author	Breakfast of Champions, or Goodbye Blue Monday, published in 1973, is the seventh novel by the American author Kurt Vonnegut.	Breakfast of Champions	Kurt Vonnegut
author	Winter of the World is written by the Welsh-born author Ken Follett, a historical novell published in 2012 is the second book in the Century Trilogy.	Winter of the World	Ken Follett
author	Aphrodite: mœurs antiques (``Aphrodite: ancient morals'') is an 1896 French-language novel by Pierre Louÿs.	Aphrodite: mœurs antiques	Pierre Louÿs
author	Christo, Castro and Free Love is a novel by the Bulgarian writer Georgi Tenev.	Christo, Castro and Free Love	Georgi Tenev
author	Line of Delirium and Emperors of Illusions are two 1995 books of a space opera trilogy by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko (Shadows of Dreams is a short prequel to Line of Delirium and is usually included in the second book).	Line of Delirium	Sergey Lukyanenko
author	The Skeptic's Walk (French: Promenade du Skeptique) is a book by Denis Diderot, completed in 1747.	The Skeptic's Walk	Denis Diderot
author	Anastasia on Her Own (1985) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry.	Anastasia on Her Own	Lois Lowry
author	The Angel Makers is a 2007 novel written by Jessica Gregson based on the true story of The Angel Makers of Nagyrév, two Hungarian women who sold arsenic to unhappily married women to kill their husbands.	The Angel Makers	Jessica Gregson
author	The Judge and His Hangman (German: Der Richter und sein Henker) is a 1950 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt.	The Judge and His Hangman	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
author	From Nine to Nine or Between Nine and Nine (German title: Zwischen neun und neun; original title: Freiheit) is a novel by Leo Perutz first published in 1918.	From Nine to Nine	Leo Perutz
author	The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication is a book by Charles Darwin that was first published in January 1868.	The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication	Charles Darwin
author	The System of Nature or, the Laws of the Moral and Physical World (Système de la Nature ou Des Loix du Monde Physique et du Monde Moral) is a work of philosophy by Paul Henri Thiry, Baron d'Holbach (1723--1789).	The System of Nature	Baron d'Holbach
author	Rumpole and the Golden Thread is a 1982 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole.	Rumpole and the Golden Thread	John Mortimer
author	Robots Have No Tails is a 1952 collection of science fiction short stories by Lewis Padgett (pseudonym of Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore).	Robots Have No Tails	Lewis Padgett
author	The Defence of Duffer's Drift is a short 1904 book by Major General Sir Ernest Dunlop Swinton.	The Defence of Duffer's Drift	Ernest Dunlop Swinton
author	An Advancement of Learning is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the second novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.	An Advancement of Learning	Reginald Hill
author	Asterix in Spain is the fourteenth volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations).	Asterix in Spain	René Goscinny
author	Il teatro alla moda (The Fashionable Theater) is a satirical pamphlet in which its author, the Venetian composer Benedetto Marcello (1686--1739), vents his critical opinions on the milieu of the Italian opera seria in the first decades of the eighteenth century.	Il teatro alla moda	Benedetto Marcello
author	Ultimate Adventures was a six-issue comic book, written by Ron Zimmerman and drawn by Duncan Fegredo, and published by Marvel Comics.	Ultimate Adventures	Ron Zimmerman
author	Dave at Night is a young adult, historical fiction novel written by award-winning author Gail Carson Levine in 1999.	Dave at Night	Gail Carson Levine
author	The Wind Off the Small Isles is a novella by Mary Stewart, first published in 1968.	The Wind Off the Small Isles	Mary Stewart
author	The Deemster is a novel by Hall Caine published in 1887, considered to be the first 'Manx novel'.	The Deemster	Hall Caine
author	The Land of Foam also known as At the Edge of Oikoumene (Russian: На краю Ойкумены, Na krayu Oikumeny) and Great Arc (Великая Дуга, Velikaya Duga) is a novel written by the Soviet writer Ivan Yefremov in 1946.	The Land of Foam	Ivan Yefremov
author	(Documents Relating to) The Sentimental Agents in the Volyen Empire is a 1983 science fiction novel by Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Doris Lessing.	The Sentimental Agents in the Volyen Empire	Doris Lessing
author	The Soft Centre is a work of detective fiction by James Hadley Chase, first published in Great Britain by Robert Hale Ltd. in 1964.	The Soft Centre	James Hadley Chase
author	The Ballad of the Flexible Bullet is a novella by Stephen King first published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction in 1984 and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.	The Ballad of the Flexible Bullet	Stephen King
author	An Imaginary Life is a 1978 novella written by David Malouf.	An Imaginary Life	David Malouf
author	Murder at the New York World's Fair is a novel that was published in 1938 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Freeman Dana.	Murder at the New York World's Fair	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
author	Code Complete is a software development book, written by Steve McConnell and published in 1993 by Microsoft Press, urging developers to get past code-and-fix programming and the big design up front waterfall model.	Code Complete	Steve McConnell
author	Sept cavaliers is a 1993 novel by the French writer Jean Raspail.	Sept cavaliers	Jean Raspail
author	Faery in Shadow is a fantasy novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.	Faery in Shadow	C. J. Cherryh
author	Icons of Evolution is a book by Jonathan Wells, an intelligent design advocate and fellow of the Discovery Institute, which also includes a 2002 video companion.	Icons of Evolution	Jonathan Wells
author	The Coquette or, The History of Eliza Wharton is an epistolary novel by Hannah Webster Foster.	The Coquette	Hannah Webster Foster
author	Heavenly Discourse is a collection of satirical essays by Charles Erskine Scott Wood, published in 1927.	Heavenly Discourse	Charles Erskine Scott Wood
author	Design of Cities, first published in 1967, is an illustrated account of the development of urban form, written by Edmund Bacon (1910--2005), who was the Executive Director of the Philadelphia City Planning Commission from 1949 to 1970.	Design of Cities	Edmund Bacon
author	The Haunting of Hiram C. Hopgood is a children's novel written in 1987 by Eva Ibbotson.	The Haunting of Hiram C. Hopgood	Eva Ibbotson
author	The Mysteries of Harris Burdick is a 1984 picture book by the American author Chris Van Allsburg consisting of a series of seemingly unrelated, highly detailed images in Van Allsburg's distinctive style.	The Mysteries of Harris Burdick	Chris Van Allsburg
author	The Alastor Cluster is the fictional setting of three of American writer Jack Vance's novels:	Alastor Cluster	Jack Vance
author	A Rap on Race is a non-fiction book co-authored by writer and social critic James Baldwin and anthropologist Margaret Mead.	A Rap on Race	James Baldwin	Margaret Mead
author	Riding the Iron Rooster (1988) is a travel book by Paul Theroux primarily about his travels through China in the 1980s.	Riding the Iron Rooster	Paul Theroux
author	Factor T is a book first published in 1956 written by the Polish writer, philosopher, filmmaker, composer and poet Stefan Themerson.	Factor T	Stefan Themerson
author	The Wizard Knight is a series of epistolary novels written by fantasy and science fiction author Gene Wolfe.	The Wizard Knight	Gene Wolfe
author	The Fireship is one of a series of nautical novels by C. Northcote Parkinson.	The Fireship	C. Northcote Parkinson
author	Stops of Various Quills is a 1895 book written by William Dean Howells.	Stops of Various Quills	William Dean Howells
author	The Malady of Death (French: La Maladie de la mort) is a 1982 novella by the French writer Marguerite Duras.	The Malady of Death	Marguerite Duras
author	Thirty-Three Teeth is a crime novel by British author Colin Cotterill and published in 2005 by Soho Press, New York (ISBN 156947429X).	Thirty-Three Teeth	Colin Cotterill
author	Bitter Fruit is a novel by Achmat Dangor first published in 2001 by Kwela Books of Cape Town.	Bitter Fruit	Achmat Dangor
author	Hull Zero Three is a science fiction novel by American author Greg Bear.	Hull Zero Three	Greg Bear
author	The Yellow Silk (ISBN 0-7869-3152-3) is a fantasy novel written by Don Bassingthwaite in 2004.	The Yellow Silk	Don Bassingthwaite
author	Horrible Beginnings is an anthology of horror short stories edited by Steven H. Silver and Martin H. Greenberg, first published in paperback by DAW Books in March 2003.	Horrible Beginnings	Martin H. Greenberg
author	Betsy in Spite of Herself (1946) is the sixth volume in the Betsy-Tacy series by Maud Hart Lovelace.	Betsy in Spite of Herself	Maud Hart Lovelace
author	Bokhandlaren som slutade bada (The Bookseller Who Gave Up Bathing, 1937) is a novel by Fritiof Nilsson Piraten.	Bokhandlaren som slutade bada	Fritiof Nilsson Piraten
author	At the Gates of Darkness is a 2010 fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist, the second book of his Demonwar Saga and the 26th book in his Riftwar Cycle.	At the Gates of Darkness	Raymond E. Feist
author	The Buru Quartet is a literary tetralogy written by Indonesian author Pramoedya Ananta Toer.	Buru Quartet	Pramoedya Ananta Toer
author	Time for Elizabeth is a play written by Norman Krasna and Groucho Marx.	Time for Elizabeth	Groucho Marx
author	Sellevision (2000) a novel is the first work published by Augusten Burroughs, author of the best-selling books Running with Scissors, Dry, and Magical Thinking.	Sellevision	Augusten Burroughs
author	The Long Pursuit is a 1967 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about the escape of a group of survivors from the Battle of Singapore in World War II.	The Long Pursuit	Jon Cleary
author	I Am Rosa Parks is a children's book written by Brad Meltzer in the ``Ordinary People Change the World'' series.	I Am Rosa Parks	Brad Meltzer
author	Micah Clarke is an historical adventure novel by British author Arthur Conan Doyle, published in 1889 and set during the Monmouth Rebellion of 1685 in England.	Micah Clarke	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	Joseph and His Brothers (Joseph und seine Brüder) is a four-part novel by Thomas Mann, written over the course of 16 years.	Joseph and His Brothers	Thomas Mann
author	The Stolen Throne is a fantasy novel written by Harry Turtledove and set in the Videssos universe.	The Stolen Throne	Harry Turtledove
author	The Prince of Venice Beach is a teenage novel by Blake Nelson.	The Prince of Venice Beach	Blake Nelson
author	Theory of the Absolute Individual (Italian: Teoria Dell'individuo Assoluto) is a work by Italian esoteric writer Julius Evola published in 1927.	Theory of the Absolute Individual	Julius Evola
author	The Watch Below (1966) is a novel by science fiction author James White about a colony of humans stranded underwater in a sunken ship surviving due to air pockets.	The Watch Below	James White
author	The Gunmaker of Moscow is a serial novel by Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. first published in the New York Ledger starting on April 19, 1856.	The Gunmaker of Moscow	Sylvanus Cobb, Jr.
author	Escape from Hell! is a speculative fiction novella by Hal Duncan, strongly inspired by the movies Jacob's Ladder and Escape from New York but also by the works of William Blake and John Milton.	Escape from Hell!	Hal Duncan
author	Poverty is No Vice (Bednost ne porok, Бедность не порок) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky, written in 1853 and published as a separate edition in the early 1854.	Poverty is No Vice	Alexander Ostrovsky
author	Fantasy Twin is a collection of fantasy novels by L. Sprague de Camp and Stanley G. Weinbaum.	Fantasy Twin	Stanley G. Weinbaum
author	En dag i oktober (eng: One day in October) is a novel by Norwegian writer Sigurd Hoel, published in 1931.	En dag i oktober	Sigurd Hoel
author	The Devil Finds Work is a book length essay by writer James Baldwin.	The Devil Finds Work	James Baldwin
author	Data Tutashkhia (Georgian: დათა თუთაშხია) is a novel written by Chabua Amirejibi in 1975.	Data Tutashkhia	Chabua Amirejibi
author	Hang a Thousand Trees with Ribbons is a 1996 historical novel by Ann Rinaldi.	Hang a Thousand Trees with Ribbons	Ann Rinaldi
author	The Robot Scientist's Daughter is a book of poetry that was written by Jeannine Hall Gailey and published by Mayapple Press in 2015.	The Robot Scientist's Daughter	Jeannine Hall Gailey
author	Midnight Predator is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes, published in 2002 when the author was 18.	Midnight Predator	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
author	Baby with the Bathwater is a play by Christopher Durang about a boy named Daisy, his influences, and his eventual outcome.	Baby with the Bathwater	Christopher Durang
author	``Missile Gap'' is a 2006 English language science fiction novella, originally published in the anthology One Million A.D. by British author Charles Stross.	Missile Gap	Charles Stross
author	A Short History of Chinese Philosophy (simplified Chinese: 中国哲学简史; traditional Chinese: 中國哲學簡史; pinyin: Zhōngguó zhéxué jiǎnshǐ) is a book by Feng Youlan written in 1948.	A Short History of Chinese Philosophy	Feng Youlan
author	The Shoemaker is a play written by Susan Charlotte, first staged at the off-Broadway Acorn Theater on 24 July 2011.	The Shoemaker	Susan Charlotte
author	Shatter Me is a young adult dystopian thriller written by Tahereh Mafi, published on November 15, 2011.	Shatter Me	Tahereh Mafi
author	Death Is My Trade (French: La mort est mon métier) is a 1952 French fictionalized biographical novel by Robert Merle.	Death Is My Trade	Robert Merle
author	Why I Am a Separatist is a political essay by Marcel Chaput, a militant for the independence of Quebec from Canada.	Why I Am a Separatist	Marcel Chaput
author	Capital and the Debt Trap is a research monograph by Claudia Sanchez Bajo and Bruno Roelants.	Capital and the Debt Trap	Claudia Sanchez Bajo	Bruno Roelants
author	Marxism and Morality is a 1985 book by political and social theorist Steven Lukes; it has been called a classic introduction.	Marxism and Morality	Steven Lukes
author	The Second Generation is a collection of five novellas in the fantasy genre by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman.	The Second Generation	Margaret Weis	Tracy Hickman
author	Flash for Freedom! is a 1971 novel by George MacDonald Fraser.	Flash for Freedom!	George MacDonald Fraser
author	Genealogia Paulistana is a Brazilian historical-genealogical work written by Luís Gonzaga da Silva Leme, published in nine volumes between 1903 and 1905.	Genealogia Paulistana	Luís Gonzaga da Silva Leme
author	Shards of a Broken Crown is a 1998 fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist, the fourth and final book of his Serpentwar Saga and the twelfth book of his Riftwar cycle.	Shards of a Broken Crown	Raymond E. Feist
author	In the introduction to the Girls Gone By edition of The Marlows and the Traitor, Antonia Forest admits she never intended to write a series of books about the Marlows.	The Marlows and the Traitor	Antonia Forest
author	Five Go to Smuggler's Top is the fourth book in the Famous Five series by the British author, Enid Blyton.	Five Go to Smuggler's Top	Enid Blyton
author	The Memoirs of Martinus Scriblerus is an incomplete satirical work ostensibly by the members of the Scriblerus Club but which was principally written by John Arbuthnot.	Memoirs of Martinus Scriblerus	John Arbuthnot
author	Sapphique is a young-adult fantasy and science fiction novel written by Catherine Fisher, first published in 2008 in the UK.	Sapphique	Catherine Fisher
author	Empire of the Moghul is a series of historical fiction novels written by Alex Rutherford (the pen name for Diana and Michael Preston).	Empire of the Moghul	Alex Rutherford
author	The Consolation of Philosophy (Latin: DE CONSOLATIONE PHILOSOPHIÆ) is a work by the sixth-century philosopher Boethius that has been described as having had the single most important influence on the Christianity of the Middle Ages and early Renaissance and as the last great work of the Classical Period.	The Consolation of Philosophy	Boethius
author	City of a Thousand Suns is a 1965 science fantasy novel by Samuel R. Delany, and is the final novel in the Fall of the Towers trilogy.	City of a Thousand Suns	Samuel R. Delany
author	The Sad Detective (Russian: Печальный Детектив) is a story (a short novel) of notable Russian writer Viktor Astafyev.	Sad Detective	Viktor Astafyev
author	The Black Spider is a novella by the Swiss writer Jeremias Gotthelf written in 1842.	The Black Spider	Jeremias Gotthelf
author	The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Prawn Cracker is a collection of Will Self's Real Meals column for The New Statesman.	The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Prawn Cracker	Will Self
author	Business is business (French: Les affaires sont les affaires) is a French comedy in three acts, by the novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau, performed in April 1903 on the stage of Comédie-Française, in Paris, and worldwide acclaimed, especially in Russia, Germany and United States.	Business is business	Octave Mirbeau
author	Das Königsprojekt (English: The Royal Project) is a German-language science fiction novel by Carl Amery, published in 1974.	Das Königsprojekt	Carl Amery
author	Eve & Adam is a book by Michael Grant and Katherine Applegate published in 2012 by Feiwel and Friends.	Eve & Adam	Michael Grant
author	The Dark Fields is a 2001 techno-thriller novel by Irish writer Alan Glynn.	The Dark Fields	Alan Glynn
author	``And did those feet in ancient time'' is a short poem by William Blake from the preface to his epic Milton a Poem, one of a collection of writings known as the Prophetic Books.	And did those feet in ancient time	William Blake
author	The Sledding Hill is a 2005 post-modern metafictional novel by young adult writer Chris Crutcher.	The Sledding Hill	Chris Crutcher
author	A Void, translated from the original French La Disparition (literally, ``The Disappearance''), is a 300-page French lipogrammatic novel, written in 1969 by Georges Perec, entirely without using the letter e (except for the author's name), following Oulipo constraints.	A Void	Georges Perec
author	A God Against the Gods is a 1976 historical novel by political novelist Allen Drury, which chronicles ancient Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten's attempt to establish a new religion in Egypt.	A God Against the Gods	Allen Drury
author	James and the Giant Peach is a popular children's novel written in 1961 by British author Roald Dahl.	James and the Giant Peach	Roald Dahl
author	``The Duplicity of Hargraves'' is a short story by the American writer, William Sydney Porter, Pen name O. Henry.	The Duplicity of Hargraves	O. Henry
author	A Firing Offense is a 1992 crime novel and the debut from author George Pelecanos.	A Firing Offense	George Pelecanos
author	Heavenly Breakfast is a 1979 autobigraphical novel by author, professor, and critic Samuel R. Delany.	Heavenly Breakfast	Samuel R. Delany
author	The Sly Old Cat is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter in 1906, and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1971, almost thirty years after her death.	The Sly Old Cat	Beatrix Potter
author	A Dark Victory is a 1999 young-adult fantasy novel by Dave Luckett and is the last book in the Tenabran Trilogy.	A Dark Victory	Dave Luckett
author	The Admiral's Daughter is a 1979 autobiography written by Victoria Fyodorova with Haskel Frankel.	The Admiral's Daughter	Victoria Fyodorova
author	Battledragon (1995) is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Rowley.	Battledragon	Christopher Rowley
author	The Measure of the Magic is a fantasy novel by Terry Brooks released on August 23, 2011 as the second of the two part Legends of Shannara series.	The Measure of the Magic	Terry Brooks
author	The Undying Land is a Lost race novel by William Gilmour.	The Undying Land	William Gilmour
author	The Pillars of Eternity is the tenth novel by the science fiction author Barrington J. Bayley.	The Pillars of Eternity	Barrington J. Bayley
author	The Void Trilogy is a science fiction series by British SF writer Peter F. Hamilton.	Void Trilogy	Peter F. Hamilton
author	The Castle of Iron is the title of a fantasy novella by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt, and to the novel into which it was later expanded by the same authors.	The Castle of Iron	Fletcher Pratt
author	The Commentaries on the Laws of England are an influential 18th-century treatise on the common law of England by Sir William Blackstone, originally published by the Clarendon Press at Oxford, 1765--1769.	Commentaries on the Laws of England	William Blackstone
author	The Death of Tintagiles (French: La Mort de Tintagiles) is an 1894 play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck.	The Death of Tintagiles	Maurice Maeterlinck
author	Things Hidden Since the Foundation of the World (French: Des choses cachées depuis la fondation du monde) is a 1978 book by philosopher of social science René Girard.	Things Hidden Since the Foundation of the World	René Girard
author	Fattypuffs and Thinifers (ISBN 1903252075) is a 1941 translation of the French children's book Patapoufs et Filifers originally written in 1930 by André Maurois.	Fattypuffs and Thinifers	André Maurois
author	Along Came a Dog is a children's novel by Meindert DeJong, and Maurice Sendak.	Along Came a Dog	Meindert DeJong	Maurice Sendak
author	Implied Spaces is a 2008 space opera novel by American author Walter Jon Williams.	Implied Spaces	Walter Jon Williams
author	Speak, Memory is an autobiographical memoir by writer Vladimir Nabokov.	Speak, Memory	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Encounters with the Archdruid (1971) is a narrative nonfiction book by author John McPhee.	Encounters with the Archdruid	John McPhee
author	The Alchemist's Question is a novella by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock.	The Alchemist's Question	Michael Moorcock
author	Shutter Island is a best-selling novel by Dennis Lehane, published by Harper Collins in April 2003.	Shutter Island	Dennis Lehane
author	The Last Dragonlord is the first in a series of books written by Joanne Bertin.	The Last Dragonlord	Joanne Bertin
author	O Primo Basílio (``Cousin Bazilio'') is one of the most highly regarded realist novels of the Portuguese author José Maria de Eça de Queiroz, also known under the modernized spelling Eça de Queirós.	Cousin Bazilio	José Maria de Eça de Queiroz
author	Epistolae familiares is the title of a collection of letters of Petrarch which he edited during his lifetime.	Epistolae familiares	Petrarch
author	Landscape of Farewell is a 2007 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller.	Landscape of Farewell	Alex Miller
author	Liberia; or, Mr. Peyton's Experiments is an 1853 novel by Sarah Josepha Hale, the author of the nursery rhyme ``Mary Had a Little Lamb'', who wrote the novel under the name of Sara J. Hale.	Liberia; or, Mr. Peyton's Experiments	Sarah Josepha Hale
author	How the Steel Was Tempered (Russian: Как закалялась сталь, Kak zakalyalas' stal') is a socialist realist novel written by Nikolai Ostrovsky (1904--1936).	How the Steel Was Tempered	Nikolai Ostrovsky
author	``The Man That Was Used Up'', sometimes subtitled ``A Tale of the Late Bugaboo and Kickapoo Campaign'', is a short story and satire by Edgar Allan Poe.	The Man That Was Used Up	Edgar Allan Poe
author	De Oratore (On the Orator; not to be confused with Orator) is a dialogue written by Cicero in 55 BCE.	De Oratore	Cicero
author	``A Colder War'' is an English-language, alternate history novelette by Charles Stross written c. 1997.	A Colder War	Charles Stross
author	Counterexamples in Topology (1970, 2nd ed. 1978) is a book on mathematics by topologists Lynn Steen and J. Arthur Seebach, Jr. In the process of working on problems like the metrization problem, topologists (including Steen and Seebach) have defined a wide variety of topological properties.	Counterexamples in Topology	Lynn Steen	J. Arthur Seebach, Jr.
author	The Wasps (Greek: Σφῆκες Sphēkes) is the fourth in chronological order of the eleven surviving plays by Aristophanes, the master of an ancient genre of drama called 'Old Comedy'.	The Wasps	Aristophanes
author	Hart's Hope (1983) is a fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card, written in second person.	Hart's Hope	Orson Scott Card
author	Flying Saucers from Outer Space (Holt, 1953) is a non-fiction book by Donald Keyhoe about unidentified flying objects, aka UFO.	Flying Saucers from Outer Space	Donald Keyhoe
author	The Fortified Castle (Arabic: القلعة الحصينة‎ Al-Qala-ah Al-Hasinah) is Saddam Hussein's third of four novels.	The Fortified Castle	Saddam Hussein
author	Al-Kamal fi Asma' al-Rijal (Arabic: الكمال في أسماء الرجال‎) is a collection of biographies of hadith narrators within the Islamic discipline of biographical evaluation by the 12th-century Islamic scholar Abd al-Ghani al-Maqdisi.	Al-Kamal fi Asma' al-Rijal	Abd al-Ghani al-Maqdisi
author	13 Alabama Ghosts and Jeffrey is a book first published in 1969 by folklorist Kathryn Tucker Windham and Margaret Gillis Figh.	13 Alabama Ghosts and Jeffrey	Kathryn Tucker Windham
author	Voyages de l'autre côté is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio.	Voyages de l'autre côté	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	Winter in Eden is a 1986 science fiction novel by American author Harry Harrison, the second in the Eden series.	Winter in Eden	Harry Harrison
author	First Meetings (2002) is a collection of Orson Scott Card's short stories from the Ender's Game series.	First Meetings	Orson Scott Card
author	Oh No It Isn't! is a novel published in 1997 by Paul Cornell from the Virgin New Adventures featuring the fictional archaeologist Bernice Summerfield.	Oh No It Isn't!	Paul Cornell
author	Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water 'fore I Diiie (1971) is the first collection of poems by African-American writer and poet, Maya Angelou.	Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water 'fore I Diiie	Maya Angelou
author	Hortus Kewensis, or a Catalogue of the Plants Cultivated in the Royal Botanic Garden at Kew by William Aiton was a 1789 catalogue of all the plant species then in cultivation at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, which constituted the vast majority of plant species in cultivation in all of England.	Hortus Kewensis	William Aiton
author	Labyrinth of Reflections is the first novel in the Labyrinth trilogy of cyberpunk novels written by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko.	Labyrinth of Reflections	Sergey Lukyanenko
author	The Years of Rice and Salt is an alternate history novel written by science fiction author Kim Stanley Robinson and published in 2002.	The Years of Rice and Salt	Kim Stanley Robinson
author	Night World is a series of ten (with the tenth as yet unpublished) young-adult fantasy novels by American author L. J. Smith.	Night World	L. J. Smith
author	The Terrorists was unfinished at the time of Per Wahlöö's death in June 1975; the manuscript was completed by Maj Sjöwall alone.	The Terrorists	Per Wahlöö	Maj Sjöwall
author	The Fish Can Sing (Icelandic: Brekkukotsannáll) is a 1957 novel by Icelandic author Halldór Laxness, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1955.	The Fish Can Sing	Halldór Laxness
author	Mounting Fears is the seventh novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods.	Mounting Fears	Stuart Woods
author	Mera Pakistani Safarnama is a Punjabi travelogue by actor-writer Balraj Sahni.	Mera Pakistani Safarnama	Balraj Sahni
author	The Defence of the Seven Sacraments (in Latin, Assertio Septem Sacramentorum) is a theological treatise from 1521, officially written by King Henry VIII of England, though more likely by John Fisher.	Defence of the Seven Sacraments	Henry VIII
author	Dancing Lessons for the Advanced in Age (Czech: Taneční hodiny pro starší a pokročilé) is a 1964 novel by the Czechoslovak writer Bohumil Hrabal.	Dancing Lessons for the Advanced in Age	Bohumil Hrabal
author	Time in Advance (no ISBN) is a collection of four short stories by science fiction writer William Tenn (a pseudonym for the sci-fi work of Philip Klass).	Time in Advance	William Tenn
author	Gates of Fire is a 1998 historical fiction novel by Steven Pressfield that recounts the Battle of Thermopylae through Xeones, a helot slave/squire, and one of only three Greek survivors of the battle.	Gates of Fire	Steven Pressfield
author	Traitor's Blood is a novel by Reginald Hill, the author best known for his Dalziel and Pascoe series of crime novels.	Traitor's Blood	Reginald Hill
author	Reservoir Pups (also known as Running with the Reservoir Pups) is the first novel of the Eddie & the Gang with No Name trilogy by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, published on 13 November 2003 through Hodder Children's Books.	Reservoir Pups	Colin Bateman
author	Uncle Target is a third person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall, first published in 1988, and the fourth and last in his series of novels with the character ``Harry Maxim'' as the protagonist.	Uncle Target	Gavin Lyall
author	Elmer the Patchwork Elephant is a children's picture book series by the British author David McKee.	Elmer the Patchwork Elephant	David McKee
author	Pierre Tombal is a Belgian gag cartoon strip, drawn by Marc Hardy and with text by Raoul Cauvin, about a mortician and the dead people at his cemetery.	Pierre Tombal	Raoul Cauvin
author	Wisconsin Murders is a collection of true crime accounts written by author August Derleth.	Wisconsin Murders	August Derleth
author	The Naughtiest Girl Keeps a Secret (1999) is the first of a continuation of Enid Blyton's The Naughtiest Girl series by Anne Digby.	The Naughtiest Girl Keeps a Secret	Anne Digby
author	Body Awareness is a one-act play by Annie Baker.	Body Awareness	Annie Baker
award received	Victor Mishalow was awarded the title of Merited Artist of Ukraine by Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma in October, 1999.	Victor Mishalow	Merited Artist of Ukraine
award received	Major Matthew Fontaine Maury Meiklejohn VC (27 November 1870 -- 4 July 1913) was a British recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Matthew Fontaine Maury Meiklejohn	Victoria Cross
award received	Albéric Clément (c. 1165 -- 1191) was the first Marshal of France under Philip Augustus, appointed to that position in 1185.	Albéric Clément	Marshal of France
award received	Prince Michał Fryderyk Czartoryski (1696-1775) was a Polish nobleman, the Duke of Klewań and Żuków, magnate, and Knight of the Order of the White Eagle (from 1726).	Michał Fryderyk Czartoryski	Order of the White Eagle
award received	Sergei Vasilyev was granted the honorary title of People's Artist of the USSR in 1948; and received (with Georgi Vasilyev) two Stalin Prizes in 1941 and 1942.	Sergei Vasilyev	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	In 1996, The Awful Truth was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry, having been deemed ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	The Awful Truth	National Film Registry
award received	Ugo de Carolis (born 1887 and killed in action 12 December 1941) was a Brigadier-General and commander of the 52 Motorised Division Torino on the eastern front during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Ugo de Carolis	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Luz Marina Zuluaga Zuluaga (Spanish pronunciation: (suˈlwaɣa); October 31, 1938 -- December 2, 2015) was a Colombian beauty queen who won Miss Universe 1958.	Luz Marina Zuluaga	Miss Universe
award received	Dancer in the Dark premiered at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival to standing ovations and controversy, but was nonetheless awarded the Palme d'Or, along with the Best Actress award for Björk.	Dancer in the Dark	Palme d'Or
award received	Video recording of lecture (in Latvian) can be accessed via daugavasvanagi.ca Uldis Ģērmanis was elected a member of the Latvian Academy of Sciences in 1992 and awarded the Order of the Three Stars in 1995.	Uldis Ģērmanis	Order of the Three Stars
award received	Ben Quilty (born 1973 in Sydney) is an Australian artist who won the 2014 Prudential Eye Award, 2011 Archibald Prize and 2009 Doug Moran National Portrait Prize.	Ben Quilty	Archibald Prize
award received	George Waller VC (June 1827 -- 10 January 1877) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	George Waller	Victoria Cross
award received	In 2008, So's Your Old Man was added to the United States National Film Registry.	So's Your Old Man	National Film Registry
award received	Rico Roman (born February 4, 1981) is an American gold medal sledge hockey player and Purple Heart recipient from Portland, Oregon who competed in 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia.	Rico Roman	Purple Heart
award received	Ehrenfried-Oskar Boege (11 November 1889 -- 31 December 1965) was a German general who held several Corps level commands during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Ehrenfried-Oskar Boege	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	On July 23, 2003, John Wooden received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor.	John Wooden	Presidential Medal of Freedom
award received	In 2006, the Adva Center was the recipient of the Emil Grunzweig Human Rights Award, bestowed by the Association for Civil Rights in Israel.	Adva Center	Emil Grunzweig Human Rights Award
award received	For it Temporary Lt George Butterworth, aged 31, was awarded the Military Cross, gazetted 25 August 1916, although he did not live to receive it.	George Butterworth	Military Cross
award received	Michael Ancher received the Eckersberg Medal in 1889 and in 1894 the Order of the Dannebrog.	Michael Ancher	Eckersberg Medal
award received	Foundation's Edge won the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1983, and was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1982.	Foundation's Edge	Hugo Award for Best Novel
award received	John Curro was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1981, and a Member of the Order of Australia in 1995.	John Curro	Member of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Philip Lucas GM (1902--1981) was an English aviator and test pilot who was awarded the George Medal for his courage and skill landing a damaged Hawker Typhoon prototype.	Philip Lucas	George Medal
award received	Ernest Albert Garlington (February 20, 1853 -- October 16, 1934) was a United States Army general who received the Medal of Honor during the Indian Wars.	Ernest Albert Garlington	Medal of Honor
award received	His film music for the Line was awarded with Buddyprisen in 1960, and he led his own Mikkel Flagstad Quintet including Atle Hammer (trumpet), Kjell Karlsen (piano), Erik Amundsen (bass) and Ole Jacob Hansen (drums), while he took dentist education.	Mikkel Flagstad	Buddyprisen
award received	Akshayraj Kore (born 1 September 1988), is an Indian chess player and a Grandmaster.	Akshayraj Kore	Grandmaster
award received	Keith Looby (born 1940 in Sydney, Australia), is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 1984 with a portrait of Max Gillies.	Keith Looby	Archibald Prize
award received	Percy Edward Kent (18 March 1913 - 9 July 1986) PhD, DSc, LLD, ScD, FGS, FRS was a British geologist who won the Royal Medal in 1971.	Percy Edward Kent	Royal Medal
award received	Michael Moss was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Reporting in 2010, and was a finalist for the prize in 2006 and 1999.	Michael Moss	Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Reporting
award received	In the 1968 Queen's Birthday Honours, Stefan Haag was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for his development of the performing arts.	Stefan Haag	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Zhu Chen (simplified Chinese: 诸宸; traditional Chinese: 諸宸; pinyin: Zhū Chén; born March 16, 1976 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang) is a Qatari chess Grandmaster.	Zhu Chen	Grandmaster
award received	Nadine Gordimer (20 November 1923 -- 13 July 2014) was a South African writer, political activist and recipient of the 1991 Nobel Prize in Literature.	Nadine Gordimer	Nobel Prize in Literature
award received	Othmar Kreuzinger (9 September 1919 -- 13 September 1944) was a Hauptmann of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Othmar Kreuzinger	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
cast member	Simon Sez is a 1999 action comedy film starring Dennis Rodman, Dane Cook, and John Pinette.	Simon Sez	Dennis Rodman	Dane Cook	John Pinette
cast member	Stephanie's Image is a 2009 American drama film directed by Janis DeLucia Allen, written by JP Allen and featuring Melissa Leo in the title role.	Stephanie's Image	Melissa Leo
cast member	The Snake Woman is a low budget 1961 British horror film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Susan Travers, John McCarthy.	The Snake Woman	Susan Travers
cast member	Demon Knight is a feature-length film presented by the HBO series Tales from the Crypt, and features scenes with the Crypt Keeper (voiced by John Kassir, as in the series) at the beginning and end of the film.	Demon Knight	John Kassir
cast member	Guy Newall as Jim Silver Ivy Duke as Boy Woodburn Mary Rorke as Ma Woodburn A. Bromley Davenport as Matt Woodburn Cameron Carr as Jaggers John Alexander as Monkey Brand	Boy Woodburn	A. Bromley Davenport
cast member	Armless is a 2010 comedy film directed by Habib Azar and written by Kyle Jarrow, starring Daniel London, Janel Moloney, Matt Walton, Zoe Lister-Jones and Laurie Kennedy.	Armless	Daniel London	Janel Moloney	Matt Walton	Zoe Lister-Jones
cast member	Imitation General is a 1958 CinemaScope war comedy film starring Glenn Ford, Red Buttons and Taina Elg.	Imitation General	Glenn Ford	Red Buttons	Taina Elg
cast member	Once Upon a Crime is a 1992 ensemble comedy film starring Richard Lewis, John Candy, James Belushi, Cybill Shepherd, Sean Young and Ornella Muti.	Once Upon a Crime	Richard Lewis	John Candy	Cybill Shepherd	Sean Young	Ornella Muti
cast member	Under the Yum Yum Tree is a 1963 comedy movie that stars Jack Lemmon, Carol Lynley, Dean Jones, and Edie Adams, with supporting roles by Imogene Coca and Paul Lynde.	Under the Yum Yum Tree	Jack Lemmon	Carol Lynley	Dean Jones	Edie Adams	Imogene Coca	Paul Lynde
cast member	The Home at Hong Kong is a 1983 Hong Kong drama film directed by King Hoi Lam and starring Andy Lau.	The Home at Hong Kong	Andy Lau
cast member	Gnana Soundari is a 1948 Indian Tamil historical fiction film written, produced and directed by duo F. Nagoor and Joseph Thalaith Jr. The film stars T. R. Mahalingam, M. V. Rajamma in lead roles with D. Balasubramaniam, Sivabhagyam, Lalitha and Padmini playing supporting roles.	Gnana Soundari	T. R. Mahalingam
cast member	Crucible of Terror is a 1971 British horror film directed by Ted Hooker and starring Mike Raven, Mary Maude and James Bolam.	Crucible of Terror	Mike Raven	Mary Maude	James Bolam
cast member	Brother Orchid is a 1940 American crime/comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Edward G. Robinson, Ann Sothern and Humphrey Bogart, with featured performances by Donald Crisp, Ralph Bellamy and Allen Jenkins.	Brother Orchid	Edward G. Robinson	Ann Sothern	Humphrey Bogart	Donald Crisp	Ralph Bellamy	Allen Jenkins
cast member	Absence of Malice is a 1981 American drama film starring Paul Newman, Sally Field, and Bob Balaban, directed by Sydney Pollack.	Absence of Malice	Paul Newman	Sally Field	Bob Balaban
cast member	A.F.R.I.K.A. (Hangul: 아프리카; RR: Apeurika) is a 2002 South Korean film in the action comedy genre, directed by Shin Seung-soo and starring Lee Yo-won, Kim Min-sun, Lee Young-jin and Jo Eun-ji.	A.F.R.I.K.A.	Lee Yo-won
cast member	True Legend is a 2010 Chinese martial arts film directed by Yuen Woo-ping, starring Vincent Zhao, Zhou Xun, Jay Chou, Michelle Yeoh, Andy On, David Carradine, Guo Xiaodong, Feng Xiaogang, Cung Le, Gordon Liu, Bryan Leung and Jacky Heung.	True Legend	Vincent Zhao	Zhou Xun	Jay Chou	Michelle Yeoh	Andy On	David Carradine	Feng Xiaogang	Cung Le	Gordon Liu	Bryan Leung	Jacky Heung
cast member	Toofan Aur Deeya is a 1956 Bollywood film directed by Prabhat Kumar and starring Satish Vyas, Nanda, Rajendra Kumar, Vatsala Deshmukh, Shanta Kumari, Krishna Kumar, Keshavrao Date and Ulhas.	Toofan Aur Deeya	Nanda	Rajendra Kumar
cast member	Gidget Goes Hawaiian is a 1961 musical romantic comedy film starring Deborah Walley and James Darren.	Gidget Goes Hawaiian	Deborah Walley	James Darren
cast member	Man in a Hurry (French: L'Homme pressé, Italian: L'ultimo giorno d'amore, released in UK as The Hurried Man) is a 1977 French-Italian drama film directed by Édouard Molinaro and starring Alain Delon and Mireille Darc.	Man in a Hurry	Alain Delon	Mireille Darc
cast member	Death on the Diamond is a 1934 mystery film starring Robert Young as a baseball player who has to figure out who is trying to murder the members of his team, the Saint Louis Cardinals.	Death on the Diamond	Robert Young
cast member	Tre må man være is a 1959 Danish family film directed by Sven Methling and starring Poul Reichhardt.	Tre må man være	Poul Reichhardt
cast member	The Fighter is a 2010 American biographical sports drama film directed by David O. Russell, and starring Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, Amy Adams and Melissa Leo.	The Fighter	Mark Wahlberg	Christian Bale	Amy Adams	Melissa Leo
cast member	Daughter of Shanghai is a 1937 American motion picture directed by Robert Florey, written by Gladys Unger and Garnett Weston, and starring Anna May Wong and Philip Ahn.	Daughter of Shanghai	Anna May Wong	Philip Ahn
cast member	Good Girls Go to Paris is a 1939 American romantic comedy film starring Melvyn Douglas and Joan Blondell.	Good Girls Go to Paris	Melvyn Douglas	Joan Blondell
cast member	The Thrill Chaser is a 1923 American action film directed by Edward Sedgwick and featuring Hoot Gibson.	The Thrill Chaser	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Live from the Dark is a DVD released by the Swedish hard rock band Europe.	Live from the Dark	Europe
cast member	Hold-up à l'italienne is a 2008 French television film directed and written by Claude-Michel Rome and starring Astrid Veillon, Bruno Wolkowitch, Étienne Chicot and Claudia Cardinale.	Hold-up à l'italienne	Astrid Veillon
cast member	Krishnan Marriage Story is an Indian Kannada-language romantic drama film written and directed by debutant Nuthan Umesh, starring Ajay Rao and Nidhi Subbaiah in the lead roles.	Krishnan Marriage Story	Ajay Rao	Nidhi Subbaiah
cast member	Love and Suicide is a 2005 feature film romance by Luis Moro and Lisa France, starring Moro, Kamar de los Reyes and Daisy McCrackin.	Love and Suicide	Luis Moro	Kamar de los Reyes	Daisy McCrackin
cast member	Portrait in Black is a 1960 American neo-noir crime drama/thriller film directed by Michael Gordon and starring Lana Turner and Anthony Quinn.	Portrait in Black	Lana Turner	Anthony Quinn
cast member	Strange Impersonation is a 1946 film noir directed by Anthony Mann, featuring Brenda Marshall, William Gargan and Hillary Brooke.	Strange Impersonation	Brenda Marshall	William Gargan	Hillary Brooke
cast member	One-Hand Clapping (Danish: At klappe med een hånd) is a 2001 Danish comedy film written and directed by Gert Fredholm, and starring Jens Okking, Peter Gantzler, and Susanne Juhász.	One-Hand Clapping	Jens Okking	Peter Gantzler
cast member	Cjamango is a 1967 Italian spaghetti western starring Ivan Rassimov billed as Sean Todd.	Cjamango	Ivan Rassimov
cast member	Seven Women from Hell is a 1961 war drama starring Patricia Owens, Denise Darcel (in her final film), Margia Dean, Yvonne Craig and Cesar Romero about women prisoners in a Japanese World War II prison camp, interned with other prisoners.	Seven Women from Hell	Patricia Owens	Denise Darcel	Margia Dean	Yvonne Craig	Cesar Romero
cast member	Green Grass of Wyoming is a 1948 American western drama film, directed by Louis King, starring Peggy Cummins and Charles Coburn.	Green Grass of Wyoming	Peggy Cummins	Charles Coburn
cast member	The Key to Reserva is a 2007 short film or long-form advertisement for Freixenet Cava champagne starring, written and directed by Martin Scorsese.	The Key to Reserva	Martin Scorsese
cast member	Rough Shoot, also known as Shoot First, is a 1953 British thriller film starring Joel McCrea and Evelyn Keyes, and featuring Herbert Lom, Marius Goring and Roland Culver.	Rough Shoot	Joel McCrea	Evelyn Keyes
cast member	His and Her Christmas is a 2005 television film directed by Farhad Mann and starring Dina Meyer and David Sutcliffe.	His and Her Christmas	Dina Meyer
cast member	The Perfect Flapper was a 1924 comedy film starring Colleen Moore.	The Perfect Flapper	Colleen Moore
cast member	A sablazo limpio (English: A Quick Saber Slash) is a 1958 Mexican historical-comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine as the double act Viruta y Capulina, and Lucho Gatica with Carmela Rey.	A sablazo limpio	Marco Antonio Campos	Gaspar Henaine	Lucho Gatica
cast member	The Man Who Could Cheat Death is a 1959 British horror film, directed by Terence Fisher and starring Anton Diffring and Christopher Lee.	The Man Who Could Cheat Death	Anton Diffring	Christopher Lee
cast member	The Smilin' Kid is a 1920 American short Western film directed by and featuring Hoot Gibson.	The Smilin' Kid	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Hurricane Hutch in Many Adventures is a 1924 British silent comedy action film directed by Charles Hutchison and starring Charles Hutchison, Warwick Ward and Malcolm Tod.	Hurricane Hutch in Many Adventures	Charles Hutchison	Warwick Ward
cast member	Southside 1-1000 is a 1950 semidocumentary-style film noir directed by Boris Ingster and featuring Don DeFore, Andrea King, George Tobias and Gerald Mohr as the off-screen narrator.	Southside 1-1000	Don DeFore	Andrea King	George Tobias
cast member	Angels of the Street or The Angel of St. Pauli (German:Die Engel von St. Pauli) is a 1969 West German crime film directed by Jürgen Roland and starring Horst Frank, Herbert Fux and Werner Pochath.	Angels of the Street	Horst Frank
cast member	Her Moment is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Frank Beal and starring William Garwood and Anne Luther.	Her Moment	William Garwood
cast member	Way for a Sailor (1930) is an American Pre-Code film starring John Gilbert.	Way for a Sailor	John Gilbert
cast member	Thiraseelakku Pinnil is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P Chandrakumar and starring Jayabharathi in lead roles.	Thiraseelakku Pinnil	Jayabharathi
cast member	Adam Had Four Sons is a 1941 drama and romance film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Ingrid Bergman, Warner Baxter, Susan Hayward and Fay Wray.	Adam Had Four Sons	Ingrid Bergman	Warner Baxter	Susan Hayward	Fay Wray
cast member	Mithun Chakraborty plays the role of Bangali Babu a messiah for the people.	Bangali Babu	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Manhattan Night of Murder (German: Mordnacht in Manhattan) is a 1965 German thriller film directed by Harald Philipp and starring George Nader, Heinz Weiss and Monika Grimm.	Manhattan Night of Murder	George Nader	Heinz Weiss	Monika Grimm
cast member	The Girl Who Wouldn't Work is an extant 1925 silent film produced by B. P. Schulberg and starring Lionel Barrymore and Marguerite De La Motte.	The Girl Who Wouldn't Work	Lionel Barrymore	Marguerite De La Motte
cast member	Swept from the Sea is a 1997 American drama film directed by Beeban Kidron and starring Vincent Perez, Rachel Weisz, and Ian McKellen.	Swept from the Sea	Rachel Weisz	Ian McKellen
cast member	National Lampoon's Senior Trip is a 1995 American teen comedy film directed by Kelly Makin and is also Jeremy Renner's debut role.	National Lampoon's Senior Trip	Jeremy Renner
cast member	The Morals of Marcus is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Miles Mander and starring Lupe Vélez, Ian Hunter and Adrianne Allen.	The Morals of Marcus	Lupe Vélez	Ian Hunter	Adrianne Allen
cast member	The Legend of Bloody Mary is a 2008 American horror-thriller film written by John Stecenko and Dominick R. Domingo, directed by Stecenko and starring Paul Preiss, Nicole Aiken and Caitlin Wachs.	The Legend of Bloody Mary	Paul Preiss	Caitlin Wachs
cast member	Crazy for Love (French: Le Trou normand) is a 1952 French comedy film starring Bourvil and, in one of her first appearances, Brigitte Bardot.	Crazy for Love	Bourvil	Brigitte Bardot
cast member	A Gentleman After Dark is a 1942 crime/drama film starring Brian Donlevy and Miriam Hopkins.	A Gentleman After Dark	Brian Donlevy	Miriam Hopkins
cast member	The Steel Trap is a 1952 thriller film noir written and directed by Andrew L. Stone, and starring Joseph Cotten and Teresa Wright.	The Steel Trap	Joseph Cotten	Teresa Wright
cast member	Target for Tonight is a 1941 British documentary film billed as filmed and acted by the Royal Air Force, all while under fire.	Target for Tonight	Royal Air Force
cast member	A Way of Life is a British film released in 2004 starring Stephanie James and Brenda Blethyn.	A Way of Life	Stephanie James	Brenda Blethyn
cast member	The Son of Monte Cristo is a 1940 American Adventure film produced by Edward Small, directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Louis Hayward, Joan Bennett, and George Sanders.	The Son of Monte Cristo	Louis Hayward	Joan Bennett	George Sanders
cast member	Rachel Getting Married is a 2008 comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Demme, and starring Anne Hathaway, Rosemarie DeWitt, Bill Irwin and Debra Winger.	Rachel Getting Married	Anne Hathaway	Rosemarie DeWitt	Bill Irwin	Debra Winger
cast member	The Hired Hand is a 1971 American western film directed by Peter Fonda, with a screenplay by Alan Sharp.	The Hired Hand	Peter Fonda
cast member	The Missouri Breaks is a 1976 American western film starring Marlon Brando and Jack Nicholson.	The Missouri Breaks	Marlon Brando	Jack Nicholson
cast member	It's a Bet is a 1935 British comedy drama film directed by Alexander Esway and starring Gene Gerrard, Helen Chandler and Judy Kelly.	It's a Bet	Gene Gerrard
cast member	If nothing else, Grown Ups 2 will go down as the only film in history to find room for Steve Buscemi alongside ''Stone Cold`` Steve Austin.''	Grown Ups 2	Stone Cold`` Steve Austin
cast member	For Those I Loved (French: Au nom de tous les miens) is a drama film from 1983 with Michael York, about a Polish Jewish Holocaust survivor who emigrated to the USA in 1946.	For Those I Loved	Michael York
cast member	For Angela stars Tina Keeper as Rhonda Gordon.	For Angela	Tina Keeper
cast member	To the Shores of Tripoli is a 1942 American Technicolor film starring John Payne, Maureen O'Hara and Randolph Scott.	To the Shores of Tripoli	John Payne	Maureen O'Hara	Randolph Scott
cast member	Escape from Hong Kong Island (墨斗先生) is a 2004 black comedy film made in Hong Kong, directed by Simon Lui, and starring Jordan Chan.	Escape from Hong Kong Island	Jordan Chan
cast member	With the Enemy's Help is a 1912 American short silent Western film directed by Wilfred Lucas, starring Blanche Sweet and Mary Pickford.	With the Enemy's Help	Blanche Sweet	Mary Pickford
cast member	My Friend Pinto is a 2011 Bollywood film shot directed by Raaghav Dar and produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and starring Prateik Babbar, Kalki Koechlin, Arjun Mathur, Shruti Seth, Makrand Deshpande, Raj Zutshi and Divya Dutta.	My Friend Pinto	Prateik Babbar	Kalki Koechlin	Arjun Mathur	Shruti Seth	Divya Dutta
cast member	Filmed from March to June 1966 and premiering in December, Thunderbirds Are Go includes, in a first for an AP Films production, cameo appearances from puppets of real-life celebrities Cliff Richard and The Shadows, who also contributed to the musical score.	Thunderbirds Are Go	Cliff Richard	The Shadows
cast member	The Watcher in the Woods is a 1980 American horror film directed by John Hough, and starring Bette Davis, Carroll Baker, Lynn-Holly Johnson, Kyle Richards, and David McCallum.	The Watcher in the Woods	Bette Davis	Carroll Baker	Lynn-Holly Johnson	Kyle Richards	David McCallum
cast member	The Black Ninja is a 2003 American martial arts action film written, directed and starring Clayton Prince, and featuring Carla Brothers, Nicky DeMatteo, Yuki Matsuzaki, Heather Hunter, John Canada Terrell and Michael Chance.	The Black Ninja	Yuki Matsuzaki	Heather Hunter	Michael Chance
cast member	For Her Boy's Sake is a 1913 American silent short romantic drama directed by starring William Garwood, Victory Bateman, James Cruze, William Russell and Marguerite Snow.	For Her Boy's Sake	William Garwood	Victory Bateman	James Cruze	William Russell	Marguerite Snow
cast member	Bathing Beauty is a 1944 musical starring Red Skelton, Basil Rathbone and Esther Williams and directed by George Sidney.	Bathing Beauty	Red Skelton	Basil Rathbone	Esther Williams
cast member	Addhuri (Kannada: ಅದ್ಧೂರಿ) is a 2012 Kannada romantic film starring Dhruva Sarja, in his debut, and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles.	Addhuri	Radhika Pandit
cast member	Apasionados (English: Passionate People) is a 2002 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Juan José Jusid, starring Pablo Echarri, Nancy Dupláa and Natalia Verbeke.	Apasionados	Pablo Echarri	Nancy Dupláa	Natalia Verbeke
cast member	Les joueurs, is a French comedy film from 1950, directed by Claude Barma, and starring Louis de Funès.	Les joueurs	Louis de Funès
cast member	Here Comes the Groom is a 1951 musical romantic comedy film produced and directed by Frank Capra and starring Bing Crosby and Jane Wyman.	Here Comes the Groom	Bing Crosby	Jane Wyman
cast member	How the War Started on My Island (Croatian: Kako je počeo rat na mom otoku) is a 1996 Croatian black comedy film directed by Vinko Brešan and starring Vlatko Dulić, Ljubomir Kerekeš, Ivan Brkić, Predrag Vušović, Ivica Vidović, Božidar Orešković and Matija Prskalo.	How the War Started on My Island	Vlatko Dulić	Ljubomir Kerekeš	Ivica Vidović	Matija Prskalo
cast member	Ishqedarriyaan ( English: River of love) is 2015 Bollywood Romantic film directed by V. K. Prakash and produced by Rajesh Banga, starring Mahaakshay Chakraborty, Evelyn Sharma and Mohit Dutta.	Ishqedarriyaan	Mahaakshay Chakraborty
cast member	The title character of Beat Girl was played by starlet Gillian Hills, who later went on to have numerous small roles in 1960s and 1970s films, such as Blowup and A Clockwork Orange, and became a successful ``ye-ye'' singer in France.	Beat Girl	Gillian Hills
cast member	The Frozen Limits is a 1939 British comedy western film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Jimmy Nervo, Bud Flanagan, Teddy Knox, Chesney Allen and Charlie Naughton a group of entertainers commonly known as The Crazy Gang.	The Frozen Limits	Bud Flanagan
cast member	Human Hounds is a 1916 American silent comedy film starring Oliver Hardy.	Human Hounds	Oliver Hardy
cast member	April Snow (Hangul: 외출; RR: Oechul; lit. ``Outing'' or ``Going Out'') is a 2005 South Korean romantic drama film co-written and directed by Hur Jin-ho, starring Bae Yong-joon and Son Ye-jin.	April Snow	Bae Yong-joon
cast member	Sending of Flowers (French:Envoi de fleurs) is a 1950 French historical drama film directed by Jean Stelli and starring Tino Rossi, Micheline Francey and Jean Brochard.	Sending of Flowers	Tino Rossi	Micheline Francey	Jean Brochard
cast member	Little Miss Millions, also known as Home for Christmas, is a 1993 American comedy film directed by Jim Wynorski and starring Jennifer Love Hewitt.	Little Miss Millions	Jennifer Love Hewitt
cast member	Inside the Lines is a 1930 American Pre-Code spy drama film starring Betty Compson, Ralph Forbes, and Mischa Auer.	Inside the Lines	Betty Compson	Ralph Forbes
cast member	Fraternity Vacation is a 1985 low-budget American sex comedy starring Stephen Geoffreys as a nerdy pledge to the Theta Pi Gamma fraternity at Iowa State, with Tim Robbins and Cameron Dye as Theta Pi Gamma frat boys (or, as they are known to their Iowa State frat rivals, ``Theta Pigs'').	Fraternity Vacation	Stephen Geoffreys	Tim Robbins
cast member	Circus of Fear (German: Das Rätsel des silbernen Dreieck, or Circus of Terror) is a 1966 Anglo-German international co-production thriller film starring Christopher Lee, Suzy Kendall, Cecil Parker, Klaus Kinski and Victor Maddern.	Circus of Fear	Christopher Lee	Suzy Kendall	Cecil Parker	Klaus Kinski	Victor Maddern
cast member	Nerkku Nere is a 2004 Indian Malayalam film, directed by PN Menon, starring Nedumudi Venu and Kalpana in the lead role.	Nerkku Nere	Nedumudi Venu
cast member	The Flirting Husband is a 1912 American short silent comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Ford Sterling.	The Flirting Husband	Mabel Normand	Ford Sterling
cast member	Why Get a Divorce? (German:Warum sich scheiden lassen?) is a 1926 German silent comedy film directed by Manfred Noa and starring André Mattoni, Vivian Gibson and Colette Brettel.	Why Get a Divorce?	André Mattoni
cast member	Come Back, Charleston Blue is a 1972 film starring Godfrey Cambridge and Raymond St. Jacques, loosely based on Chester Himes' novel The Heat's On.	Come Back, Charleston Blue	Godfrey Cambridge	Raymond St. Jacques
cast member	Jacqueline Sassard - Guendalina Raf Mattioli - Oberdan Sylva Koscina - Francesca, Guendalina's mother Raf Vallone - Guido, Guendalina's father Leda Gloria - Oberdan's mother Lili Cerasoli - Bianchina Fanny Landini Loretta Capitoli Leonardo Botta Antonio Mambretti - Businessman Flavia Solivani Tonino Cianci Enzo Cerusico - Postman Giancarlo Cobelli - Barber Decimo Cristiani	Guendalina	Jacqueline Sassard	Raf Mattioli	Sylva Koscina	Raf Vallone	Leda Gloria	Lili Cerasoli	Enzo Cerusico	Giancarlo Cobelli
cast member	They Just Had to Get Married is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Edward Ludwig and starring Slim Summerville, ZaSu Pitts, Roland Young, and Verree Teasdale.	They Just Had to Get Married	Slim Summerville
cast member	Ratnamala Chilakalapudi Seetha Rama Anjaneyulu Govindarajula Subba Rao Suryanarayana Hemalatha Aarani Satyanarayana Sitaram Akkineni Nageswara Rao	Ratnamala	Govindarajula Subba Rao
cast member	Gair is a 1999 Indian Hindi action crime drama film starring Ajay Devgn, Raveena Tandon, Reena Roy, Amrish Puri and Paresh Rawal in main lead roles directed by Ashok Gaikwad.	Gair	Raveena Tandon	Reena Roy	Amrish Puri	Paresh Rawal
cast member	Specimens of Beauty is a documentary about the rock band Phish recording their 2004 album Undermind.	Specimens of Beauty	Phish
cast member	Uttar Falguni was a 1963 Bengali drama film directed by Asit Sen, starring Suchitra Sen in a double role, Bikash Roy and Dilip Mukherjee.	Uttar Falguni	Suchitra Sen
cast member	Melevaryathe Malakhakkuttikal (Malayalam: മേലേവാര്യത്തെ മാലാഖക്കുട്ടികൾ) is a 2000 Malayalam language film directed by Thulasidas, starring Balachandra Menon, Geetha, Abhirami and Jomol in major roles.	Melevaryathe Malakhakkuttikal	Balachandra Menon
cast member	Fatal Games (also known as Olympic Nightmare and The Killing Touch) is a 1984 slasher film written and directed by Michael Elliott and starring Sally Kirkland, Lynn Banashek, Sean Masterson, Michael O'Leary, Teal Roberts, and Spice Williams-Crosby.	Fatal Games	Sean Masterson	Michael O'Leary	Spice Williams-Crosby
cast member	Sir or Madam (German: Ossi hat die Hosen an) is a 1928 British-German silent comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Margot Armand, Percy Marmont and Ossi Oswalda.	Sir or Madam	Percy Marmont	Ossi Oswalda
cast member	Jill Rips is a 2000 film directed by Anthony Hickox starring Dolph Lundgren, based on a 1987 novel by Scottish writer Frederic Lindsay.	Jill Rips	Dolph Lundgren
child	In Norse mythology, Aurboða (Old Norse ``gravel-bidder'' or ``gravel-offerer'') is a mountain jötunn, wife to the jötunn Gymir, and mother of Gerðr.	Aurboða	Gerðr
child	Uwe Ochsenknecht was married to Natascha Ochsenknecht and has three children with her: sons Wilson Gonzales Ochsenknecht (born 18 March 1990) and Jimi Blue Ochsenknecht (born 27 December 1991) and daughter, Cheyenne Savannah Ochsenknecht (born 13 January 2000).	Uwe Ochsenknecht	Jimi Blue Ochsenknecht
child	Manco Cápac, and later his son and successor Sinchi Roca would often have to defend the city against the other tribes.	Manco Cápac	Sinchi Roca
child	Arnao de Flandes the Younger, is sometimes confused with his father and worked on Seville Cathedral between 1534 and 1557; the Arnao de Vergara, produced windows for Seville Cathedral (1525--1538), Astorga Cathedral (1525--1528) and the Monastery of Saint Jerome (1544--1550).	Arnao de Flandes	Arnao de Vergara
child	Nicholas Brown, Sr. (July 26, 1729 -- May 29, 1791) was a Providence, Rhode Island merchant who co-founded the College in the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, which was renamed Brown University after Brown's son Nicholas Brown, Jr. in 1804.	Nicholas Brown, Sr.	Nicholas Brown, Jr.
child	Gwynllyw supposedly had other children also saints Cynidr, Bugi and Egwine.	Gwynllyw	Cynidr
child	The Queen's children included Prince Isarasundhorn, later King Buddha Loetla Nabhalai (Rama II) (whom the King appointed as Front Palace after the death of Maha Sura Singhanat in 1803), Prince Maha Senanurak and Prince Maha Sakdi Polsep.	Rama I	Buddha Loetla Nabhalai	Maha Senanurak
child	Jean-Pierre Cluysenaar was the father of the painter Alfred Cluysenaar.	Jean-Pierre Cluysenaar	Alfred Cluysenaar
child	Maria Cole (née Hawkins; August 1, 1922 -- July 10, 2012) was an American jazz singer and the wife of singer Nat King Cole; mother of the singer Natalie Cole.	Maria Cole	Natalie Cole
child	Zhu Ju and Sun Luyu's daughter, Empress Zhu, married Sun Xiu.	Zhu Ju	Empress Zhu
child	Júlia da Silva Bruhns (14 August 1851 -- 11 March 1923) was the wife of the Lübeck senator and grain merchant Johann Heinrich Mann, and mother of writers Thomas Mann and Heinrich Mann.	Júlia da Silva Bruhns	Heinrich Mann	Thomas Mann
child	More importantly, a granite architrave with the cartouches of Hor and his successor Sekhemrekhutawy Khabaw in close juxtaposition was uncovered in Tanis, in the Nile Delta.	Hor	Sekhemrekhutawy Khabaw
child	Sir John Stewart of Bonkyll (died 22 July 1298) was a son of Alexander Stewart, 4th High Steward of Scotland.	John Stewart of Bonkyll	Alexander Stewart
child	Manoah and his wife were the parents of famous judge Samson.	Manoah	Samson
child	Carmine Coppola (June 11, 1910 -- April 26, 1991) was an American composer, flautist, editor, musical director, and songwriter who contributed original music to The Godfather, The Godfather Part II, Apocalypse Now, and The Godfather Part III, all directed by his son Francis Ford Coppola.	Carmine Coppola	Francis Ford Coppola
conflict	USS Bermuda (1861) was a large steamer captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Bermuda (1861)	American Civil War
conflict	Johannes Limbach (9 December 1912 in Uerdingen -- 6 March 1993 in Düsseldorf) was a German U-boat 1st officer in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Johannes Limbach	World War II
conflict	The 14th Indian Division was formed during World War I, for service in the Mesopotamia Campaign.	14th Indian Division	World War I
conflict	First Lieutenant Lloyd Andrews Hamilton (13 June 1894 -- 24 August 1918) was a World War I flying ace credited with ten aerial victories.	Lloyd Andrews Hamilton	World War I
conflict	Walter Käding (14 September 1915 in Berlin -- 4 January 1991 in Bremen) was a German watch officer and coxswain on a U-boat in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Walter Käding	World War II
conflict	The STEN (or Sten gun) was a family of British submachine guns chambered in 9×19mm and used extensively by British and Commonwealth forces throughout World War II and the Korean War.	Sten	World War II
conflict	Nikolaos Mykonios (Greek: Νικόλαος Μυκώνιος, November 6, 1803 - March 21, 1890) was a fighter of the Greek War of Independence and later an officer of the Greek army.	Nikolaos Mykonios	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Jacob Ammen (January 7, 1806 -- February 6, 1894) was a college professor, civil engineer, and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Jacob Ammen	American Civil War
conflict	William Madden (born 1843) was a coal heaver in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role during the American Civil War.	William Madden	American Civil War
conflict	Hauptmann (Captain) Friedrich-Karl Burckhardt was a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.	Friedrich-Karl Burckhardt	World War I
conflict	George R. Klare (1922--2006) was a World War II veteran and a distinguished professor of psychology and dean at Ohio University.	George R. Klare	World War II
conflict	Heinz-Georg Lemm (1 June 1919 -- 17 November 1994) was a German soldier who fought in the 12th Infantry Division during World War II and later served in the Bundeswehr, the post-war West German armed forces.	Heinz-Georg Lemm	World War II
conflict	Walter Zellot (6 October 1920 -- 10 September 1942) was a World War II fighter ace from Germany.	Walter Zellot	World War II
conflict	Marina Ginestà i Coloma (29 January 1919 -- 6 January 2014) was a French veteran of the Spanish Civil War, who was a member of the Unified Socialist Youth.	Marina Ginestà	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Hans Drexel (12 November 1919 -- 12 April 1962) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Hans Drexel	World War II
conflict	Brigadier James Roderick Sinclair, 19th Earl of Caithness CBE, DSO, GH (29 September 1906 -- 1965) was a distinguished British Army officer during World War II and was also chief of Clan Sinclair.	Roderick Sinclair, 19th Earl of Caithness	World War II
conflict	Captain Lillian Kinkella Keil (November 17, 1916 -- June 30, 2005) was a highly decorated American World War II and Korean War flight nurse.	Lillian Kinkella Keil	World War II	Korean War
conflict	James Henry Carleton (December 27, 1814 -- January 7, 1873) was an officer in the U.S. Army and a Union general during the American Civil War.	James Henry Carleton	American Civil War
conflict	Nannasaddie (fl. 1872--1875) was an Apache Indian scout in the U.S. Army who served under Lieutenant Colonel George Crook during the Apache Wars.	Nannasaddie	Apache Wars
conflict	The 1st Moroccan Infantry Division (French: 1e division d'infanterie marocaine, 1e DIM) was a French Army formation during World War I and World War II.	1st Moroccan Infantry Division	World War I
conflict	Louis de Sancerre (1341 or 1342 -- 6 February 1404) was a Marshal of France and Constable of France during the Hundred Years War.	Louis de Sancerre	Hundred Years War
conflict	Emory Jenison Pike (December 18, 1876 -- September 16, 1918) was a United States Army officer during World War I who earned the Medal of Honor for his actions at Vandieres, France on September 15, 1918.	Emory Jenison Pike	World War I
conflict	Olivier Macoux Rivaud de la Raffinière (born 10 February 1766 in Civray, Vienne; died 19 December 1839 in Angoulême) was a French infantry commander during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Olivier Macoux Rivaud de la Raffinière	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Wilhelm Meisel (4 November 1891 -- 7 September 1974) was an Admiral of the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Wilhelm Meisel	World War II
conflict	Flight Commander Arnold Jacques Chadwick, DSC was a Canadian-born World War I flying ace credited with 11 aerial victories.	Arnold Jacques Chadwick	World War I
conflict	Squadron Leader Leonard Henry Rochford DSC*, DFC (10 November 1896 -- 17 December 1986) was a British World War I flying ace credited with twenty-nine aerial victories.	Leonard Henry Rochford	World War I
constellation	Nu Serpentis (ν Ser, ν Serpentis) is a binary star in the constellation Serpens.	Nu Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	NGC 613 is a barred spiral galaxy located some 67 million light years away in the southern constellation of Sculptor.	NGC 613	Sculptor
constellation	The Cassiopeia Dwarf (also known as Andromeda VII) is a dwarf spheroidal galaxy about 2.58 Mly away in the constellation Cassiopeia.	Cassiopeia Dwarf	Andromeda
constellation	16 Comae Berenices (16 Com) is a star in the constellation Coma Berenices.	16 Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	Kepler-186 is a main-sequence M1-type dwarf star, located 151 ± 18 parsecs (492 ± 59 light years) away in the constellation of Cygnus.	Kepler-186	Cygnus
constellation	Theta Arietis (θ Ari, θ Arietis) is the Bayer designation )for a star in the northern constellation of Aries.	Theta Arietis	Aries
constellation	Gliese 1 is a red dwarf in the constellation Sculptor, which is found in the southern celestial hemisphere.	Gliese 1	Sculptor
constellation	The Medusa Nebula is a large planetary nebula in the constellation of Gemini on the Canis Minor border.	Medusa Nebula	Gemini
constellation	74 Virginis (74 Vir) is a star in the constellation Virgo.	74 Virginis	Virgo
constellation	AA Tauri is a young star in the constellation of Taurus, located in the young Taurus-Auriga Star Forming Region, roughly at 460 light years away from the Sun.	AA Tauri	Taurus
constellation	HD 187085 is a yellow main sequence star about 147 light-years away in the constellation Sagittarius.	HD 187085	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 5752 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes, member of Arp 297 interacting galaxies group of four galaxies:	NGC 5752	Boötes
constellation	Beta Sextantis (β Sex, β Sextantis) is a variable star in the constellation Sextans.	Beta Sextantis	Sextans
constellation	SSSPM J1549-3544 is a star in the constellation Lupus with high proper motion.	SSSPM J1549-3544	Lupus
constellation	NGC 6570 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Ophiuchus.	NGC 6570	Ophiuchus
constellation	Zeta Virginis (ζ Vir, ζ Virginis) is a star in the zodiac constellation of Virgo.	Zeta Virginis	Virgo
constellation	NGC 2748 is a 12th magnitude spiral galaxy in the constellation Camelopardalis.	NGC 2748	Camelopardalis
constellation	R Coronae Borealis itself normally shines at approximately magnitude 6, just about visible to the naked eye, in the constellation of Corona Borealis, but at intervals of several months to many years fades to as faint as magnitude 14.	R Coronae Borealis	Corona Borealis
constellation	Kepler-62 is a star somewhat cooler and smaller than the Sun in the constellation Lyra, 1,200 light years from Earth.	Kepler-62	Lyra
constellation	HD 8535 b (also known as HIP 6511 b) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type main sequence star HD 8535, located approximately 171 light years away in the constellation Phoenix.	HD 8535 b	Phoenix
constellation	NGC 4571 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation of Coma Berenices that William Herschel thought it could be the object #91 in Charles Messier' catalog of deep-sky objects, before nearly two centuries later that object was determined to be the nearby barred spiral galaxy NGC 4548.	NGC 4571	Coma Berenices
constellation	WISEPC J150649.97+702736.0 (designation abbreviated to WISE 1506+7027, or WISE J1506+7027) is a brown dwarf of spectral class T6, located in constellation Ursa Minor.	WISE 1506+7027	Ursa Minor
constellation	VX Sagittarii is a late-type red supergiant or hypergiant pulsating variable star located more than 1.5 kiloparsec away from the Sun in the constellation of Sagittarius.	VX Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	94 Aquarii (abbreviated 94 Aqr) is a triple star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	94 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Messier 54 (also known as M54 or NGC 6715) is a globular cluster in the constellation Sagittarius.	Messier 54	Sagittarius
constellation	Phi Capricorni (φ Cap, φ Capricorni) is a star in the constellation Capricornus.	Phi Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	64 Arietis (abbreviated 64 Ari) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries.	64 Arietis	Aries
constellation	HD 37519 is star in the northern constellation Auriga.	HD 37519	Auriga
constellation	Zeta Arietis (ζ Ari, ζ Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries.	Zeta Arietis	Aries
constellation	HD 190647 is a yellow subgiant star located approximately 177 light years away in the constellation of Sagittarius.	HD 190647	Sagittarius
constellation	17 Crateris (17 Crt) is a star in the constellation Hydra.	17 Crateris	Hydra
constellation	Struve 2398 (Gliese 725) is a binary star system in the constellation Draco.	Struve 2398	Draco
constellation	HD 1461 b is an extrasolar planet, orbiting the 6th magnitude G-type star HD 1461, 76 light years away in the constellation Cetus.	HD 1461 b	Cetus
constellation	NGC 5890 is an unbarred lenticular galaxy in the constellation Libra.	NGC 5890	Libra
constellation	4 Ursae Majoris (sometimes abbreviated 4 Uma) is the Flamsteed designation of a star in the northern circumpolar constellation of Ursa Major.	4 Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 88133 is an 8th magnitude star in the constellation of Leo.	HD 88133	Leo
constellation	HD 154088 is a seventh magnitude metal-rich K-type main sequence star that lies approximately 58 light-years away in the constellation of Ophiuchus.	HD 154088	Ophiuchus
continent	Fisher Bastion (78°21′S 162°31′E) is a high rectangular massif, 2,650 metres (8,700 ft) high, between the upper reaches of Potter Glacier and Foster Glacier, 4.5 nautical miles (8 km) southeast of Mount Huggins in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Fisher Bastion	Antarctica
continent	Arrival Heights are clifflike heights which extend in a north-east--south-west direction along the west side of Hut Point Peninsula, just north of Hut Point in Ross Island, Antarctica.	Arrival Heights	Antarctica
continent	Between Russian Hill and North Beach is San Francisco's Chinatown, the oldest Chinatown in North America.	San Francisco	North America
continent	Mount Goossens (71°19′S 35°44′E) is a largely bare rock massif, 2,200 metres (7,200 ft) high, standing next south of Mount Pierre in the Queen Fabiola Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Goossens	Antarctica
continent	Sotos Point is a glaciated point projecting 180 m into the southeast part of Discovery Bay, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and forming the east side of the entrance to Montecinos Cove (62°29′57``S 59°40′59''W).	Sotos Point	Antarctica
continent	Edinburgh, the country's capital and second-largest city, was the hub of the Scottish Enlightenment of the 18th century, which transformed Scotland into one of the commercial, intellectual, and industrial powerhouses of Europe.	Scotland	Europe
continent	Heiser Ridge (83°50′S 57°9′W) is a narrow rock ridge, 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, midway between the West Prongs and Hudson Ridge in the Neptune Range of the Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica.	Heiser Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Miller Butte (72°42′S 160°15′E) is a large rock butte located 2 nautical miles (4 km) southeast of Roberts Butte in the Outback Nunataks of Antarctica.	Miller Butte	Antarctica
continent	Aim Rocks is a group of rocks lying east of Cape Timblón in the middle of Morton Strait in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Aim Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Krakken Hill (71°57′S 26°14′E) is a rocky hill standing in Byrdbreen, 5 nautical miles (9 km) east of Bautaen Peak in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica.	Krakken Hill	Antarctica
continent	Neptune Glacier (71°44′S 68°17′W) is a glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica, 12 nautical miles (22 km) long and 4 nautical miles (7 km) wide, flowing east into George VI Sound and the George VI Ice Shelf to the south of Triton Point.	Neptune Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Bacho Kiro Peak (Bulgarian: връх Бачо Киро, ``Vrah Bacho Kiro'' \'vr&h 'ba-cho 'ki-ro\) is the rocky, partly ice-free peak rising to 1500 m between Woodbury Glacier and Montgolfier Glacier on Danco Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Bacho Kiro Peak	Antarctica
continent	Hageman Peak (71°43′S 70°48′W) is a montane landform pinnacle rising to about 940 metres (3,100 ft) at the northwest end of the Staccato Peaks in southern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Hageman Peak	Antarctica
continent	New Mountain is a mountain in Antarctica.	New Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Cape Whitson, is a headland on the south coast of Laurie Island, the easternmost and second largest of the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Cape Whitson	Antarctica
continent	Gamble Glacier (81°6′S 156°45′E) is a glacier flowing northwest from Chapman Snowfield, and located between Green Nunatak at the southwest and Keating Massif at the northeast, in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Gamble Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Lorn Rocks (65°31′S 64°56′W) are a group of rocks lying 12 nautical miles (22 km) west of the north end of Lahille Island, in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica.	Lorn Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Woodgyer Peak (81°13′S 156°20′E) is a peak above 2000 m in the Wallabies Nunataks, west of the Churchill Mountains in Antarctica.	Woodgyer Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Furman Bluffs (74°6′S 113°53′W) are a line of steep ice bluffs that form the southeast side of Philbin Inlet on Martin Peninsula, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Furman Bluffs	Antarctica
continent	Napier Peak is the partly ice-free peak rising to 380 m on Hurd Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Napier Peak	Antarctica
continent	Tatul Island (Bulgarian: остров Татул, ``Ostrov Tatul'' \'os-trov ta-'tul\) is a triangular ice-free island off the north coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Tatul Island	Antarctica
continent	Dotson Ice Shelf is an ice shelf about 30 miles (50 km) wide between Martin Peninsula and Bear Peninsula on the coast of Marie Byrd Land in Antarctica.	Dotson Ice Shelf	Antarctica
continent	Brown Range or Sørtindane Peaks is a group of seven peaks in Framnes Mountains about 4 km south of Mount Twintop in Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Brown Range	Antarctica
continent	Ant Hill (78°47′S 161°27′E) is a hill on Antarctica, 1,310 metres (4,300 ft) high, rising steeply on the west side of the Skelton Glacier between Ant Hill Glacier and Dilemma Glacier.	Ant Hill	Antarctica
continent	Stoker Island is a rocky island lying off the north coast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Stoker Island	Antarctica
continent	Drong Hill (Bulgarian: хълм Дронг, ``Halm Drong'' \'h&lm 'drong\) is the double rocky hill rising to 179 m in the northwest extremity of Dospey Heights on Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Drong Hill	Antarctica
continent	Havstein Island is a rocky island, 6 km (3 nmi) long and 4 km (2 nmi) wide, situated 3 km (1.5 nmi) north of Law Promontory and 2 km (1 nmi) east of Broka Island, in Antarctica.	Havstein Island	Antarctica
continent	Gadarene Lake (71°24′S 67°35′W) is a meltwater lake 1 nautical mile (2 km) long in the ice shelf of George VI Sound, lying below Swine Hill with its eastern shore bounding the exposed rocks of the west coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Gadarene Lake	Antarctica
continent	Stackpole Rocks is a group of rocks, the largest of them linked by a spit to the east extremity of South Beaches in Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Stackpole Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Torgersen Island is a small rocky island lying just east of Litchfield Island in the entrance to Arthur Harbour, off the south-west coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Torgersen Island	Antarctica
continent	Landing Bluff is a rock mass in Antarctica with a steep slope on the eastern side, with several small outcrops just to the south-west.	Landing Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Patriot Hills (80°20′S 81°25′W) is a line of rock hills 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, located 3 nautical miles (6 km) east of the north end of Independence Hills in Horseshoe Valley, Heritage Range, Western Antarctica.	Patriot Hills	Antarctica
continent	The Lajarte Islands (64°14′S 63°24′W) are a group of islands fringing the north coast of Anvers Island, close west of Cape Grönland and 1.5 km east-northeast of Lapteva Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Lajarte Islands	Antarctica
continent	Bogdan Ridge (Rid Bogdan \'rid 'bog-dan\) is a conspicuous rocky ridge of elevation 440 m forming the northeast extremity of Breznik Heights, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Bogdan Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Hourihan Glacier (80°8′S 158°45′E) is a glacier draining the south slopes of Ward Tower in the Britannia Range, Antarctica, and flowing southeast to Merrick Glacier.	Hourihan Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Cape Goldie (82°38′S 165°54′E) is a cape at the south side of the mouth of Robb Glacier, overlooking the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Cape Goldie	Antarctica
continent	Cape Goodenough (66°16′S 126°10′E) is an ice-covered cape marking the west side of the entrance to Porpoise Bay and forming the northernmost projection of Norths Highland in Antarctica.	Cape Goodenough	Antarctica
continent	Hudson Ridge (83°47′S 56°39′W) is a narrow rock ridge 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, lying 4 nautical miles (7 km) north of Heiser Ridge in the Neptune Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Hudson Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Intuition Peak (Vrah Intuitsiya \'vr&h in-tu-'i-tsi-ya\) is a sharp Antarctic peak of elevation 780 m in Levski Ridge, Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Intuition Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lunde (66°58′S 50°28′E) is a mountain ridge close south of Mount Gleadell, in the western part of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Mount Lunde	Antarctica
continent	MacAlpine Hills (84°13′S 160°30′E) are a chain of mainly ice-free, bluff-type hills in Antarctica, extending from Mount Achernar southwestwards along the south side of Law Glacier, to Sylwester Glacier.	MacAlpine Hills	Antarctica
continent	The Hobbs Islands are a group of islands 19 kilometres (10 nmi) northeast of William Scoresby Bay, Antarctica.	Hobbs Islands	Antarctica
continent	Oates Land is a wedge-shaped segment of East Antarctica stretching along and inland from the Oates Coast.	Oates Land	Antarctica
continent	Radomir Knoll (Radomirska Mogila \'ra-do-mir-ska mo-'gi-la\) rises to approximately 300 m in Prespa Glacier, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Radomir Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Cerro Torre is one of the mountains of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in South America.	Cerro Torre	South America
continent	Andersson Peak (64°52′S 61°2′W) is an ice-capped peak, 1,230 metres (4,040 ft) high, with rocky exposures on its east side, lying 9 nautical miles (17 km) north of Cape Fairweather on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Andersson Peak	Antarctica
continent	Varshets Saddle (Bulgarian: седловина Вършец, ``Sedlovina Varshets'' \se-dlo-vi-'na v&r-'shets\) is a saddle of elevation 1430 m in Imeon Range on Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica bounded by Antim Peak to the south-southwest and Slatina Peak to the east.	Varshets Saddle	Antarctica
continent	The Nakaya Islands are a small group of islands in Crystal Sound, about 18 km northeast of Cape Rey, Graham Land in Antarctica.	Nakaya Islands	Antarctica
continent	The Alligator Eyes (81°38′S 160°55′E) are two adjacent nunataks that rise to over 600 metres (2,000 ft) on the east side of Dickey Glacier in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Alligator Eyes	Antarctica
continent	Hayes Peak is a conical peak in Antarctica, that reaches 340 metres (1,120 ft) high, rising through the ice slopes 2 nautical miles (4 km) south of Cape Bruce and Oom Bay.	Hayes Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Marø Cliffs (79°4′S 28°30′W) are prominent rock cliffs standing southwest of Jeffries Glacier in the Theron Mountains of Antarctica.	Marø Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Also located on the Bürgenstock is Europe's tallest outdoor lift: the Hammetschwand Lift connects the beautiful scenic cliff path with the Hammetschwand vantage point, from where spectacular views of Lake Lucerne and the surrounding mountains are to be had.	Bürgenstock	Europe
continent	The Glover Hills (76°41′S 161°40′E) are prominent hills separating Atka Glacier and Baxter Glacier in the Convoy Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Glover Hills	Antarctica
continent	Gurney Point (71°0′S 67°27′W) is a small rocky mass overlooking George VI Sound, rising to 610 metres (2,000 ft) and marking the western extremity of the rock ridge separating Bertram Glacier and Ryder Glacier on the west coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Gurney Point	Antarctica
continent	Gardner Inlet (74°58′S 62°52′W) is a large, ice-filled inlet at the southwest side of Bowman Peninsula, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Gardner Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Frostlendet Valley is an ice-filled valley, about 15 miles (24 km) long, draining northeastward along the south side of Hogfonna Mountain, in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Frostlendet Valley	Antarctica
continent	Kainan Bay is an iceport which indents the front of the Ross Ice Shelf about 37 nautical miles (70 km) northeast of the northwestern end of Roosevelt Island, Antarctica.	Kainan Bay	Antarctica
continent	The Hall Nunataks (70°48′S 66°45′E) are a group of four nunataks about 6 nautical miles (11 km) east-southeast of Mount Bunt in the Aramis Range of the Prince Charles Mountains, Antarctica.	Hall Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Rayko Nunatak (Bulgarian: Райков нунатак, ``Raykov Nunatak'' \'ray-kov 'nu-na-tak\) is the rocky hill rising to 750 m in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, surmounting Diplock Glacier to the north and Zavera Snowfield to the southeast.	Rayko Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	West Aisle Ridge (78°20′S 163°12′E) in Antarctica is a named from the position of the ridge in a group of three ridges in relation to The Stage.	West Aisle Ridge	Antarctica
country	Lausi is a municipality (suco) in Aileu subdistrict, Aileu District, East Timor.	Lausi	East Timor
country	Courlevon is a former municipality in the district of See or du Lac in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Courlevon	Switzerland
country	Layi Seran (Persian: لايي سران‎, also Romanized as Lāyī Serān) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Layi Seran	Iran
country	Łętownica-Parcele (wɛntɔvˈnit͡sa parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łętownica-Parcele	Poland
country	Cross Cave (Slovene: Križna jama), also named Cold Cave under Cross Mountain (Mrzla jama pod Križno goro), is a cave located in the Lož Valley, Slovenia.	Cross Cave	Slovenia
country	Government High School Jhelum is an education institute of Jhelum District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Government High School Jhelum	Pakistan
country	In the United Kingdom, a Wildlife Liaison Officer is a specialist police officer tasked with combating wildlife crime, such as disturbance to native animals or the illegal import of endangered species or their by-products.	Wildlife Liaison Officer	United Kingdom
country	The Jungfernsee (translated ``Virgins Lake'') is north of Potsdam, Germany.	Jungfernsee	Germany
country	Ylivieska railway station is located in the town of Ylivieska in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland.	Ylivieska railway station	Finland
country	Bölüvlük (or Byulevlik) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bölüvlük	Azerbaijan
country	Sorikmarapi is highly vegetated stratovolcano on Sumatra island, Indonesia.	Sorikmarapi	Indonesia
country	Ca Bembo is a grade-listed sixteenth-century palazzo in the parish of San Trovaso in the sestiere of Dorsoduro in Venice, Italy, noteworthy for a particularly large garden.	Ca Bembo	Italy
country	The Hans Christian Andersen Museum is a museum dedicated to famous author Hans Christian Andersen in Odense, Denmark.	Hans Christian Andersen Museum	Denmark
country	Upper Hutt Railway Station is a suburban railway station serving central Upper Hutt, New Zealand.	Upper Hutt Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Bou Bernous is a village in the commune of Oum El Assel, in Tindouf Province, Algeria, located in a remote part of the Sahara Desert.	Bou Bernous	Algeria
country	The Guba mass grave is a mass grave site located in the town of Guba in northeastern Azerbaijan.	Guba mass grave	Azerbaijan
country	Kampiti is a town located in the Dori Department, in the Séno Province in the region of Sahel in Burkina Faso.	Kampiti	Burkina Faso
country	Diocese of Helsingør (Danish: Helsingør Stift) is diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Denmark.	Diocese of Helsingør	Denmark
country	The Berlin Wall was officially referred to as the ``Anti-Fascist Protective Wall'' (German: Antifaschistischer Schutzwall) by GDR authorities, implying that the NATO countries and West Germany in particular were ``fascists'' by GDR propaganda.	Berlin Wall	Germany
country	Malik Pur is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Malik Pur	Pakistan
country	Baisogala (Polish: Bejsagoła) is a small town in Lithuania.	Baisogala	Lithuania
country	Aipy (Ancient Greek: Αἶπυ) was an ancient city in Elis, Greece.	Aipy	Greece
country	Gradišče pri Vojniku (pronounced (ɡɾaˈdiːʃtʃɛ pɾi ˈʋoːi̯niku)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Gradišče pri Vojniku	Slovenia
country	Monfero Abbey (Galician: Mosteiro de San Fiz de Monfero; Spanish: Monasterio de Santa María de Monfero) is a former Cistercian monastery dedicated to Mary, Mother of Jesus, in the province of A Coruña in Galicia, Spain.	Monfero Abbey	Spain
country	The Pârâul de Câmpie River ( Hungarian: Ludas-patak ), also known as Luduș River or Zau de Câmpie River, is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Pârâul de Câmpie	Romania
country	Shebshi Mountains (8.5°N 11.75°E) is a mountain range in Adamawa State, northeastern Nigeria near the Cameroon border and between the Benue and Taraba rivers.	Shebshi Mountains	Nigeria
country	A Coruña Airport (IATA: LCG, ICAO: LECO), formerly known as Alvedro Airport, is the airport serving the Galician city of A Coruña in northwestern Spain.	A Coruña Airport	Spain
country	Ghazbaniyeh (Persian: غضبانيه‎, also Romanized as Ghaẕbānīyeh; also known as Raddeh-ye Ghaẕbānīyeh) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghazbaniyeh	Iran
country	Chida is a village in the Narowal District of Punjab province of Pakistan.	Chida	Pakistan
country	Barranco Glacier (once known as the Great Barranco Glacier) is near the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania, on the southwest slope of the peak and is a small remnant of an icecap which once crowned the top of Mount Kilimanjaro.	Barranco Glacier	Tanzania
country	Kehancha is a municipality in Kenya's Migori County.	Kehancha	Kenya
country	Novokodatskyi District (Ukrainian: Новокодацький район) is an urban district of the city of Dnipropetrovsk, in southern Ukraine.	Novokodatskyi District	Ukraine
country	Little Sugar Loaf, also called Giltspur Mountain (Irish: Giolspar, earlier name Beannach Bheag), is a hill in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Little Sugar Loaf	Ireland
country	Tapseok Station (Hangul: 탑석역; hanja: 塔石驛) is a station of the U Line in Yonghyeon-dong, Uijeongbu, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Tapseok Station	South Korea
country	Lake Yessey (Russian: Ессей) is a large freshwater lake in Krasnoyarsk Krai, north-central part of Russia.	Lake Yessey	Russia
country	Nokhvodabad (Persian: نخوداباد‎, also Romanized as Nokhvodābād; also known as Nokhodābād) is a village in Almalu Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nokhvodabad	Iran
country	Katchewanooka Lake is one of the Kawartha lakes in south-central Ontario, Canada.	Katchewanooka Lake	Canada
country	Kor Daraq (Persian: كردرق‎; also known as Gardaraq, Kar Darreh, Kordarreh, and Kyar-Dara) is a village in Guzal Darreh Rural District, Soltaniyeh District, Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kor Daraq	Iran
country	The Queen's School of Urban and Regional Planning (SURP) is a unit of the School of Graduate Studies and Research at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Queen's School of Urban and Regional Planning	Canada
country	Brasserie Thiriez is a small craft brewery located in Esquelbecq, a town in the Arrondissement of Dunkirk in the Nord département, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais région of France, quite close to the Belgian border.	Brasserie Thiriez	France
country	Honuba (also, Khonuba and Onoba) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Honuba	Azerbaijan
country	The International School of Kraków (ISK) -- a school in Lusina, Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland, belonging to the Polish Embassy of United States.	International School of Kraków	Poland
country	Baťa's Skyscraper, also known as Building No. 21 is a skyscraper in Zlín, Czech Republic.	Baťa's Skyscraper	Czech Republic
country	Averau (2,649m) is the highest mountain of the Nuvolau Group in the Dolomites, located in the Province of Belluno, northern Italy.	Averau	Italy
country	Varak Rud (Persian: ورکرود‎, also Romanized as Varaḵ Rūd) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Varak Rud	Iran
country	Karam Bal-e Faqir (Persian: كرمبل فقير‎, also Romanized as Karam Bal-e Faqīr; also known as Karambel and Karīm Bāl) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Karam Bal-e Faqir	Iran
country	Aurillac (Orlhac in Occitan) is a French commune, capital of the Cantal department, in the Auvergne region of south-central France, .	Aurillac	France
country	Nedre Romerike is the lower (southern) part of the Romerike traditional district in Akershus, Norway.	Nedre Romerike	Norway
country	The Azul mine is a mine in the north of Brazil in Pará.	Azul mine	Brazil
country	Astheim Charterhouse, also known as Marienbrück Charterhouse (German: Kloster or Kartause Astheim, also Kartause Marienbrück; Latin: Pons Mariae), was a Carthusian monastery, or charterhouse, in Astheim near Volkach in Kitzingen, Bavaria, Germany.	Astheim Charterhouse	Germany
country	Fjørtoft Church (Norwegian: Fjørtoft kyrkje) is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Fjørtoft Church	Norway
country	Kingsway College is a high school in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada, with a Seventh-day Adventist environment which encourages personal spiritual commitment and fosters academic excellence, physical fitness, sensitive service, and growth in employment and social skills.	Kingsway College	Canada
country	Vaberget Fortress (Swedish: Vabergets fästning) is a fortress located five kilometers west of Karlsborg Fortress, by lake Vättern, in Västergötland, Sweden.	Vaberget Fortress	Sweden
country	The Horns of Hattin (Hebrew: קרני חיטין‎, Karnei Hittin; Arabic: قرون حطين‎, Kurûn Hattîn) is an extinct volcano with twin peaks overlooking the plains of Hattin in the Lower Galilee, Israel.	Horns of Hattin	Israel
country	Uhlířské Janovice (German: Kohljanowitz) is a town in Kutná Hora District, Bohemia, in Czech Republic.	Uhlířské Janovice	Czech Republic
country	İstixana is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İstixana	Azerbaijan
country	Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park in the south-eastern corner of Spain, is Andalucia's largest coastal protected area, a wild and isolated landscape with some of Europe's most original geological features.	Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park	Spain
country	Kouvola is a town and municipality in southeastern Finland.	Kouvola	Finland
country	Pushchino (Russian: Пущино; IPA: (ˈpuɕːɪnə)) is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, an important scientific center of the Russian Academy of Sciences.	Pushchino	Russia
country	Bukovica Donja (Serbian Cyrillic: Буковица Доња) is a village in the City of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bukovica Donja	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tanquary Fiord Airport (IATA: JQ6, TC LID: CJQ6) is located at the southern side of Tanquary Fiord, Nunavut, Canada, close to the end of the fiord.	Tanquary Fiord Airport	Canada
country	Hleviše (pronounced (xlɛˈʋiːʃɛ)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hleviše	Slovenia
country	Piz Varuna (3,453 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps, located on the border between Italy and Switzerland.	Piz Varuna	Italy	Switzerland
country	The Petrodvorets Watch Factory (Russian: Петродворцовый часовой завод) is the oldest factory in Russia.	Petrodvorets Watch Factory	Russia
country	Worms Hauptbahnhof is, along with Worms Brücke station and Worms Pfeddersheim station, one of three operational passenger stations in the Rhenish Hesse city of Worms, Germany.	Worms Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Clayes (Breton: Kloued, Gallo: Claès) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Clayes	France
country	Aktion National Airport (IATA: PVK, ICAO: LGPZ) is an airport serving Preveza and Lefkada in Greece.	Aktion National Airport	Greece
country	Eišiškės ( pronunciation , Polish: Ejszyszki, Russian: Эйши́шки/Eishishki, Belarusian: Эйшы́шкі/Eishyshki, Yiddish: איישישאק‎/Eishyshok)) is a city in southeastern Lithuania on the border with Belarus.	Eišiškės	Lithuania
country	Putinza District is one of thirty-three districts of Yauyos Province, Lima Department, Peru.	Putinza District	Peru
country	Riddagshausen Abbey (Kloster Riddagshausen) was a Cistercian monastery just outside the city of Brunswick in Germany.	Riddagshausen Abbey	Germany
country	Kovalanpottal is a place located in Pazhanganatham near Madakulam in Madurai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kovalanpottal	India
country	The Aquaria KLCC is an oceanarium located beneath Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre within Kuala Lumpur City Centre in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Aquaria KLCC	Malaysia
country	Sde Eliyahu (Hebrew: שְׂדֵה אֵלִיָּהוּ, lit. Eliyahu Field) is a religious kibbutz in northern Israel.	Sde Eliyahu	Israel
country	Ovda Airport (Hebrew: נְמַל הַתְּעוּפָה עֻבְדָּה, Nemal HaTe'ufa Uvda; Arabic: مطار عوفدا‎) (IATA: VDA, ICAO: LLOV) is a military and civilian airport in Israel, located in the south of the country, about 60 km (37 mi) north of the city of Eilat.	Ovda Airport	Israel
country	Panguilemo Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Panguilemo, IATA: TLX, ICAO: SCTL) is a private use airport located near Talca, Maule, Chile.	Panguilemo Airport	Chile
country	Long Rapung is a former settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Rapung	Malaysia
country	Brtnice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbr̩tɲɪtsɛ); German: Pirnitz) is a town in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Brtnice	Czech Republic
country	Buelles is one of eight parishes (administrative divisions) in Peñamellera Baja, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Buelles	Spain
country	The money for the foundation is gathered through the sales of the Solstickan matchbox, which over the years have become the most well known and purchased matchbox in Sweden.	Solstickan	Sweden
country	University of Maroua or Université de Maroua is located in Maroua, Cameroon.	University of Maroua	Cameroon
country	The Sakeji School is a school near Kalene Hill in the remote Ikelenge District of northwest Zambia just north of Mwinilunga.	Sakeji School	Zambia
country	The Causapscal River (/koʊzɑːpskæl/) is a waterway located in the Matapedia Valley in Quebec, Canada.	Causapscal River	Canada
country	Seaquarium Beach (also called Sea Aquarium Beach) is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao, located to the south of Willemstad.	Seaquarium Beach	Curaçao
country	Střílky Castle (Czech: Hrad Střílky) is a ruined castle near the village of Střílky in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.	Střílky Castle	Czech Republic
country	Plavé Vozokany (Hungarian: Fakóvezekény) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Plavé Vozokany	Slovakia
country	Divalan (Persian: ديوالان‎, also Romanized as Dīvālān) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Divalan	Iran
country	Tidjikja (Arabic: تجكجة‎) is the capital of the Tagant region of central Mauritania, lying on the Tagant plateau.	Tidjikja	Mauritania
country	Mureybet (Arabic: مريبط‎) is a tell, or ancient settlement mound, located on the west bank of the Euphrates in Ar-Raqqah Governorate, northern Syria.	Mureybet	Syria
country	Maranatha Christian University, Indonesia, was founded on September 11, 1965 by the Christian scientific community in Bandung with the support of the Indonesia Christian Church and Pasundan Christian Church by the effort of the medical students of the Immanuel Christian Indonesian University.	Maranatha Christian University	Indonesia
country	Svino (pronounced (ˈsʋiːnɔ)) is a small village near Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Svino	Slovenia
country	Qermezdash (Persian: قرمزداش‎, also Romanized as Qermezdāsh) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qermezdash	Iran
country	Saalkreis was a district (Kreis) in the south of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Saalkreis	Germany
country	The Dux de Lux (Latin: Masters of the Finest), originally called Llanmaes, was a popular beer garden and restaurant in Christchurch, New Zealand, that is part of the Arts Centre.	Dux de Lux	New Zealand
country	Mundra Port is the largest private port in India.	Mundra	India
country	Äänekoski is an industrial town and municipality of Finland.	Äänekoski	Finland
country	The Euroregion Beskidy (Polish) or Euroregion Beskydy (Czech) is a Euroregion joining parts of the Poland, Czech Republic and Slovakia.	Euroregion Beskydy	Slovakia
country	Osredek pri Krmelju (pronounced (ɔˈsɾeːdək pɾi kəɾˈmeːlju)) is a settlement northwest of Krmelj in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Osredek pri Krmelju	Slovenia
country	Suzurannosato Station (すずらんの里駅) is a railway station on the Chūō Main Line operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).	Suzurannosato Station	Japan
country	Arjoun (Arabic: عرجون‎, also spelled Arjun or Arjoon), is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs.	Arjoun	Syria
country	Ambergris Cays are a group of small islands within the Turks and Caicos Islands.	Ambergris Cay	Turks and Caicos Islands
country	Masarna are a Swedish motorcycle speedway team based in Avesta, Sweden.	Masarna	Sweden
country	Dunkuh (Persian: دونكوه‎, also Romanized as Dūnkūh; also known as Dūnak) is a village in Mian Band Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dunkuh	Iran
country	Sarita Vihar (Hindi:सरिता विहार) is a residential colony, under the housing scheme of Delhi Development Authority (DDA), 1988-89 situated in South Delhi, India.	Sarita Vihar	India
country	Alto Río Senguer Airport (IATA: ARR, ICAO: SAVR) is a public use airport 1 nm northeast of Alto Río Senguer, Chubut, Argentina.	Alto Río Senguer Airport	Argentina
country	Lergravsparken Station is a deep-level Copenhagen Metro station in the East Amager district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Lergravsparken Station	Denmark
country	Agna is a town and commune in the province of Padua, in the Veneto region of northern Italy.	Agna	Italy
country	The Selenga River (Selenge River, Mongolian: Сэлэнгэ мөрөн, Selenge mörön; Buryat: Сэлэнгэ гол, Selenge gol, Сэлэнгэ мүрэн, Selenge müren; Russian: Селенга́) is a major river in Mongolia and Buryatia, Russia.	Selenga River	Mongolia	Russia
country	Markarfljót is a river in the south of Iceland.	Markarfljót	Iceland
country	Nybyen is a small settlement located on the southern outskirts of Longyearbyen, on the island of Spitsbergen, in the Svalbard archipelago of Norway.	Nybyen	Norway
country	Brege (pronounced (ˈbɾeːɡɛ)) is a small village south of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Brege	Slovenia
country	The Municipality of Gorišnica (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾiːʃnitsa), Slovene: Občina Gorišnica) is a municipality in Slovenia.	Municipality of Gorišnica	Slovenia
country	Parwayani (Aymara parwaya a plant of the Deyeuxia family, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with the parwaya plant'', hispanicized spelling Parhuayane) is a mountain in the Ch'ila mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 m (16,732 ft) high.	Parwayani	Peru
country	Svetlogorsk Airport (ICAO: UOIG) is an airport in Krasnoyarskiy, Russia located 11 km south of Svetlogorsk, Krasnoyarsk Krai.	Svetlogorsk Airport	Russia
country	Bisotun (Persian: بيستون‎; also Romanized as Bīsotūn; also known as Bīsītan and Bīsītūn) is a city in and the capital of Bisotun District, in Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bisotun	Iran
country	Aralam Wildlife Sanctuary is the northernmost wildlife sanctuary of Kerala, southwest India.	Aralam Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Shoshong is a town in Botswana, formerly the chief settlement of the eastern Bamangwato.	Shoshong	Botswana
country	The Manchester Grammar School (MGS) is the largest independent day school for boys in the United Kingdom (ages 7--18) and is located in Manchester, England.	Manchester Grammar School	United Kingdom
country	The Tewkesbury and Malvern Railway was a branch of the Midland Railway which ran from Ashchurch via Tewkesbury to Great Malvern in the United Kingdom.	Tewkesbury and Malvern Railway	United Kingdom
country	Böyük Tağlar (Armenian: Մեծ Թաղլար Mets T’aghlar, Mets T'agher, Mets Taghk, and Metstaglar) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan and Hadrut Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.	Böyük Tağlar	Azerbaijan
country	Northwestel Inc. is the incumbent local exchange carrier (ILEC) and long distance carrier in Northern Canada.	Northwestel	Canada
country	The Atlantic Ocean Tunnel (Norwegian: Atlanterhavstunnelen) is an undersea tunnel that is part of Norwegian County Road 64 which connects Kristiansund Municipality to Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Atlantic Ocean Tunnel	Norway
country	Sansad Marg (Hindi: संसद मार्ग; English: Parliament Street) is a street located in New Delhi, India.	Sansad Marg	India
country	Azpeitia (meaning 'down the rock' in Basque) is a town and municipality within the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Basque Country of Spain, located on the Urola river a few kilometres east of Azkoitia.	Azpeitia	Spain
country	Kirkop (Maltese: Ħal Kirkop) is a small village in the Southern Region of Malta.	Kirkop	Malta
country	Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field is located in the Northland Region of New Zealand, near Kaikohe.	Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field	New Zealand
country	Kazashko (Bulgarian: Казашко) is a village in north-eastern Bulgaria.	Kazashko	Bulgaria
country	Koreno nad Horjulom (pronounced (kɔˈɾeːnɔ nat xɔˈrjuːlɔm)) is a settlement in the hills north of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Koreno nad Horjulom	Slovenia
country	The Corinthia Hotel Khartoum is a five-star hotel in central Khartoum, the capital of Sudan, on the meeting point of the Blue Nile and White Nile and in the centre of Khartoum's commercial, business, and administrative districts.	Corinthia Hotel Khartoum	Sudan
country	The Mid-Canterbury by-election, 1942 was a by-election held on 27 January 1942 during the 26th New Zealand Parliament in the seat of Mid-Canterbury.	Mid-Canterbury by-election, 1942	New Zealand
country	Wessobrunn Abbey (Kloster Wessobrunn) was a Benedictine monastery near Weilheim in Bavaria, Germany.	Wessobrunn Abbey	Germany
country	The Rance Tidal Power Station is a tidal power station located on the estuary of the Rance River in Brittany, France.	Rance Tidal Power Station	France
country	Country Hall Ethias Liège (former: Country Hall du Sart Tilman) is a multi-purpose arena in Liège, Belgium.	Country Hall Ethias Liège	Belgium
country	Qahukhaneh-ye Adal (Persian: قهوخانه عدال‎, also Romanized as Qahūkhāneh-ye ``Adāl) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Qahukhaneh-ye Adal	Iran
country	Curling at the 2006 Winter Olympics was held in the town of Pinerolo, Italy from February 13 to February 24.	Curling at the 2006 Winter Olympics	Italy
country	Qaqa Chaka (Quechua qaqa rock, chaka bridge, ``rock bridge'', hispanicized spelling Jajachaca) is mountain in the northern extensions of the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Qaqa Chaka	Peru
country	August 2012 Mansehra Shia massacre refers to the massacre of 25 Shia Muslim residents of Gilgit-Baltistan travelling from Rawalpindi, Punjab to Gilgit, Gilgit Baltistan in Pakistan.	August 2012 Mansehra Shia massacre	Pakistan
country	Ashfield Boys' High School is a public secondary school for boys in Ashfield, an Inner West suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Ashfield Boys' High School	Australia
country	Gadukan (Persian: گدوكان‎, also Romanized as Gadūkān) is a village in Karvandar Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gadukan	Iran
country	Debeweyin (Somali: Dabaweyn) is one of the woredas in the Somali Region of Ethiopia.	Debeweyin	Ethiopia
country	Nikolske (Ukrainian: Нiкольське), formerly Volodarske, is an urban settlement (town) in Donetsk Oblast (province), located in the industrial region of the Donets basin in Ukraine.	Nikolske	Ukraine
country	Antsohihy is a city (commune urbaine) in northern Madagascar in Sofia Region.	Antsohihy	Madagascar
country	Asparrena (Spanish: Aspárrena, meaning 'down the rock') is a municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Asparrena	Spain
country	Beykoz (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈbejkoz)) is a district in Istanbul, Turkey at the northern end of the Bosphorus on the Anatolian side.	Beykoz	Turkey
country	Malmö Idrottsplats (``Malmö sports field''), commonly referred to simply as Malmö IP and sometimes as Gamla IP (``The old sports field''), is a stadium in Malmö, Sweden, that is primarily used for association football.	Malmö IP	Sweden
country	Yabelo Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area and wildlife sanctuary in southern Ethiopia.	Yabelo Wildlife Sanctuary	Ethiopia
country	Strombolicchio is a sea stack of volcanic origin 2 km (1.2 mi) to the northeast of the island of Stromboli in the Aeolian Islands of Italy.	Strombolicchio	Italy
country	Loei Airport (Thai: ท่าอากาศยานเลย) (IATA: LOE, ICAO: VTUL) is in Loei, the capital city of Loei Province, Thailand.	Loei Airport	Thailand
country	Fontoura is a civil parish (freguesia) in the municipality of Valença, in northern Portugal, on the southern boundary of Paredes de Coura.	Fontoura	Portugal
country	Alverca do Ribatejo (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐɫˈvɛɾkɐ ðu ʁiβɐˈtɛʒu)) is a city (cidade) and a former civil parish in the municipality of Vila Franca de Xira, Portugal.	Alverca do Ribatejo	Portugal
country	Kimpese is a town in the Cataractes District of Bas-Congo province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kimpese	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Do Kedan (Persian: دوكدان‎, also Romanized as Do Kedān) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Do Kedan	Iran
country	The Internationaux de Strasbourg (formally known as The Strasbourg Grand Prix) is a professional women's tennis tournament held in Strasbourg, France.	Internationaux de Strasbourg	France
country	La Via dei Monti Lariani (variously translated into English as the Monti Lariani Way, the Monti Lariani Trail, or the Lariani Mountain Trail) is a long-distance footpath in the hills on the west side of Lake Como, in Lombardy, Italy.	La Via dei Monti Lariani	Italy
country	Borotou is a town in northwest Ivory Coast.	Borotou	Ivory Coast
country	Przyranie (pʂɨˈraɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przyranie	Poland
country	Arapito is a town in the Karamea area of New Zealand.	Arapito	New Zealand
country	Puikule Manor (Latvian: Puikules muiža pils) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Puikule Manor	Latvia
country	Mandalay International Airport (Burmese: မန္တလေး အပြည်ပြည်ဆိုင်ရာ လေဆိပ်; (IATA: MDL, ICAO: VYMD)), located 35 km south of Mandalay in Tada-U, is one of only three international airports in Myanmar.	Mandalay International Airport	Myanmar
country	Tsarabanjina is a small island off the northwest coast of Madagascar in the Mitsio archipelago.	Tsarabanjina	Madagascar
country	Lozère (French pronunciation: ​(lɔzɛʁ); Occitan: Losera) is a department in the region of Languedoc-Roussillon-Midi-Pyrénées in southern France near the Massif Central.	Lozère	France
country	Kalateh-ye Jabbar (Persian: كلاته جبار‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Jabbār; also known as Jabbār) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Jabbar	Iran
country	The Museum für Abgüsse Klassischer Bildwerke (``Museum of Casts of Classical Statues'') is located in the central Maxvorstadt district in Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Museum für Abgüsse Klassischer Bildwerke	Germany
country	Orkanger Church (Norwegian: Orkanger kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Orkanger Church	Norway
country	Dźwirzyno (d͡ʑviˈʐɨnɔ) (German: Kolberger Deep) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dźwirzyno	Poland
country	Sheng Kung Hui Tsoi Kung Po Secondary School (Chinese: 聖公會蔡功譜中學) is a secondary school in Homantin, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Sheng Kung Hui Tsoi Kung Po Secondary School	Hong Kong
country	Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan Rajasthan Ayurved University previously known as Rajasthan Ayurved University, is the first Ayurved university in the state Rajasthan and it is the second university of this kind in India.	Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan Rajasthan Ayurved University	India
country	Comelico (Ladin: Cumélgu, Comélgu or Comélgo; Sappada German: Komèlk; Venetian: Comelego; Friulian: Comeli) is a mountainous region of northeast Italy, close to the Austrian border.	Comelico	Italy
country	The Eggental (Italian: Val d'Ega; German: Eggental) is a valley in South Tyrol, Italy.	Eggental	Italy
country	Al Twar (Arabic: الطوار‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Twar	United Arab Emirates
country	Mercu Buana University (UMB, or Universitas Mercu Buana) is a private university located in Jakarta, Indonesia.	Mercu Buana University	Indonesia
country	Saramej (Armenian: Սարամեջ, also romanized as Saramech; formerly, Chotur) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Saramej	Armenia
country	Pekan Nanas or Pineapple Town is a town located in Pontian District, Johor, Malaysia.	Pekan Nanas	Malaysia
country	Situated in central India, Vidarbha has its own rich cultural and historical background distinct from rest of Maharashtra.	Vidarbha	India
country	Grasplatz (grass place) is a defunct railway station in the south of Namibia on the currently decommissioned Aus - Lüderitz line.	Grasplatz	Namibia
country	Ofer (Hebrew: עֹפֶר, lit. Fawn) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Ofer	Israel
country	The Bonya River is a river in the American territory of Guam.	Bonya River	Guam
country	Pampady is a small town 16 kilometres east of Kottayam in Kerala, Southern India.	Pampady	India
country	Ogla is a small scenic place in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state of India in the Didihat tehsil.	Ogla	India
country	German submarine U-527 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft yard in Hamburg as yard number 342 on 28 October 1941, launched on 17 June 1942 and commissioned on 2 September with Kapitänleutnant Herbert Uhlig in command.	German submarine U-527	Nazi Germany
country	Drassi (Greek: Δράση; English: Action) is a liberal minor political party in Greece.	Drassi	Greece
country	Baztin (Persian: بازتين‎, also Romanized as Bāztīn; also known as Bāst and Bāstīn) is a village in Liravi-ye Miyani Rural District, Imam Hassan District, Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Baztin	Iran
country	Kværner was a Norway-based engineering and construction services company that existed between 1853 and 2005.	Kværner	Norway
country	Iakora District is a district in south-eastern Madagascar.	Iakora District	Madagascar
country	Innuit Mountain is a mountain located 30 km (19 mi) northwest of Mount Caubvick in the Torngat Mountains of northern Labrador, Canada.	Innuit Mountain	Canada
country	Aqu Urqu (Quechua aqu sand, urqu mountain ``sand mountain'', also spelled Acco Orcco) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,600 m (15,092 ft) high.	Aqu Urqu	Peru
country	The 1982 World Women's Handball Championship took place in Hungary in 1982.	1982 World Women's Handball Championship	Hungary
country	Rewica Królewska (rɛˈvit͡sa kruˈlɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rewica Królewska	Poland
country	Eleones, meaning in Greek olive-groves, is a neighbourhood of Pylaia, Greece, a suburb of Thessaloniki.	Eleones	Greece
country	Karlstrup is approximately 30 km from the capital of Denmark, Copenhagen.	Karlstrup	Denmark
country	The Port international du Cap-Haïtien is the seaport in Cap-Haïtien Haiti's second largest city.	Port international du Cap-Haïtien	Haiti
country	La Asunción (Spanish pronunciation: (la asunˈsjon)) is a city in Venezuela.	La Asunción	Venezuela
country	Reel Pride is an annual gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and two-spirit film and video festival produced by the Winnipeg Gay and Lesbian Film Society in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Reel Pride	Canada
country	Leśna (ˈlɛɕna) (German: Marklissa) is a town in Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Leśna	Poland
country	Jaj (Arabic: جاج‎, also spelled Jaje) is a mountainous village in the Jbeil District of Mount Lebanon Governorate, Lebanon.	Jaj	Lebanon
country	The Megdovas (Greek: Μέγδοβας) also known as Tavropos (Greek: Ταυρωπός), is a river that flows through the Karditsa and Evrytania regional units, Greece.	Megdovas	Greece
country	Dagheh (Persian: داغه‎, also Romanized as Dāgheh; also known as Dāghā) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dagheh	Iran
country	Çanakkale Province (Turkish: Çanakkale ili) is a province of Turkey, located in the northwestern part of the country.	Çanakkale Province	Turkey
country	The Mshatta Facade is the decorated part of the facade of the 8th century Umayyad residential palace of Qasr Mshatta, one of the Desert Castles of Jordan, which is now installed in the south wing of the Pergamon Museum in Berlin, Germany.	Mshatta Facade	Germany
country	Newman Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in Newman, a regional centre 1,186 kilometres (737 mi) north of Perth, Western Australia.	Newman Senior High School	Australia
country	Borkhar County (Persian: شهرستان برخوار‎) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.	Borkhar County	Iran
country	Burszewo (burˈʂɛvɔ) (German Prußhöfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Burszewo	Poland
country	Pico da Neblina National Park is a national park in the north of Brazil, bordering on Venezuela.	Pico da Neblina National Park	Brazil
country	Gare de Troyes is a railway station serving the town Troyes, Aube department, central France.	Gare de Troyes	France
country	The Kocaeli Peninsula (Turkish: Kocaeli Yarımadası) lies in the northwest corner of Anatolia, Turkey, separating the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmara on the Asian side of the strait of Bosphorus.	Kocaeli Peninsula	Turkey
country	Svržaki (pronounced (sʋəɾˈʒaːki)) is a settlement immediately north of the town of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Svržaki	Slovenia
country	Nurit (Hebrew: נורית‎) was a moshav on Gilboa Mountain in northern Israel.	Nurit	Israel
country	The Celtic Way is a long-distance walk from West Wales, through South Wales and into Wessex and the West of England in the United Kingdom.	Celtic Way	United Kingdom
country	Radków (ˈratkuf) (German: Wünschelburg) is a town in Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Radków	Poland
country	Świdry-Dobrzyce (ˈɕfidrɨ dɔˈbʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Świdry-Dobrzyce	Poland
country	Kasma (Persian: كسما‎, also Romanized as Kasmā and Kasmā'') is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kasma	Iran
country	The Canadian Regional Engineering Centre (CREC) of General Motors Canada Ltd. is located in Oshawa, Ontario, next to the plant which builds midsize cars.	Canadian Regional Engineering Centre	Canada
country	Čubrići (Serbian: Чубрићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čubrići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Do Bareh (Persian: دوبره‎, also Romanized as Dobreh) is a village in Targavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Do Bareh	Iran
country	High Five Drive is a melodic hardcore/skate punk band from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, known for their high-energy live performances.	High Five Drive	Canada
country	İdrisqışlaq (also, İdrisiqışlaq and Idrisi) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İdrisqışlaq	Azerbaijan
country	The First Peoples Party (FPP) was a short-lived political-party in Manitoba, Canada.	First Peoples Party	Canada
country	The University Ground (Hindi: यूनिवर्सिटी ग्राउंड) was a test cricket stadium in Lucknow, India.	University Ground	India
country	Shibolim (Hebrew: שִׁבֳּלִים, lit. Ears) is a religious moshav in southern Israel.	Shibolim	Israel
country	El Garas District (Somali: Degmada Ceel Garas) is a district in the central Galguduud region of Somalia.	El Garas District	Somalia
country	Supena Sodo (``Supe and Sodo'') is one of the 180 woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.	Supena Sodo	Ethiopia
country	With its founding, Kappa Gamma Delta became the first premedical sorority in the United States of America.	Kappa Gamma Delta	United States of America
country	Ročevnica (pronounced (ɾɔˈtʃeːu̯nitsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ročevnica	Slovenia
country	Thermeia (Greek: Θέρμεια; Turkish: Doğanköy) is a historic village, now a suburb of Kyrenia, Cyprus.	Thermeia	Cyprus
country	Colin Bond Racing was founded in 1984 by Colin Bond as the factory distributor-supported Alfa Romeo team through the Australia and New Zealand distributor, Network Alfa.	Colin Bond Racing	Australia
country	Barcelona power station (also Power station of Barcelona) is a combined cycle thermoelectric plant located at Pier Energy of Port of Barcelona, in Barcelona, Spain.	Barcelona power station	Spain
country	Münsingen Castle (German: Schloss Münsingen) is a castle in the municipality of Münsingen of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Münsingen Castle	Switzerland
country	Aly Oury is a small town in Senegal on the left bank of the Senegal river 39 km downstream from Matam in the Daande Maayo area.	Aly Oury	Senegal
country	Dobroslava (Rusyn: Доброслава, Hungarian: Dobroszló) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Dobroslava	Slovakia
country	Glücksburg Castle (German: Schloss Glücksburg, Danish: Lyksborg Slot) is a water castle (Wasserschloss) in the town of Glücksburg, Germany.	Glücksburg Castle	Germany
country	The Jerichow Monastery ( German: Kloster Jerichow ) is a former Premonstratensian monastery located in the northern outskirts of Jerichow, near the shores of the Elbe River, in the state of Saxony-Anhalt of Germany.	Jerichow Monastery	Germany
country	The Houyoux is a northern tributary stream of the River Meuse in Belgium, flowing through Hesbaye in the province of Namur.	Houyoux	Belgium
country	The embankment to the south of the Main River in Frankfurt, Germany, is called Museumsufer or Museum Embankment because of the large concentration of museums there.	Museumsufer	Germany
country	Spanish Baroque literature is the literature written in Spain during the Baroque.	Spanish Baroque literature	Spain
country	Daugavpils Ice Arena is an ice arena in Daugavpils, Latvia.	Daugavpils Ice Arena	Latvia
country	Lolim (or Lolimi) is a community in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan.	Lolim	South Sudan
country	Kozjak Hydro Power Plant is a large hydroelectric power plant on the river Treska which creates an artificial lake Kozjak, the largest in Republic of Macedonia.	Kozjak Hydro Power Plant	Macedonia
country	The neighborhood and former village Bansong-dong (반송동) is located in Haeundae-gu, Busan, South Korea.	Bansong-dong	South Korea
country	The Balikh River is a perennial river that originates in the spring of 'Ayn al-'Arus in Syria.	Balikh River	Syria
country	The Historic Centres of Berat and Gjirokastër, in the cities of Berat and Gjirokastër, Albania, are an UNESCO World Heritage Site that were inscribed in 2005.	Historic Centres of Berat and Gjirokastër	Albania
country	The Göteborg City Race is a temporary motor racing circuit in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Göteborg City Race	Sweden
country	The Thames School of Mines is a nationally significant former school of mining in Thames, New Zealand.	Thames School of Mines	New Zealand
country	Stavanger Heliport, University Hospital (ICAO: ENSX; Norwegian: Stavanger helikopterplass, Universitetssykehuset) is a heliport situated on the premises of Stavanger University Hospital in the Våland neighborhood of Stavanger, Norway.	Stavanger Heliport, University Hospital	Norway
country	Błonie-Wieś (ˈbwɔɲɛ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Błonie-Wieś	Poland
country	Ixopo is a town situated on a tributary of the Mkhomazi River in the midlands of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa and forms part of an important sugar farming, and forestry area.	Ixopo	South Africa
country	Brezolupy (Hungarian: Bánnyíres) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Brezolupy	Slovakia
country	Manganeses de la Lampreana (Spanish pronunciation: (maŋɡaˈnesez ðe la lampɾeˈana)) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Manganeses de la Lampreana	Spain
country	The Irodo River is located in northern Madagascar.	Irodo River	Madagascar
country	JK Sillamäe Kalev, commonly known as Sillamäe Kalev, is a professional football club, based in Sillamäe, Estonia.	JK Sillamäe Kalev	Estonia
country	The Mahara Prison is a maximum security prison, and is one of the largest prisons in Sri Lanka.	Mahara Prison	Sri Lanka
country	There was an Ayrshire constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1708 to 1801 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 until 1868, when the constituency was divided into Ayrshire North and Ayrshire South.	Ayrshire	United Kingdom
country	Argo-Saronic Gulf (Greek: Αργοσαρωνικός Κόλπος) is a term sometimes used to combine the adjacent Saronic Gulf and Argolic Gulf of Greece.	Argo-Saronic Gulf	Greece
country	Grimbergen Abbey is a Premonstratensian monastery in Grimbergen, Flemish Brabant, Belgium, established in 1128 in the place of an earlier foundation of Augustinian Canons.	Grimbergen Abbey	Belgium
country	Bukit Batok Community Library (Simplified Chinese: 武吉巴督社区图书馆) is located at Bukit Batok on the third floor of West Mall in Singapore.	Bukit Batok Community Library	Singapore
country	Yiwu Railway Station (simplified Chinese: 义乌站; traditional Chinese: 義烏站; pinyin: Yìwū Zhàn) (IATA: YIU) is a railway station of the Hukun Railway and the Hangchangkun Passenger Railway located in Yiwu in Zhejiang province, People's Republic of China.	Yiwu Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Yanbu Airport (IATA: YNB, ICAO: OEYN) is an airport near Yanbu, Saudi Arabia.	Yanbu Airport	Saudi Arabia
country	Barcs (in Croatian: Barč) is a border town in Somogy, Hungary.	Barcs	Hungary
country	Karnocice (karnɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) (German Karzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Karnocice	Poland
country	Log pri Vrhovem (pronounced (ˈloːk pɾi ʋəɾˈxɔːʋɛm)) is a small settlement next to Vrhovo in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia.	Log pri Vrhovem	Slovenia
country	Dorowa is a village in the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe located 3 km south of the Save River in the Upper Save valley about 90 km west of Mutare.	Dorowa	Zimbabwe
country	Bagh-e Anarak (Persian: باغ انارك‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ānārak; also known as Bāghnārak) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Anarak	Iran
country	Mount Wudinna is located near the locality of Wudinna, South Australia.	Mount Wudinna	Australia
country	The University of Vigo (Galician: Universidade de Vigo) is a public university located in the city of Vigo, Galicia, Spain.	University of Vigo	Spain
country	Karchowo (karˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzemieniewo, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Karchowo	Poland
country	Pribinci (pronounced (ˈpɾiːbintsi)) is a settlement southeast of the town of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Pribinci	Slovenia
country	The International School for Advanced Studies (Italian: Scuola Internazionale Superiore di Studi Avanzati, SISSA) is an international, state supported, post graduate teaching and research institute with a special statute, located in Trieste, Italy.	International School for Advanced Studies	Italy
country	Ashhurst-Fitzherbert is a constituent ward of Palmerston North, Manawatu-Wanganui, New Zealand.	Fitzherbert	New Zealand
country	Mont Illi or Mont d'Illi is one of four departments in Mayo-Kebbi Est, a region of Chad.	Mont Illi	Chad
country	Camp de Morvedre (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈkamp de moɾˈveðɾe), Spanish: Campo de Morvedre) is a comarca in the province of Valencia, Valencian Community, Spain.	Camp de Morvedre	Spain
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 227 or U 227 is the Rundata catalog designation for a Viking Age memorial runestone that is located in Grana, which is about 4 kilometers west of Vallentuna, Stockholm County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription 227	Sweden
country	Alikanas (Greek: Αλικανάς) is a village in the municipal unit of Alykes situated on the northeastern coast about 10 km northwest of Zakynthos (city) on the island of Zakynthos, Greece.	Alikanas	Greece
country	Goth Dulla Lakhan is a village in Sukkur District, Sindh province, Pakistan, it is located at 28° 6' 0`` North, 69° 22' 0'' East near to the border of Punjab.	Goth Dulla Lakhan	Pakistan
country	Yanaul (Russian: Янаул; Bashkir: Яңауыл, Yaŋawıl) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the Yanaulka River, 230 kilometers (140 mi) north of Ufa.	Yanaul	Russia
country	The Crawley and Horsham Hunt is a United Kingdom foxhound pack, with hunting country of around 23 miles by 20 miles within the ceremonial county of Sussex.	Crawley and Horsham Hunt	United Kingdom
country	The Corniche des Crêtes is a picturesque and narrow coastal road in the south of France, winding from Cassis to La Ciotat along the Mediterranean shore.	Corniche des Crêtes	France
country	Lambert's Bay is a small fishing town in the Western Cape province of South Africa situated 280 kilometres north of Cape Town.	Lambert's Bay	South Africa
country	The University of Eastern Piedmont Amedeo Avogadro (Italian: Università degli Studi del Piemonte Orientale ``Amedeo Avogadro'', UNIPMN or UPO) is a university located in Alessandria, Novara and Vercelli, Italy.	University of Eastern Piedmont	Italy
country	Ganneious is former Iroquois village, settled by the Oneida, located on the North Shore of Lake Ontario near the present site of Napanee, Ontario, Canada.	Ganneious	Canada
country	Sihanoukville Autonomous Port or Port Autonome de Sihanoukville (PAS) is a government agency and state corporation of Cambodia and Sihanoukville that operates and governs the country's sole deep water port.	Sihanoukville Autonomous Port	Cambodia
country	Amstelveen ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Amstelveen	Netherlands
country	TuS Komet Arsten is a German football club from the district of Arsten, in the city of Bremen in northwestern Germany.	TuS Komet Arsten	Germany
country	Redęcin (rɛˈdɛnt͡ɕin) (German: 1297-1672 Reddenthin, 1672-1945 Reddentin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Redęcin	Poland
country	Pattathippara Falls is a cascade waterfall located in Pananchery Grama Panchayat in Thrissur district of Kerala, India.	Pattathippara Falls	India
country	Przyrownica (pʂɨrɔvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzierady, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Przyrownica	Poland
country	Rehoboth Urban West is an electoral constituency in the Hardap region of Namibia, comprising the suburbs of Rehoboth that are situated to the west of the national road B1.	Rehoboth Urban West	Namibia
country	The Rauen Hills (German: Rauener Berge) are a range of low hills in Brandenburg, Germany.	Rauen Hills	Germany
country	Chenan (Persian: چنان‎, also Romanized as Chenān and Chanān) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chenan	Iran
country	Kapanda Airport (IATA: KNP, ICAO: FNCP) is an airport in Kapanda (or Capanda), a city in Angola.	Kapanda Airport	Angola
country	Jalisco State Highway 225 is a 10--11-kilometre-long (6.2--6.8 mi) east--west route between the towns of Yahualica de González Gallo and Huisquilco, Jalisco, Mexico.	Jalisco State Highway 225	Mexico
country	Mount Venamo (Spanish: Cerro Venamo), also known as Waukauyengtipu (``the mountain of the place of the butterfly''), is a mountain in South America that forms part of the international boundary between Guyana and Venezuela.	Mount Venamo	Guyana	Venezuela
country	Unsan Station is railway station in Unsan County, South Pyongan, North Korea.	Unsan Station	North Korea
country	Long Daloh (also known as Long Anyat) is a settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Daloh	Malaysia
country	The Volta Grande Dam is an embankment dam on the Grande River about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) west of Água Comprida, Brazil.	Volta Grande Dam	Brazil
country	Lovdata is a foundation which publishes judicial information of Norway.	Lovdata	Norway
country	Arjundhara is the name of a temple that is situated in south-eastern part of Nepal.	Arjundhara	Nepal
country	Veluša (Cyrillic: Велуша) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Veluša	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Bang Na Expressway (full name: Bang Na - Bang Phli - Bang Pakong Expressway), officially Burapha Withi Expressway (Thai: ทางพิเศษบูรพาวิถี), is a 55 km long six-lane elevated highway in Thailand.	Bang Na Expressway	Thailand
country	The Rędziński Bridge (Polish: Most Rędziński) is a cable-stayed bridge spanning the Oder river in Wrocław, Poland.	Rędziński Bridge	Poland
country	The Monasavu Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Nanuku River about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Nasinu in Naitasiri Province, Fiji.	Monasavu Dam	Fiji
country	The Russo-Baltic Wagon Factory (German: Russisch-Baltische Waggonfabrik; Russian: Русско-Балтийский вагонный завод, RBVZ) was founded in 1874 in Riga, then a major industrial centre of Russian Empire.	Russo-Balt	Russian Empire
country	The Yallahs River is a river in the parish of Saint Thomas, Jamaica.	Yallahs River	Jamaica
country	Seyyedan (Persian: سيدان‎, also Romanized as Seyyedān; also known as Sa``īdān, Saidūn, and Seydān) is a city in and the capital of Seyyedan District, in Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,555, in 1,954 families.	Seyyedan	Iran
country	Kineshma (Russian: Кинешма) is the second largest town in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, which sprawls for 15 kilometers (9.3 mi) along the Volga River.	Kineshma	Russia
country	Włosków (ˈvwɔskuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Włosków	Poland
country	CKDO is one of only two radio stations in Canada that broadcast on 1580 AM; the other is CBPK, a 50 watt weather information station in Revelstoke, British Columbia.	CKDO	Canada
country	Lamak Mahalleh-ye Lafmejan (Persian: لمك محله لفمجان‎, also Romanized as Lamak Maḩalleh-ye Lafmejān) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lamak Mahalleh-ye Lafmejan	Iran
country	The Grande Dixence Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Dixence at the head of the Val d'Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Grande Dixence Dam	Switzerland
country	Salasaca is located in the Tungurahua Province in the center of Ecuador, halfway along the road from Ambato to Baños.	Salasaca	Ecuador
country	Jazireh-ye Shatvar (Persian: جزيره شتوار‎, also Romanized as Jazīreh-ye Shatvar and Jazīreh-ye Shatvār; also known as Jazīreh-ye Shītvār and Jazīreh-ye Shotūr) is a village in Lavan Rural District, Kish District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jazireh-ye Shatvar	Iran
country	Najjanankumbi is a location in the city of Kampala, Uganda's capital.	Najjanankumbi	Uganda
country	Santa Cecilia District is a district and village in the canton of La Cruz, Guanacaste Province in Costa Rica.	Santa Cecilia District	Costa Rica
country	Chornohora (literally: Black Mountain, Ukrainian: Чорногора, Polish: Czarnohora, Hungarian: Feketebérc) is the highest mountain range in Western Ukraine in the Eastern Beskids and the Ukrainian Carpathians group, which in turn is part of the Outer Eastern Carpathians.	Chornohora	Ukraine
country	Nagbhid (or Nagbhir) is a town and a tehsil, itself subdivision of Chandrapur district in Nagpur revenue Division in the Vidarbha region in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Nagbhid	India
country	Ko Mak (Thai: เกาะหมาก, pronounced (kɔ̀ʔ màːk)) is a small island of Trat Province, Thailand.	Ko Mak	Thailand
country	Takaka Hill is a range of hills located in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand.	Takaka Hill	New Zealand
country	Fergusson Intermediate is a state co-educational intermediate school in the city of Upper Hutt, in the Wellington region of New Zealand.	Fergusson Intermediate	New Zealand
country	Smoligów (smɔˈliɡuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Smoligów	Poland
country	Marandallah (also spelled Marandalah and Marandala) is a town in central Ivory Coast.	Marandallah	Ivory Coast
country	Baabda District (Arabic: قضاء بعبدا, translit: Qada' Baabda), sometimes spelled B'abda, is a district (qadaa) in Mount Lebanon, Lebanon, to the south and east of the Lebanon's capital Beirut.	Baabda District	Lebanon
country	Musaeus College is a Private girls' school in Colombo, Sri Lanka, and was named for Mrs Marie Musaeus Higgins (1855 -- 10 July 1926) from Wismar in Germany, its Principal from 1895 to 1926.	Musaeus College	Sri Lanka
country	The first official record of a Baptist church in Canada was that of the Horton Baptist Church (now Wolfville), established on October 29, 1778.	Wolfville	Canada
country	The Province of Schleswig-Holstein (German: Provinz Schleswig-Holstein, pronounced (ˈʃleːsvɪç ˈhɔlʃtaɪ̯n)) was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Free State of Prussia from 1868 to 1946.	Province of Schleswig-Holstein	Prussia
country	Inishturk (Inis Toirc in Irish, meaning Wild Boar Island) is an inhabited island of County Mayo, in Ireland.	Inishturk	Ireland
country	The Frilihorn rises to a height of 10,249 ft (3,124 m), making it the 758th highest mountain in Switzerland.	Frilihorn	Switzerland
country	Mnin-Mokre (ˈmnin ˈmɔkrɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mnin-Mokre	Poland
country	The Balamand Monastery (historically called Belmont, Bellimontis ultra Mare or Bellus-Mons), is an Antiochian Orthodox monastery founded in 1157 in Balamand, County of Tripoli, now in the Koura District, in Northern Lebanon.	Balamand Monastery	Lebanon
country	General Mariano Matamoros Airport (IATA: CVJ, ICAO: MMCB), also known as Cuernavaca Airport, is an airport located in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico, near Mexico City.	General Mariano Matamoros Airport	Mexico
country	Libertador General José de San Martín Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Posadas ``Libertador General San Martín'') (IATA: PSS, ICAO: SARP) is located 7.5 km (4.7 mi) northwest of the center of Posadas, a city in the Misiones Province of Argentina.	Libertador General José de San Martín Airport	Argentina
country	Nemo 33 is an indoor swimming pool facility in Brussels, Belgium.	Nemo 33	Belgium
country	Orong Gewog (Dzongkha: ཨོ་རོང་) is a gewog (village block) of Samdrup Jongkhar District, Bhutan.	Orong Gewog	Bhutan
country	Razliq (Persian: رازليق‎, also Romanized as Rāzlīq) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Razliq	Iran
country	The Ponte de Rubiães is a Roman bridge in the civil parish of Rubiães, Paredes de Coura municipality, northern Portugal.	Ponte de Rubiães	Portugal
country	Villa Bologna is a Maltese stately home, in the village of Attard in the central district of Malta.	Villa Bologna	Malta
country	Lalbhai Dalpatbhai College of Engineering (LDCE or LD), located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Lalbhai Dalpatbhai College of Engineering	India
country	Hesar-e Sangi (Persian: حصارسنگي‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Sangī; also known as Ḩeşār and Hisār) is a village in Fasharud Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Sangi	Iran
country	Kallepia (Greek: Καλλέπια) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 2 km south of Letymvou.	Kallepia	Cyprus
country	Adhaim Dam is a multi-purpose embankment dam on the Al Uzaym (Adhaim) River 133 km northeast of Baghdad, Iraq.	Adhaim Dam	Iraq
country	Thanesar (sometimes called Thaneswar and, archaically, Sthanishvara) is a historic town and an important Hindu pilgrimage centre on the banks of the Saraswati Ghaggar river in the state of Haryana in northern India.	Thanesar	India
country	Pukekohe Intermediate School is a New Zealand intermediate school located in the rural community of Pukekohe, Auckland.	Pukekohe Intermediate School	New Zealand
country	Constituency Councils are the most local statutory representative bodies today in Barbados.	Constituency Councils	Barbados
country	Vueling serves over 100 destinations in Africa, Asia and Europe and is currently the second largest airline in Spain.	Vueling	Spain
country	Duwisib Castle, sometimes spelt Duwiseb or Duweseb, is a grand pseudo-medieval looking fortress in the hills of the semi-arid Southern Namib region of Namibia.	Duwisib Castle	Namibia
country	Grabów nad Wisłą (ˈɡrabuf ˌnad ˈviswɔ̃) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grabów nad Wisłą	Poland
country	Puerto José Banús, more commonly known as Puerto Banús is a marina located in the area of Nueva Andalucía, to the southwest of Marbella, Spain on the Costa del Sol. It was built in May 1970 by José Banús, a local property developer, as a luxury marina and shopping complex.	Puerto Banús	Spain
country	Khriatska (Ukrainian: Хряцька; Romanian: Hreațca) is a commune (selsoviet) in Hertsa Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Khriatska	Ukraine
country	Montevideo (Spanish pronunciation: (monteβiˈðe.o)) is the capital and largest city of Uruguay.	Montevideo	Uruguay
country	Longarone is a town and comune on the banks of the Piave in the province of Belluno, in North-East Italy.	Longarone	Italy
country	Waiouru Railway Station in Waiouru, New Zealand was an intermediate station on the North Island Main Trunk line.	Waiouru Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Qilulu (Persian: قيلولو‎, also Romanized as Qīlūlū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qilulu	Iran
country	The Experimental School of Thessaloniki also known as Experimental School of Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, is a public experimental school in Thessaloniki, Greece.	Experimental School of Thessaloniki	Greece
country	Crest Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 16 km (10 mi) northeast of Gold River and 5 km (3 mi) west of Big Den Mountain.	Crest Mountain	Canada
country	Cottenham was one of the first villages in the United Kingdom to produce a Village design statement.	Cottenham	United Kingdom
country	Jaravi is a city in Puno Province in southeastern Peru.	Jaravi	Peru
country	Dęblin (ˈdɛmblʲin) is a town, population 19,500 (as of 2003), at the confluence of Vistula and Wieprz rivers, in Lublin Voivodeship, Poland.	Dęblin	Poland
country	The Holmestrandsporten Tunnel (Norwegian: Holmestrandsporten) is a 12,300-meter (40,400 ft) long double track railway tunnel under construction which runs through Holmestrandfjellet in Sande, Holmestrand and Re in Vestfold, Norway.	Holmestrandsporten	Norway
country	Mount Danum is the highest peak in Danum Valley, Sabah, Malaysia with the height of 1,093 m.	Mount Danum	Malaysia
country	Siciska (ɕiˈt͡ɕiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Siciska	Poland
country	Frýdek-Místek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈfriːdɛk ˈmiːstɛk), Polish: Frydek-Mistek; German: Friedeck-Mistek) is a city in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Frýdek-Místek	Czech Republic
country	Berhala Strait is a strait which separates the island of Sumatra and Singkep in the South China Sea, Indonesia.	Berhala Strait	Indonesia
country	Instituto Tecnológico de Ciudad Madero is a technological institute in Ciudad Madero, Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Instituto Tecnológico de Ciudad Madero	Mexico
country	Masoutis (Greek: Μασούτης) is a supermarket chain in Greece.	Masoutis	Greece
country	Lerkendal (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈlærkənˈdɑːl)) is an area and borough in Trondheim, Norway.	Lerkendal	Norway
country	The Suite Vollard is a futuristic residential building in Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil.	Suite Vollard	Brazil
country	The Arboretum de Chèvreloup (195 hectares) is a major arboretum located just north of the Palace of Versailles at 30, route de Versailles, Rocquencourt, Yvelines, Île-de-France, France.	Arboretum de Chèvreloup	France
country	Hatsashen (Armenian: Հացաշեն, also Romanized as Atsashen; until 1978, Sabunchi) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Hatsashen	Armenia
country	The Muro di Sormano (English: Wall of Sormano) is a hill located in Sormano, Italy.	Muro di Sormano	Italy
country	Ekkodalen (Echo Valley) on Bornholm is Denmark's longest rift.	Ekkodalen	Denmark
country	Côte-Saint-Paul is a neighbourhood located in the Southwest Borough of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Côte-Saint-Paul	Canada
country	The Frankfurter Allee is one of the oldest roads of Berlin, the capital city of Germany.	Frankfurter Allee	Germany
country	Omarama is a small township (population 231 at 2006 census) at the junction of State Highways 8 and 83, near the southern end of the Mackenzie Basin, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Omarama	New Zealand
country	Želva is a town in Ukmergė district municipality, Vilnius County, east Lithuania.	Želva	Lithuania
country	Babięta (baˈbjɛnta) (German: Babienten; 1938-1945: Wehrkirchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Babięta	Poland
country	The Southern Sydney Freight Line (SSFL) is a freight only railway line in the south-western suburbs of Sydney, Australia.	Southern Sydney Freight Line	Australia
country	The Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission (CRBC) was Canada's first public broadcaster and the immediate precursor to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.	Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission	Canada
country	The Moimenta-Alcafache train crash (Portuguese pronunciation: (mojˈmẽ.tɐ ˌaɫ.kɐˈfa.ʃɨ)) occurred on September 11, 1985, in Mangualde, Portugal, in the Portuguese Linha da Beira Alta.	Moimenta-Alcafache train crash	Portugal
country	Mielenko-Kolonia (mjɛˈlɛnkɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) (German: Klein Möllen-Cölln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielno, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mielenko-Kolonia	Poland
country	Javonon (Persian: جوانان‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Javonon	Tajikistan
country	Most Côtes de Toul and other Lorraine wines are consumed in Lorraine itself, with only a small proportion reaching the rest of France and nearby export markets.	Côtes de Toul	France
country	Sibu Hospital is the second largest hospital in the state of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Sibu Hospital	Malaysia
country	Baligubadle is a town in the northwestern Woqooyi Galbeed province of Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia.	Baligubadle	Somalia
country	St Agnes Catholic High School is a secondary school located in Rooty Hill, a western suburb of Sydney, Australia.	St Agnes Catholic High School	Australia
country	The Buskam, also Buhskam or Buskamen is a large glacial erratic boulder, 325 metres off the coast of Göhren, Rügen, northern Germany.	Buskam	Germany
country	Safarin (Persian: صفرين‎, also Romanized as Safarīn) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Safarin	Iran
country	Cawgay (or Chowgay) is a town in Zabul Province, Afghanistan.	Cawgay	Afghanistan
country	Cerro de Charo is a hill in the Province of Huesca, northeastern Spain.	Cerro de Charo	Spain
country	Villers-le-Bouillet (Walloon: Viyé-l'-Boulet) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium in Province of Liege.	Villers-le-Bouillet	Belgium
country	Karzuiyeh (Persian: كارزوئيه‎, also Romanized as Kārzū’īyeh) is a village in Rabor Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Karzuiyeh	Iran
country	Przerzeczyn-Zdrój (pʂɛˈʐɛt͡ʂɨn ˈzdrui̯) (German: Bad Dirsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemcza, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Przerzeczyn-Zdrój	Poland
country	Sottunga is an island municipality of Åland, an autonomous territory of Finland.	Sottunga	Finland
country	University of Lusaka (UNILUS) is a private university founded in 2007 in Lusaka, Zambia.	University of Lusaka	Zambia
country	Nuevo Casas Grandes is a city in, and the seat of, the Nuevo Casas Grandes Municipality in northern Mexico.	Nuevo Casas Grandes	Mexico
country	Dalas (Persian: دلس‎; also known as Dalsaq) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dalas	Iran
country	In 1995, the provincial government funded the conversion of the waterfront building housing the Charlottetown Hospital School of Nursing into a new Holland College campus called the Tourism and Culinary Centre, which houses a variety of management programs in the tourism and hospitality sector as well as the Culinary Institute of Canada.	Charlottetown Hospital	Canada
country	Tres Zapotes is a Mesoamerican archaeological site located in the south-central Gulf Lowlands of Mexico in the Papaloapan River plain.	Tres Zapotes	Mexico
country	Camiri Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Camiri, IATA: CAM, ICAO: SLCA) is a public use airport located near Camiri, Santa Cruz, Bolivia.	Camiri Airport	Bolivia
country	Chambeh (Persian: چمبه‎; also known as Chamba and Chemba) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chambeh	Iran
country	Tomb KV49, located in the Valley of the Kings, in Egypt is a typical Eighteenth Dynasty corridor tomb.	KV49	Egypt
country	Vágar (Danish: Vågø) is one of the 18 islands in the archipelago of the Faroe Islands and the most westerly of the large islands.	Vágar	Faroe Islands
country	The Buthier is a mountain torrent in north-west Italy.	Buthier	Italy
country	Alumim (Hebrew: עֲלוּמִים, lit. Youth) is a kibbutz located in the north-western Negev desert in southern Israel.	Alumim	Israel
country	Holden railway station is a long closed railway station on the Bendigo railway in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Holden railway station	Australia
country	Pisa Aeroporto railway station (Italian: Stazione di Pisa Aeroporto) was a railway station within Galileo Galilei Airport (Italian:Aeroporto internazionale Galileo Galilei) (IATA code: PSA) in Pisa, Italy.	Pisa Aeroporto railway station	Italy
country	Dzelzava Manor (Latvian: Dzelzavas muižas pils) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Dzelzava Manor	Latvia
country	Akbuura Game Reserve is a reserve in Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Akbuura Game Reserve	Kyrgyzstan
country	Tavus Darrehsi (Persian: طاوس دره سي‎, also Romanized as Ţāvūs Darrehsī; also known as Ţāvos Darrehsī) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tavus Darrehsi	Iran
country	Rowele (rɔˈvɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Rowele	Poland
country	Nevers Football, also known simply as Nevers, is an association football club based in the town of Nevers, France.	Nevers Football	France
country	Temnikov (Russian: Те́мников; Moksha: Темникав; Erzya: Чополт ош) is a town and the administrative center of Temnikovsky District in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Temnikov	Russia
country	Guafo Island is an island located southwest of Chiloé Island and northwest of Chonos Archipelago, Chile.	Guafo Island	Chile
country	Tepe Gawra (or ``Great Mound'') is an ancient Mesopotamian settlement in northwest Iraq that was occupied between 5000 and 1500 BC.	Tepe Gawra	Iraq
country	Kaibu (pronounced (kaˈimbu)) is an island in Fiji's Lau archipelago.	Kaibu	Fiji
country	R v Mapara, 2005 1 S.C.R. 358, 2005 SCC 23, was a decision by the Supreme Court of Canada on criminal conspiracy.	R v Mapara	Canada
country	The Aqueduct of Padre Tembleque, or Zempoala Aqueduct, is a Mexican aqueduct located between the towns of Zempoala, Hidalgo and Otumba, in the State of Mexico.	Aqueduct of Padre Tembleque	Mexico
country	Karpe Diem were invited to perform their song ``Tusen Tegninger'' taken from the album Aldri solgt en løgn at the National Memorial Ceremony held on 21 August 2011 in the Spektrum, remembering the victims of the 2011 Norway attacks of 22 July 2011 and exactly one month from the event.	Karpe Diem	Norway
country	The Milioara River or Mierea River is a small river in the proximity of Târgovişte, Romania.	Milioara River	Romania
country	Veeri (Urdu: ويرى‎) is a village in India currently under the jurisdiction of the tehsil Bijbehara and the district Anantnag in southern Kashmir.	Veeri	India
country	Rabat Archaeological Museum (Musée Archéologique) is an archaeological museum in Rabat, Morocco.	Rabat Archaeological Museum	Morocco
country	Altafjord (English: Alta Fjord; Norwegian: Altafjorden; Kven: Alattionvuono) is a fjord in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Altafjord	Norway
country	Katakolo (Greek: Κατάκολο) is a seaside town in the municipality of Pyrgos in western Elis, Greece.	Katakolo	Greece
country	Paremoremo is a largely rural locality about 8 km (5 miles) southwest of Albany on the northern fringe of Auckland, New Zealand.	Paremoremo	New Zealand
country	The Doddabasappa Temple (Kannada: ದೊಡ್ಡಬಸಪ್ಪ ದೇವಸ್ಥಾನ ) is a 12th-century Western Chalukyan architectural innovation in Dambal, Karnataka state, India.	Doddabasappa Temple	India
country	El Vallecito is an archaeological site located in the city of La Rumorosa, in the Tecate Municipality, Baja California, Mexico.	El Vallecito	Mexico
country	Phippsøya is the largest island in Sjuøyane, an archipelago north of Nordaustlandet, Svalbard in Arctic Norway.	Phippsøya	Norway
country	The Palazzo Muti (officially the Palazzo Muti e Santuario della Madonna dell' Archetto) is a large townhouse in the Piazza dei Santi Apostoli, Rome, Italy, built in 1644.	Palazzo Muti	Italy
country	The Tower of Kurt Pasha (Bulgarian: Куртпашова кула, Kurtpashova kula), also rendered as Kurt Pasha Tower or Kurtpashov(a) Tower, is an Ottoman-era tower house in the town of Vratsa in northwest Bulgaria.	Tower of Kurt Pasha	Bulgaria
country	Gorlice (pronounced (ɡɔrˈlʲit͡sɛ), Yiddish: גאָרליץ‎, Gorlitz ; German Görlitz) is a city and an urban municipality (``gmina'') in south eastern Poland with around 29,500 inhabitants (2008).	Gorlice	Poland
country	Sir Lowry's Pass Village is a town near the base of Sir Lowry's Pass, about 60 km from Cape Town, South Africa.	Sir Lowry's Pass Village	South Africa
country	Mexican wine and wine making began with the arrival of the Spanish in the 16th century, when they brought vines from Europe to modern day Mexico, the oldest wine-growing region in the Americas.	Mexican wine	Mexico
country	Montmeneu (Catalan pronunciation: (mumːəˈnew), locally: (momːeˈnew)) or Punta de Montmaneu is a mountain in Catalonia, Spain.	Montmeneu	Spain
country	Nueva Guinea Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Nueva Guinea) (IATA: NVG, ICAO: MNNG) was an airfield located in Nueva Guinea, Nicaragua.	Nueva Guinea Airport	Nicaragua
country	Tezerjan (Persian: طزرجان‎, also Romanized as Ţezerjān and Tezerjān; also known as Tazarjūn, Ţerezjān, Ţerzejān, and Tizīnjūn) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Tezerjan	Iran
country	The School of Our Lady of Atocha (Filipino: Paaralan ng Birhen ng Atocha) commonly known as SOLA, is a non-stock and non-profit Catholic school located in Magsaysay, Alicia, Isabela, Philippines.	School of Our Lady of Atocha	Philippines
country	Kendriya Vidyalaya, Rayagada, (Hindi: केन्द्रीय विद्यालय) (Hindi for Central School) is a system of central government schools under the Ministry of Human Resource Development (India) and run by Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan.	Kendriya Vidyalaya, Rayagada	India
country	Naden Harbour is a harbour on the north coast of Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands, British Columbia, Canada.	Naden Harbour	Canada
country	Reinevatn (Reindeer Lake) is a lake in the municipality of Bykle in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Reinevatn	Norway
country	Julinki (juˈlinki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Julinki	Poland
country	Captain Rogelio Castillo National Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Nacional Capitán Rogelio Castillo) (IATA: CYW, ICAO: MMCY) is an airport serving Celaya, a city in the state of Guanajuato in Mexico.	Captain Rogelio Castillo National Airport	Mexico
country	The Taipei Metro Wende Station is located in the Neihu District in Taipei, Taiwan.	Wende Station	Taiwan
country	Horndalsvatnet (Lule Sami: Tjoarvekjávrre) is a lake located in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.	Horndalsvatnet	Norway
country	Luliabad (Persian: لولي اباد‎, also Romanized as Lūlīābād) is a village in Mardehek Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Luliabad	Iran
country	Kotoka International Airport (IATA: ACC, ICAO: DGAA) in Accra, Ghana, is the country's premier international airport and has the capacity for large aircraft such as the Boeing 747-8.	Kotoka International Airport	Ghana
country	Aastejärv (or Aastajärv) is a lake in Estonia.	Aastejärv	Estonia
country	Mount Hack, also known as Yarrngarri Arraindanha Vambata, is a mountain peak in the Flinders Ranges of South Australia.	Mount Hack	Australia
country	Metulje (pronounced (mɛˈtuːljɛ)) is a small village south of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Metulje	Slovenia
country	Trondheim Airport, Værnes (Norwegian: Trondheim lufthavn, Værnes; IATA: TRD, ICAO: ENVA) is an international airport serving Trondheim, a city and municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Trondheim Airport, Værnes	Norway
country	The Museum De Cruquius (or Cruquiusmuseum) occupies the old Cruquius steam pumping station in Cruquius, the Netherlands.	Museum De Cruquius	Netherlands
country	The Julian Alps (Slovene: Julijske Alpe, Italian: Alpi Giulie) are a mountain range of the Southern Limestone Alps that stretch from northeastern Italy to Slovenia, where they rise to 2,864 m at Mount Triglav, the highest peak in Slovenia and of the former Yugoslavia.	Julian Alps	Slovenia
country	La Celia ((Spanish pronunciation: (la ˈselja)) elevation 1480m) is a town and municipality in the Department of Risaralda, Colombia.	La Celia	Colombia
country	Portaria (Greek: Πορταριά) is a village and a former municipality in Magnesia, Thessaly, Greece.	Portaria	Greece
country	The Sungai Buloh railway station is a railway station serving the suburb of Sungai Buloh in Selangor, Malaysia.	Sungai Buloh railway station	Malaysia
country	Salacgrīva parish (Latvian: Salacgrīvas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Salacgrīva Municipality, Latvia.	Salacgrīva parish	Latvia
country	Erzurum Airport (IATA: ERZ, ICAO: LTCE) is a military and public airport serving the city of Erzurum in eastern Turkey.	Erzurum Airport	Turkey
country	Laurier Québec (formerly known as Place Laurier) is one of Canada's largest shopping malls.	Laurier Québec	Canada
country	Andagao is a barangay of Kalibo, Aklan, Philippines which is considered as the most progressive Barangay of Kalibo next to Poblacion.	Andagao	Philippines
country	Saint-Jean-des-Mauvrets is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire département in western France.	Saint-Jean-des-Mauvrets	France
country	Pustkowie Rekowskie (pustˈkɔvjɛ rɛˈkɔfskʲɛ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pustkowie Rekowskie	Poland
country	Messukylä (Swedish: Messuby) is a former municipality of Finland which was annexed by the city of Tampere in 1947.	Messukylä	Finland
country	Metoro is a town in Ancuabe District in Cabo Delgado Province in northeastern Mozambique.	Metoro	Mozambique
country	Amfikleia (Greek: Αμφίκλεια, before 1915: Δαδί - Dadi) is a town and a former municipality in Phthiotis, Greece.	Amfikleia	Greece
country	Kaindy (Kyrgyz: Кайыңды; Russian: Каинды; sometimes written: Kayyngdy or Kajyngdy) is an urban-type settlement in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Kaindy	Kyrgyzstan
country	The 2001 Census of India found that Bharanikkavu had a population of 15715, with 7374 males and 8341 females.	Bharanikkavu	India
country	Myśliborki (mɨɕliˈbɔrki) (German: Mützelburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przelewice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Myśliborki	Poland
country	Dvir (Hebrew: דְּבִיר), also known as Dvira (Hebrew: דְּבִירָה), is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Dvir	Israel
country	Sozak (Kazakh: Созақ, also Romanized Suzak) is a village in Sozak District, South Kazakhstan Region, Kazakhstan.	Sozak	Kazakhstan
country	Schimmert is after Ubachsberg the highest church village in the Netherlands.	Schimmert	Netherlands
country	Trial Farm is a village near Orange Walk Town in the Orange Walk District of the nation of Belize.	Trial Farm	Belize
country	Abukuma-do (阿武隈洞 - Abukuma Cave) is a limestone cave located in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.	Abukuma-do	Japan
country	The Alhorines Valley (Spanish: Valle de los Alhorines) is a valley and a major grain producing area of the provinces of Albacete, Alicante and Valencia in Spain.	Alhorines Valley	Spain
country	The Kremnica Mountains (Slovak: Kremnické vrchy, Hungarian: Körmöci-hegység, German: Kremnitzer Berge) are a volcanic mountain range in central Slovakia.	Kremnica Mountains	Slovakia
country	Manoteras is an area in northern of Madrid, Spain which belongs to the district of Hortaleza and the administrative district of Apóstol Santiago.	Manoteras	Spain
country	German submarine U-216 was a Type VIID mine-laying U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. Her keel was laid down 1 January 1941 by Germaniawerft in Kiel as yard number 648.	German submarine U-216	Nazi Germany
country	The Bas-Vendômois is a small district in central- western France, consisting of the 14 communes of the canton of Montoire-sur-le-Loir, in the arrondissement of Vendôme, département of Loir-et-Cher, France.	Bas-Vendômois	France
country	Sorurabad (Persian: سروراباد‎, also Romanized as Sorūrābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sorurabad	Iran
country	Quebec Lithium Mine was a lithium mine in Quebec, Canada.	Quebec Lithium Mine	Canada
country	Ahmetovci (Cyrillic: Ахметовци) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ahmetovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bützow is a town in the district of Rostock in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany, centered around Bützower See.	Bützow	Germany
country	Kefalas is a village and a community on the island of Crete, Greece, 282m above sea level.	Kefalas	Greece
country	Villoslada is a municipality located in the countryside Syracuse in Castilla y Leon, Spain.	Villoslada	Spain
country	Anton Breinl Centre also has one of the largest Master of Public Health programs in Australasia and is one of only a small number of Schools in Australia to receive funding from the Commonwealth Public Health Education and Research Program.	Anton Breinl Centre	Australia
country	Daruiyeh-ye Bala (Persian: داروئيه بالا‎, also Romanized as Dārūīyeh-e Bālā; also known as Dārūeeyeh) is a village in Esmaili Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Daruiyeh-ye Bala	Iran
country	Victorias, officially the City of Victorias or often referred to as Victorias City, is a fourth class city in the province of Negros Occidental, Philippines.	Victorias	Philippines
country	Aalborg University is a Danish university located mainly in Aalborg, Denmark with campuses in Aalborg, Esbjerg and Copenhagen.	Aalborg University	Denmark
country	Jugin (Persian: جوگين‎, also Romanized as Jūgīn and Jowgīn; also known as Jūgan and Jowgan) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jugin	Iran
country	Frederiksberg Courthouse (Danish: Frederiksberg Domhus) is a courthouse in Frederiksberg, an independent municipality in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frederiksberg Courthouse	Denmark
country	Uijeongbu City Hall Station (Hangul: 의정부시청역; hanja: 議政府市廳驛) is a station of the U Line in Uijeongbu-dong, Uijeongbu, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Uijeongbu City Hall Station	South Korea
country	Charazani or Charasani is a small town in the South American Andes in Bolivia.	Charazani	Bolivia
country	Romsdalshalvøya, sometimes translated as the Romsdal Peninsula is a 1,560-square-kilometre (600 sq mi) peninsula located in the Romsdal district of Møre og Romsdal county in Norway.	Romsdalshalvøya	Norway
country	Arab Sorang (Persian: عرب سرنگ‎, also Romanized as ``Arab Sorang) is a village in Aqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,059, in 215 families.	Arab Sorang	Iran
country	Janan Lu (Persian: جانانلو‎, also Romanized as Jānān Lū and Jānānlū) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Janan Lu	Iran
country	Zenonu (also, Zenoni) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Zenonu	Azerbaijan
country	Saint-Hubert Air Base (Base de Saint-Hubert) (ICAO: EBSU) is a military airport located at 50°02′00``N 005°26′17''E, northeast of Saint-Hubert, a municipality in the Luxembourg province of Wallonia (Belgium).	Saint-Hubert Air Base	Belgium
country	Bucher Hydraulics located in Klettgau-Griessen, Germany is the internationally active hydraulic division of the Swiss conglomerate Bucher Industries, Niederweningen (ZH), a corporation listed on the SWX Swiss Stock Exchange.	Bucher Hydraulics	Germany
country	Sternowo (stɛrˈnɔvɔ) (German: Sternau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sternowo	Poland
country	Marble Palace (Мраморный дворец) is one of the first Neoclassical palaces in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Marble Palace	Russia
country	Soda Creek is a rural subdivision 38 km north of Williams Lake in British Columbia, Canada.	Soda Creek	Canada
country	Posta Ybycua is a division (compañía) of the city Capiatá in Central Department, Paraguay.	Posta Ybycua	Paraguay
country	The Château de Diedendorf is a Renaissance style château situated in the commune of Diedendorf in the département of Bas-Rhin, Alsace, France.	Château de Diedendorf	France
country	Kornowac (kɔrˈnɔvat͡s) is a village in Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kornowac	Poland
country	La Salle College Antipolo, or La Salle Antipolo, is a Lasallian educational institution located in Antipolo City, Rizal, in the Philippines.	La Salle College Antipolo	Philippines
country	The Élysée Treaty was a treaty of friendship between France and West Germany, signed by President Charles de Gaulle and Chancellor Konrad Adenauer on January 22, 1963 at the Élysée Palace in Paris.	Élysée Treaty	France	Germany
country	Nowa Wieś Lubińska (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ luˈbiɲska) (German: Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polkowice, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowa Wieś Lubińska	Poland
country	Farengeh (Persian: فرنگه‎) is a village in Mahru Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Farengeh	Iran
country	Katari River (Aymara katari snake, ``snake river'', hispanicized spelling Catari) which upstream successively is named Jach'a Jawira, Colorado, Mani and then Colorado again is a river in the La Paz Department of Bolivia, about 90 km long, southeast of Lake Titicaca.	Katari River	Bolivia
country	Anuvanahalli is a panchayat village in the hobli of Shivani, Tarikere, Chikkamagaluru, Karnataka, India.	Anuvanahalli	India
country	Alrekstad (Norwegian:Kongsgården på Alrekstad, Old Norse: Álreksstaðir) was one of the largest royal estates on the west coast of Norway during the early Middle Ages.	Alrekstad	Norway
country	Stora Le or Lesjön in Swedish and Store Le in Norwegian is a lake in Dalsland, Sweden, the northern end of which proceeds into Norway and into Värmland, where it continues as Lake Foxen.	Stora Le	Sweden	Norway
country	Đurđenovac is a municipality in Slavonia, in the Osijek-Baranja County of Croatia.	Đurđenovac	Croatia
country	Münzesheim is a part of the town Kraichtal in the district of Karlsruhe in northwestern of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Münzesheim	Germany
country	Chah Gir (Persian: چاه گير‎, also Romanized as Chāh Gīr) is a village in Jandaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chah Gir	Iran
country	Katowice historic train station was the main railway station of Katowice, in the Silesia region of what is now Poland.	Katowice historic train station	Poland
country	Glorieta de Bilbao is a star shaped roundabout located in Madrid, Spain; named after the city of Bilbao.	Glorieta de Bilbao	Spain
country	The Louise Bridge crosses the Bow River in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Louise Bridge	Canada
country	Lake Kwania is in the districts of Lira, Apac and Amolatar in the Northern Region of Uganda.	Lake Kwania	Uganda
country	Chasht Khvor (Persian: چاشت خور‎, also Romanized as Chāsht Khvor, Chāsht Khur, and Chāshtkhvār; also known as Chāsht Khowd and Jāsht Khowr) is a village in Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chasht Khvor	Iran
country	Markham Valley is a geographical area in Papua New Guinea.	Markham Valley	Papua New Guinea
country	Gornji Stajevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Горњи Стајевац, (beǒɡrad)) is a village in the municipality of Trgovište, in southeastern Serbia.	Gornji Stajevac	Serbia
country	Avdi (Persian: اودي‎, also Romanized as Āvdī) is a village in Targavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Avdi	Iran
country	Hyderabad Colony (Urdu: حیدرآباد کالونی‎) is a neighborhood of Gulshan Town, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Hyderabad Colony	Pakistan
country	The European University of Tirana (Albanian: Universiteti Europian i Tiranës, UET) is a private for-profit (NDOSHTA) university in Tirana, Albania.	European University of Tirana	Albania
country	Çuxur Qəbələ (also, Chukhurkabala and Chukhur-Kebele) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çuxur Qəbələ	Azerbaijan
country	By July 1955, the Junge Union of Germany held a meeting at Haus Steineck, because they could not afford a more expensive location.	Haus Steineck	Germany
country	Hyen Church (Norwegian: Hyen kyrkje) is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Hyen Church	Norway
country	Gwagwarwa is a slum in Nigeria.	Gwagwarwa	Nigeria
country	Lake Guerlédan is an artificial lake in the centre of Brittany, France.	Lake Guerlédan	France
country	Milano Film Festival (MFF), also known as Milan Film Festival, is an annual film festival held since 1996 in Milan, Italy.	Milano Film Festival	Italy
country	Chobe National Park, in northern Botswana, has one of the largest concentrations of game in Africa.	Chobe National Park	Botswana
country	Lèves is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in Northern France.	Lèves	France
country	Chojane-Bąki (xɔˈjanɛ ˈbɔnki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chojane-Bąki	Poland
country	Sulab (Persian: سولاب‎, also Romanized as Sūlāb) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sulab	Iran
country	Kołomąt (kɔˈwɔmɔnt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kołomąt	Poland
country	Poseidonos Avenue (Greek: Λεωφόρος Ποσειδώνος), also known as Paraliaki (Παραλιακή), is a coastal road in Athens, Greece.	Poseidonos Avenue	Greece
country	Zarzir (Arabic: زرزير‎, Hebrew: זַרְזִיר), or Beit Zarzir, is an Arab local council located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of the city of Nazareth in Israel's North District.	Zarzir	Israel
country	Horki (Belarusian: Горкі, (ˈɣorkʲi)) is a town in the Mogilev Region of Belarus, an administrative center of the Horki Raion.	Horki	Belarus
country	Saint-Mathias/Grant Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSX5), is located 2.7 nautical miles (5.0 km; 3.1 mi) southeast of Saint-Mathias-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Mathias/Grant Aerodrome	Canada
country	Musk railway station is a railway station at the locality of Musk, in central Victoria, Australia.	Musk railway station	Australia
country	Kushk-e Mehdi (Persian: كوشك مهدي‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Mehdī; also known as Kūtoshk-e Mehdī) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Mehdi	Iran
country	City of Wagga Wagga is a local government area in the Riverina region of south-western New South Wales, Australia.	City of Wagga Wagga	Australia
country	Motithang is a north-western suburb of Thimphu, Bhutan.	Motithang	Bhutan
country	Novocheboksarsk (Russian: Новочебокса́рск; Chuvash: Çěнě Шупашкар, Şĕnĕ Šupaškar) is a city in the Chuvash Republic, Russia, located on the southern bank of the Volga River, about 3 kilometers (1.9 mi) east of Cheboksary, the capital of the republic.	Novocheboksarsk	Russia
country	The Cingino Dam is a gravity masonry dam located 7 kilometres (4 mi) southwest of Antrona Schieranco, Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in Piedmont, Italy.	Cingino Dam	Italy
country	Hajji Mamdan (Persian: حاجي ممدان‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Mamdān; also known as Haji Mamadan, Hāji Māmdān, Ḩājī Mamedān, Ḩajī Moḩammad Dān, Ḩājjī Moḩammadān, and Ḩājj Mamz̄ān) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hajji Mamdan	Iran
country	Engenes is a small fishing village in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county, Norway.	Engenes	Norway
country	The Kwun Yótasi Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located north of Tchentlo Lake and Nation Lakes in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Kwun Yótasi Range	Canada
country	Salka (Hungarian: Ipolyszalka) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Salka	Slovakia
country	Cuartel de Santa Lucia is a ruined building in Intramuros, Manila, the Philippines.	Cuartel de Santa Lucia	Philippines
country	Natesan Park is a park in T.Nagar, Chennai, India.	Natesan Park	India
country	The Buengui River is a small river of Gabon.	Buengui River	Gabon
country	The Thorpe Cup is an annual international decathlon and heptathlon meeting between the United States and Germany.	Thorpe Cup	Germany
country	Shree Hareshwar Vidyalaya (Marathi: श्री हरेश्वर विद्यालय ), is a higher secondary School in Karjule Hareshwar, Ahmednagar, Maharashtra, India.	Shree Hareshwar Vidyalaya	India
country	The Easter Cave (German: Osterhöhle) is a small cave in the vicinity of Trondorf (in the municipality of Neukirchen bei Sulzbach-Rosenberg) in Germany.	Easter Cave	Germany
country	Najafabad (Persian: نجف‌آباد‎‎, also Romanized as Najafābād) is a city in and the capital of Najafabad County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Najafabad	Iran
country	Saint-Chély-d'Aubrac is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France about 7 kilometres from Aubrac.	Saint-Chély-d'Aubrac	France
country	Voat Kor (Khmer: ឃុំវត្តគរ) is a khum (commune) of Battambang District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Voat Kor	Cambodia
country	Vivar or Vivar del Cid is a village of approximately 140 inhabitants, part of the municipality of Quintanilla Vivar, located 7 kilometers away from Burgos, Spain.	Vivar del Cid	Spain
country	Sterdyń (ˈstɛrdɨɲ) is a village in Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sterdyń	Poland
country	Daltrozów (dalˈtrɔzuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Daltrozów	Poland
country	Drangarnir is the collective name for two sea stacks between the islet Tindhólmur and the island Vágar in the Faroe Islands.	Drangarnir	Faroe Islands
country	Gekko Observatory is an astronomical observatory located in the Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan.	Gekko Observatory	Japan
country	Wai Sano is a volcano located in the western part of the island of Flores, Indonesia.	Wai Sano	Indonesia
country	The Rozhen Monastery of the Nativity of the Mother of God (Bulgarian: Роженски манастир ``Рождество Богородично'', Rozhenski manastir ``Rozhdestvo Bogorodichno'') is the biggest monastery in the Pirin Mountains in southwestern Bulgaria.	Rozhen Monastery	Bulgaria
country	The Palazzo Civran is a Neoclassical style palace, located between the Campiello del Remer and the smaller Palazzo Perducci on the Grand Canal in the sestiere of Cannaregio in Venice, Italy.	Palazzo Civran	Italy
country	Jernbanebroen over Limfjorden (Limfjord Railway Bridge) is an iron railway bridge over Limfjord, a shallow sound, in Denmark.	Jernbanebroen over Limfjorden	Denmark
country	Palikir (/ˈpælɪˌkɪər/) is a town with about 4,600 people and the capital of the Federated States of Micronesia in the western Pacific Ocean.	Palikir	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Benuza (Spanish pronunciation: (beˈnuθa)) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain).	Benuza	Spain
country	Anthiro (Greek: Ανθηρό) is a mountain village in the western part of the Karditsa regional unit, Greece.	Anthiro	Greece
country	The Marie Reine du Canada Pilgrimage column stops at the church of Sainte-Geneviève de Berthierville for Mass on the first day of its three-day walk from Lanoraie to Cap-de-la-Madeleine.	Berthierville	Canada
country	Badagry (traditionally Gbagle) is a coastal town and local government area (LGA) in Lagos State, Nigeria.	Badagry	Nigeria
country	Kerlouan (Breton: Kerlouan) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France not far from Brest.	Kerlouan	France
country	Gangarampur (Bengali: গঙ্গারামপুর) is the 2nd largest town and a municipality in Dakshin Dinajpur district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Gangarampur	India
country	Pangai is the administrative capital village of the Haʻapai Group in Tonga.	Pangai	Tonga
country	Gorla is a district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy.	Gorla	Italy
country	Vioolsdrif is a village on the Orange River in the north-western part of South Africa, known as Namaqualand.	Vioolsdrif	South Africa
country	Pumanuta (Aymara puma cougar, puma, -n(i) a suffix, uta house, ``house of the puma'', hispanicized spelling Pomanota) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,516 metres (18,097 ft) high.	Pumanuta	Peru
country	Woudrichem (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋʌudriɣəm); Brabantian: Woerkum) is a municipality and a city in the province of North Brabant in the Netherlands.	Woudrichem	Netherlands
country	The Penegal is a mountain of the Nonsberg group near Kaltern, South Tyrol, Italy.	Penegal	Italy
country	Pidansom (Korean: 비단섬) is a river island in the Yalu river in North Korea.	Pidansom	North Korea
country	Barciany (barˈt͡ɕanɨ) (German: Barten) is a village in Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Barciany	Poland
country	Venice International University (VIU) is an international center for higher education and research located on the island of San Servolo, in Venice, Italy.	Venice International University	Italy
country	Rafz is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the northwest of the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Rafz	Switzerland
country	The Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW or RAW) is the primary foreign intelligence agency of India.	Research and Analysis Wing	India
country	Meymac (Occitan: Maismac) is a commune in the department of Corrèze, in central France.	Meymac	France
country	Locmélar (Breton: Lokmelar) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Locmélar	France
country	Chocolá is in the San Pablo Jocopilas municipality in the southern Suchitepéquez department of Guatemala.	Chocolá	Guatemala
country	Aalto University (Finnish: Aalto-yliopisto, Swedish: Aalto-universitetet) is a university primarily located in Greater Helsinki, Finland.	Aalto University	Finland
country	Al-Saydiya is a neighborhood in the Al Rashid district of southwestern Baghdad, Iraq.	Al-Saydiya	Iraq
country	Trégunc (Breton: Tregon) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in western France.	Trégunc	France
country	Podocarpus National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Podocarpus) is a national park located in the provinces of Zamora Chinchipe and Loja, in the south-east of Ecuador.	Podocarpus National Park	Ecuador
country	Seef Mall is the second largest mall in the Kingdom of Bahrain.	Seef Mall	Bahrain
country	The Laaser Spitze, also Orgelspitze, is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Laaser Spitze	Italy
country	Zhupany (Ukrainian: Жупани́ or Жупа́нє) is a village (selo) in Skole Raion, Lviv Oblast, of western Ukraine.	Zhupany	Ukraine
country	Montferland Run is an annual 15-kilometres road running competition held in 's-Heerenberg, Montferland, Netherlands.	Montferland Run	Netherlands
country	Casteldaccia (Sicilian: Castiddaccia) is a town of 11,303 inhabitants and comune in the province of Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy, founded by Marquis Longarini.	Casteldaccia	Italy
country	Stare Wyszomierki (ˈstarɛ vɨʂɔˈmjɛrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stare Wyszomierki	Poland
country	Qaryat al Misḩak (قرية المسحك) is a village in Saladin Province, Iraq that overlooks the banks of the Tigris River.	Qaryat al Misḩak	Iraq
country	Pyrzyce (pɨˈʐɨt͡sɛ) (German: Pyritz, Kashubian: Përzëca), is a town in Pomerania, north-western Poland, with 13,331 inhabitants (2007).	Pyrzyce	Poland
country	Boularderie Island (pronounced ``bull-la-dree'') is an island separating the Cabot Strait from Bras d'Or Lake on the eastern coast of Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Boularderie Island	Canada
country	Dawu Station (Chinese: 大武車站; pinyin: Dàwǔ Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) South-Link Line located in Dawu Township, Taitung County, Taiwan.	Dawu Station	Taiwan
country	Subhash Marg is a road located in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh in India, that travels through Pandariba, Naka Hindola, Raniganj, Pandeyganj and Rakabganj Chauraha.	Subhash Marg	India
country	Kebri Beyah (also spelled Kebribeyah, Qebri Beyah, Gabribagia, Gabribaja, Qabribayah, Somali: Qabribayax) is a town in southeastern Ethiopia.	Kebri Beyah	Ethiopia
country	Aegina (/iːˈdʒaɪnə/; Greek: Αίγινα, Aígina (ˈeʝina)) is one of the Saronic Islands of Greece in the Saronic Gulf, 27 km (17 mi) from Athens.	Aegina	Greece
country	The Pécs TV Tower is a television tower in Pécs, Hungary, measuring 176 metres, with a publicly accessible observation deck at a height of 75 metres, and a restaurant at 72 metres.	Pécs TV Tower	Hungary
country	Gida Kiremu is one of woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.	Gida Kiremu	Ethiopia
country	Trzęsowice (tʂɛ̃sɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Trzęsowice	Poland
country	The Bakun Dam is an embankment dam located in Sarawak, Malaysia, on the Balui River, a tributary or source of the Rajang River and some sixty kilometres west of Belaga.	Bakun Dam	Malaysia
country	Czysta Dębina (ˈt͡ʂɨsta dɛmˈbʲina) (Ukrainian: Чиста Дубина, Chysta Dubyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Czysta Dębina	Poland
country	Emi Koussi is a high pyroclastic shield volcano that lies at the southeast end of the Tibesti Mountains in the central Sahara of northern Chad.	Emi Koussi	Chad
country	Oulu Music Video Festival is an annual music video festival held in late August in Oulu, Finland.	Oulu Music Video Festival	Finland
country	Frederiksø is a small island in the port of Svendborg, Denmark, which until 2001 housed Svendborg Skibsværft.	Frederiksø	Denmark
country	The Pontremolese is a cattle breed from Tuscany in central Italy.	Pontremolese	Italy
country	Mirotice (German: Mirotitz) is a town in the Czech Republic.	Mirotice	Czech Republic
country	An Indian settlement is a census subdivision outlined by the Canadian government Department of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada for census purposes.	Indian settlement	Canada
country	Nahanni National Park Reserve in the Dehcho Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada, approximately 500 km (311 mi) west of Yellowknife, protects a portion of the Mackenzie Mountains Natural Region.	Nahanni National Park Reserve	Canada
country	Kastelli Hill (also Kasteli; Greek: Λόφος Καστέλλι or Καστέλι) is a landform at the city of Chania on the island of Crete in the present day country of Greece.	Kastelli Hill	Greece
country	Khaitan Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kuwait.	Khaitan Stadium	Kuwait
country	Byron Tramway Park is a municipal park in Kitchissippi Ward and Bay Ward in Ottawa, Canada.	Byron Tramway Park	Canada
country	Weustenrade is a village in the Netherlands, province Limburg, mun.	Weustenrade	Netherlands
country	The Northern Alberta Institute of Technology (NAIT) is a polytechnic and applied sciences institute located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Northern Alberta Institute of Technology	Canada
country	The Bauland is no. 128 in the classification system of the Handbook of Natural Region Divisions of Germany.	Bauland	Germany
country	Jakšiči (pronounced (ˈjaːkʃitʃi); in older sources also Jakšič, German: Jakschitz) is a small settlement to the west of Fara in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Jakšiči	Slovenia
country	Ursula Franklin Academy (colloquially known as UFA; pronounced as oo-fah) is a high school located in the High Park neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada owned by the Toronto Board of Education until its merger into the Toronto District School Board.	Ursula Franklin Academy	Canada
country	TAFE Queensland SkillsTech (previously SkillsTech Australia and Trade and Technician Skills Institute) is part of the TAFE Queensland vocational education and training system and a pre-eminent provider of specialist trade and technical training in Queensland.	TAFE Queensland SkillsTech	Australia
country	The Ramsar Palace is one of the historic buildings and royal residences in Iran.	Ramsar Palace	Iran
country	Classic Sud-Ardèche (also known as the Souvenir Francis Delpech) is a road bicycle race held annually in late-February in the Ardèche department of France.	Classic Sud-Ardèche	France
country	Al Meethaq (جمعية ميثاق العمل الوطني), or the 'National Action Charter Society', is a liberal political party in Bahrain.	Al Meethaq	Bahrain
country	Zargar Bagh (Persian: زرگرباغ‎, also Romanized as Zargar Bāgh) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zargar Bagh	Iran
country	Bolama is the closest of the Bijagós Islands to the mainland of Guinea-Bissau, and is also the name of the island's main town, the capital of the Bolama Region.	Bolama	Guinea-Bissau
country	The Joint List (Hebrew: הרשימה המשותפת‎, HaReshima HaMeshutefet; Arabic: القائمة المشتركة‎, al-Qa'imah al-Mushtarakah) is a political alliance of four Arab-dominated parties in Israel--	Joint List	Israel
country	Kashiwanoha (柏の葉)(``Oak Leaf'') is located in the Chiba Prefecture of Japan, less than 25 minutes by Tsukuba Express, Tokyo's fastest private railway, from Akihabara (秋葉原), Tokyo.	Kashiwanoha	Japan
country	Jugorje pri Metliki (pronounced (ˈjuːɡɔɾjɛ pɾi mɛˈtliːki)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Jugorje pri Metliki	Slovenia
country	Pakra is a river in western Slavonia and central Croatia, a left tributary of Lonja-Trebež.	Pakra	Croatia
country	Žaliakalnis Funicular Railway is a funicular railway in Kaunas, Lithuania.	Žaliakalnis Funicular Railway	Lithuania
country	Now Bagh (Persian: نوباغ‎, also Romanized as Now Bāgh) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Now Bagh	Iran
country	Šipovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Шипово) is a town and municipality in central Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šipovo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Numinbah Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located on the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Numinbah Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Cham Khalifeh (Persian: چم خليفه‎, also Romanized as Cham Khalīfeh and Cham-e Khalīfeh) is a village in Saman Rural District, Saman District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Cham Khalifeh	Iran
country	Piešťany ( pronunciation ; German: Pistyan; Hungarian: Pöstyén, Polish: Pieszczany) is a town in Slovakia.	Piešťany	Slovakia
country	Colaba Causeway, officially known as Shahid Bhagat Singh Road, is a commercial street, and a major causeway or land link between Colaba and the Old Woman's Island in the city of Mumbai, India.	Colaba Causeway	India
country	It is important however, in the history of Tonga as being the originating seat (in the beginning of the 17th century) of the Tuʻi Kanokupolu dynasty, to which the current king of Tonga still traces his descent.	Kanokupolu	Tonga
country	The Smolny Institute (Russian: Смольный институт, Smol'niy institut) is a Palladian edifice in St Petersburg that has played a major part in the history of Russia.	Smolny Institute	Russia
country	Residenz Ansbach (Ansbach Residence), also known as Markgrafenschloß, is a palace in Ansbach, Germany.	Ansbach Residence	Germany
country	Mount Alayta is a shield volcano in the Afar Region of Ethiopia.	Mount Alayta	Ethiopia
country	The Bodegas Faustino vineyard is located in Spain within the wine producing region of Rioja, in the province of Alava in the Basque Country, but only 5 km (3 miles) from Logrono	Bodegas Faustino	Spain
country	Strange Advance was a Canadian new wave band formed in 1982 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Strange Advance	Canada
country	The Lutheran Church in Mošovce (Slovakia) belongs to the Augsburg Denomination of the Lutheran Church and was built in 1864 -- 1871 after the acquisition of religious freedoms in the contemporary Hungary, allowing lutheran parishers to construct their own church with a tower.	Lutheran Church in Mošovce	Slovakia
country	Drogowa Trasa Średnicowa (DTŚ, can be translated as diametral highway or central highway) is a highway in Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Drogowa Trasa Średnicowa	Poland
country	Mowtowr-e Amir (Persian: موتورامير‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Amīr) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Amir	Iran
country	CJMT-DT, virtual and UHF digital channel 40, is an Omni Television owned-and-operated television station located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	CJMT-DT	Canada
country	Busted Heads Records was an independent record label operating between 1997 and 2004 in Umeå, Sweden.	Busted Heads Records	Sweden
country	Kirkelandet Church (Norwegian: Kirkelandet Kirke) is the main parish church for Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Kirkelandet Church	Norway
country	Tymfaia (Greek: Τυμφαία) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Tymfaia	Greece
country	Qazan Daghi (Persian: قازان داغي‎, also Romanized as Qāzān Dāghī; also known as Qārān Dāghī) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qazan Daghi	Iran
country	The 2009 Melbourne Cup, the 149th running of Australia's most prestigious Thoroughbred horse race was run on Tuesday, 3 November 2009, starting at 3:00 PM local time (0400 UTC).	2009 Melbourne Cup	Australia
country	Alonistaina (Greek: Αλωνίσταινα) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Falanthos, Arcadia, Greece.	Alonistaina	Greece
country	Gargiu (Persian: گرگيو‎, also Romanized as Gargīū) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gargiu	Iran
country	Acate (Sicilian: Acati) is a small town and comune in the south of Sicily, Italy, part of the province of Ragusa.	Acate	Italy
country	Polkowice (pɔlkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) (German: Polkwitz, 1937--1945 Heerwegen) is a town in south-western Poland.	Polkowice	Poland
country	According to Census of India 2011, Ghanghauli had a population of 3048.	Ghanghauli	India
country	Ponte de Mem Gutierres is a Romanesque bridge in Portugal, located in the civil parish of Esperança e Brunhais, in the municipality of Póvoa de Lanhoso.	Ponte de Mem Gutierres	Portugal
country	Gorakhpur Airport (IATA: GOP, ICAO: VEGK) is an airport located in Gorakhpur, in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Gorakhpur Airport	India
country	Darun Kola-ye Gharbi (Persian: درونكلاغربي‎, also Romanized as Darūn Kolā-ye Gharbī; also known as Darūn Kalā and Darūn Kolā) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darun Kola-ye Gharbi	Iran
country	Saindak (Urdu: سیندک‎), is a town in Chagai District, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Saindak	Pakistan
country	Talheh (Persian: طلحه‎, also Romanized as Ţalḩeh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Bushkan District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Talheh	Iran
country	Arivonimamo Air Base (ICAO: FMMA), or simply Antananarivo Arivonimamo Air Base, is a military airport located in Arivonimamo, Madagascar.	Arivonimamo Air Base	Madagascar
country	Te Teko is a small inland township in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island.	Te Teko	New Zealand
country	Babaylı (also, Babayly and Babayli) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Babaylı	Azerbaijan
country	Galu Rud (Persian: گلورود‎, also Romanized as Galū Rūd; also known as Galī Rūd, Gal Rūd, and Golī Rūd) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Galu Rud	Iran
country	Malkiar is located in Haripur District in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan, its geographical coordinates are 34° 0' 31`` North, 72° 55' 31'' East and its original name (with diacritics) is Malkiār.	Malkiar	Pakistan
country	The Vilamajó House Museum (Spanish: Museo Casa Vilamajó) is located in the house that the architect Julio Vilamajó built for his family in 1930 in Montevideo, being the first modern dwelling to open its doors as a museum house in Uruguay.	Vilamajó House Museum	Uruguay
country	Darvish Kandi (Persian: درويش كندي ‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh Kandī; also known as Mokhtār Kandī, Nāyebar Kandī, and Nāyeb Kandī) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darvish Kandi	Iran
country	Rozhdestvenskaya Khava (Russian: Рожде́ственская Ха́ва) is a rural locality (a selo) in Novousmansky District of Voronezh Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Khava River 35 kilometers (22 mi) from Voronezh.	Rozhdestvenskaya Khava	Russia
country	Mabopane is a Township in South Africa.	Mabopane	South Africa
country	Madacom is a telecommunications and Internet service provider in Madagascar.	Madacom	Madagascar
country	Syros Island National Airport (Greek: Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Σύρου) (IATA: JSY, ICAO: LGSO) is an airport serving Syros Island in Greece.	Syros Island National Airport	Greece
country	Rhein-Selz is a Verbandsgemeinde (``collective municipality'') in the district Mainz-Bingen in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Rhein-Selz	Germany
country	Motala Motor Museum is a museum in Motala harbour, Sweden.	Motala Motor Museum	Sweden
country	The Commune of Kinama is a commune of Bujumbura in northwest Burundi.	Commune of Kinama	Burundi
country	Posthoorn is the restaurant of Suitehotel De Posthoorn in Monnickendam, Netherlands.	Posthoorn	Netherlands
country	Rishamn is a beach on Korsneset just outside Krokeide in Bergen (Norway).	Rishamn	Norway
country	Schimatari (Greek: Σχηματάρι) is a town and a former municipality in Boeotia, Greece.	Schimatari	Greece
country	Dzithankov (Armenian: Ձիթհանքով, also Romanized as Dzit’hank’ov, Dzithanqov, Dzitkhankov, and Dzitankov; until 1966, Bazirkhana and Bagirhana) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Dzithankov	Armenia
country	The roots of Demag date back prior to its formation, but became Märkische Maschinenbau-Anstalt, Ludwig A.-G in 1906 as the biggest crane building company in Germany employing 250-300 people.	Demag	Germany
country	Garden 5 (hangul: 가든파이브) in Songpa-gu, Seoul is one of South Korea's largest cultural centers.	Garden 5	South Korea
country	Uggerslev is a village in Nordfyn municipality on the island of Funen, Denmark, with a population of 370 (1 January 2014).	Uggerslev	Denmark
country	Grabienice (ɡrabjɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Grabienice	Poland
country	Rybałty (rɨˈbau̯tɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rybałty	Poland
country	Tafa is a Local Government Area in Niger State, Nigeria, adjoining the Federal Capital Territory.	Tafa	Nigeria
country	Wülflingen Castle (German: Schloss Wülflingen) is a castle in the city of Winterthur and the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.	Wülflingen Castle	Switzerland
country	FELDA Lok Heng is a settlement town in Johor, Malaysia.	FELDA Lok Heng	Malaysia
country	The Stabina is a stream in the Bergamo Alps of northern Italy.	Stabina	Italy
country	Maralal is a small hillside market town in northern Kenya, lying east of the Loroghi Plateau within Samburu County.	Maralal	Kenya
country	Tha Khao Plueak (Thai: ท่าข้าวเปลือก) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Chan District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Tha Khao Plueak	Thailand
country	Teachers Mutual Bank Limited (formerly the New South Wales Teachers Credit Union) is one of the largest mutual banks in Australia, with more than 156,000 members and assets of $4.22 billion.	Teachers Mutual Bank	Australia
country	Ministry of Information Technology and Communications (Spanish: Ministerio de Tecnologías de la Información y las Comunicaciones), is the national executive ministry of the Government of Colombia responsible for overseeing the information and communication technologies, telecommunications and broadcasting industries in Colombia.	Ministry of Information Technology	Colombia
country	The Ross River Meatworks Chimney is a landmark located in Townsville, Queensland, Australia.	Ross River Meatworks Chimney	Australia
country	Quinta da Regaleira is an estate located near the historic center of Sintra, Portugal.	Quinta da Regaleira	Portugal
country	Barangay Dayangdang is one of the 27 Barangay of the City of Naga in the Province of Camarines Sur, Bicol Region of the Philippines.	Dayangdang	Philippines
country	Les Disques du Crépuscule is an independent record label founded in Belgium.	Les Disques du Crépuscule	Belgium
country	Cremona Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Cremona, Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta), dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Cremona, Lombardy, northern Italy.	Cremona Cathedral	Italy
country	Mamraz Koti (Persian: ممرزكتي‎, also Romanized as Mamraz Kotī) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mamraz Koti	Iran
country	Malosco is located along the SS42 road in northeastern Italy in the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region.	Malosco	Italy
country	Bercianos del Páramo (Spanish pronunciation: (berˈθjanoz ðel ˈpaɾamo), Leonese: Bercianos del Páramu) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Bercianos del Páramo	Spain
country	Mowtowr-e Riazi (Persian: موتور رياضي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Rīāẕī; also known as Mowtowr-e Rīāẕ) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Riazi	Iran
country	Energoatom, full name National Nuclear Energy Generating Company of Ukraine (Ukrainian: НАЕК ``Енергоатом'') is a Ukrainian state enterprise operating all four nuclear power stations in Ukraine.	Energoatom	Ukraine
country	Østerbro Stadium is a combined football and athletics stadium in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Østerbro Stadium	Denmark
country	Hororata is a small settlement at the northwestern edge of the Canterbury Plains in the South Island of New Zealand.	Hororata	New Zealand
country	The Romelia Wildlife Refuge is a 415-acre (1.68 km2) Wildlife refuge in Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, near Montezuma, Costa Rica on the Nicoya Peninsula.	Romelia Wildlife Refuge	Costa Rica
country	Bad Honnef is a spa town in Germany near Bonn in the Rhein-Sieg district, North Rhine-Westphalia.	Bad Honnef	Germany
country	Kat Siah (Persian: كت سياه‎, also Romanized as Kat Sīāh) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kat Siah	Iran
country	The Canadian Institute of Actuaries (CIA) is the national organization of the actuarial profession in Canada.	Canadian Institute of Actuaries	Canada
country	Sense District (German: Sensebezirk, French: District de la Singine) is one of the seven administrative districts of the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland, and the only completely German-speaking one.	Sense District	Switzerland
country	Hoeilaart (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦui̯laːrt)) is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant, Belgium.	Hoeilaart	Belgium
country	Defense Industry Complex, Isfahan (Persian: مجتمع صنايع دفاع اصفهان‎ -- Mojtame`-ye Şanāīʿ Defāʿ-ye Eşfahān) is a village and company town in Ashiyan Rural District, in the Central District of Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Defense Industry Complex, Isfahan	Iran
country	Kusahlar (Persian: كوسه لر‎, also Romanized as Kūsahlar and Kūsehlar; also known as Kossehlar, Kusahiar, Kusalar, and Kūzehlar) is a village in Ijrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kusahlar	Iran
country	Razer Airport (IATA: KUR, ICAO: OARZ) is a public use airport serving Koran va Monjan, Badakhshan, Afghanistan.	Razer Airport	Afghanistan
country	Yusefabad-e Khaleseh (Persian: يوسف ابادخالصه‎, also Romanized as Yūsefābād-e Khāleṣeh; also known as Yūsefābād, Yūsofābād, and Yūsufābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Yusefabad-e Khaleseh	Iran
country	The Port of Jiangyin is a natural inland port located at Jiangyin, Wuxi Prefecture, Jiangsu, People's Republic of China.	Port of Jiangyin	People's Republic of China
country	Solnechnodolsk (Russian: Солнечнодольск) is an urban locality (a settlement) in Izobilnensky District of Stavropol Krai, Russia, located on the Yegorlyk River.	Solnechnodolsk	Russia
country	CFMT-DT, UHF channel 47, is a Omni Television owned-and-operated television station located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that serves the flagship station of the network.	CFMT-DT	Canada
country	Horyniec-Zdrój (xɔˈrɨɲet͡s ˈzdrui̯) (Ukrainian: Горинець, Horynets'') is a village in Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from the border with Ukraine.	Horyniec-Zdrój	Poland
country	Jan Mohammadchahi (Persian: جان محمدچاهی ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jan Mohammadchahi	Iran
country	Ryahovo (Bulgarian: Ряхово) is a village in northern Bulgaria.	Ryahovo	Bulgaria
country	The Islas Secas (Dry Islands) is a small archipelago in the Gulf of Chiriqui on the Pacific coast of Panama consisting of about sixteen islands.	Islas Secas	Panama
country	Ritoznoj (pronounced (ˈɾiːtɔznɔi̯); in older sources also Ritosnoj, German: Rittersberg) is a settlement in the foothills of the Pohorje range, just north of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Ritoznoj	Slovenia
country	Ojuelos de Jalisco is a colonial city and municipality in the state of Jalisco, Mexico.	Ojuelos de Jalisco	Mexico
country	Hopp initiated negotiations to merge FC Astoria Walldorf, TSG Hoffenheim, and SV Sandhausen to create FC Heidelberg 06 with the long-term objective of reaching the Bundesliga, Germany's first division league.	FC Astoria Walldorf	Germany
country	Svangaskarð (pronounced (ˈsvɛŋkaskɛaɹ)) or Tofta Leikvøllur is a multi-purpose stadium in Toftir, Faroe Islands with two football fields and a sports arena for athletics around the lower field.	Svangaskarð	Faroe Islands
country	Pomerol (Occitan: Pomerol) is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Pomerol	France
country	Bjelasica (Cyrillic: Бјеласица, pronounced (bjɛlǎsitsa)) is a mountain range in North Central Montenegro.	Bjelasica	Montenegro
country	Christchurch Central City is the geographical centre and the heart of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Christchurch Central City	New Zealand
country	Ergani (Ottoman Turkish: عثمانيه Osmaniye, Kurdish: Erxenî, Zazaki: Erğeni), formerly known as Arghni or Arghana, is a district of Diyarbakır Province of Turkey.	Ergani	Turkey
country	Nemunuiyeh (Persian: نمونوييه‎, also Romanized as Nemūnū’īyeh) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nemunuiyeh	Iran
country	Anbaran (Persian: عنبران‎, also Romanized as ``Anbarān) is a city in and the capital of Anbaran District, in Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,161 with 1,532 families.	Anbaran	Iran
country	Korea Railroad Corporation (Korean: 한국철도공사, Hanja: 韓國鐵道公社), promoted as Korail (코레일), is the national railroad operator in South Korea.	Korail	South Korea
country	Gav Kosh-e Sofla (Persian: گاوكش سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gāv Kosh-e Soflá) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gav Kosh-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Minister of Labour and Employment is the head of the Ministry of Labour and Employment and one of the cabinet ministers of the Government of India.	Minister of Labour and Employment	India
country	Waaia (/ˈweɪaɪ/ WAY-eye) is a town in northern Victoria, Australia in the Shire of Moira local government area, 228 kilometres (142 mi) north of the state capital, Melbourne.	Waaia	Australia
country	The Mindel is a river in Bavaria, southern Germany.	Mindel	Germany
country	Bunbury Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in Bunbury, a regional centre 175 kilometres (109 mi) south of Perth, Western Australia.	Bunbury Senior High School	Australia
country	Gourie Cave is a large river cave in Manchester Parish in west-central Jamaica.	Gourie Cave	Jamaica
country	Walbran Island is an island in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.	Walbran Island	Canada
country	Siemiątki (ɕeˈmjɔntki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Siemiątki	Poland
country	The Luanda International School in Luanda, Angola is a private, non-profit, coeducational day school, which offers an educational program from pre-school through to grade 12.	Luanda International School	Angola
country	Kendriya Vidyalaya Karwar is a central government school in Karwar, Karnataka State, India.	Kendriya Vidyalaya Karwar	India
country	The School Curriculum and Standards Authority is the statutory authority responsible for developing school curriculum and standards in education across Western Australia.	School Curriculum and Standards Authority	Australia
country	The Fitzmaurice River is a river in Australia's Northern Territory.	Fitzmaurice River	Australia
country	Thatchfield Great Cave is a large cave in Saint Ann Parish near the north coast of Jamaica.	Thatchfield Great Cave	Jamaica
country	Hovedøya or Hovedøen is one of several small islands off the coast of Oslo, Norway in the Oslofjord.	Hovedøya	Norway
country	Lejonbacken (Swedish: ``Lion Slope'') is a system of ramps leading up to the northern entrance of the Royal Palace in Stockholm, Sweden.	Lejonbacken	Sweden
country	Santa Cruz/Graciosa Bay/Luova Airport is an airport serving Santa Cruz Islands, Graciosa Bay, and Luova in the Solomon Islands (IATA: SCZ, ICAO: AGGL).	Santa Cruz/Graciosa Bay/Luova Airport	Solomon Islands
country	Triadi is a village near Thermi, Thessaloniki regional unit, northern Greece.	Triadi	Greece
country	Tarfaya (Arabic: طرفاية‎ - Ṭarfāya) is a town, previously also known as Villa Bens during the Spanish period, located in the Tarfaya Province of the Laâyoune-Sakia El Hamra region of southwestern Morocco.	Tarfaya	Morocco
country	Üzümçülük is a village in the municipality of Nərimanabad in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Üzümçülük	Azerbaijan
country	The Escola Superior Agrária de Coimbra (ESAC), in English the Agrarian School of Coimbra, is a state-run polytechnic higher education school of agriculture, based in Coimbra, Portugal.	Escola Superior Agrária de Coimbra	Portugal
country	Garh Maharaja is a town and Union council of Ahmedpur Sial Tehsil in the Jhang District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Garh Maharaja	Pakistan
country	Pic de Neige Cordier is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins range, located in the Hautes-Alpes département of France.	Pic de Neige Cordier	France
country	Djibrosso (also spelled Djiboroso) is a town in north-western Ivory Coast.	Djibrosso	Ivory Coast
country	Hatun Sallika (Quechua hatun big, sallika rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis), ``big rosemary'', hispanicized spelling Jatun Sallica) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Hatun Sallika	Peru
country	Bedsted Thy station is a railway station serving the small railway town of Bedsted in Thy, Denmark.	Bedsted Thy station	Denmark
country	The Freemason's Grave, Helsinki, Finland, is a grave monument north west of the Kaisaniemi Botanical Gardens, on a grassy knoll.	Freemason's Grave	Finland
country	The village of Walidpur is situated , in Mau district, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Walidpur	India
country	Kashkandyow is a village in Ishkashim district, Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	Kashkandyow	Afghanistan
country	Galiniai is a village in Lithuania, near the border with Poland.	Galiniai	Lithuania
country	Île-Bonaventure-et-du-Rocher-Percé National Park (French: Parc national de l'île-Bonaventure-et-du-Rocher-Percé) is a National Park of Quebec, Canada.	Île-Bonaventure-et-du-Rocher-Percé National Park	Canada
country	Umu Oma is a village in southeastern Nigeria near the city of Owerri.	Umu Oma	Nigeria
country	Grizano (Greek: Γριζάνο) is a village in the Trikala regional unit, Greece, part of the Farkadona municipality.	Grizano	Greece
country	Chilubi District with headquarters at Chilubi is located in Northern Province, Zambia.	Chilubi District	Zambia
country	Roca Partida (English: Parted Rock) ranks as the smallest of the four Revillagigedo Islands, part of the Free and Sovereign State of Colima in Mexico.	Roca Partida	Mexico
country	The Dar es Salaam Institute of Technology (DIT) is one of the high learning institutions in Tanzania.	Dar es Salaam Institute of Technology	Tanzania
country	Oued Mellah (in Arabic language oued means river and mellah means salty) is a seasonal creek in coastal Morocco.	Oued Mellah	Morocco
country	Ahmadabad, Zahedan (Persian: احمدآباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad, Zahedan	Iran
country	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District (Persian: دهستان پشت آربابا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District	Iran
country	Dykanka (Ukrainian: Диканька) is the urban settlement in Dykanskyi Raion (district), Poltava Oblast (province) of central Ukraine.	Dykanka	Ukraine
country	Blaustein is a town in the district of Alb-Donau Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Blaustein	Germany
country	Bakri Chepyal (Telugu: బక్రి చెప్యాల), is a gram panchayat (village) under Siddipet mandal, Medak district, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Bakri Chepyal	India
country	Dürrenwaid station is a former railway station on the Rodach Valley railway or Rodachtalbahn in southern Germany.	Dürrenwaid station	Germany
country	Dover Grammar School for Boys is a selective secondary school located in Dover, United Kingdom.	Dover Grammar School for Boys	United Kingdom
country	Saint-Jean-de-Daye Airfield is a former World War II airfield, located 1.7 km southeast of Saint-Jean-de-Daye in the Normandy region, France.	Saint-Jean-de-Daye Airfield	France
country	Special Area No. 2 is a special area in southern Alberta, Canada.	Special Area No. 2	Canada
country	The Bürgerbräukeller was a large beer hall located in Munich, Germany.	Bürgerbräukeller	Germany
country	Fromental (Occitan: Fromentau) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Fromental	France
country	Aquincum Civil Amphitheatre is an ancient structure in Budapest, Hungary, the lesser of two located in Obuda.	Aquincum Civil Amphitheatre	Hungary
country	Breast Cancer Haven is a charity in the United Kingdom which rebranded in September 2010 and is now called The Haven.	Breast Cancer Haven	United Kingdom
country	Dist- As of 2001 India census, Sarangarh had a population of 2,14,458.	Sarangarh	India
country	Akanu Ibiam International Airport (IATA: ENU, ICAO: DNEN), also known as Enugu Airport, is an airport serving Enugu, the capital city of Enugu State of Nigeria, and nearby cities.	Akanu Ibiam International Airport	Nigeria
country	Antoniewice (antɔɲɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Wernersfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Antoniewice	Poland
country	Celje (pronounced (ˈtsɛːljɛ)) is the third-largest town in Slovenia.	Celje	Slovenia
country	PortsToronto (PT), formerly known as the Toronto Port Authority (TPA), is responsible for the management of the harbour of Toronto, Ontario, Canada and the Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport island airport.	PortsToronto	Canada
country	Mount Earnslaw, also known by its Māori name of Pikirakatahi, is a 2819 m mountain in New Zealand's South Island.	Mount Earnslaw	New Zealand
country	Ismoili Somoni (Persian: اسماعیل سامانی‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Ismoili Somoni	Tajikistan
country	Spieszyn (ˈspjɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Spieszyn	Poland
country	The RED-C Institute of Engineering & Technology (RIET) is a technology school in Islamabad, Pakistan .	RED-C Institute of Engineering & Technology	Pakistan
country	Karoliniškės is a microdistrict and eldership of Vilnius, Lithuania.	Karoliniškės	Lithuania
country	Sieprawki (ɕeˈprafki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sieprawki	Poland
country	Monte Muambe is an inactive volcano located east of Moatize in the Tete Province of Mozambique.	Monte Muambe	Mozambique
country	Solapur Airport (IATA: SSE, ICAO: VASL) is a public airport located in Solapur, in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Solapur Airport	India
country	Hainich is a forested hill chain in the state of Thuringia in Germany, between the towns of Eisenach, Mühlhausen and Bad Langensalza.	Hainich	Germany
country	The Siebengründer Graben is a mining ditch that was constructed in 1903/1904 in the Lower Harz in central Germany.	Siebengründer Graben	Germany
country	Virbi parish (Latvian: Virbu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Talsi District, Latvia.	Virbi parish	Latvia
country	Missenden Abbey (also referred to as Great Missenden Abbey) was a former Arrouasian (Augustinian) monastery, founded in 1133 in Great Missenden, Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom.	Missenden Abbey	United Kingdom
country	Kolonia Ulhówek (kɔˈlɔɲa ulˈxuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kolonia Ulhówek	Poland
country	Tellego (officially, in Asturian, Teyego) is one of the five parishes in the municipality of Ribera de Arriba, in the principality of Asturias in northern Spain.	Tellego	Spain
country	Vemundvik Church (Norwegian: Vemundvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Vemundvik Church	Norway
country	Dyulino (Bulgarian: Дюлино) is a village in eastern Bulgaria.	Dyulino	Bulgaria
country	Rudno Dolne (ˈrudnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Brzesko, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rudno Dolne	Poland
country	Valjala is a small borough (alevik) in Saare County, Estonia, on the island of Saaremaa.	Valjala	Estonia
country	Tazeh Kand-e Shahverdi (Persian: تازه كندشاهوردي‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Shāhverdī; also known as Tāzehkand-e Qeshlāq, Tāzeh Kand, and Tāzehkand) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Shahverdi	Iran
country	Akula Sree Ramulu College of Engineering (ASRCE) is an engineering college established by ASR Educational Society in Tanuku, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Akula Sree Ramulu College of Engineering	India
country	Obodoukwu (English pronunciation: /oh-bəʊ-dəʊ-kwoo/, Igbo: Obódòúkwū) is a suburb town in Ideato North Local Government Area, in Imo State a Southeastern state in Nigeria.	Obodoukwu	Nigeria
country	The Alid Volcano is a stratovolcano located in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea in the Danakil Depression.	Alid Volcano	Eritrea
country	The Ruins of Radegg are the ruins of a spur castle built around the year 1200 in Canton Schaffhausen, Switzerland and destroyed around the year 1300.	Ruins of Radegg	Switzerland
country	Nowy Zglechów (ˈnɔvɨ ˈzɡlɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Zglechów	Poland
country	Kiasar (Persian: كياسر‎, also Romanized as Kīāsar, Keyāsar, and Kīya Sar) is a city in and capital of Chahardangeh District, in Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kiasar	Iran
country	Lombok is an island in West Nusa Tenggara province, Indonesia.	Lombok	Indonesia
country	The Southland Regional Council is the southernmost regional council in New Zealand.	Southland Regional Council	New Zealand
country	Tol-e Qaleh (Persian: تل قلعه‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Qal``eh and Tol Qal``eh) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 190, in 36 families.	Tol-e Qaleh	Iran
country	XHARO-FM is a community radio station in Ciudad Nezahualcóyotl, State of Mexico, broadcasting on 104.5 FM.	XHARO-FM	Mexico
country	Tamchy (Kyrgyz: Тамчы; Russian: Тамчы, earlier Тамчи) is a village in the Issyk Kul District of the Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Tamchy	Kyrgyzstan
country	Barbarići (Serbian: Барбарићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Barbarići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Papamoa College is a state coeducational Year 7--13 secondary school located in the eponymous eastern suburb of Tauranga, New Zealand.	Papamoa College	New Zealand
country	The Alavian Dam and Lake is situated on the Soofian Chay river in East Azerbaijan Province, northwestern Iran.	Alavian Dam	Iran
country	Lycée Stendhal de Milan is a French international school in Milan, Italy.	Lycée Stendhal de Milan	Italy
country	Sarıhacılı (Armenian: Սարըջալը, also Saryjaly, Sarigadzhanly and Sarygadzhyly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sarıhacılı	Azerbaijan
country	Secretary of State for the Provinces was an office in the Cabinet of Canada, active from 1867 to 1873.	Secretary of State for the Provinces	Canada
country	Haapsalu Castle (also Haapsalu Episcopal Castle, Estonian: Haapsalu piiskopilinnus) is a castle with cathedral in Haapsalu, Estonia, founded in the thirteenth century as the seat of the Bishopric of Ösel-Wiek.	Haapsalu Castle	Estonia
country	Lar railway station (Urdu: لاڑ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is a railway station in Pakistan.	Lar railway station	Pakistan
country	24 Chasa (Bulgarian: 24 часа, translated as 24 Hours) is one of the newspapers published in Sofia, Bulgaria.	24 Chasa	Bulgaria
country	Culine (Serbian Cyrillic: Цулине) is a village in Serbia.	Culine	Serbia
country	The Ngezi Forest Reserve is a forest reserve located in Pemba Island, Tanzania.	Ngezi Forest Reserve	Tanzania
country	Dindefelo Falls, located in the town of Dindefelo, is a tourist attraction and park in southeast Senegal.	Dindefelo Falls	Senegal
country	Boluo County (Chinese: 博罗县; pinyin: Bóluó Xiàn) is a county of east-central Guangdong province, People's Republic of China.	Boluo County	People's Republic of China
country	Vyšný Kubín (Hungarian: Felsőkubin; Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈfɛlʃøːkubin)) is a village and municipality in Dolný Kubín District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia.	Vyšný Kubín	Slovakia
country	MacPherson Single Member Constituency (Chinese: 麦波申单选区; Malay: Kawasan Undi Perseorangan MacPherson; Tamil: மெக்பர்சன் தனித் தொகுதி) is a Single Member Constituency located in central area of Singapore.	MacPherson Single Member Constituency	Singapore
country	Erenköy Girls High School (Turkish: Erenköy Kız Anadolu Lisesi) is a public girls high school at Erenköy neighborhood of Kadıköy district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Erenköy Girls High School	Turkey
country	Tikrit (Arabic: تكريت‎ Tikrīt, Syriac: ܬܓܪܝܬ‎ Tagriṯ) sometimes transliterated as Takrit or Tekrit, is a city in Iraq, located 140 kilometres (87 mi) northwest of Baghdad and 220 kilometres (140 mi) southeast of Mosul on the Tigris River.	Tikrit	Iraq
country	The An-Nur Kota Raya Mosque (Malay: Masjid An-Nur Kota Raya) is a mosque in Plaza Kotaraya, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.	An-Nur Kota Raya Mosque	Malaysia
country	Tremlak (ˈtrɛmlak) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tremlak	Poland
country	Boeng Pring (Khmer: ឃុំបឹងព្រីង) is a khum (commune) of Thma Koul District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Boeng Pring	Cambodia
country	Çanakkale (pronounced (tʃaˈnakkaˌle); from Ottoman Turkish چینک قلعه‎, literally ``pot fortress''),(Greek: Δαρδανέλλια,) is a city and seaport in Turkey, in Çanakkale Province, on the southern (Asian) coast of the Dardanelles at their narrowest point.	Çanakkale	Turkey
country	Kuśnierz (ˈkuɕɲeʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kuśnierz	Poland
country	Gubavica is a small settlement near Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gubavica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Nova Gorica railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Nova Gorica; Italian: Stazione di Nova Gorica) serves the town and municipality of Nova Gorica, in the Slovenian Littoral region of Slovenia, and is also accessible from the town of Gorizia, Italy.	Nova Gorica railway station	Slovenia
country	Manly Sea Life Sanctuary (formerly Oceanworld Manly) is a public aquarium located in Manly, Australia.	Manly Sea Life Sanctuary	Australia
country	Saxa Q'awa (Aymara saxa hollow, q'awa little river, ditch, crevice, fissure, gap in the earth, ``hollow brook'', hispanicized spelling Sacsajahua) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Saxa Q'awa	Peru
country	Klipvoor Dam is a concrete gravity type dam located on the Moretele River, 55 km north of Brits, North West, South Africa.	Klipvoor Dam	South Africa
country	Mzuzu Airport (IATA: ZZU, ICAO: FWUU) is an airport serving Mzuzu, the capital city of the Northern Region of the Republic of Malawi.	Mzuzu Airport	Malawi
country	Rakha Mines are copper mines situated near Ghatshila in Jharkhand state of India.	Rakha Mines	India
country	Selvagem Pequena Island (lit. Small Wild/Savage Island; size: 800 x 500 m) is an island in the Southeast Group of the Savage Islands, Madeira, Portugal.	Selvagem Pequena Island	Portugal
country	The Islamic Centre Hamburg (German: Islamisches Zentrum Hamburg) is one of the oldest Shia mosques in Germany and Europe.	Islamic Centre Hamburg	Germany
country	The Groot Noordhollandsch Kanaal (Great North Holland Canal), now known simply as Noordhollandsch Kanaal, is a canal in the northwest Netherlands.	Noordhollandsch Kanaal	Netherlands
country	Zenharkandi (Persian: زنهاركندي‎, also Romanized as Zenhārkandī; also known as Zīnhār) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, Takht-e Soleyman District, Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zenharkandi	Iran
country	Dera Ismail Khan Airport or D. I. Khan Airport (IATA: DSK, ICAO: OPDI) is situated 10 km away from the city centre of Dera Ismail Khan, a city in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Dera Ismail Khan Airport	Pakistan
country	Founded by Saint Nicholas in 1220 CE, Strambinello is notable in its dedication to Vladimir Lenin, uncharacteristic of and frowned upon by the rest of Italy.	Strambinello	Italy
country	Nieszkowice Wielkie (ɲɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nieszkowice Wielkie	Poland
country	Quảng Trị Combat Base (also known as Ái Tử Combat Base or simply Quảng Trị) is a former U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base northwest of Quảng Trị in central Vietnam.	Quảng Trị Combat Base	Vietnam
country	Svesa (Ukrainian: Свеса) is a urban-type settlement in Sumy Oblast, Ukraine.	Svesa	Ukraine
country	Hajjilar District (Persian: بخش حاجیلار‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hajjilar District	Iran
country	Darb-e Hezar (Persian: درب هزار‎, also Romanized as Darb-e Hezār and Darbhezār) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darb-e Hezar	Iran
country	Brisbane Independent School (BIS) is located in semi-rural Pullenvale in the western suburbs of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Brisbane Independent School	Australia
country	The Strasbourg tramway (French: Tramway de Strasbourg), run by the CTS, consists of six tramlines, A, B, C, D, E and F that operate in the city of Strasbourg in Alsace, France.	Strasbourg tramway	France
country	Koskinas (Greek: Κοσκινάς) is a village in the municipality of Olympia, Elis, Greece.	Koskinas	Greece
country	St. Joseph's Intermediate and Commercial School (St. Joseph's Commercial School, SJICS, or St. Joe's Sherbourne) is a former Catholic High school located in the Cabbagetown neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada part of the Metropolitan Separate School Board (now the Toronto Catholic District School Board).	St. Joseph's Intermediate and Commercial School	Canada
country	The Dognecea mine is a large open pit mine in the western of Romania in Caraş-Severin County, 23 km west of Reşiţa and 509 km north-west of the capital, Bucharest.	Dognecea mine	Romania
country	XHMLS-FM (91.3 FM, Éxitos 91.3) is a Spanish Contemporary Hit Radio station that serves the Rio Grande Valley, Texas (USA) / Matamoros-Reynosa, Tamaulipas (Mexico) border area.	XHMLS-FM	Mexico
country	Třebíč (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtr̝̊ɛbiːtʃ); German: Trebitsch) is a town in the Moravian part of the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Třebíč	Czech Republic
country	Tojikobod District or Nohiyai Tojikobod (Tajik: Ноҳияи Тоҷикобод/Persian: ناحیهٔ تاجیک‌آباد‎, Russian transliteration: Tajikabad) is a small district in the eastern part of Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan.	Tojikobod District	Tajikistan
country	The Afulilo Dam is a gravity dam on the Afulilo River about 3 km (1.9 mi) south of Ta'elefaga in the district of Va'a-o-Fonoti on Upolu island of Samoa.	Afulilo Dam	Samoa
country	Hasanabad-e Kushkak (Persian: حسن ابادكوشكك‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kūshkak; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Kushkak	Iran
country	Gromadzyń (ɡrɔˈmad͡zɨɲ) (German: Herrndorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gromadzyń	Poland
country	The Gauja River Railway Bridge crosses the Gauja River in Ūdriņi, Latvia as part of the Riga--	Gauja River Railway Bridge	Latvia
country	Cumpadials is the smallest of the four villages in the municipality of Sumvitg, Graubünden, Switzerland.	Cumpadials	Switzerland
country	Aydınkənd (also, Aydmkənd, Aydi-Kend'', and Aydynkend) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aydınkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Huddinge Municipality (Huddinge kommun) is a municipality in Stockholm County in east central Sweden.	Huddinge Municipality	Sweden
country	Lublinów (luˈblinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lublinów	Poland
country	In Canada, a First Ministers' conference is a meeting of the provincial and territorial premiers and the Prime Minister.	First Ministers' conference	Canada
country	Studenterlunden is a park in the city center of Oslo, Norway.	Studenterlunden	Norway
country	Bisceglie (Italian pronunciation: (biʃˈʃeʎʎe)) is a town and comune on the Adriatic Sea, with a population of c. 55,424, in the province of Barletta-Andria-Trani, Apulia (Italian: Puglia), in southern Italy.	Bisceglie	Italy
country	Záhorie Protected Landscape Area (Slovak: Chránená krajinná oblasť Záhorie) is the first lowland protected landscape area in Slovakia.	Záhorie Protected Landscape Area	Slovakia
country	Melbourne Girls Grammar (also known as MGGS), is an independent, Anglican, day and boarding school for girls, located in South Yarra, an inner city suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne Girls Grammar	Australia
country	East Vernon Light is an active lighthouse located on the water's edge at the south side of East Vernon Island, an island off the shore of the Northern Territory, Australia.	East Vernon Light	Australia
country	The Milan Metro Line 3, (Linea Tre in Italian), is a subway line serving Milan, Italy.	Milan Metro Line 3	Italy
country	Colonia Atlampa is a colonia or neighborhood located in the Cuauhtémoc borough, northwest of the historic center of Mexico City.	Colonia Atlampa	Mexico
country	Tarany (Slovene: Taran) is a village in Somogy county, Hungary.	Tarany	Hungary
country	'Hadejia' (also Hadeja, previously Biram) is a Hausa town in eastern Jigawa State, northern Nigeria.	Hadejia	Nigeria
country	VES Group (VES Group Co. Ltd.) is a holding company based in Thailand.	VES Group	Thailand
country	Kruševo (Macedonian: Крушево;(ˈkruʃevo), Aromanian: Crushuva) is a town in Macedonia.	Kruševo	Macedonia
country	Gola Glavica (Serbian Cyrillic: Гола Главица) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gola Glavica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sągnity (sɔnɡˈnitɨ) (German: Sangnitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Sągnity	Poland
country	The Danish Wahld (German: Dänischer Wohld, Danish: Jernved) is a peninsula in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Danish Wahld	Germany
country	The Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine (Irish: An tAire Talmhaíochta, Bia agus Mara) is the senior minister at the Department of Agriculture, Food and the Marine in the Government of Ireland.	Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine	Ireland
country	From its creation in 1933 to its dissolution in 1994 the Milk Marketing Board, a government agency to support milk production and distribution in the United Kingdom was headquartered at Giggs Hill Green in Thames Ditton where it played a significant role in providing local employment and in supporting the Cricket Club and other aspects of village life.	Thames Ditton	United Kingdom
country	The Mechanics' Institute, Sorrento is a building classified by the National Trust of Australia and located at 827 Melbourne Road, Sorrento, Victoria, Australia.	Mechanics' Institute, Sorrento	Australia
country	The Allied Kommandatura, or often just Kommandatura, also known as the Alliierte Kommandantur in German, was the governing body for the city of Berlin following Germany's defeat in World War II. The victorious allied powers established control of post-war Germany and other territories via shared Military Government councils, including for Berlin.	Allied Kommandatura	Germany
country	St. Finbarr's Cemetery in Cork, Ireland, is the city's largest and one of the oldest cemeteries still in use.	St. Finbarr's Cemetery	Ireland
country	Wolterton Hall is a large country house which is located in the ecclesiastical parish of Wickmere with Wolterton and the civil parish of Wickmere in the English county of Norfolk, England, United Kingdom.	Wolterton Hall	United Kingdom
country	Sabarmati Riverfront is a waterfront developed along banks of Sabarmati river in the city of Ahmedabad, India.	Sabarmati Riverfront	India
country	Home Base Wagga Wagga, WIN Television, Country Energy depot, Riverina Water County Council headquarters, Australia Post Mail Sorting Centre, Busabout Wagga Wagga depot, Australian Clay Target Association (ACTA) National Office and ACTA shooting range are located within East Wagga Wagga.	East Wagga Wagga	Australia
country	Sveti Križ Začretje is a village in and a municipality of Krapina-Zagorje County in the Republic of Croatia.	Sveti Križ Začretje	Croatia
country	Ab Asemani (Persian: اب اسماني‎, also Romanized as Āb Āsemānī) is a village in Jangal Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Asemani	Iran
country	Mae Ping National Park (อุทยานแห่งชาติแม่ปิง) is located at the southern end of the Thanon Thong Chai Range, in Lamphun, Tak, and Chiang Mai Provinces in northern Thailand.	Mae Ping National Park	Thailand
country	Vila Nova de Poiares (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ poˈjaɾɨʃ)) is a municipality in the Coimbra district, in Portugal.	Vila Nova de Poiares	Portugal
country	The Shire of Balmoral is a former local government area of Queensland, Australia, located in eastern Brisbane.	Shire of Balmoral	Australia
country	The Wadi Dib ring complex in the Eastern Desert of Egypt is a circular geological structure visible from space.	Wadi Dib ring complex	Egypt
country	Padrenda is a municipality in Ourense (province) in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	Padrenda	Spain
country	Brodnica County (Polish: powiat brodnicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland.	Brodnica County	Poland
country	Nykvarn is a locality and since 1999 the seat of Nykvarn Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 6,497 inhabitants in 2010.	Nykvarn	Sweden
country	Opatovce nad Nitrou (Hungarian: Bajmócapáti) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Opatovce nad Nitrou	Slovakia
country	Silesian University of Technology (Polish name: Politechnika Śląska IPA: (pɔliˈtɛxɲika ˈɕlɔ̃ska)) is a university located in Gliwice, Silesia, Poland.	Silesian University of Technology	Poland
country	Aasiaat Airport (Greenlandic: Mittarfik Aasiaat) (IATA: JEG, ICAO: BGAA) is an airport located 1 NM (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northeast of Aasiaat, a town in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland.	Aasiaat Airport	Greenland
country	Faxe or Fakse is a town on the island of Zealand in eastern Denmark.	Faxe	Denmark
country	Oberurmein is a small ski station situated at 1579 metres above sea level in the Heinzenberg-Domlschlag area, in Canton Graubünden, Switzerland.	Oberurmein	Switzerland
country	Stasiolas (staˈɕɔlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stasiolas	Poland
country	The artists of Audiolith Records are mainly from Germany (especially from Hamburg) but there is also one band from California (Innaway).	Audiolith Records	Germany
country	Edéa is a city located along the Sanaga River in Cameroon's Littoral Province.	Edéa	Cameroon
country	Moûtiers, historically also called Tarentaise, is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Moûtiers	France
country	Potyond (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈpocond)) is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron county, Hungary.	Potyond	Hungary
country	Chakkarakadavu is a small village to the east of the town of Cherai, on Vypin Island in Ernakulam district, Kerala, India.	Chakkarakadavu	India
country	Simon de Wit was a large family owned chain of supermarkets in the Netherlands.	Simon de Wit	Netherlands
country	Jiangxia District (simplified Chinese: 江夏区; traditional Chinese: 江夏區; pinyin: Jiāngxià qū) is one of 13 districts of Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, situated on the eastern (right) bank of the Yangtze River.	Jiangxia District	People's Republic of China
country	Lapja (Serbian Cyrillic: Лапја) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lapja	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Oicatá is a town and municipality in the Department of Boyacá, part of the subregion of the Central Boyacá Province, in Colombia.	Oicatá	Colombia
country	Yadua Tabu (pronounced (janˈdua ˈtambu)) is a volcanic islet in Fiji, an outlier to the northern island of Vanua Levu, and immediately south of the larger island Yadua.	Yadua Tabu	Fiji
country	The Shere Hills are a range of undulating hills and rock formations on the Jos Plateau, situated about 10 kilometres to the East of Jos metropolis, the capital of Plateau State in the middle belt region of Nigeria.	Shere Hills	Nigeria
country	The Roman circus of Mérida (Spanish: Circo romano) is a ruined Roman circus in Mérida, Spain.	Roman circus of Mérida	Spain
country	Hungkuang University (HK; Chinese: 弘光科技大學) is a private university located in Shalu District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Hungkuang University	Taiwan
country	Leitenhausen was a village in Germany, founded in 1317 A D. It was destroyed by the East German authorities in 1972 as it stood too close to the Inner German border (part of the larger ``Iron Curtain''), the border between the post-war states of East and West Germany.	Leitenhausen	Germany
country	The Minister of Sport and Persons with Disabilities (previously the Minister of State (Sport)) is a Canadian cabinet minister responsible for Sport Canada, who reports to the Minister of Canadian Heritage.	Minister of Sport and Persons with Disabilities	Canada
country	Golfe-Juan (Occitan: Lo Gorg Joan, Lo Golfe Joan) is a seaside resort on France's Côte d'Azur.	Golfe-Juan	France
country	Wat Sothornwararamworaviharn or Wat Hong is the oldest temple in Chachoengsao Province, Thailand.	Wat Hong	Thailand
country	Kanupark Markkleeberg, built in 2006, is the second of two artificial whitewater canoe/kayak slalom courses in Germany, and the only one powered by pumps.	Kanupark Markkleeberg	Germany
country	Taradak (Persian: ترادك‎, also Romanized as Tarādak; also known as Tarādān and Terādān) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Taradak	Iran
country	Strysza Góra (ˈstrɨʂa ˈɡura) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielno, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Strysza Góra	Poland
country	The Cantemir Vodă National College (Romanian: Colegiul Național Cantemir Vodă) is a high school in Bucharest, Romania.	Cantemir Vodă National College	Romania
country	Voices of Wonder aka Voice of Wonder Records was one of the most important rock record labels in Oslo, Norway in the early 1990s.	Voices of Wonder	Norway
country	Bedenica is village and a municipality in Zagreb County, Croatia.	Bedenica	Croatia
country	Chenalhó is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.	Chenalhó	Mexico
country	Guy Bolagh (Persian: گوي بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Gūy Bolāgh) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Guy Bolagh	Iran
country	The Frankfurt U-Bahn, together with the Rhine-Main S-Bahn and the Frankfurt Straßenbahn, forms the backbone of the public transport system of Frankfurt, Hesse, Germany.	Frankfurt U-Bahn	Germany
country	Holíč (until 1946 ``Holič'', German: Weißkirchen (an der March) / Holitsch, Hungarian: Holics) is a town in western Slovakia.	Holíč	Slovakia
country	Ursel Air Base (ICAO: EBUL) is a joint public/military airport located near Ursel, East Flanders, Belgium.	Ursel Air Base	Belgium
country	Cenade (German: Scholten; Hungarian: Szászcsanád) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Cenade	Romania
country	Bordighera (Italian pronunciation: (bordiˈɡɛːra)) is a town and comune in the Province of Imperia, Liguria (Italy).	Bordighera	Italy
country	Tiklla Q'asa (Quechua tiklla two-colored, qucha lake, lagoon, ``two-colored mountain pass'', hispanicized spelling Ticllajasa) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Tiklla Q'asa	Peru
country	Cortina d'Ampezzo (pronounced (korˈtiːna damˈpɛttso); Ladin: Anpezo, Ampëz), commonly referred to as Cortina, is a town and comune in the heart of the southern (Dolomitic) Alps in the Veneto region of Northern Italy.	Cortina d'Ampezzo	Italy
country	The Shire of Mount Marshall is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 80 kilometres (50 mi) north-northwest of Merredin and about 300 kilometres (186 mi) northeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Mount Marshall	Australia
country	Gowmelian (Persian: گومليان‎, also Romanized as Gowmelīān; also known as Gomelyan, Gowmelān, Gūmeyan, Gūmlīān, and Komlīān) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gowmelian	Iran
country	Thiruvithamcode Arappally (``Royal Church''; Tamil:திருவிதாங்கோடு அரப்பள்ளி; Malayalam:തിരുവിതാംകോട് അരപ്പള്ളി;), or Thomayar Kovil or St. Mary's Orthodox Church, is a church located in Thiruvithamcode, Tamil Nadu, India.	Thiruvithamcode Arappally	India
country	The Krk Cathedral or fully Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary (Croatian: Katedrala uznesenja blažene Djevice Marije or Krčka katedrala) is a cathedral in the town of Krk on the northern Adriatic island of Krk, Croatia.	Krk Cathedral	Croatia
country	``Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl'' the volcanoes Popocatépetl (``the Smoking Mountain'') and Iztaccíhuatl (``white woman'' in Nahuatl, sometimes called the Mujer Dormida ``sleeping woman'' in Spanish) which overlook the Valley of Mexico.	Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl	Mexico
country	Kareh Dan (Persian: كره دان‎, also Romanized as Kareh Dān; also known as Kahardān and Kahredān) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kareh Dan	Iran
country	Morawa Airport (IATA: MWB, ICAO: YMRW) Morawa, Western Australia.	Morawa Airport	Australia
country	Savarabad-e Olya (Persian: سوارابادعليا‎, also Romanized as Savārābād-e ``Olyā; also known as Savārābād) is a village in Nahr-e Mian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 13 families.	Savarabad-e Olya	Iran
country	Əyridərə is a village in the municipality of Hacılar in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əyridərə	Azerbaijan
country	The Seoul International Cartoon and Animation Festival (SICAF, Korean: 서울 국제 만화 애니메이션 페스티벌) is an annual showcase festival of animation, cartoon and related art genres held in Seoul, South Korea since 1995.	Seoul International Cartoon and Animation Festival	South Korea
country	Kemunuiyeh (Persian: كمونوييه‎, also Romanized as Kemūnū’īyeh; also known as Kamar-e Nūkīyeh) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District, Chatrud District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kemunuiyeh	Iran
country	Chahar Biti (Persian: چهاربيتي‎, also Romanized as Chahār Bītī; also known as Chahār Bīd, Chahār Bīdī, Charta Bīt, Kahīr, and Kahīr-e Chenār Bīd) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chahar Biti	Iran
country	Football Federation Northern Territory is the state governing body for soccer in the Northern Territory, Australia.	Football Federation Northern Territory	Australia
country	Põrmujärv is a lake northwest of Voru City, in the county of Voru in Estonia's south, close to the border with Latvia.	Põrmujärv	Estonia
country	Inchoun (Russian: Инчоун, Chukchi: И’нчувин, Yupik: Инсиг’вик) is a rural locality (a selo) in Chukotsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.	Inchoun	Russia
country	Dynacare is a medical laboratory services company based in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.	Dynacare	Canada
country	Guliston also spelled as Gulistan (Uzbek: Guliston / Гулистoн; Russian: Гулистан), formerly known as Mirzachul (Russian: Мирзачуль, until 1961), is the capital of Sirdaryo Region in eastern Uzbekistan.	Guliston	Uzbekistan
country	The WuFeng University (WFU; Chinese: 吳鳳科技大學), previously known as WuFeng Institute of Technology (WFIT), is a private university of technology in Minxiong Township, Chiayi County, Taiwan with more than 6000 students.	WuFeng University	Taiwan
country	The Dušanovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Душановац, pronounced (duʃǎːnɔv̞at͡s)), is an urban neighbourhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Dušanovac	Serbia
country	Ahmed Abdul Rahim Al Attar Tower is a supertall skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Ahmed Abdul Rahim Al Attar Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	The Coro region is the hilly and semi-mountainous area in northwest Venezuela, north of the Mérida Andes and east of the Maracaibo Basin, extending north to the Caribbean coast.	Coro region	Venezuela
country	Tower Colliery (Welsh: Glofa Tŵr) was the oldest continuously working deep-coal mine in the United Kingdom, and possibly the world, and the last mine of its kind to remain in the South Wales Valleys.	Tower Colliery	United Kingdom
country	Tullen, Borås is a borough located in the city of Borås in Västra Götaland, Sweden.	Tullen, Borås	Sweden
country	Filestan (Persian: فيلستان‎, also Romanized as Fīlestān and Fīlistān) is a village in Filestan Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Filestan	Iran
country	Grottazzolina is a town and comune in the province of Fermo, in the Marche region of Italy.	Grottazzolina	Italy
country	Abdullah Gül University (AGU) is a state university, supported by a private foundation (AGUV), located in Kayseri, Turkey.	Abdullah Gül University	Turkey
country	Draginje (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгиње) is a village in Serbia.	Draginje	Serbia
country	Al Quds Endowment Tower is a multipurpose skyscraper on hold in Doha, Qatar.	Al Quds Endowment Tower	Qatar
country	Tournai (French pronunciation: ​(tuʁnɛ); Latin: Tornacum, Picard: Tornai), known in Dutch as Doornik, is a Walloon city and municipality of Belgium located 85 kilometres (53 miles) west-southwest of Brussels, on the river Scheldt, in the province of Hainaut.	Tournai	Belgium
country	Ab Chenar-e Sofla (Persian: اب چنارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Āb Chenār-e Soflá) is a village in Barez Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Ab Chenar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Jalan Pinggiran Batu Caves (Selangor state route ) is a major roads in Klang Valley region, Selangor, Malaysia	Jalan Pinggiran Batu Caves	Malaysia
country	Blombos Cave is an archaeological site located in Blombosfontein Nature Reserve, about 300 km east of Cape Town on the Southern Cape coastline, South Africa.	Blombos Cave	South Africa
country	Menkulas is a small village of roughly 1,000 inhabitants in the Korçë County, Albania.	Menkulas	Albania
country	Nowabad-e Espian (Persian: نواباداسپيان‎, also Romanized as Nowābād-e Espīān; also known as Eşpahān, Espīān, Ispāīn, and Lāpīān) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nowabad-e Espian	Iran
country	St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery (Ukrainian: Михайлівський золотоверхий монастир, Mykhaylivs’kyi zolotoverkhyi monastyr) is a functioning monastery in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery	Ukraine
country	Esparreguera (Catalan pronunciation: (əspərəˈɣeɾə); Spanish: Esparraguera) is a municipality in Catalonia, in the province of Barcelona, Spain.	Esparreguera	Spain
country	Ryde Pier is a listed structure, and the fourth longest pier in the United Kingdom, as well as the oldest.	Ryde	United Kingdom
country	The Camel Cup is an annual camel racing festival held in Australia.	Camel Cup	Australia
country	Al Fida (Arabic: الفداء‎) is an arrondissement of Casablanca, in the Al Fida - Mers Sultan district of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco.	Al Fida	Morocco
country	Tworzymirki Górne (tfɔʐɨˈmirki ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Tworzymirki Górne	Poland
country	Parkinson's Disease Devices/Implants (artificial heart valves, pacemaker) The MedicAlert Foundation of Australia permits organ donation directions to be engraved on their IDs.	MedicAlert	Australia
country	Kedares (Greek: Κέδαρες) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 6 km north of Kidhasi.	Kedares	Cyprus
country	The Creaking Pagoda between two ponds in the landscape park separating the Catherine Palace and Alexander Palace in Tsarskoe Selo, Russia, is a building that resulted from the 18th-century taste for Chinoiserie.	Creaking Pagoda	Russia
country	Aigner-Schanze (official: Energie AG-Skisprung Arena) are ski jumping hills in Hinzenbach, Austria.	Aigner-Schanze	Austria
country	Misrata Governorate or Misratah Governorate was one of the governorates (muhafazah) of Libya from 1963 to 1983.	Misrata Governorate	Libya
country	Stony Batter is a historic defence installation at the northeastern end of Waiheke Island, Auckland, New Zealand.	Stony Batter	New Zealand
country	Dubău (Ukrainian: Дубове, Dubove, Russian: Дубoвo, Dubovo) is a commune in the Dubăsari sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova.	Dubău	Moldova
country	Krajna Brda (pronounced (ˈkɾaːi̯na ˈbəɾda)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Blanca in the Municipality of Sevnica in eastern Slovenia.	Krajna Brda	Slovenia
country	The Westmount Golf and Country Club is a private sports and country club located in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.	Westmount Golf and Country Club	Canada
country	Gagnoa is a city in south-central Ivory Coast.	Gagnoa	Ivory Coast
country	The Shire of Gnowangerup is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, about 120 kilometres (75 mi) north of Albany and about 370 kilometres (230 mi) southeast of the capital, Perth.	Shire of Gnowangerup	Australia
country	Cesantes is a small town in Redondela, in the Pontevedra part of the Vigo Metropolitan Area and located in Galicia, an Autonomous Community in northwestern Spain.	Cesantes	Spain
country	Khurasb (Persian: خوراسب‎, also Romanized as Khūrāsb; also known as Khorāsb) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khurasb	Iran
country	Kamburupitiya is a town located 12 miles north of the southern town of Matara, Sri Lanka.	Kamburupitiya	Sri Lanka
country	Bridel (Luxembourgish: Briddel) is a town in the commune of Kopstal, central Luxembourg.	Bridel	Luxembourg
country	Potiskum is a Local Government Area in Yobe State, Nigeria on the A3 highway at 11°43′N 11°04′E. It has an area of 559 square kilometres (216 sq mi) and a population of 205,876 at the 2006 census.	Potiskum	Nigeria
country	Tacarigua is a town in the East-West Corridor of Trinidad and Tobago, located east of Tunapuna, north of Trincity and west of Arouca.	Tacarigua	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Turaghay (Persian: طوراغاي‎, also Romanized as Ţūrāghāy and Ţowrāghā'ī) is a village in Leylan-e Shomali Rural District, Leylan District, Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Turaghay	Iran
country	The Pandoh Dam is an embankment dam on the Beas River in Mandi district of Himachal Pradesh, India.	Pandoh Dam	India
country	Tomás Gomensoro is a village (pueblo) in the Artigas Department of northern Uruguay.	Tomás Gomensoro	Uruguay
country	Sollentuna Hundred (Swedish: Sollentuna härad) was a hundred of Uppland in Sweden.	Sollentuna Hundred	Sweden
country	The Gaziantep Museum of Archaeology (Turkish: Gaziantep Arkeoloji Müzesi) is an archaeological museum located in the city of Gaziantep, Turkey.	Gaziantep Museum of Archaeology	Turkey
country	Nasielsk (ˈnaɕelsk) is a small town in Masovian Voivodeship, Poland.	Nasielsk	Poland
country	Kombo South is one of the nine districts of the Gambia's Western Division, which is located to the south of the Gambia River in the southwest of the country.	Kombo South	Gambia
country	Smast (pronounced (ˈsmaːst)) is a village on the left bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Smast	Slovenia
country	Gadhawa is a town and Village Development Committee now known as Typical Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal.	Gadhawa	Nepal
country	Nagigia Island is an island located at the most south-western point of the Fiji Islands.	Nagigia Island	Fiji
country	Torsby Municipality (Torsby kommun) is a municipality in Värmland County in west central Sweden, bordering Norway.	Torsby Municipality	Sweden
country	Halych Raion (Ukrainian: Галицький район) is a raion (district) of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (region) in Ukraine.	Halych Raion	Ukraine
country	CAPC musée d'art contemporain de Bordeaux, formerly the Centre d'arts plastiques contemporains (CAPC), is a museum of modern art established in 1973 in Bordeaux, France.	CAPC musée d'art contemporain de Bordeaux	France
country	Erin Mills is a planned community in the city of Mississauga, approximately 32 km (20 mi) west of downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Erin Mills	Canada
country	Mandla and the surrounding district became part of the Saugor and Nerbudda Territories of British India.	Mandla	India
country	Magaliesburg is a small town situated below the Witwatersrand mountain range in Gauteng, South Africa.	Magaliesburg	South Africa
country	Balussery (also spelt as Balusseri , Balisseri or Balussheri) is a small but fast developing town area located in Kozhikode district in Kerala state, south India.	Balussery	India
country	Scheibbs is a town in Austria in the Scheibbs district of Lower Austria.	Scheibbs	Austria
country	Hadselfjorden or Hadselfjord is a fjord in Vesterålen, Norway.	Hadselfjord	Norway
country	The Tomb of Seuthes III is grave of King Seuthes lll, located near Kazanlak, Bulgaria.	Tomb of Seuthes III	Bulgaria
country	Engstingen is a municipality in the Tübingen administrative region (Regierungsbezirk) in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Engstingen	Germany
country	Asian Television Network International Limited (often just referred to as Asian Television Network or ATN) is a publicly traded Canadian broadcasting company, with 54 television channels in 9 languages, serving South Asian cultural communities in Canada.	Asian Television Network	Canada
country	Fonte Avellana or the Venerable Hermitage of the Holy Cross, is a Roman Catholic hermitage in Serra Sant'Abbondio in the Marche region of Italy.	Fonte Avellana	Italy
country	Litløya (meaning ``Little island'') is a small island in the municipality of Bø in Nordland county, Norway.	Litløya	Norway
country	Long Akah (also known as Long Aka) is a settlement in interior of the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia, on the upper reaches of the Baram river.	Long Akah	Malaysia
country	Western Port Highway (formerly Dandenong-Hastings Road) is a highway in Victoria, Australia, linking the south-eastern fringe of suburban Melbourne to the western coast of Western Port Bay, after which the highway is named, at the Port of Hastings nearly 30 km to the south.	Western Port Highway	Australia
country	Greek National Road 7 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 7, abbreviated as EO7) is a single carriageway with at-grade intersections in the Peloponnese region in southern Greece.	Greek National Road 7	Greece
country	The St. John's Fort (Malay: Kubu St. John) is a historical fort in Malacca City, Malacca, Malaysia.	St. John's Fort	Malaysia
country	Tarm is a small railway town with a population of 4,084 (1 January 2014) in west Denmark, 36 kilometres southwest of Herning (air distance).	Tarm	Denmark
country	Panchapandava Cave Temple (also known as Pancha Pandava Temples and Mandapa of the Five Pandavas) is a monument at Mahabalipuram, on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal, in the Kancheepuram district of the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Panchapandava Cave Temple	India
country	Pokrvenik (Macedonian: Покрвеник) is a village northwest of Lake Prespa in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia.	Pokrvenik	Macedonia
country	Zavadykh (also, Tsovategh Armenian: Ծովատեղ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Zavadykh	Azerbaijan
country	Manevychi (Ukrainian: Маневичі; Polish: Maniewicze; German: Manewytschi; Yiddish: מנייביץ) is an urban-type settlement and the administrative center of Manevychi Raion in Volyn Oblast in the western Ukraine.	Manevychi	Ukraine
country	Lauvnesvatnet is a fishing lake in the municipalities of Sigdal and Flesberg in Buskerud county, Norway.	Lauvnesvatnet	Norway
country	Xırt (also, Khirt'', Kishlak and Khyrt) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xırt	Azerbaijan
country	Notodden New Station (Norwegian: Notodden nye stasjon) served Notodden, Norway from 1919 to 2004.	Notodden New Station	Norway
country	Tokmar Castle (Turkish: Tokmar Kalesi, Latin: Castellum Novumola) is a castle ruin in Mersin Province, Turkey	Tokmar Castle	Turkey
country	Arevadasht (Armenian: Արևադաշտ), is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Arevadasht	Armenia
country	Pinnakkanadu is a small village located about 40KM East of Kottayam on Kanjirappally-Erattupetta Road, in Kottayam district of Kerala, India.	Pinnakkanadu	India
country	Kong Asgers Høj is a large passage grave on the island of Møn in Denmark.	Kong Asgers Høj	Denmark
country	Skudai Highway (Lebuhraya Skudai), also known as Senai Highway (Lebuhraya Senai), Jalan Tun Abdul Razak or Jalan Skudai, Federal Route is a 29 kilometre partial-access highway in Johor, Malaysia, from the town of Senai to the Johor-Singapore Causeway, which connects Malaysia and Singapore.	Skudai Highway	Malaysia
country	The Teatro Nacional Cervantes in Buenos Aires is the national stage and comedy theatre of Argentina.	Teatro Nacional Cervantes	Argentina
country	Nisporeni (Romanian pronunciation: (nispoˈrenʲ)) is a city located in the central part of Moldova.	Nisporeni	Moldova
country	Prundu Bârgăului (Hungarian: Borgóprund) is a commune in Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania, in the historical region of Transylvania.	Prundu Bârgăului	Romania
country	The Arboretum de la Cude (5 hectares) is a private arboretum located about 1 km outside Mailleroncourt-Charette, Haute-Saône, Franche-Comté, France.	Arboretum de la Cude	France
country	Hankey is a small town on the confluence of the Klein and Gamtoos rivers in South Africa.	Hankey	South Africa
country	Kyrkjebø Church (Norwegian: Kyrkjebø kyrkje) is a parish church in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Kyrkjebø Church	Norway
country	Bavil-e Olya (Persian: باويل عليا‎, also Romanized as Bāvīl-e ``Olyā) is a village in Bavil Rural District, in the Central District of Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 542, in 189 families.	Bavil-e Olya	Iran
country	Malloco Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Malloco, ICAO: SCMF) is a public use airport located 10 kilometres (6 mi) west-northwest of Villarica, La Araucanía, Chile.	Malloco Airport	Chile
country	In 1178, King Sancho I of Portugal having discovered that the Moors of Lisbon were allied to groups in Loures, and came to the territory with a Templar force to confront those peoples.	Loures	Portugal
country	Nikolo-Korelsky Monastery (Николо-Корельский монастырь) is a Russian Orthodox monastery in Severodvinsk (Russia).	Nikolo-Korelsky Monastery	Russia
country	Kakskerta is an island in the Archipelago Sea, south of the city of Turku, Finland.	Kakskerta	Finland
country	Kornhamnstorg (Swedish: ``Grain Harbour Square'') is a public square in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Kornhamnstorg	Sweden
country	Wagh or Waghh (Urdu: وگھ‎) is an ancient village located about 10 kilometers towards north of the camp of Alexander the Great on the bank of Jhelum River near Jalalpur Sharif, in Tehsil Pind Dadan Khan of District Jhelum in Pakistan.	Wagh	Pakistan
country	Chlumec nad Cidlinou (Czech pronunciation: (ˈxlumɛts ˈnat tsɪdlɪnou̯)) (German: Chlumetz an der Zidlina) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Chlumec nad Cidlinou	Czech Republic
country	Murilo is a village, atoll, and municipality in the state of Chuuk, Federated States of Micronesia.	Murilo	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Kaztal (Russian: Казталовка ) is a selo in north-western Kazakhstan.	Kaztal	Kazakhstan
country	Jämsänkoski is a former town and municipality in central Finland located near Lake Päijänne and the Jämsänjoki river.	Jämsänkoski	Finland
country	Darya Khan railway station (Urdu: دریا خان ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located at Darya Khan, Pakistan.	Darya Khan railway station	Pakistan
country	It is a charitable, not-for-profit organisation in the United Kingdom whose objective is the pursuit and encouragement of an active interest in the study of the history of Eastbourne and its immediate environs and the dissemination of the outcome of such studies.	Eastbourne	United Kingdom
country	Dağdöşü (Armenian: Տայք -- Tyak''; also, Tak and Tank) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dağdöşü	Azerbaijan
country	Earl of March Secondary School is an Ottawa-Carleton District School Board secondary school in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Earl of March Secondary School	Canada
country	The Bendola is a river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France.	Bendola	France
country	Sehk (Persian: سهك‎, also Romanized as Sahk; also known as Sek, Sekh, and Sīk) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sehk	Iran
country	The Dahomeyan Progressive Party (French: Parti Progressisite Dahoméen, PPD) was a short-lived political party in French Dahomey.	Dahomeyan Progressive Party	French Dahomey
country	Legionowo County (Polish: powiat legionowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Legionowo County	Poland
country	Muqeem Shah (( مقیم شاہ or Muqeem Shah, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa is a town a in the Dera Ismail Khan District of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.	Muqeem Shah	Pakistan
country	The Solucar Complex is a complex in Sanlúcar la Mayor, Spain, used primarily for solar power developments.	Solucar Complex	Spain
country	Getterön is a peninsula in Varberg Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, immediately northwest of the municipal seat Varberg.	Getterön	Sweden
country	Kibergneset or Kibergsneset is a peninsula in Vardø Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kibergneset	Norway
country	Queen Charlotte Strait is a strait between Vancouver Island and the Mainland of British Columbia, Canada.	Queen Charlotte Strait	Canada
country	The Division of Brand is an Australian electoral division in the state of Western Australia.	Division of Brand	Australia
country	Kadyny (kaˈdɨnɨ) (German: Cadinen or Kadinen) is a village of Gmina Tolkmicko, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kadyny	Poland
country	Reyhanluy-e Sofla (Persian: ريحانلوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Reyḩānlūy-e Soflá; also known as Reyḩānlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Reyhanluy-e Sofla	Iran
country	Kihelkonna St. Michael's Church, (Estonian: Kihelkonna Mihkli kirik) sometimes simply Kihelkonna Church, is a medieval Lutheran church on Saaremaa island in western Estonia.	Kihelkonna St. Michael's Church	Estonia
country	El Tunari is a weekly newspaper published in Quillacollo, Bolivia.	El Tunari	Bolivia
country	Lomié is a town in the Lomié District in the Upper Nyong division of the East Province of Cameroon.	Lomié	Cameroon
country	The Hasan Uğurlu Dam is a rock-fill dam for hydro power purposes, located on the River Yeşilırmak 23 km south of Çarşamba town and 25 km east of Samsun in northern Turkey.	Hasan Uğurlu Dam	Turkey
country	Daletice (Hungarian: Deléte) is a village and municipality in Sabinov District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Daletice	Slovakia
country	The 1976 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was a football match between West Ham United of England and Anderlecht of Belgium.	1976 European Cup Winners' Cup Final	Belgium
country	The New School Dhaka (NSD) is a private English medium school in Dhaka, Bangladesh that offers International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) as well as Advanced Level Qualifications under Edexcel, a Pearson company.	The New School Dhaka	Bangladesh
country	Distomo-Arachova-Antikyra (Greek: Δίστομο-Αράχοβα-Αντίκυρα) is a municipality in the Boeotia regional unit, Central Greece, Greece.	Distomo-Arachova-Antikyra	Greece
country	İsmayılbəyli (also, Ismailbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İsmayılbəyli	Azerbaijan
country	Folkbladet (meaning the People's Paper in English) is a Swedish-language newspaper published in Norrköping, Sweden.	Folkbladet	Sweden
country	Añelo is a second category municipality located in the Añelo Department in Neuquén Province, Argentina.	Añelo	Argentina
country	Heilig Landstichting (Dutch for Holy Land Foundation) is a village in the eastern Netherlands.	Heilig Landstichting	Netherlands
country	Heiligenkreuz im Lafnitztal (Hungarian: Rábakeresztúr, Rába-Keresztúr, Slovene: Sveti Križ) is a town in the district of Jennersdorf in the Austrian state of Burgenland close to the Austria/Hungary border.	Heiligenkreuz im Lafnitztal	Austria
country	Małomice (mawɔˈmʲit͡sɛ) (German: Mallmitz) is a town in Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,671 inhabitants (2004).	Małomice	Poland
country	The Hanseatic Trade Center (HTC) is a major office complex in the HafenCity of Hamburg, Germany.	Hanseatic Trade Center	Germany
country	Bléniméouin (also spelled Bléni-Wé-Win) is a town in western Ivory Coast.	Bléniméouin	Ivory Coast
country	Pataveh Rural District (Persian: دهستان پاتاوه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pataveh Rural District	Iran
country	Zrnovsko (Macedonian: Зрновско; Albanian: Zaroshkë) is a village in the Pustec Municipality of the Korçë County in Albania.	Zrnovsko	Albania
country	Nærøysund Bridge (Norwegian: Nærøysund bru) is a suspension bridge that crosses the Nærøysundet strait between the islands of Marøya (in Nærøy) and Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Nærøysund Bridge	Norway
country	Horse and Jockey (Irish: An Marcach) is a village in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Horse and Jockey	Ireland
country	The Auckland War Memorial Museum (or simply the Auckland Museum) is one of New Zealand's most important museums and war memorials.	Auckland War Memorial Museum	New Zealand
country	Tanjungpura University (Indonesian: Universitas Tanjungpura) or UNTAN is a public university located in the city of Pontianak in West Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Tanjungpura University	Indonesia
country	Mahim Bay is a large bay, part of the Arabian Sea in Mumbai, India.	Mahim	India
country	Sadayankuppam (Tamil: சடையங்குப்பம்), is a developing residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Sadayankuppam	India
country	The German Ice Hockey Hall of Fame, was founded in 1988 and is located in Augsburg, Germany.	German Ice Hockey Hall of Fame	Germany
country	Pico Loro is a mountain peak in the Farallones de Cali near the city of Cali in Colombia.	Pico Loro	Colombia
country	Hemse Church (Swedish: Hemse kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in Hemse on the island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby (Sweden).	Hemse Church	Sweden
country	Sankhuwasabha District (Nepali: सङ्खुवासभा जिल्ला Listen ) is in Kosi Zone of Nepal's Eastern Development Region.	Sankhuwasabha District	Nepal
country	Old St Mary's, Walmer, St Mary's Old Church, Blessed Mary of Walmer is a grade II* listed church in Upper Walmer, Kent, United Kingdom.	Old St Mary's, Walmer	United Kingdom
country	Saravan County (Persian: Ŝahrestāne Sarāwān‎) is a county in Sistan and Baluchistan in Iran, near to the international border of Pakistan.	Saravan County	Iran
country	Charsadda (Pashto: چارسده) is a town and headquarters of Charsadda District, in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Charsadda	Pakistan
country	Taulov is a town located in Fredericia municipality in the eastern part of the Jutland peninsula in Denmark.	Taulov	Denmark
country	Fuchun Secondary School (abbreviation: FCSS) is a co-educational, single session, government school in Woodlands, Singapore.	Fuchun Secondary School	Singapore
country	INCUBA Science Park is a research park in Aarhus, Denmark with four departments in Skejby, Katrinebjerg, Aarhus University and Aarhus Docklands.	INCUBA Science Park	Denmark
country	Ivan Hlinka Stadion is an indoor sporting arena located in Litvínov, Czech Republic, named after Czech ice hockey player and coach Ivan Hlinka.	Ivan Hlinka Stadion	Czech Republic
country	Honnamana Kere (Honnama Lake) (Kannada: ಹೊನ್ನಮ್ಮನ ಕೆರೆ) is a lake and holy place in Doddamalthe near the village of Sulimalthe, 6 km away from Somwarpet town of Coorg in the state of Karnataka, India.	Honnamana Kere	India
country	Lush Ab-e Qalandarabad (Persian: لوشاب قلندراباد‎, also Romanized as Lūsh Āb-e Qalandarābād; also known as Lūsh Āb and Lūsh-e Qalandarābād) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Lush Ab-e Qalandarabad	Iran
country	Tala Hydroelectric Power Station is a run-of-the-river type hydroelectric power station on the Wangchu River in Chukha District, Bhutan.	Tala Hydroelectric Power Station	Bhutan
country	Kavelan-e Olya (Persian: كاولان عليا‎, also Romanized as Kāvelān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 201, in 31 families.	Kavelan-e Olya	Iran
country	Kregolišče (pronounced (kɾɛɡɔˈliːʃtʃɛ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia, close to the border with Italy.	Kregolišče	Slovenia
country	There are two Malbaie Rivers in the province of Quebec in Canada.	Malbaie River	Canada
country	Temenia (Greek: Τεμένια) is a community and a small village in Chania regional unit on the island of Crete, Greece.	Temenia	Greece
country	Qezlar Bolaghi (Persian: قزلاربلاغي‎, also Romanized as Qezlār Bolāghī) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qezlar Bolaghi	Iran
country	The Patía River (Spanish: Río Patía) is a river in southwestern Colombia.	Patía River	Colombia
country	Seh Juy (Persian: سه جوي‎, also Romanized as Seh Jūy; also known as Seh Jū) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Seh Juy	Iran
country	Hrútafjörður is a fjord in the north-west of Iceland.	Hrútafjörður	Iceland
country	The Potenji River (Portuguese: Rio Potenji), meaning ``river of the shrimps'' in Tupi, is the principal river in the state of Rio Grande do Norte (Brazil).	Potenji River	Brazil
country	The Order For Brave Miners' Work (Ukrainian: Орден ``За доблесну шахтарську працю'') of I, II and III degree is an award of Ukraine.	Order For Brave Miners' Work	Ukraine
country	The Varodd Bridges are two parallel bridges in Kristiansand municipality, in Vest-Agder, Norway, and cross Topdalsfjorden.	Varodd Bridge	Norway
country	Château de Beaumesnil is a 17th-century Louis XIII baroque style château located in the commune of and close to the village of Beaumesnil in Eure department of Normandy in northern France.	Château de Beaumesnil	France
country	The Belmond Villa San Michele is a hotel situated on the hill of Fiesole overlooking Florence, Italy.	Belmond Villa San Michele	Italy
country	Grodno or Hrodna (Belarusian: Гродна, Hrodna (ˈɣrɔdna); Russian: Гродно, tr. Grodno; IPA: (ˈɡrodnə); see also other names) is a city in western Belarus.	Grodno	Belarus
country	El Atazar (Spanish pronunciation: (el ataˈθaɾ)) is a municipality of the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain.	El Atazar	Spain
country	Rakino Island is one of the many islands in the Hauraki Gulf, an arm of the Pacific Ocean to the northeast of Auckland, New Zealand.	Rakino Island	New Zealand
country	Blate (pronounced (ˈblaːtɛ)) is a small settlement southwest of Dolenja Vas in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Blate	Slovenia
country	Musaifiyah is a village located on Al-Jabal Al-Akhdar (the Green Mountain) in Oman.	Musaifiyah	Oman
country	Rycharcice (rɨxarˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rycharcice	Poland
country	The Carmelite Priory, Helsingør, or Priory of Our Lady, Helsingør (Vor Frue Kloster) was a house of Carmelite friars in Helsingør, Zealand, Denmark, established in 1430.	Carmelite Priory, Helsingør	Denmark
country	Bakırköy Psychiatric Hospital, short for Bakırköy Mazhar Osman Mental Health and Neurological Diseases Education and Research Hospital (Turkish: Bakırköy Prof. Dr. Mazhar Osman Ruh Sağlığı ve Sinir Hastalıkları Eğitim Araştırma Hastanesi), is a mental health hospital of the Health Ministry located in Bakırköy district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Bakırköy Psychiatric Hospital	Turkey
country	Bettendorf Castle (French: Château de Bettendorf) is located in the village of Bettendorf in eastern Luxembourg.	Bettendorf Castle	Luxembourg
country	Mercedes Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Mercedes, IATA: MDX, ICAO: SATM) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-southwest of Mercedes, Corrientes, Argentina.	Mercedes Airport	Argentina
country	The traditional ship prefix in the Polish Navy is ORP (Okręt Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej, ``Vessel of the Republic of Poland'').	Polish Navy	Poland
country	Daoulas (Breton: Daoulaz) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Daoulas	France
country	The Tongariro Northern Circuit, one of the New Zealand Great Walks, is a three to four day tramp in Tongariro National Park, New Zealand.	Tongariro Northern Circuit	New Zealand
country	Bughlamesh (Persian: بوغلمش‎, also Romanized as Būghlamesh) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bughlamesh	Iran
country	Saria Island (Greek: Σαρία) is an island in Greece.	Saria Island	Greece
country	Myślibórz Wielki (mɨˈɕlibuʂ ˈvjɛlki) (German Gross Mützelburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Warpno, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Myślibórz Wielki	Poland
country	Iriga, officially the City of Iriga (Rinconada Bikol: Syudad ka Iriga; Filipino: Lungsod ng Iriga; Bikol: Syudad nin Iriga), is a third class city in the province of Camarines Sur, Philippines.	Iriga	Philippines
country	The East German rugby union championship was a rugby union competition in the German Democratic Republic, commonly referred to as East Germany.	East German rugby union championship	East Germany
country	Wólka-Nazdroje (ˈvulka nazˈdrɔjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wólka-Nazdroje	Poland
country	Wenner-Gren Center is a tower and building complex in Vasastaden, Stockholm, Sweden.	Wenner-Gren Center	Sweden
country	Gorenja Vas pri Čatežu (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈtʃaːtɛʒu); Slovene: Gorenja vas pri Čatežu) is a small settlement to the east of Čatež in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Gorenja Vas pri Čatežu	Slovenia
country	Sheykh Veza (Persian: شيخ وزا‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Vezā; also known as Tang-e Sheykh Vezā) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Sheykh Veza	Iran
country	Tappeh Darvishi (Persian: تپه درويشي‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Darvīshī) is a village in Sarqaleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh Darvishi	Iran
country	The Giens Peninsula (French: Presqu'île de Giens) is a peninsula on the French Mediterranean coast near Hyères in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Giens Peninsula	France
country	Pir Aghach (Persian: پيراغاچ‎, also Romanized as Pīr Āghāch; also known as Pīr Āghāj) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Pir Aghach	Iran
country	Wilayatul Hisbah is the Islamic religious police force responsible for the enforcement of sharia law in the autonomous region of Aceh, Indonesia.	Wilayatul Hisbah	Indonesia
country	Qohaito, also known as Kohaito, was an ancient city in the southern Debub region of Eritrea.	Qohaito	Eritrea
country	Storuman (Southern Sami: Luspie, Ume Sami: Lusspie) is a locality and the seat of Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten County, province of Lapland, Sweden with 2,207 inhabitants in 2010.	Storuman	Sweden
country	The Maternity and Parental Leave, etc Regulations 1999 (SI 1999/3312) is a statutory instrument, concerning UK labour law, which details the rights to maternity and parental leave for employees in the United Kingdom.	Maternity and Parental Leave, etc Regulations 1999	United Kingdom
country	Fidenza is a town and comune in the province of Parma, Emilia-Romagna region, Italy.	Fidenza	Italy
country	The Macestus Bridge or Bridge of Sultançayır was a Roman segmental arched bridge across the Macestus River (Turkish: Simav or Susurluk Çayı) at Balıkesir, in the northwestern part of modern-day Turkey.	Macestus Bridge	Turkey
country	Pico Bolívar is the highest mountain in Venezuela, at 4,978 metres.	Pico Bolívar	Venezuela
country	Medjumbe Island is one of the Quirimbas Islands off the northern coast of Mozambique, within the Quirimbas National Park.	Medjumbe Island	Mozambique
country	Ponteareas is town and municipality in the province of Pontevedra, in Spain It is located on the Vigo-Benavente highway and on the river Tea, a right-hand tributary of the Miño.	Ponteareas	Spain
country	Wardęgowo (vardɛnˈɡɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wardęgowo	Poland
country	The Tiaojishan Formation is a geological formation in Hebei and Liaoning, People's Republic of China, dating to the middle-late Jurassic period (Bathonian-Oxfordian stages).	Tiaojishan Formation	People's Republic of China
country	Vairavapatti is a village in the Tirupattur taluk Sivaganga district of Tamil Nadu,India.	Vairavapatti	India
country	Mazraeh-ye Hajji Ali Baba (Persian: مزرعه حاجي علي بابا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩājjī ``Alī Bābā) is a village in Garizat Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 10 families.	Mazraeh-ye Hajji Ali Baba	Iran
country	Reževići Monastery (Serbian: Манастир Режевићи) or The Monastery of Rezevići is a medieval Serbian Orthodox monastery located in Katun Reževići village between Budva and Petrovac in modern day Montenegro.	Reževići Monastery	Montenegro
country	In the United Kingdom, the event is often referred to as the Lockerbie disaster, the Lockerbie bombing, or just Lockerbie.	Lockerbie	United Kingdom
country	Established in 1855, the Warrandyte Cricket Club is located in the eastern suburbs of Victoria (Australia), and is the 3rd oldest active cricket club in the state.	Warrandyte Cricket Club	Australia
country	The Jurby Transport Museum (Manx: Thie Tashtee Arraghey Yurby) is a transport museum in Jurby on the Isle of Man occupying a former aircraft hangar.	Jurby Transport Museum	Isle of Man
country	Sadd-e Kheyrabad (Persian: سدخيراباد‎, also Romanized as Sadd-e Kheyrābād; also known as Kheyrābād-e Do) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sadd-e Kheyrabad	Iran
country	Chrabrany (pronounced /''xrabranɪ/) is a municipality in the Topoľčany District of the Nitra Region, Slovakia.	Chrabrany	Slovakia
country	The Jerma (Serbian Cyrillic: Јерма) or Erma (Bulgarian: Ерма) is a river in southeastern Serbia and western Bulgaria.	Jerma	Serbia	Bulgaria
country	Jervvasstind (also known as: Gjertvasstind and Østre Styggedalstind) is Norway's ninth highest mountain.	Jervvasstind	Norway
country	Beloretsk (Russian: Белоре́цк; Bashkir: Белорет, Beloret) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the Belaya River, 245 kilometers (152 mi) from Ufa.	Beloretsk	Russia
country	Byera Hill is a town on the east coast of Saint Vincent, in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.	Byera Hill	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
country	Mashta al-Helu (Arabic: مشتى الحلو‎, also known as Meshta al-Helu or Mashta al-Helo) is a town and resort in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located 35 kilometers east of Tartus.	Mashta al-Helu	Syria
country	TÜBİTAK National Observatory (Turkish: TÜBİTAK Ulusal Gozlemevi, TUG) is a ground-based astronomical observatory operated by the TUG Institute of the Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (TUBITAK).	TÜBİTAK National Observatory	Turkey
country	Fort Grey TB Hospital is a specialised Provincial government-funded TB hospital situated in East London, Eastern Cape in South Africa.	Fort Grey TB Hospital	South Africa
country	In addition, on clear days, the Stadelhorn offers a view from the Großer Priel in the east over the Dachstein and the High Tauern - including the Großglockner and Großvenediger - to Germany's highest peak, the Zugspitze, in the west.	Stadelhorn	Germany
country	Vrhovje (pronounced (ʋəɾˈːxou̯jɛ)) is a small settlement without any permanent residents in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vrhovje	Slovenia
country	Kāwhia Harbour is one of three large natural inlets in the Tasman Sea coast of the Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island.	Kāwhia Harbour	New Zealand
country	The Autovía A-47 is a proposed highway in Spain, it is planned as an upgrade of the N-433.	Autovía A-47	Spain
country	TUI Cruises is a Germany-based, Joint venture cruise line of the German Tourist firm, TUI AG and the American cruise line operator, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd..	TUI Cruises	Germany
country	Novokuybyshevsk (Russian: Новоку́йбышевск) is a city in Samara Oblast, Russia, located on the western bank of the Volga River, 6 kilometers (3.7 mi) away from it.	Novokuybyshevsk	Russia
country	Gmina Lelkowo is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, on the border with Russia.	Gmina Lelkowo	Poland
country	Milton District Hospital (or MDH) is a community hospital built on 30 acres (12 ha) of land, located in Milton, Ontario, Canada.	Milton District Hospital	Canada
country	Harfleur (pronounced: (aʁ.flœʁ)) is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in Normandie region in northern France.	Harfleur	France
country	Lukusuzi National Park is located in eastern Luangwa Valley in Zambia, on the other side of the Luangwa River from the more famous South Luangwa National Park.	Lukusuzi National Park	Zambia
country	Ain al-Hilweh (Arabic: عين الحلوة‎, lit. meaning ``sweet natural spring''), also spelled as Ayn al-Hilweh and Ein al-Hilweh, is the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Lebanon.	Ain al-Hilweh	Lebanon
country	Strandboulevarden (literally ``Beach Boulevard'') is a major street in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Strandboulevarden	Denmark
country	Horné Krškany is a little town in the Nitra region of Slovakia.	Horné Krškany	Slovakia
country	Schagen ((ˈsxaːɣə(n))) is a city and municipality in the northwestern Netherlands.	Schagen	Netherlands
country	Valdaysky National Park (Russian: Валдайский национальный парк) is a national park in the north of Russia, located in Valdaysky, Okulovsky, and Demyansky Districts of Novgorod Oblast.	Valdaysky National Park	Russia
country	The Nuevo Mundo Dam is an embankment dam on the Moa River about 12 km (7.5 mi) south of Moa in Holguín Province, Cuba.	Nuevo Mundo Dam	Cuba
country	Teply Klyuch Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Теплый Ключ) (IATA: KDY, ICAO: UEMH) is an airport serving the urban locality of Khandyga, Tomponsky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia.	Teply Klyuch Airport	Russia
country	Nautsiyoki River (Russian: Наутсийоки) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Nautsiyoki River	Russia
country	Podkampinos (pɔtkamˈpinɔs) is a village in the rural administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podkampinos	Poland
country	Escuela Libre de Derecho is a prestigious law school in Mexico.	Escuela Libre de Derecho	Mexico
country	Katagum is a town, a local government area and a traditional emirate in Bauchi State of northern Nigeria.	Katagum	Nigeria
country	Maritime Victory Park is a municipal park on Krestovsky Island in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Maritime Victory Park	Russia
country	Wulften am Harz is a municipality in Lower Saxony, Germany, near the towns of Northeim and Osterode am Harz.	Wulften am Harz	Germany
country	Karawang (Kota Karawang or Karawang Kota) is the capital of the Karawang Regency of West Java, Indonesia.	Karawang	Indonesia
country	Smålandsposten is a Swedish language local morning newspaper published in Växjö, Southern Sweden.	Smålandsposten	Sweden
country	Vingtaine du Rocquier (Jèrriais: Vîngtaine du Rotchi) is one of the three vingtaines of the Parish of Saint Clement in Jersey.	Vingtaine du Rocquier	Jersey
country	Mook en Middelaar (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmoːk ən ˈmɪdəlaːr), Limburgish: Mook en Middelar) is a municipality in the mid-eastern part of the Netherlands, at the northern tip of the province of Limburg and is a part of Stadsregio Arnhem Nijmegen.	Mook en Middelaar	Netherlands
country	Aba-wa is a village in the Bago Division of south-east Myanmar.	Aba-wa	Myanmar
country	Takchang (Nepali: ताकछाङ) is a village near Pakyong in East Sikkim, India.	Takchang	India
country	Tuchah (Persian: توچاه‎, also Romanized as Tūchāh) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Tuchah	Iran
country	Szystowice (ʂɨstɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szystowice	Poland
country	Semjong Gewog (Dzongkha: སེམས་ལྗོངས་) is a gewog (village block) of Tsirang District, Bhutan.	Semjong Gewog	Bhutan
country	Fedjeosen is a strait or stretch of open sea in Hordaland county, Norway.	Fedjeosen	Norway
country	Qwiha (also Kuha or Kwiha) is a town located in northern Ethiopia.	Qwiha	Ethiopia
country	The Nyika Plateau lies in northern Malawi, with a small portion in north eastern Zambia.	Nyika Plateau	Malawi	Zambia
country	The village of Vík ( pronunciation ; or Vík í Mýrdal in full) is the southernmost village in Iceland, located on the main ring road around the island, around 180 km (110 mi) by road southeast of Reykjavík.	Vík í Mýrdal	Iceland
country	The Putangirua Pinnacles (also known colloquially simply as The Pinnacles) are a geological formation and one of New Zealand's best examples of badlands erosion.	Putangirua Pinnacles	New Zealand
country	Ballarat Heritage Weekend is a community cultural festival held annually in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.	Ballarat Heritage Weekend	Australia
country	Ovrejaevrie (Southern Sami) or Orvatnet (Norwegian) is a lake in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ovrejaevrie	Norway
country	The Museum of Fine Arts of Nancy (French: Musée des Beaux-Arts de Nancy) is one of the oldest museums in France.	Museum of Fine Arts of Nancy	France
country	Lugh Ganane Airport (IATA: LGX, ICAO: HCMJ) is an airport serving Luuq, Somalia.	Lugh Ganane Airport	Somalia
country	The Votkinsk Hydroelectric Station (Russian: Воткинская ГЭС) is a dam and hydroelectric power station on the Kama River along the border of Perm Krai and Udmurtia, Russia.	Votkinsk Hydroelectric Station	Russia
country	Osiedle-Nowiny (ɔˈɕɛdlɛ nɔˈvinɨ) is a village in Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Osiedle-Nowiny	Poland
country	Oetz is a municipality in the Imst district of Tyrol, Austria, located 11.7 km (7.3 mi) southeast of Imst at the lower course of the Ötztaler Ache in the outer Ötztal valley at the foot of Acherkogel mountain (3 008 m, 9,869 ft).	Oetz	Austria
country	Gondomar (São Cosme), Valbom e Jovim is a civil parish in the municipality of Gondomar, Portugal.	Gondomar (São Cosme), Valbom e Jovim	Portugal
country	Parêzan is a village which is a part of Mutki district of Bitlis Province, Turkey.	Parêzan	Turkey
country	Skiippagurra is a village in Deatnu-Tana Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Skiippagurra	Norway
country	Azad Maidan (formerly known as Bombay Gymkhana Maidan) is a triangular-shaped maidan (sports ground) in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Azad Maidan	India
country	Saint-Perreux (Breton: Sant-Pereg) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France and named after the Welsh monk, Saint Petroc.	Saint-Perreux	France
country	The Gándara (also known as the Soba River) is a river in Green Spain, at the north of the country.	Gándara	Spain
country	Movil (Persian: مويل‎, also Romanized as Movīl and Mū’īl; also known as Mūbel and Mūl) is a village in Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Movil	Iran
country	HaHotrim (Hebrew: הַחוֹתְרִים, lit. The Rowers) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	HaHotrim	Israel
country	Læsø Airport, or Læsø Airport (IATA: BYR, ICAO: EKLS), is located on the island of Læsø, in the North Denmark Region of Denmark.	Læsø Airport	Denmark
country	Tumatumari is a community in the Potaro-Siparuni Region of Guyana, located some 15 km upstream of the confluence of the Potaro and Essequibo Rivers.	Tumatumari	Guyana
country	Ambovombe-Androy (ambuˈvumbe ˈaɳɖʐuj), or just Ambovombe, is a city in the far south of Madagascar, and the capital of the Androy region.	Ambovombe-Androy	Madagascar
country	German submarine U-575 was a Type VIIC U-boat in service of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She carried out ten patrols, sailing for 463 days and sinking eight ships totalling 36,010 gross register tons (GRT) and damaged three others of 29,777 GRT.	German submarine U-575	Nazi Germany
country	Mowtowr-e Hajji Cheragh (Persian: موتورحاجي چراغ‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Cherāgh) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hajji Cheragh	Iran
country	Villar-Saint-Pancrace (also known as Grand Villar or le Villar, Occitan: lë Viärà) is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.	Villar-Saint-Pancrace	France
country	Sengalipuram (``Shivakalipuram'' is a village in Tamil Nadu, India. Notable people from the village include Sengalipuram Muthanna, Anantharama Deekshithar and the Tamil writer ``Thiru''. It is one of the 18 Vathima villages.	Sengalipuram	India
country	Tågarp is a bimunicipal locality situated in Svalöv Municipality and Landskrona Municipality in Skåne County, Sweden with 431 inhabitants in 2010.	Tågarp	Sweden
country	The Collegiata di San Michele Arcangelo is Renaissance-style Roman Catholic church located on Via San Giuseppe #1, at one end of the Piazza del Tribunale, in the town of Lucignano, Province of Arezzo, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Collegiata di San Michele Arcangelo	Italy
country	Nosturi (Finnish for ``crane'') is a culture and music hall and a nightclub in the Punavuori district of Helsinki, Finland.	Nosturi	Finland
country	Lippe-Atakh (Russian: Липпе-Атах) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Onkhoysky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 50 kilometers (31 mi) from Verkhnevilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Lippe-Atakh	Russia
country	Moonee Valley Racecourse is a horse-racing track in Melbourne, Australia which hosts races for Thoroughbreds.	Moonee Valley Racecourse	Australia
country	Blidinje is a Nature park in Bosnia and Herzegovina, established on 30 April 1995.	Blidinje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lake Babyna (Belarusian: Возера Бабына) is a lake, located 15 km southwest of Polotsk, Belarus.	Lake Babyna	Belarus
country	The Lycée français de Pondichéry is a French international school Pondicherry in Puducherry, India.	Lycée français de Pondichéry	India
country	The Torslanda Church (Swedish: Torslanda kyrka) is a medieval church in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Torslanda Church	Sweden
country	Noida, short for the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority is a planned city in India under the management of the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority (also called NOIDA).	Noida	India
country	Châteaurenard (Occitan: Castèurainard) is a commune in the Arles arrondissement, in the Bouches-du-Rhône department, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southern France.	Châteaurenard	France
country	22 Bishopsgate is a commercial skyscraper planned for construction in London, United Kingdom.	22 Bishopsgate	United Kingdom
country	Hoseynabad-e Chakari (Persian: حسين ابادچكري‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Chakarī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Chakari	Iran
country	Wawasan Open University (WOU; Malay: Universiti Terbuka Wawasan) is a private university in Malaysia specialising in open distance learning.	Wawasan Open University	Malaysia
country	Harrat Rahat is a volcanic lava field in Saudi Arabia.	Harrat Rahat	Saudi Arabia
country	Dajabón is the capital city of the Dajabón province in the Dominican Republic, located on the border with Haiti.	Dajabón	Dominican Republic
country	Estadio Florencio Sola (nicknamed ``Lencho'') is a multi-use stadium in Banfield, Argentina.	Estadio Florencio Sola	Argentina
country	Wingårdh arkitektkontor is an architectural firm based in the Sweden.	Wingårdh arkitektkontor	Sweden
country	Wólka Smoszewska (ˈvulka smɔˈʂɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Smoszewska	Poland
country	Teddywaddy is a locality in the Lower Avoca ward of the local government area of the Shire of Buloke, Victoria, Australia.	Teddywaddy	Australia
country	Shusef (Persian: شوسف‎, also Romanized as Shūsef, Shoosaf, and Shūsf; also known as Shusp) is a city in and the capital of Shusef District, in Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shusef	Iran
country	The Western Beskids (Czech: Západní Beskydy; Slovak: Západné Beskydy; Polish: Beskidy Zachodnie) are a set of mountain ranges spanning the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Poland.	Western Beskids	Czech Republic
country	Saidpur Airport (IATA: SPD, ICAO: VGSD) is a domestic airport in Saidpur, Bangladesh.	Saidpur Airport	Bangladesh
country	Taman Sri Muda (Section 25) is a major townships in Shah Alam, Selangor, Malaysia.	Taman Sri Muda	Malaysia
country	Emmaste (German: Emmast) is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.	Emmaste	Estonia
country	Kamshahr (Persian: كمشهر‎) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kamshahr	Iran
country	Pokigron is a town in Suriname located on Brokopondo Reservoir.	Pokigron	Suriname
country	Borujen County (Persian: شهرستان بروجن‎) is a county in Chaharmahal-o-Bakhtiari Province in Iran.	Borujen County	Iran
country	The Hausberg Gondola Lift (German: Hausbergbahn) runs from Garmisch-Partenkirchen (732 m or 2,402 ft) in South Germany up to the Hausberg mountain (1,338 m or 4,390 ft) and the ``Classic'' ski area of Hausberg-Alpspitze.	Hausberg Gondola Lift	Germany
country	Gotland Municipality (Swedish: Gotlands kommun) is a municipality that covers the entire island of Gotland in Sweden.	Gotland Municipality	Sweden
country	Garraf, better known as El Garraf, is a comarca (county) in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, northern Spain.	Garraf	Spain
country	The Maya Mountains are a mountain range located in Belize and eastern Guatemala, in Central America.	Maya Mountains	Belize	Guatemala
country	Uśnice (uɕˈnit͡sɛ) (German Usnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Uśnice	Poland
country	Żyrzyn (ˈʐɨʐɨn) is a village in Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Żyrzyn	Poland
country	Khwaja du koh is a town and the center of Khwaja du koh District, Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan.	Khwaja du koh	Afghanistan
country	Čitluci (Serbian: Читлуци) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čitluci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kitum Cave, in Mount Elgon National Park, Kenya, became well known in the 1980s when two European visitors contracted Marburg virus there.	Kitum Cave	Kenya
country	Skourta (Greek: Σκούρτα) is a village in Boeotia, Greece.	Skourta	Greece
country	Vari-ye Kalak (Persian: ورئ كلك‎, also Romanized as Varī-ye Kalak) is a village in Gachi Rural District, Gachi District, Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Vari-ye Kalak	Iran
country	Dojazdów (dɔˈjazduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Dojazdów	Poland
country	The Zuidas (literally South Axis in Dutch) is a rapidly developing business district in the city of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Zuidas	Netherlands
country	Mala Goba (German: Kleingoba) is a small settlement north of Gabrovka in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Mala Goba	Slovenia
country	Sernur (Russian: Се́рнур; Meadow Mari: Шернур) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Sernursky District of the Mari El Republic, Russia.	Sernur	Russia
country	The Changi Museum is a museum dedicated to Singapore's history during the Second World War.	Changi Museum	Singapore
country	Aq Kand-e Baruq (Persian: اقكندباروق‎, also Romanized as Āq Kand-e Bārūq) is a village in Baruq Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aq Kand-e Baruq	Iran
country	CAC 40 companies conduct over two-thirds of their business and employ over two-thirds of their workforce outside France.	CAC 40	France
country	The Manaro Mercury, and Cooma and Bombala Advertiser (also titled The Monaro Mercury, and Cooma and Bombala Advertiser) was a newspaper published in Cooma, New South Wales, Australia from 1861 to 24 December 1931.	The Manaro Mercury, and Cooma and Bombala Advertiser	Australia
country	Gryazi (Russian: Гря́зи) is a town and the administrative center of Gryazinsky District in Lipetsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Matyra River (left tributary of the Voronezh; Don's basin) 30 kilometers (19 mi) southeast of Lipetsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Gryazi	Russia
country	Smołdziny (smɔu̯ˈd͡ʑinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Smołdziny	Poland
country	Xiantao West Railway Station is a railway station located in Xiantao City, Hubei Province, People's Republic of China, on the Hanyi Railway which operated by Wuhan Railway Bureau, Ministry of Railways of the PRC.	Xiantao West Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The Escola Superior de Enfermagem de Coimbra (ESEnfC) is a public nursing school in Coimbra, Portugal.	Escola Superior de Enfermagem de Coimbra	Portugal
country	Vynohradiv (Ukrainian: Виноградів, Hungarian: Nagyszőlős) is a city in western Ukraine, Zakarpattia Oblast.	Vynohradiv	Ukraine
country	Choele Choel is home to a sizable Russian community; besides the European immigrant communities common to most of Argentina, the town received refugees from Laos in the 1970s.	Choele Choel	Argentina
country	Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park (formerly known as Bishan Park) is a major park in Singapore, located in the popular heartland of Bishan.	Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park	Singapore
country	Tofino is a district of about 1,876 residents on the west coast of Vancouver Island, in British Columbia, Canada, located at the western terminus of Highway 4, on the tip of the Esowista Peninsula, at the southern edge of Clayoquot Sound.	Tofino	Canada
country	Anamoq (Persian: انامق‎, also Romanized as Anāmoq, Anāmaq, and Anāmeq; also known as Anama) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Anamoq	Iran
country	The northern Zambezi Escarpment in Zambia is steeper.	Zambezi Escarpment	Zambia
country	Orfani (Turkish: Örfihane,Greek: Ορφάνι, formerly Ορφάνιον - Orfanion) is a village and a former municipality in the Kavala regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Orfani	Greece
country	Loikaw (Burmese: လွိုင်ကော်မြို့; MLCTS: lwing kaw mrui., pronounced: (lwàikɔ̀ mjo̰)) is the capital of Kayah State in Burma (Myanmar).	Loikaw	Myanmar
country	Fljótshlíð is a rural area in the municipality of Rangárþing eystra in Southern Region, Iceland.	Fljótshlíð	Iceland
country	The Peter Friedrich Ludwig Hospital (aka Kulturzentrum PFL) is cultural centre and former hospital in the city of Oldenburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Peter Friedrich Ludwig Hospital	Germany
country	Cennet and Cehennem (English: heaven and hell) are the names of two large sinkholes in the Taurus Mountains, in Mersin Province, Turkey.	Cennet and Cehennem	Turkey
country	Sant'Orsola a Chiaia (also called Sant'Orsola dei Mercedari Spagnoli, or the Parish church of Santa Maria della Mercede a Chiaia) is a church in largo Sant'Orsola in the quartieri of Chiaia in Naples, Italy.	Sant'Orsola a Chiaia	Italy
country	Śliwowo-Łopienite (ɕliˈvɔvɔ wɔpjɛˈnitɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Śliwowo-Łopienite	Poland
country	Yishun MRT Station (NS13) is an elevated Mass Rapid Transit station in Singapore.	Yishun MRT Station	Singapore
country	The Yurysdyka (Belarusian: Юрысдыка; Russian: Юрисдика, Yurisdika) is a river in Hrodna and Hrodna district, Belarus.	Yurysdyka	Belarus
country	GeoCenter Møns Klint is a geological museum on the island of Møn in southeastern Denmark.	GeoCenter Møns Klint	Denmark
country	The Fort of Huy (French: Fort de Huy) or the Citadel of Huy (French: Citadelle de Huy), known locally as The Castle (Walloon: Li Tchestia), is a fortress located in Huy in the Province of Liège, Belgium.	Citadel of Huy	Belgium
country	Szydłowiec (ʂɨˈdwɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Schiedlowietz, Hebrew: שידלוביץ, Yiddish: שידלָאווצע) is a town in Szydłowiec County, Mazovian Voivodeship, Poland, with 15,243 inhabitants (December 31, 2005).	Szydłowiec	Poland
country	Dehnow Aligar (Persian: ده نواليگر‎, also Romanized as Dehnow Alīgar; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dehnow Aligar	Iran
country	Panniwala Ruldu is a village near Kalan Wali in Sirsa district, Haryana, India.	Panniwala Ruldu	India
country	Poshteh-ye Sofla (Persian: پشته سفلي‎, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Soflá; also known as Poshteh Pā’īn and Poshteh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Chalanchulan Rural District, Silakhor District, Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Poshteh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Following the United Kingdom local elections, 2011 and subsequent defections the political composition of King's Lynn and West Norfolk council is as follows:	King's Lynn and West Norfolk	United Kingdom
country	The Canadian Memorial Chiropractic College is an non-profit, private higher education institution in Toronto, Canada.	Canadian Memorial Chiropractic College	Canada
country	Bangsan-dong is a legal dong, or neighbourhood of the Jung-gu district in Seoul, South Korea and governed by its administrative dong, Euljiro 3, 4, 5ga-dong	Bangsan-dong	South Korea
country	Brzozowo Stare (bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowo Stare	Poland
country	Qaleh-ye Naveh Kesh (Persian: قلعه ناوه كش‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Nāveh Kesh) is a village in Shurab Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 7 families.	Qaleh-ye Naveh Kesh	Iran
country	Narayani Temple is dedicated to ten armed goddess Narayani or Lakshmi and is located in Narayani village situated near Khalikote, Orissa, India.	Narayani Temple	India
country	The Wadi ash-Shati' (Wadi ash Shatti) is a valley in west-central Libya, arising out of the Sawda Mountains, situated between the towns Wanzarik and Umm al-'Abid in the west and east, respectively.	Wadi ash-Shati'	Libya
country	Liptovský Hrádok (German: Neuhäusel in der Liptau; Hungarian: Liptóújvár) is a town in northern Slovakia, in the region of Liptov.	Liptovský Hrádok	Slovakia
country	The Vishalakshi Temple or Vishalakshi Gauri Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to the goddess Vishalakshi (an aspect of goddess Parvati/Gauri) at Mir Ghat on the banks of the Ganges at Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Vishalakshi Temple	India
country	Panna National Park is a national park located in Panna and Chhatarpur districts of Madhya Pradesh in India.	Panna National Park	India
country	The Reversing Falls Railway Bridge is the name given to two different steel truss bridges crossing the Saint John River at the same location in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada.	Reversing Falls Railway Bridge	Canada
country	The Municipality of Ajdovščina (pronounced (ˈaːi̯dɔu̯ʃtʃina); Slovene: Občina Ajdovščina) is a municipality with a population of a little below 19,000 located in the Vipava Valley, southwestern Slovenia.	Municipality of Ajdovščina	Slovenia
country	Moravské Lieskové (Hungarian: Morvamogyoród) is a village and municipality in Nové Mesto nad Váhom District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Moravské Lieskové	Slovakia
country	In 2011, Exit International unveiled the first pro-euthanasia billboard in Australia on the Hume Highway near Sydney.	Exit International	Australia
country	The University of Batna (French: Université de Batna, also named Université Colonel Hadj Lakhdar, Arabic: جامعة باتنة) is a public university in the city of Batna, Algeria.	University of Batna	Algeria
country	Żuławki (ʐuˈwafki) (German Fürstenwerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żuławki	Poland
country	Tendéné-Bambarasso is a town in northeast Ivory Coast.	Tendéné-Bambarasso	Ivory Coast
country	Addo Elephant National Park is a diverse wildlife conservation park situated close to Port Elizabeth in South Africa and is one of the country's 19 national parks.	Addo Elephant National Park	South Africa
country	Gaire is a coastal village, located 46.6 kilometres (29.0 mi) by road along to coast to the southeast of the centre of Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.	Gaire	Papua New Guinea
country	ProSieben (Sieben is German for seven) is a commercial television station in Germany.	ProSieben	Germany
country	Lushi County (simplified Chinese: 卢氏县; traditional Chinese: 盧氏縣; pinyin: Lúshì Xiàn) is a county of the Qin Mountains (Qin Ling) in western Henan province, People's Republic of China.	Lushi County	People's Republic of China
country	Toktogul Dam is a hydroelectric and irrigation dam on the Naryn River in the Jalal-Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Toktogul Dam	Kyrgyzstan
country	Mount Dampier (Rangiroa in Māori) is New Zealand's third highest mountain, rising to 3,440 metres (11,290 ft).	Mount Dampier	New Zealand
country	Teškoto or Teshkoto (Macedonian: Тешкото, ``the hard one''), is a folk dance from western Macedonia, specifically from the Mijak ethnographic region.	Teshkoto	Macedonia
country	Thengellavarigudem is a village 100 km from Hyderabad, India.	Thengellavarigudem	India
country	Wólka Ostrożeńska (ˈvulka ɔstrɔˈʐɛɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Ostrożeńska	Poland
country	Stachowice (staxɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Groß Friedrichsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stachowice	Poland
country	Rarotonga International Airport (IATA: RAR, ICAO: NCRG) is the Cook Islands' main international gateway, located in the town and district of Avarua, Rarotonga, 3km west of the downtown area on the northern coast.	Rarotonga International Airport	Cook Islands
country	Ellingsøy or Ellingsøya is the northernmost island in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Ellingsøy	Norway
country	Festivalgate was an amusement park in Osaka, Japan, just beside the Shin-Imamiya Station of the Osaka Loop Line of Nishinihon Japan Railway and Nankai Railway.	Festivalgate	Japan
country	The University of Granada (UGR) is a public university located in the city of Granada (Spain) that enrolls approximately 80,000 students, thereby becoming the fourth largest university in Spain.	University of Granada	Spain
country	Kostolná Ves (Hungarian: Kisegyházas) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Kostolná Ves	Slovakia
country	Rivadavia Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Rivadavia, IATA: RVD, ICAO: SASR) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Rivadavia, Mendoza, Argentina.	Rivadavia Airport	Argentina
country	Los Gallardos (Spanish: (los ɣaˈʎarðos), locally: (lɔʱ ɣaˈʝaɾðɔʰ)) is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Los Gallardos	Spain
country	Port Essington is an inlet and historic site located on the Cobourg Peninsula in the Garig Gunak Barlu National Park in Australia's Northern Territory.	Port Essington	Australia
country	Augustenborg Palace (or Augustenborg Castle; Danish: Augustenborg Slot, German: Schloss Augustenburg) is a Rococo-style palace in the southwestern part of Augustenborg, Als Island, Denmark, overlooking Augustenborg Fjord.	Augustenborg Palace	Denmark
country	Črni Potok pri Dragi (pronounced (ˈtʃəɾni ˈpɔːtɔk pɾi ˈdɾaːɡi); German: Schwarzenbach) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Čabranka River in the Municipality of Loški Potok in southern Slovenia, right on the border with Croatia.	Črni Potok pri Dragi	Slovenia
country	Akhtarabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان اخترآباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Akhtarabad Rural District	Iran
country	Kaljina (Serbian: Каљина) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kaljina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tsuru River or Tsuru-kawa River (鶴川 in Japanese) is a branch of the Sagami River of Honshu, Japan.	Tsuru River	Japan
country	Marienlyst Castle, Danish Marienlyst Slot, is a palacial residence located in Helsingør, Denmark.	Marienlyst Castle	Denmark
country	Kalateh-ye Torkha (Persian: كلاته تركها‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Torkhā) is a village in Darband Rural District, Jolgeh Sankhvast District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Torkha	Iran
country	Abisko (Northern Sami: Ábeskovvu) is a village in northern Sweden, near Abisko National Park, located 4 km west of the village.	Abisko	Sweden
country	Lawksawk (Burmese: Yatsawk or Yatsauk; Shan: လွၵ်ႉၸွၵ်ႇ) is a town in Shan State, Myanmar.	Lawksawk	Myanmar
country	Jenikowo (jɛniˈkɔvɔ) (German: Hohen Schönau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Jenikowo	Poland
country	Cañaris District (Kañaris in Quechua) is one of six districts of the province Ferreñafe in Peru.	Cañaris District	Peru
country	Pic dels Aspres is a mountain in the northwest of the principality of Andorra, close to the border with Spain.	Pic dels Aspres	Andorra
country	Sterpejki (stɛrˈpɛi̯ki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Sterpejki	Poland
country	The Bela Stena mine is one of the largest magnesite mines in Serbia.	Bela Stena mine	Serbia
country	Foxtel's shareholders are Telstra (50%, through Telstra Media Pty Ltd) and News Corp (50%, through News Corp Australia).	Foxtel	Australia
country	Yuxarı Tüləkəran (also, Yukhary Tyulekiran and Yukhary Tyulyakeran) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yuxarı Tüləkəran	Azerbaijan
country	National Chiayi University (NCYU; Chinese: 國立嘉義大學) is a public university located in Chiayi City and Chiayi County, Taiwan.	National Chiayi University	Taiwan
country	Pskov-Caves Monastery or The Pskovo-Pechersky Dormition Monastery or Pskovo-Pechersky Monastery (Russian: Пско́во-Печ́ерский Успе́нский монасты́рь, Estonian: Petseri klooster) is a Russian Orthodox male monastery, located in Pechory, Pskov Oblast in Russia, just a few kilometers from the Estonian border.	Pskov-Caves Monastery	Russia
country	In 2002, M.J. Maillis Group announces the acquisition of Wulftec International Inc., the leading manufacturer of stretch wrapping machines in Canada.	Wulftec International	Canada
country	The King Fahd Bridge' (Pont Roi Fahd) of Bamako Mali connects the older sections of the Malian capital to its broad suburbs on the south shore of the Niger River.	King Fahd Bridge	Mali
country	Vasneh (Persian: وسنه‎, also Romanized as Vesnah) is a village in Sarkal Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Vasneh	Iran
country	La Cañada de Verich (Spanish: (la kaˈɲaða ðe βeˈɾik)) or La Canyada de Veric (Catalan: (ɫə kəˈɲaðə ðə βəˈɾik), locally: (la kaˈɲaða ðe βeˈɾik)) is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	La Cañada de Verich	Spain
country	Sharafvand (Persian: شرفوند‎) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sharafvand	Iran
country	San Benedetto dei Marsi (Latin: Marruvium or Marrubium; Greek: Μαρούϊον) is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	San Benedetto dei Marsi	Italy
country of citizenship	John Watson Cox (16 September 1902--20 October 1984) was a New Zealand lawyer and town planning administrator.	John Watson Cox	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Louise Mortensen (born December 11, 1979, in Aalborg, Denmark) is a former Danish handballer.	Louise Mortensen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Jakob Segal (April 17, 1911 in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire -- September 30, 1995) was a biology professor at Humboldt University in the former East Germany.	Jakob Segal	Germany
country of citizenship	Victor Vargas (born March 28, 1952) is a Venezuelan entrepreneur and philanthropist, best known for being the owner and president of the fourth largest private bank in Venezuela, Banco Occidental de Descuento.	Victor Vargas	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Moses Wolf Goldberg was born in Rūjiena, Latvia in 1905 and moved to Võru, Estonia as a young child.	Moses Wolf Goldberg	Estonia
country of citizenship	Air Commodore (retired) Idongesit Nkanga was governor of Akwa Ibom State in Nigeria from September 1990 to January 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida, handing over to en elected civilian Governor at the start of the Nigerian Third Republic.	Idongesit Nkanga	Nigeria
country of citizenship	David Epston (born 30 August 1944) is a New Zealand therapist, co-director of the Family Therapy Centre in Auckland, New Zealand, and Visiting Professor at the John F. Kennedy University.	David Epston	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Manimou Camara (born July 1978, Matam, Conakry Region, Guinea) is a master drummer and dancer from the West African nation of Guinea.	Manimou Camara	Guinea
country of citizenship	Ivan Jean-Marie (born 28 September 1972) is a retired athlete from Saint Lucia Jean-Marie was part of the first ever team to represent Saint Lucia at the Olympic Games when he competed at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games in the 400 metres and the 4 x 100 metres relay.	Ivan Jean-Marie	Saint Lucia
country of citizenship	Charles the Deaf (Swedish: Karl Döve) from the House of Bjelbo was the jarl of Sweden during 1216--1220.	Charles the Deaf	Sweden
country of citizenship	Werner Wnendt is a German diplomat and statesman currently serving as the Ambassador of Germany to Canada.	Werner Wnendt	Germany
country of citizenship	Høgni Reistrup (artistic name Högni Reistrup, born 1984) is a Faroese singer, musician, writer and scientist from Tórshavn, Faroe Islands.	Høgni Reistrup	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Colin Woolway (Born January 24, 1959, in Herne Hill, Lambeth, United Kingdom) is a well known drummer, teacher and author of Drumsense Volumes 1 & 2, which are rapidly becoming the standard books for teaching beginners to play the drum kit.	Colin Woolway	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert (born September 15, 1992) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Chad.	Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert	Chad
country of citizenship	Margaret Fredkulla of Sweden (1080s -- 4 November 1130) was a medieval Scandinavian queen, Princess of Sweden and Queen consort of Denmark and Norway, married to King Magnus III of Norway and King Niels of Denmark, and regent de facto of Denmark.	Margaret Fredkulla	Denmark	Norway
country of citizenship	Shane Marteene (born 25 May 1977 in Moranbah, Queensland, Australia) is a former rugby league player.	Shane Marteene	Australia
country of citizenship	Francis William Ogilvy-Grant, 10th Earl of Seafield and 2nd Baron Strathspey (9 March 1847 -- 3 December 1888), was a Scottish peer who lived most of his adult life in New Zealand.	Francis William Ogilvy-Grant, 10th Earl of Seafield	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Charles Robert Wilson (1863--1904) was an English academic of the Indian Education Service, known as a historian of British India.	Charles Robert Wilson	India
country of citizenship	In the 2005--06 campaign Toñito returned to Spain and Tenerife, with the club now in the second division, scoring seven league goals including two in a 3--2 away win against Racing de Ferrol on 27 May 2006, before he was stretchered off.	Toñito	Spain
country of citizenship	Florian Lukas (16 March 1973 Berlin, Germany) is a German actor.	Florian Lukas	Germany
country of citizenship	Born and raised in Hyderabad, India, Poonam Kaur did her schooling in Hyderabad Public School, before doing fashion designing at the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) in Delhi.	Poonam Kaur	India
country of citizenship	Mark Solms was educated at Pretoria Boys'' High School in South Africa.	Mark Solms	South Africa
country of citizenship	Kitataiki Akeyoshi (北太樹 明義, born 5 October 1982) is a professional sumo wrestler from Machida City, Tokyo, Japan.	Kitataiki Akeyoshi	Japan
country of citizenship	During his career Chris Munce has won thirty-five Group One conditions races including Australia's most prestigious races, the Melbourne Cup and the Cox Plate.	Chris Munce	Australia
country of citizenship	Blanka Amezkua (born 1971 in Mexico City) is a Mexican contemporary artist currently living and working in New York City.	Blanka Amezkua	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ralph de la Vega was born in Cuba, and emigrated to the United States in 1962, at the age of ten.	Ralph de la Vega	Cuba
country of citizenship	Bharrat Jagdeo (born 23 January 1964) is a Guyanese politician who was President of Guyana from 11 August 1999, to 3 December 2011.	Bharrat Jagdeo	Guyana
country of citizenship	Antonio Ortiz Mena (16 April 1907 -- 12 March 2007) was a Mexican economist who served as President of the Inter-American Development Bank (1971--1988) and as Mexico's Secretary of Finance during the administrations of Adolfo López Mateos and Gustavo Díaz Ordaz (1958--1970).	Antonio Ortiz Mena	Mexico
country of citizenship	Dirk Demol (born 4 November 1959 in Kuurne, Belgium) is general manager for UCI ProTour Team RadioShack.	Dirk Demol	Belgium
country of citizenship	Fredrik Logevall was born in Stockholm, Sweden in 1963, and lived thereafter in Västerås.	Fredrik Logevall	Sweden
country of citizenship	Darryn Lyons (born 19 August 1965) is an Australian media personality, entrepreneur and politician, who rose to prominence in Australia and the United Kingdom as a paparazzo.	Darryn Lyons	Australia
country of citizenship	Crown Prince Louis Rwagasore (10 January 1932 -- 13 October 1961) is Burundi's national and independence hero.	Prince Louis Rwagasore	Burundi
country of citizenship	Horace Belshaw (9 February 1898 -- 20 March 1962) was a New Zealand teacher, economist and university professor.	Horace Belshaw	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Raffaele Sansone (20 September 1910 - 11 September 1994) was an Italo-Uruguayan football player and coach from Montevideo, Uruguay.	Raffaele Sansone	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Juraj Kadnár graduated from the Comenius University in Bratislava, Slovakia - The Faculty of Physical Education and Sports.	Juraj Kadnár	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Anne Marie Pohtamo (born 15 August 1955, Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish actress, model and beauty queen who was the second woman from Finland to capture the Miss Universe crown.	Anne Marie Pohtamo	Finland
country of citizenship	Egill Eyjólfsson (1295--1341) was the bishop of Iceland's northern diocese of Hólar from the death of his predecessor, Lárentíus Kálfsson, in 1331, until his own death in 1341.	Egill Eyjólfsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Caspar Schamberger (1 September 1623 in Leipzig, Germany -- 8 April 1706) was a German surgeon.	Caspar Schamberger	Germany
country of citizenship	Prince Imperial Heung (Hangul: 흥친왕; hanja: 興親王; RR: Heungchinwang; MR: Heungchinwang, 1845--1912) was a prince of the Joseon Dynasty and of the Korean Empire.	Prince Imperial Heung	Joseon
country of citizenship	Colonel Yahya Kanu (born in Magburaka, Tonkolili District, Sierra Leone) Kanu was a loyalist to president Joseph Saidu Momoh, and his position in the coup is unclear.	Yahya Kanu	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Tristan Clemons is an Australian field hockey goalkeeper from Western Australia.	Tristan Clemons	Australia
country of citizenship	Luciano Tovoli (born October 30, 1936 in Massa Marittima, Italy) is an Italian cinematographer, film director, and screenwriter.	Luciano Tovoli	Italy
country of citizenship	Salvador Dubois Leiva (16 August 1935 -- 11 July 2015) was a Nicaraguan footballer, who was considered one of the best goalkeepers that played for the Nicaragua national football team and Honduran powerhouse C.D. Motagua.	Salvador Dubois Leiva	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Rudolf Bahro (November 18, 1935 -- December 5, 1997) was a dissident from East Germany who, since his death, has been recognised as a philosopher, political figure and author.	Rudolf Bahro	Germany
country of citizenship	Oliver Lieb (born 1969 in Frankfurt, Germany) is a German electronic music producer and DJ. Lieb is known to have more than a dozen aliases with over 200 productions and remixes in various electronic genres such as, trance, house, and techno.	Oliver Lieb	Germany
country of citizenship	Muriel Matters was born in the inner city suburb of Bowden in Adelaide, South Australia to a large Methodist family.	Muriel Matters	Australia
country of citizenship	Albert Urfer was a pianist and chansonnier, born on 26 October 1914 in Vevey (Switzerland), died in Lausanne, on 29 October 1985.	Albert Urfer	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Dominique Moulon began his activities as an art historian of new media art and computer art by obtaining a Diplôme National Supérieur d’Expression Plastique in 1987 from the Ecole Nationale Supérieure d’Art in Bourges France.	Dominique Moulon	France
country of citizenship	Serhiy Nikolayev, also transliterated as Sergii Nikolaiev, (14 February 1972 -- 28 February 2015), a Ukrainian photojournalist for the Ukrainian daily newspaper Segodnya in Kiev, Ukraine.	Serhiy Nikolayev	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Richard John Soper (13 June 1878 -- 23 January 1954) was a Liberal National politician in the United Kingdom who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for four years between 1931 and 1935.	Richard John Soper	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	In December 2002, Teodosie Petrescu was awarded the Order of the Star of Romania in the rank of Knight by President Ion Iliescu.	Teodosie Petrescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Lucy Guerin was born in Adelaide, Australia, and began her dance education at local dance schools.	Lucy Guerin	Australia
country of citizenship	Myrna Cunningham (also known as Mirna Cunningham) is a Miskita feminist and indigenous rights activist from Nicaragua.	Myrna Cunningham	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	John Ballance (27 March 1839 -- 27 April 1893) was an Irish 14th Premier of New Zealand, at the end of the 19th century, and the founder of the Liberal Party, the country's first organised political party.	John Ballance	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Youssouf Saleh Abbas (born c. 1953) is a Chadian political figure who was Prime Minister of Chad from April 2008 to March 2010.	Youssouf Saleh Abbas	Chad
country of citizenship	A graduate of the Saint-Cyr military academy, Paul Azan served in the 2nd régiment de zouaves in colonial Algeria along the Moroccan border, prior to its conquest by France.	Paul Azan	France
country of citizenship	Luis Piedrabuena (Spanish pronunciation: (lwis pjeðɾaˈβwena); 24 August 1833 - 10 August 1883) was an Argentine sailor whose actions in southern Argentina consolidated national sovereignty at a time when these lands were virtually uninhabited and were not protected by the state.	Luis Piedrabuena	Argentina
country of citizenship	Moreira Chonguica (born 13 February 1977 in Matola, Mozambique) is an ethnomusicologist, saxophonist, songwriter and producer.	Moreira Chonguica	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Stela Popa (born August 7, 1982 in Coşcodeni) is a journalist and author from Moldova.	Stela Popa	Moldova
country of citizenship	Sunil Kumar Verma (born 28 September 1974), is an Indian biologist and as of January 2015 the principal scientist at the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology, Hyderabad, India.	Sunil Kumar Verma	India
country of citizenship	Kayode Otitoju, (born May 1955) is a Nigerian technocrat, politician and former commissioner for Information, Culture, Sports, and Social Development in Ekiti State, southwestern Nigeria.	Kayode Otitoju	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Valentin Rasputin was born on 15 March 1937 in the village of Atalanka in Irkutsk Oblast of Russia.	Valentin Rasputin	Russia
country of citizenship	Jane Dodd (born 1962) is a New Zealand musician and contemporary jeweller.	Jane Dodd	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Wim Henderickx (wɪm ˈɦɛndərɪks) (b. 1962 in Lier, Belgium) is a Flemish composer of Contemporary classical music based in Antwerp, Belgium.	Wim Henderickx	Belgium
country of citizenship	Nataliya Katser-Buchkovska (Ukrainian Наталія Кацер-Бучковська, born on March 15, 1983 in Buchach, Ternopil region, Ukraine), is a member of the ``People's Front'' political party and is part of the Ukrainian Parliament (8th convocation of the Ukrainian Verkhovna Rada).	Nataliya Katser-Buchkovska	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Wellington de Oliveira Monteiro or simply Wellington Monteiro (born September 7, 1978 in Rio de Janeiro) is a defensive midfielder player from Brazil.	Wellington Monteiro	Brazil
country of citizenship	Grant Dexter (1896--1961), was one of Canada's most influential journalists in the mid-20th century.	Grant Dexter	Canada
country of citizenship	Nicolai Hanson was born in Kristiansund in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Nicolai Hanson	Norway
country of citizenship	Massimo Cenci (born 8 June 1967) is a politician of San Marino.	Massimo Cenci	San Marino
country of citizenship	Paolo Barilla (born 20 April 1961 in Milan, Italy) is a former Formula One driver who raced for the Minardi team.	Paolo Barilla	Italy
country of citizenship	Ibikunle Amosun (born 25 January 1958) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Ogun Central district of Ogun State, Nigeria in April 2003.	Ibikunle Amosun	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Stephen Paea (/ˈpaɪ.ə/ PY-ə; born May 11, 1988) is a New Zealand American football defensive end for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL).	Stephen Paea	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fernando Oliveira De Avila (Born in Porto Alegre, Brazil, May 11, 1984) is a Brazilian footballer.	Fernando Oliveira	Brazil	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mark Corvo (born 17 June 1973 in Canberra, Australia) was an Australian rugby league player for the Canberra Raiders, Adelaide Rams and the Brisbane Broncos in the Australian National Rugby League competition.	Mark Corvo	Australia
country of citizenship	Marisa Sartika Maladewi, born June 28, 1993 in Yogyakarta, is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Puteri Indonesia 2013 1st Runner-up and represented her country at the Miss International 2013 pageant.	Marisa Sartika Maladewi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Bailey Junior Kurariki (born May 15, 1989) was convicted of the manslaughter of pizza delivery man Michael Choy in Papakura, New Zealand in September 2001.	Bailey Junior Kurariki	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Herménégilde Boulay (born March 20, 1861 in St. Donat, Canada West-May 18, 1942) was a politician, farmer, manufacturer, merchant and trader.	Herménégilde Boulay	Canada
country of citizenship	Raske Menn (lit. ``Fast Guys'') is a trio of Norwegian comedians who have gained fame in Norway for their sketches and shows.	Raske Menn	Norway
country of citizenship	Volker Lechtenbrink (born August 18, 1944 in Cranz, Germany (Ostpreußen)) is a German television actor and singer.	Volker Lechtenbrink	Germany
country of citizenship	Luiz Camargo began his career in his native Brazil with Mogi Mirim.	Luiz Camargo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sitashma Chand (Nepali: सिताश्मा चन्द; born 31 October 1983) is winner of Miss Nepal 2007 and professional model and an Nepali beauty queen.	Sitashma Chand	Nepal
country of citizenship	Ida Freund (15 April 1863 -- 15 May 1914) was the first woman to be a university chemistry lecturer in the United Kingdom.	Ida Freund	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Gustavo Valderrama (born July 31, 1977 in Zulia State) is a volleyball player from Venezuela, who won the gold medal with the men's national team at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Gustavo Valderrama	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Wiremu Hoani Taua (1862 -- 29 December 1919) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and school principal.	Wiremu Hoani Taua	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hans Herrmann (born February 23, 1928) is a former Formula One and Sports car racing driver from Stuttgart, Germany.	Hans Herrmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Ayrton Cable (born 10 January 2003 in Nové Zámky, Slovakia) is a social activist, best known for his activism on issues surrounding food and water security and his campaigns to feed the world sustainably and alleviate poverty.	Ayrton Cable	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Najoua Belyzel (born Najoua Mazouri 15 December 1981 in Nancy, France) is a French pop rock/electronic singer of Moroccan-Egyptian descent.	Najoua Belyzel	France
country of citizenship	Mir Ali Tabrizi (Persian: میرعلی تبریزی‎) also known as Mir Ali Heravi Tabrizi (Persian: میرعلی هروی تبریزی‎) (b. in Herat Afghanistan and d. in Tabriz in Iran) was a distinguished Iranian calligrapher in the 14th century, to whom the invention of Nas-Taliq calligraphy style is attributed.	Mir Ali Tabrizi	Iran
country of citizenship	Papa Noel Nedule is a soukous recording artist and guitarist in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Papa Noel Nedule	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Claudio Mele (born January 23, 1968 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentina and Chile.	Claudio Mele	Argentina
country of citizenship	Alekna Sudimantaitis (Belarusian: Алехна Судзімонтавіч, Polish: Olechno Sudymuntowicz; died in 1490/1491) was an influential Lithuanian noble of Trąby coat of arms, Grand Chancellor of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania (1478--1490) and Voivode of Vilnius (1477--1490).	Alekna Sudimantaitis	Grand Duchy of Lithuania
country of citizenship	Marisa Merlini (6 August 1923 -- 27 July 2008) was an Italian character actress active in Italy's post-World War II cinema.	Marisa Merlini	Italy
country of citizenship	Gloria Jasmine Rawlinson (1 October 1918 -- 25 July 1995) was a New Zealand poet, novelist, short-story writer and editor.	Gloria Jasmine Rawlinson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eggert Magnússon (born 20 February 1947) is an Icelandic businessman and former President of the Football Association of Iceland and ex-chairman of West Ham United.	Eggert Magnússon	Iceland
country of citizenship	Alexandros Nikolias (born 23 July 1994 in athens, Greece) is a Greek footballer, currently playing for PAS Giannina in the Greek Superleague as a left winger.	Alexandros Nikolias	Greece
country of citizenship	Shai Alexander (January 17, 1979 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian-born Australian actor.	Shai Alexander	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Amanda Mair was raised in Lidingö, Sweden, an island outside Stockholm.	Amanda Mair	Sweden
country of citizenship	Rosemund Dienye Green-Osahogulu (born 12 April, 1956) is a Vice-Chancellor of Ignatius Ajuru University of Education that is based in Rumuolumeni Port Harcourt, Rivers State in Nigeria.	Rosemund Dienye Green-Osahogulu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Colm O'Gorman (born 15 July 1966) is the Executive Director of Amnesty International in Ireland.	Colm O'Gorman	Ireland
country of citizenship	Otto Wilhelm Rudolf Caracciola (30 January 1901 -- 28 September 1959), more commonly Rudolf Caracciola (pronounced (ʁuːdɔlf kaʁaːtʃiːɔlɑ)), was a racing driver from Remagen, Germany.	Rudolf Caracciola	Germany
country of citizenship	Daniela Müller (born 10 July 1957 in Aschaffenburg, Germany) is a German theologian and church historian, who works in the Netherlands since 2007 and who holds the chair of Church History/History of Christianity and Canon Law at the Radboud University in Nijmegen.	Daniela Müller	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Col Anil Shorey is an infantry officer and a writer with more than 30 years of combat / active service in various corners of India and abroad, who served as official spokesman for the Indian army.	Anil Shorey	India
country of citizenship	Jan McLean is a dollmaker from Dunedin in New Zealand.	Jan McLean	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain is a judge of Supreme Court of Pakistan and a former Chief Justice of Lahore High Court.	Sayed Zahid Hussain	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Colonel Constantin Denis Bourbaki (Greek: Διονύσιος Βούρβαχης, Dionysios Vourvachis), (1787 -- February 8, 1827) was a Greek officer educated in France, and serving in the French military.	Constantin Denis Bourbaki	France
country of citizenship	Émilie Simon (born 1978 in Montpellier, France) is a French singer, songwriter and composer of electronic music.	Émilie Simon	France
country of citizenship	Marcel Delgado (January 16, 1901 in Coahuila, Mexico - November 26, 1976 in Los Angeles, California) was a sculptor and model-maker.	Marcel Delgado	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mosese Fotuaika (25 March 1992 -- 28 February 2013) was a New Zealand professional rugby league player for the Wests Tigers of the National Rugby League.	Mosese Fotuaika	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Olivier Janzac (born 2 January 1980), born in Toulouse, France, is a French rugby league footballer currently playing for Lezignan Sangliers in the French Elite One Championship rugby league competition.	Olivier Janzac	France
country of citizenship	Helgi Valdimarsson (born 1936), is a professor of Immunology at the University of Iceland.	Helgi Valdimarsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Filo Paulo is a New Zealand-born rugby union player.	Filo Paulo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Edgar Gabriel Morales Correa, better known under the ring name Loco Max (born March 10, 1972 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican luchador, or masked professional wrestler currently on the Mexican professional wrestling independent circuit portraying a rudo (``Bad guy'') wrestling character.	Loco Max	Mexico
country of citizenship	Victory Yendra (born September 10, 1989 in Kuantan Singingi Regency) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.	Victory Yendra	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Dr. Kálmán Györgyi (born 24 May 1939) is a Hungarian jurist, who served as Chief Prosecutor of Hungary from 1990 to 2000.	Kálmán Györgyi	Hungary
country of citizenship	Sanusha was born to Santhosh and Usha in Nileshwaram, state of Kerala, India.	Sanusha	India
country of citizenship	Irving Hale (August 28, 1861 -- July 26, 1930) was a brigadier general of the United States of America who served in the Philippines during the Spanish--	Irving Hale	United States of America
country of citizenship	Joaquín Rocha Herrera (born August 16, 1944 in Ciudad de México, Distrito Federal, Mexico) is a former Olympic heavyweight boxer.	Joaquín Rocha	Mexico
country of citizenship	Peter Land (9 July 1953) is a New Zealand actor and singer known for his Classical acting with the Royal National Theatre and the Royal Shakespeare Company as well as appearances in many musicals.	Peter Land	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peter Bartholomew (died 20 April 1099) was a soldier and mystic from France who was part of the First Crusade.	Peter Bartholomew	France
country of citizenship	Nurhayati Ali Assegaf, M.Si., M.P. (17 July 1963 in Solo) is the Chairperson of Democratic Party Faction in the People's Representative Council (lower house) of the Republic of Indonesia and Deputy Chairperson of Democratic Party for 2013 - 2015.	Nurhayati Ali Assegaf	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Santiago Bose (July 25, 1949 -- December 3, 2002, Baguio City, Philippines) was a mixed-media artist from the Philippines.	Santiago Bose	Philippines
country of citizenship	Robert Daniel Ghindeanu (born 23 September 1980, Ţuglui, Dolj, Romania) is a Romanian footballer currently under contract for Romanian first league side Pandurii Târgu Jiu.	Daniel Ghindeanu	Romania
country of citizenship	Diana Cortesina (Madrid, 1928 - Madrid, 22 May 2011) was a Spanish actress and vedette, who worked extensively in Argentina.	Diana Cortesina	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ottmar Liebert was born February 1, 1959 in Cologne, West Germany to a Chinese-German father and a Hungarian mother.	Ottmar Liebert	Germany
country of citizenship	Jang Sung-taek (pronounced (tɕaŋ sʰʌŋtʰɛk); January or February 1946 -- 12 December 2013), also romanized as Jang Song-thaek, Chang Sŏng-t'aek and other variations, was a leading figure in the government of North Korea.	Jang Sung-taek	North Korea
country of citizenship	Baljit Singh Chadha, (born 1951) is a Montreal, Canada businessman, president and founder of Balcorp Limited which he started in 1976.The company has offices in Montreal, New Delhi and Mumbai.	Baljit Singh Chadha	Canada
country of citizenship	Anders Beer Wilse (12 June 1865 -- 21 February 1949) was a Norwegian photographer whose photography visually documented Norway in the early to mid-20th century.	Anders Beer Wilse	Norway
country of citizenship	Moonga K. Kapambwe (born 3 September 1996), better known by his stage name, Moonga K., is a singer-songwriter from Zambia.	Moonga K.	Zambia
country of citizenship	Marjaana Väre (born 10 January 1967, in Helsinki) is a Paralympian athlete from Finland competing mainly in category F42-46 javelin events.	Marjaana Väre	Finland
country of citizenship	Lyall Meyer is a fast bowler for the Chevrolet Warriors cricket team in South Africa.	Lyall Meyer	South Africa
country of citizenship	Juan Evangelista Venegas (June 2, 1929 -- 1980s) was a Puerto Rican boxer notable for winning Puerto Rico's first Olympic medal.	Juan Evangelista Venegas	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Achuthanand Tanjore Ravi (born June 22, 1991 in Chennai, India) is an Indian Photographer known for his Photojournalism and Portraiture Photography.	Achuthanand Tanjore Ravi	India
country of citizenship	Harry Lester (1878 -- 1956), born Maryan Czajkowski in Poland, best known by his stage name The Great Lester, was a seminal vaudeville ventriloquist.	The Great Lester	Poland
country of citizenship	Shirley Thoms-Bystrynski (12 January 1925 -- 1 July 1999), was an Australian country music singer and pioneer of Australia's country music industry.	Shirley Thoms	Australia
country of citizenship	Daler Tukhtasunov (Tajik: Далерҷон Тухтасунов, Dalerjon Tukhtasunov, Persian: دلیرجان توختسنف‎‎; born 27 August 1986) is a Tajikistani footballer who currently plays for Regar-TadAZ , and the Tajikistan national football team.	Daler Tukhtasunov	Tajikistan
country of citizenship	Hallvard Trætteberg (1898 in Løten -- 21 November 1987 in Oslo) was the leading Norwegian heraldic artist and the expert adviser on heraldry to the Government of Norway and the Norwegian Royal Family for much of the 20th century.	Hallvard Trætteberg	Norway
country of citizenship	Øystein Rian (born 23 February 1945 in Lillehammer) is a Norwegian historian who specializes in the history of Denmark-Norway from 1536 to 1814, particularly its political, social and religious history.	Øystein Rian	Norway
country of citizenship	Carla Visi (born August 30, 1970 in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil) is a popular Brazilian axé and MPB singer, songwriter, and occasional actress and television show host.	Carla Visi	Brazil
country of citizenship	André Olbrich (born 3 May 1967, in Düsseldorf, Germany) is a German guitarist, composer and backing vocalist, most known as the co-founder and lead guitarist of power metal band Blind Guardian, in which he serves as one of the main composers with other co-founder Hansi Kürsch.	André Olbrich	Germany
country of citizenship	Ciro Capuano (born 10 August 1981 in Naples, Italy) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro club Akragas as a left back.	Ciro Capuano	Italy
country of citizenship	Jozef Kukučka (born 13 March 1957) is a retired Czechoslovakia international football player.	Jozef Kukučka	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Bruno Schmidt (born 1968 in Belgium) is a former head chef.	Bruno Schmidt	Belgium
country of citizenship	Amir Mirbozorgi (born August 27, 1986) is an Iranian footballer who played for Paykan of the Iran Pro League.	Amir Mirbozorgi	Iran
country of citizenship	The application was submitted in Rome, Italy, at the Ministry of Industry on December 13, 1984 by Massimo Ciccarello and Ruggero Lenci, and the patent n. 1196650, was released on November 16, 1988.	Ruggero Lenci	Italy
country of citizenship	Anthony McCarten (born 1961) is a New Zealand-born novelist, filmmaker and playwright.	Anthony McCarten	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sir Krishna Govinda Gupta KCSI ICS was a civil servant in British India.	Krishna Govinda Gupta	India
country of citizenship	Gjoko Hadžievski or Ǵoko Hadžievski (Macedonian: Ѓоко Хаџиевски; born 31 March 1955) is a football coach from the Republic of Macedonia.	Gjoko Hadžievski	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Christian Eminger (born October 21, 1964 in Baden, Switzerland) is a former ice speed skater from Austria.	Christian Eminger	Austria
country of citizenship	Rosarita Tawil (Arabic: روزاريتا طويل‎) is a Lebanese model, fashion designers and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Lebanon 2008.	Rosarita Tawil	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Pascal Bedrossian (born 28 November 1974 in Marseille, France) is a French-Armenian professional footballer who currently is Head Coach at Chicago Fire's Academy.	Pascal Bedrossian	France
country of citizenship	Walter Kuhn (27 September 1903 -- 5 August 1983), was a German historian and Ostforschung researcher interested in linguistics and German minorities outside Germany, particularly in the area of Ukraine.	Walter Kuhn	Germany
country of citizenship	Lou Majaw (born 1947) is a performing artist from Shillong in the North-Eastern India and is renowned for his Bob Dylan tribute shows.	Lou Majaw	India
country of citizenship	Léon Damas was born in Cayenne, French Guiana, to Ernest Damas, a mulatto of European and African descent, and Bathilde Damas, a Métisse of native American and African ancestry.	Léon Damas	French Guiana
country of citizenship	Juha Metsäperä is a Finnish pop singer and songwriter (born in Oulu, Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland in 1979).	Juha Metsäperä	Finland
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Kopriva (born in 1964 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who has played in clubs of Argentina, Chile, Ecuador, Peru and Uruguay.	Juan Carlos Kopriva	Argentina
country of citizenship	William Mein Smith (1798 -- 3 January 1869) was a key actor in the early settlement of New Zealand's capital city, Wellington.	William Mein Smith	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Some of Gaspara Stampa's poems can be read here: http://oldpoetry.com/oauthor/show/Gaspara_Stampa Stampa's works are also included in Harold Bloom's Western Canon, Italy: http://home.comcast.net/~dwtaylor1/aristocraticcanon.html Project Continua:	Gaspara Stampa	Italy
country of citizenship	Vasudha Patil (Devanagari: वसुधा पाटील) is a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Vasudha Patil	India
country of citizenship	Andrew Orsatti (born in Sydney, Australia, 23 April 1975) is the Communications Director and Spokesman for football's international players' union FIFPro.	Andrew Orsatti	Australia
country of citizenship	Ahmad Nourollahi (Persian: احمد نورالهی‎‎); is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays for an Iranian football team named Persepolis in the Iran Pro League.	Ahmad Nourollahi	Iran
country of citizenship	Mare Teichmann (born on March 1, 1954 in Tallinn, Estonia) is an Estonian psychologist and academic.	Mare Teichmann	Estonia
country of citizenship	Abdul Waheed Kakar (Urdu: عبدالوحید کاکڑ‎), NI(M), HI(M), SBt, afwc, fsc(c) (20 March 1937 --) was a four-star general of Pakistan Army who was the Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistan Army from 12 January 1993 to 12 January 1996.	Abdul Waheed Kakar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Mahavir Tyagi (1899--1980) was a prominent Indian independence fighter and famous parliamentarian from Dehra Dun, Uttar Pradesh (now in Uttarakhand) India.	Mahavir Tyagi	India
country of citizenship	Ximena Romo (Born April 14, 1990, Mexico City, Mexico), is a Mexican actress.	Ximena Romo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Frank Pierpoint Appleby (December 23, 1913 -- May 18, 2015) was a politician and Royal Air Force officer from Alberta, Canada.	Frank Pierpoint Appleby	Canada
country of citizenship	Sir Charles Cecil Stevens, KCSI (born 5 July 1840 on the island of Tahiti, son of Charles G Stevens -- died 27 March 1909, Kensington) was the lieutenant governor of the province of Bengal, representing the British Raj in India.	Charles Cecil Stevens	India
country of citizenship	B. Radhakrishnan is a Carrom player from India.	B. Radhakrishnan	India
country of citizenship	Aarif Sheikh (Nepali: आरिफ शेख्) (born 5 October 1997) is a Nepalese cricketer, who is the current vice-captain of the Nepal national under-19 cricket team.	Aarif Sheikh	Nepal
country of citizenship	Jules Lasalle (b. April 1, 1957, Saint-Michel-des-Saints, Quebec, Canada) is a sculptor living and working in Montreal.	Jules Lasalle	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in Douala, Cameroon, Steeve Gerard Fankà started his professional career in Italy.	Steeve Gerard Fankà	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Mark Duley is a choral director and organist from New Zealand.	Mark Duley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ehsan Amini (Persian: احسان امینی‎, born 27 March 1986, Eslamabad-e Gharb, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler.	Ehsan Amini	Iran
country of citizenship	The Master of Signa refers to an anonymous Italian painter active in the area of Signa, Italy in the 15th century.	Master of Signa	Italy
country of citizenship	Nomi Fernandes (1985), born and raised in Zurich, Switzerland, is nothing less than a Swiss success story.	Nomi Fernandes	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Fernando Osorio is a singer-songwriter, born in Santa Fé, Bogotá and raised in Caracas, Venezuela.	Fernando Osorio	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Val Smith (born 29 July 1965) is a lawn bowler from New Zealand.	Val Smith	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michael Rymer (born March 1963 in Melbourne, Australia) is a television and film director, best known for his work on the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica TV series, for which he directed the pilot miniseries and several episodes of the series.	Michael Rymer	Australia
country of citizenship	Héctor Suárez (born October 21, 1938 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actor and comedian.	Héctor Suárez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Naresh Kamboj was born to Chaudhry Kishori Lal Kamboj, a renowned personality, in the village of Fatehpur in then Ambala district of Haryana, India which is now a part of Yamuna Nagar.	Naresh Kamboj	India
country of citizenship	Singu Min (Burmese: စဉ့်ကူးမင်း, pronounced: (sɪ̰ɴɡú mɪ́ɴ); 10 May 1756 -- 14 February 1782) was the fourth king of the Konbaung dynasty of Myanmar.	Singu Min	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Jam Hsiao (traditional Chinese: 蕭敬騰; simplified Chinese: 萧敬腾; pinyin: Xiāo Jìngténg; Wade--Giles: Hsiao Ching-teng, born 30 March 1987 in Taipei, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer.	Jam Hsiao	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Guo Yonghuai, or Yung-huai Kuo (Chinese: 郭永怀; April 4, 1909 - December 5, 1968) was an expert in aerodynamics of China.	Guo Yonghuai	China
country of citizenship	Osman Hadžić was born in Lukavica, Yugoslavia, presently in Bosnia and Herzegovina, to Bosniak parents.	Osman Hadžić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Astrid Sverresdotter Dypvik (born October 19, 1977) is a Norwegian journalist and historian, and was the head of Norsk Målungdom, the youth branch of the Language Organisation of Norway, from 2000 to 2002.	Astrid Sverresdotter Dypvik	Norway
country of citizenship	Terence Scerri (born 3 April 1984 in Senglea, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Naxxar Lions.	Terence Scerri	Malta
country of citizenship	Atahualpa was the son of the Inca Huayna Capac from Tomebamba (Ecuador), and his mother was the Quito princess Paccha Duchicela, from Caranqui (Ecuador).	Atahualpa	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Michael McGlynn (born 1964 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish composer, producer, director and founder of Anúna.	Michael McGlynn	Ireland
country of citizenship	Saleel Kulkarni sang the Marathi Prose 'Jayostute ' on All India Radio, Pune station at the age of three.	Saleel Kulkarni	India
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Văn An (born 1 October 1937) is a former National Assembly Chairman of Vietnam.	Nguyễn Văn An	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Katherina Matousek (born as Kateřina Matoušková; April 20, 1964) is a former pair skater who competed for Canada.	Katherina Matousek	Canada
country of citizenship	Ernst Gustav Kühnert (21 January 1885 in Tallinn, Estonia - 14 September 1961 in Lübeck, Germany) was an Estonian architect and art historian of Baltic German origin.	Ernst Gustav Kühnert	Estonia
country of citizenship	Anayo Modestus Onyekwere (popularly known as Kanayo O. Kanayo, born March 1, 1962 in Mbaise, Imo State, Nigeria) is a Nigerian actor.	Kanayo O. Kanayo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ludwig Yehuda Wolpert (Yehuda Wolpert), (7 October 1900 - 6 November 1981) was an Israeli-American goldsmith and designer, born in Germany.	Ludwig Yehuda Wolpert	Germany
country of citizenship	Andre de Krayewski is best known in Poland for his movie posters, a career he began in 1965.	Andre de Krayewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Johann Ludwig (Louis) Gerard Krefft (17 February 1830 -- 19 February 1881), one of Australia's first and greatest zoologists and palaeontologists.	Gerard Krefft	Australia
country of citizenship	Pradit Sawangsri (Thai: ประดิษฐ์ สว่างศรี) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Pradit Sawangsri	Thailand
country of citizenship	Josef Waldbauer was born in Austria in a peasant family.	Josef Waldbauer	Austria
country of citizenship	Takao Okawara (大河原 孝夫, born December 20, 1949 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese film director, writer and producer.	Takao Okawara	Japan
country of citizenship	Sampha Sisay, who uses the mononymous stage name Sampha, is a British electronic music singer-songwriter and producer from Morden, South London, United Kingdom.	Sampha	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Germaine Simon (27 February 1921 -- 9 April 2012) was a Luxembourg physician and writer, remembered for her historical novel Lucilinburhuc.	Germaine Simon	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Omo n'Oba n'Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Akenzua II (1899-1978) was the Oba of Benin (traditional leader of the Edo people, in Nigeria) from 1933 until his death, in 1978.	Akenzua II	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Attila Zubor (born March 12, 1975 in Budapest) is a former freestyle swimmer from Hungary, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996.	Attila Zubor	Hungary
country of citizenship	The Edge was born in England to a Welsh family, and was raised in Ireland after the Evans family relocated there while he was still an infant.	The Edge	Ireland
country of citizenship	Maryam Firouz or Princess Maryam Farman Farmaian (1914 kermanshah, Iran -- 23 March 2008, Tehran) was a daughter of Prince Abdol Hossein Mirza Farmanfarma and Batoul Khanoum.	Maryam Farman Farmaian	Iran
country of citizenship	Nicky Samuels (born 28 February 1983) is a New Zealand professional triathlete who has won the 2013 XTERRA Triathlon World Championship and the 2012 ITU Aquathlon World Championships.	Nicky Samuels	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gurwinder Singh Chandi (born 20 October 1989 in Jalandhar, India) in an Indian professional field hockey player.	Gurwinder Singh Chandi	India
country of citizenship	Bernard Lance Cairns (born 10 October 1949 in Picton, New Zealand) is a former all-rounder who played for the New Zealand cricket team, and is the father of New Zealand cricketer Chris Cairns.	Lance Cairns	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Einar Johansen (15 August 1915 -- 16 October 1996) was a Norwegian engineer and resistance member during World War II. He is known as a member of the illegal radio group Skylark B, and after this was discontinued he set up new radio posts in Tromsø and the rest of Northern Norway.	Einar Johansen	Norway
country of citizenship	Urban Bäckström (born 25 May 1954, Sollefteå, Västernorrlands län) is a Swedish economist who was CEO of the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise from 2005 to 2014 and Governor of the Bank of Sweden from 1994 to 2002.	Urban Bäckström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Alberto Villalón Morales (Santiago de Cuba, 7 June 1882 -- Havana, 16 July 1955) was one of the greatest musicians in the Cuban trova style.	Alberto Villalón	Cuba
country of citizenship	Benjamin Fairfield (1772 -- May 9, 1842) was a shipowner, merchant and political figure in Upper Canada.	Benjamin Fairfield	Canada
country of citizenship	Per Johan Niklas Wallenlind (born 1968-11-21 in Göteborg, Västra Götaland) is a retired track and field athlete from Sweden, who competed in the men's 400 metres hurdles event.	Niklas Wallenlind	Sweden
country of citizenship	Johannes La Grouw, OBE (5 August 1913 - 20 September 2011), was a New Zealand architect, engineer, businessman, artist and philanthropist.	Johannes La Grouw	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mochizuki Chiyome is featured in many video games (mostly Japan-exclusive social games) in which she is often shown in a partial or full miko costume, including Ayakashi:	Mochizuki Chiyome	Japan
country of citizenship	Sources place the birth of Nestorius in either 381 or 386 in Germanicia in the Roman province of Syria (now Kahramanmaraş in Turkey).	Nestorius	Syria
country of citizenship	Marjory LeBreton, PC (born July 4, 1940) is a former Leader of the Government in the Canadian Senate, a position of cabinet-rank; and past national chair of Mothers Against Drunk Driving in Canada.	Marjory LeBreton	Canada
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Chestnikh (born 17 November 1974) is a former pair skater who competed internationally for Armenia and Georgia.	Aleksandr Chestnikh	Georgia
country of citizenship	Oleksandr Klyuchko (Ukrainian: Олександр Ключко) (born July 11, 1984 in Mykolaiv) is an amateur boxer from Ukraine who won a bronze medal in the lightweight division at the 2006 European Amateur Boxing Championships.	Oleksandr Klyuchko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Patsy Jorgensen (born 24 March 1943 in Wairoa, New Zealand) is a lawn bowls competitor for New Zealand.	Patsy Jorgensen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	On the revocation of the edict of Nantes in 1685 Jean Claude fled to the Netherlands where he received a pension from stadtholder William of Orange, who commissioned him to write an account of the persecuted Huguenots (Plaintes des protestants cruellement opprimés dans le royaume de France, 1686).	Jean Claude	France
country of citizenship	Mauro Cozzoli (born Bisceglie, Apulia, Italy on 3 April 1946) is an Italian Roman catholic priest, theologian and writer, chaplain of His Holiness from 17 March 1986.	Mauro Cozzoli	Italy
country of citizenship	Reinmar von Zweter (also spelled Reymar von Zwetel, Reymar von Zweten, Römer von Zwickau, Ehrenbote, born around 1200 in Zeutern, today known as Ubstadt-Weiher, Germany; died after 1248) was a Middle High German poet of Spruchdichtung.	Reinmar von Zweter	Germany
country of citizenship	Friar Juan de Arregui was bishop of Buenos Aires (1731) and Paraguay (1735).	Juan de Arregui	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Luis Fernando Bohórquez (born 1966, Bogotá, Colombia), is a Colombian actor.	Luis Fernando Bohórquez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Marta Cuervo (b. Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban guitarist and professor.	Marta Cuervo	Cuba
country of citizenship	Dakta Green, formerly Ken Morgan (born 1950, in Wellington) is a New Zealand cannabis law reform activist and political candidate.	Dakta Green	New Zealand
country of citizenship	George Turnbull Niccol (17 August 1858 -- 28 September 1940) was a New Zealand shipbuilder and ship owner.	George Turnbull Niccol	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sharad Arvind Bobde (born 24 April 1956 Nagpur) is a judge of the Supreme Court of India.	Sharad Arvind Bobde	India
country of citizenship	Jessica Iwanson, (born 21 April 1948 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a choreographer and artistic director of 'Iwanson Schule zeitgenössischer Tanz' (Academy for contemporary dance) in Munich, Germany.	Jessica Iwanson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sayyida Zahra Mostafavi Khomeini (born ~1940) is an Iranian politician, and a daughter of Ayatollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran.	Zahra Mostafavi Khomeini	Iran
country of citizenship	The President of the United States of America, in the name of Congress, takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Private Mosheim Feaster, United States Army, for extraordinary gallantry on 29 December 1890, while serving with Company E, 7th U.S. Cavalry, in action at Wounded Knee Creek, South Dakota.	Mosheim Feaster	United States of America
country of citizenship	Born in Ettumanoor, Kottayam in Kerala, India, Dennis Joseph has been a popular name in the late 80's and early nineties.	Dennis Joseph	India
country of citizenship	Sankarankutty Sandeep Warrier (born 4 April 1991 in Thrissur, Kerala, India) is an Indian first-class cricketer.	Sandeep Warrier	India
country of citizenship	Yun Byung-se (born 3 August 1953 in Seoul) is the Foreign Affairs Minister of South Korea.	Yun Byung-se	South Korea
country of citizenship	Juan José Saravia (born Mexico City, October 8, 1969) is a Mexican cinematographer.	Juan José Saravia	Mexico
country of citizenship	After the conquest in 1496, Añaterve was taken, along with six other menceyes, to Spain by Alonso Fernández de Lugo to be presented to the Catholic Monarchs.	Añaterve	Spain
country of citizenship	Jane Cannan and her husband sailed to Melbourne, Australia, where her husband was the firm's agent for four years.	Jane Cannan	Australia
country of citizenship	Jayesh Manek (born 1956 in Uganda) is an Indian fund manager.	Jayesh Manek	Uganda
country of citizenship	Born in Mirassol, Tiago Cavalcanti began his football career in Brazil.	Tiago Cavalcanti	Brazil
country of citizenship	P. Narayana Kurup (born September 5, 1934) is a Malayalam--language poet and literary critic from Kerala state, South India.	P. Narayana Kurup	India
country of citizenship	Juan Afara (born 19 August 1960) is a Paraguayan politician and Paraguay's vice president as of the April 2013 elections.	Juan Afara	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Mochtar Kusumaatmadja (born April 17, 1929) was the foreign minister of Indonesia between 1978 and 1988.	Mochtar Kusumaatmadja	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Lim Chin Siong (Chinese: 林清祥; pinyin: Lín Qīngxiáng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lîm Tshinn-siông; 28 February 1933 -- 5 February 1996) was an influential leftwing politician and trade union leader in Singapore in the 1950s and 1960s.	Lim Chin Siong	Singapore
country of citizenship	Osvaldo Francisco Canobbio Pittaluga (born February 17, 1973 in Montevideo, Uruguay), commonly known as Osvaldo Canobbio, is a retired footballer who played as a striker.	Osvaldo Canobbio	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Dev Kumar (born 6 February 1972) is a Dalit writer and dramatist from India.	Dev Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Alberto Natusch Busch (May 23, 1933, Beni, Bolivia -- November 23, 1994, Santa Cruz, Bolivia) was a Bolivian general and dictator of his country for a brief time in November 1979.	Alberto Natusch	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Jah Stitch (born Melbourne James, 27 July 1949, Kingston, Jamaica) is a reggae deejay best known for his recordings in the 1970s.	Jah Stitch	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Hans Peter Christian Hansen (29 December 1851--10 July 1910) was a New Zealand farmer, hotel-keeper and community leader.	Hans Peter Christian Hansen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ronny Schneider (pronounced (ˈʁɔniː ˈʃnaɪ̯dɐ), born on 18 March 1975), better known by his stage names Ronski Speed (ˈʁɔnskiː ˈspiːt) and Sun Decade is an electronic dance producer and DJ from Bautzen, Germany.	Ronski Speed	Germany
country of citizenship	Santiago Antúnez de Mayolo was born on January 10, 1887 in the country estate of Vista Bella, province of Aija, Peru, department of Ancash.	Santiago Antúnez de Mayolo	Peru
country of citizenship	Her fame within Australia in the 1960s was described by Thomas Keneally as such: ``Clare Dunne, she was a goddess to me.	Clare Dunne	Australia
country of citizenship	Kang Tae-sik (Korean: 강태식; born March 15, 1963 South Korea) is a former South Korean footballer who plays as a Defender.	Kang Tae-sik	South Korea
country of citizenship	Alessandro Giorgi (born 28 October 1993) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Italy.	Alessandro Giorgi	Italy
country of citizenship	Bhavabhuti (Sanskrit: भवभूति) was an 8th-century scholar of India noted for his plays and poetry, written in Sanskrit.	Bhavabhuti	India
country of citizenship	Marc Schmit (born July 13, 1985) is a Laser sailor from Luxembourg.	Marc Schmit	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	K. Suresh Kurup (born 25 May 1956) was a member of the 8th, 12th, 13th and 14th Lok Sabha of India.	K. Suresh Kurup	India
country of citizenship	Anssi Joutsenlahti is a retired clergyman of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and a member of the parliament of Finland.	Anssi Joutsenlahti	Finland
country of citizenship	Édouard Alphonse James de Rothschild (24 February 1868 -- 30 June 1949) was an aristocrat, French financier and a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family of France.	Édouard Alphonse James de Rothschild	France
country of citizenship	Murad Umakhanov (born 3 January 1977 in Khasavyurt, Dagestan, Russia) is a Russian wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.	Murad Umakhanov	Russia
country of citizenship	Julio Enrique Martínez Rivera (born 8 July 1985 in Coatepeque) is a retired Salvadoran footballer who last played for Águila and internationally for the El Salvador national team.	Julio Enrique Martínez	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Edith Hamilton was born in Dresden, Germany, to Gertrude Pond Hamilton and Montgomery Hamilton, a scholarly man of leisure; she also had three sisters, Alice, Margaret, and Norah.	Edith Hamilton	Germany
country of citizenship	Ondřej Honka (born 20 April 1986) is a footballer from the Czech Republic.	Ondřej Honka	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Morteza Poursamadi (born in Iran 1952) is a prominent Iranian cinematographer.	Morteza Poursamadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Sophia Skou (born December 1, 1975 in Copenhagen) is a former butterfly swimmer from Denmark, who twice competed in the Summer Olympics for her native country: in 1996 and 2000.	Sophia Skou	Denmark
country of citizenship	Merekotia Amohau (16 April 1898--30 December 1978) was a New Zealand singer, entertainer and composer.	Merekotia Amohau	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Louis Gallodier (ca. 1734 -- 6 June 1803) was a French ballet dancer and choreographer who spent the majority of his career in Sweden, where he was to have a great importance for the development of the ballet in Sweden as the ballet master of the Royal Swedish Ballet.	Louis Gallodier	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dr Corran McLachlan (1 April 1944 -- 9 August 2003) was a New Zealand based research scientist and entrepreneur.	Corran McLachlan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Suzy Solidor was born in 1900 in the Pie district of Saint-Servan-sur-Mer in Brittany, France, under the name of Suzanne Louise Marie Marion.	Suzy Solidor	France
country of citizenship	Randy Katana (born Randy Joubert on March 14, 1965 in Saint Martin (Netherlands Antilles)) is a popular Tribal-Tech-Trance DJ. He is also known as Phantom, Noski, Katana, and DJ Randy.	Randy Katana	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Kanya Rattanapetch (Thai: กัญญา รัตนเพชร์; rtgs: Kanya Rattanaphet, born November 2, 1989) in Thailand, is a Thai model and actress.	Kanya Rattanapetch	Thailand
country of citizenship	Bedros Hadjian (Armenian: Պետրոս Հաճեան, born January 24, 1933, Jarabulus, Syria -- died September 3, 2012, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a Buenos Aires-based Armenian writer, educator and journalist.	Bedros Hadjian	Argentina
country of citizenship	Zar Lawrence (b. 9 February 1982. Kaitaia, New Zealand) is a New Zealand Rugby union player who plays for the New Zealand Sevens team internationally, and for Bay of Plenty in the ITM Cup.	Zar Lawrence	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Petar Meseldžija (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Меселџија, born in 1965 in Novi Sad, Serbia) is a fantasy and comic book artist and illustrator.	Petar Meseldžija	Serbia
country of citizenship	Filippos Darlas (Greek: Φίλιππος Δάρλας) (born 23 October 1983 in Kenourgio, Greece) is a Greek footballer who plays for Kissamikos F.C.	Filippos Darlas	Greece
country of citizenship	John Karslake Karslake (died 21 June 1872) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand.	John Karslake Karslake	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Guy Bonnet is an author, composer, and singer, born in Avignon, France in 1945.	Guy Bonnet	France
country of citizenship	José Lázaro Vázquez Xene (born 1968 in Nueva Gerona, Isla de la Juventud, Cuba) is a Cuban artist specializing in ceramics and drawing.	José Lázaro Vázquez Xene	Cuba
country of citizenship	Svetozar Đanić (April 1, 1917 -- June 18, 1941) was a Serbian footballer who played for the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and Independent State of Croatia national teams.	Svetozar Đanić	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Thomas Miller Bell (January 11, 1923 in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada -- November 12, 1996) was a Canadian politician, lawyer and barrister.	Thomas Miller Bell	Canada
country of citizenship	Hori Ahipene is an actor and director in theatre, film and television in New Zealand.	Hori Ahipene	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Margareta Elisabeth Roos or Anna Stina Roos (1696--1772) was a Swedish-Estonian woman and a crossdresser who served as a soldier in the Swedish army of Charles XII of Sweden during the Great Northern War.	Margareta Elisabeth Roos	Sweden
country of citizenship	Tony Sheldon (born 12 September 1955, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia) is an Australian actor/singer best known for his work in theatre; he is also a writer.	Tony Sheldon	Australia
country of citizenship	Duško Tadić (born 1 October 1955, Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian Serb politician, former SDS leader in Kozarac and a former member of the paramilitary forces supporting the attack on the district of Prijedor.	Duško Tadić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Phway Phway (Burmese: ဖွေးဖွေး, pronounced: (pʰwé pʰwé); born 9 August 1988) is an actress and model in Myanmar.	Phway Phway	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Greg Boyed is a New Zealand television presenter.	Greg Boyed	New Zealand
country of citizenship	From 1990 to 1991, Bedřich Moldan was the first Minister of Environment of the Czech Republic, then part of Czechoslovakia.	Bedřich Moldan	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Jørgen Haagen Schmith (December 18, 1910 -- October 15, 1944), better known under the codename Citronen (Danish for the Lemon), was a renowned fighter in the Danish resistance movement during the German Occupation of Denmark of 1940-45.	Jørgen Haagen Schmith	Denmark
country of citizenship	Fernando Navarro Morán (born 18 April 1989 in Mexico City) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays as a defender for Mexican Club Leon in the Liga MX.	Fernando Navarro Morán	Mexico
country of citizenship	Tapani Rinne, one of the best-known and respected contemporary jazz musicians and composers in Finland, studied music at the prestigious Sibelius Academy between 1981 and 1986.	Tapani Rinne	Finland
country of citizenship	William Henry Hutchins (1843 -- May 19, 1898) was a grain merchant and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	William Henry Hutchins	Canada
country of citizenship	Darin Zanyar (born 2 June 1987), better known simply as Darin, is a Swedish pop singer and songwriter of Kurdish descent and one of Sweden's best-selling artists, with numerous chart topping songs and music albums.	Darin Zanyar	Sweden
country of citizenship	Janez Marič (born August 10, 1975 in Ribno, Slovenia) is a Slovenian former biathlete.	Janez Marič	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Miloš Miljanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Миљанић) (born 1960 in Belgrade, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian former football player.	Miloš Miljanić	Serbia
country of citizenship	George Leslie Lee (1814 -- 15 September 1897) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 24 July 1862 to 8 November 1870, when he resigned.	George Leslie Lee	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Elise Blumann (16 January 1897 Parchim, Germany -- 29 January 1990, Nedlands, Western Australia) was a German born artist who achieved recognition as an Australian Expressionist painter.	Elise Blumann	Australia
country of citizenship	Matsudaira Teru (松平 照), or Teruhime (照姫, literally translated, Princess Teru), (December 13, 1832 − February 28, 1884) was an aristocrat in Japan during the late Edo and early Meiji periods.	Matsudaira Teru	Japan
country of citizenship	Enes Erkan (born 10 May 1987 in Adapazarı, Turkey) is a World and European champion Turkish karateka competing in the kumite +84 kg division.	Enes Erkan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Alfonso Antonio Vicente Eduardo Angel Blas Francisco de Borja Cabeza de Vaca y Leighton, Marquis of Portago, best known as Alfonso de Portago (11 October 1928 -- 12 May 1957) was a racing driver from Spain.	Alfonso de Portago	Spain
country of citizenship	Rajan Pillai was born in Kerala, India in 1947, the son of a trader in cashews.	Rajan Pillai	India
country of citizenship	In Azerbaijan, Huseyn Seyidzadeh is renowned for creating popular films such as Dali Kur (``The Mad Kura'', 1969), Gayinana (``Mother-in-law'', 1978), etc.	Huseyn Seyidzadeh	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Marina Golbahari (born 1988 or March 1990 in Kabul, Afghanistan) is an Afghan actress who earned international fame for her role as the title character in the 2003 film Osama, playing a girl who had to dress and act as a boy to support her family during the Taliban years.	Marina Golbahari	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Tanya Aparicio is a pianist from Panama; known for having won several contests in her country.	Tanya Aparicio	Panama
country of citizenship	Bonincontro Morigia (fl. 14th century) was an historical writer from Monza in northern Italy.	Bonincontro Morigia	Italy
country of citizenship	Selfixhe Ciu (married name Selfixhe Broja, pen name Kolombja, born in Gjirokastër in 1918, died in Tirana in 2003) was an Albanian writer and the first Albanian woman writer to ever publish literature in Albania.	Selfixhe Ciu	Albania
country of citizenship	Rainer Ernst (born 31 December 1961 in Neustrelitz) is a former German footballer who amassed 56 caps for East Germany.	Rainer Ernst	East Germany
country of citizenship	Ricardo Mella Cea (1861--1925) was one of the first writers, intellectuals and anarchist activists of the late 19th and early 20th centuries in Spain.	Ricardo Mella	Spain
country of citizenship	Arne Tumyr (born 6 March 1933) is a Norwegian former journalist, newspaper editor and politician, and current leader of the organization Stop Islamisation of Norway.	Arne Tumyr	Norway
country of citizenship	Hans Langsted Christie is best known for serving in the Parliament of Norway as a deputy representative during the term 1880--1882, representing the constituency Bergen.	Hans Langsted Christie	Norway
country of citizenship	Marek Zúbek (born 5 August 1975, Czechoslovakia) is a footballer who represented the Czech Republic.	Marek Zúbek	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Jeroen van der Boom (born 22 June 1972 in Nijmegen, The Netherlands) is a Dutch singer who rose to fame in 2007 with his #1 hit single Jij bent zo.	Jeroen van der Boom	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Keim (born December 1, 1934 in Oberhausen, Germany) is a German chemist and Professor Emeritus for Technical Chemistry and former director of the Institute for Technical and Petrol Chemistry at RWTH Aachen in Germany.	Wilhelm Keim	Germany
country of citizenship	Robert Nouzaret, born 29 September 1943, in Marseille, France, is a former football player and manager.	Robert Nouzaret	France
country of citizenship	Mohamed Abdoulwahab (also spelled Abdouloihabi) (born 31 December 1959) has been president of the autonomous island of Grande Comore in the Comoros since 30 June 2007.	Mohamed Abdoulwahab	Comoros
country of citizenship	Gabi Rosendoren was an Israeli footballer who played for the national team of Israel and also played in the local top division for 12 seasons with Hapoel Petah Tikva, Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Yehud.	Gabi Rosendoren	Israel
country of citizenship	Charlie Herekotukutuku (born in New Zealand), is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the Balmain Ryde Eastwood Tigers in the New South Wales Cup and the Mount Pritchard Mounties in the Bundaberg Red Cup.	Charlie Herekotukutuku	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Amitzur Shapira was born in Israel and was a resident in Herzliya.	Amitzur Shapira	Israel
country of citizenship	Heinrich Kirchweger was born on 12 June 1809 in Stettin, then part of Germany, now Szczecin in Poland.	Heinrich Kirchweger	Germany
country of citizenship	Rachel Legrain-Trapani (born 31 August 1988) is French beauty pageant titleholder who was chosen as Miss France in 2007.	Rachel Legrain-Trapani	France
country of citizenship	Ania Said Chaurembo (born April 3, 1954) is a former member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.	Ania Said Chaurembo	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Ener Julio Julio (born October 14, 1973) is a former boxer from El Retén, Magdalena, Colombia, and a former WBO world junior welterweight champion.	Ener Julio	Colombia
country of citizenship	Sefer Turan (born 1962 Afşin, Kahramanmaras, Turkey) is a Turkish journalist and author.	Sefer Turan	Turkey
country of citizenship	General Francisco de la Lastra y de la Sotta (October 4, 1777 -- May 13, 1852) was a Chilean military officer and the first Supreme Director of Chile (1814).	Francisco de la Lastra	Chile
country of citizenship	Loris Facci (born August 13, 1983 in Torino) is a breaststroke swimmer from Italy, who won the bronze medal in the men's 200 metres breaststroke event at the 2007 World Championships.	Loris Facci	Italy
country of citizenship	Ronald Florijn (born 21 April 1961) is a former rower from the Netherlands and two-time Olympic gold medallist.	Ronald Florijn	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sebastian Wikström (born December 20, 1988) is a Swedish swimmer from Borlänge, representing Upsala SS. Both his parents (Per Wikström and Eva Lundahl) and his brother Christoffer Wikström have represented Sweden.	Sebastian Wikström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Quirino Gasparini (1721 -- 20 September 1778) was an Italian composer, born in Gandino, near Bergamo, Italy.	Quirino Gasparini	Italy
country of citizenship	Enrique Granados Campiña was born in Lleida, Spain, the son of Calixto Granados, a Spanish army captain, and Enriqueta Campiña.	Enrique Granados	Spain
country of citizenship	In 2014 Emma Hack launched the Emma Hack Art Prize, offering a new $5000 acquisitive prize and exhibition opportunity to artists based in South Australia.	Emma Hack	Australia
country of citizenship	In 1922, Patrick Kilvington was born in the United Kingdom, and he came to Australia in the year of 1950.	Patrick Kilvington	Australia
country of citizenship	Returning to Russia, Elena Korikova received an offer from Mr. Volchek joined the troupe of the theater ``Sovremennik'' anand from 2001 to 2004 worked in the ``Sovremennik''.	Elena Korikova	Russia
country of citizenship	Aleksa Šantić is a village in Serbia named after this poet.	Aleksa Šantić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Major General Samuel Turyagyenda, is a Uganda police officer, professional pilot and army officer.	Samuel Turyagyenda	Uganda
country of citizenship	Anja Lauvdal (born 1987, in Flekkefjord, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (piano and keyboards) and composer known from several new Norwegian bands and recordings.	Anja Lauvdal	Norway
country of citizenship	Anastasia Acosta (born Anastasia Magdalena Acosta Loría on April 24, 1975 in San José, Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican-born Mexican actress and model.	Anastasia Acosta	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Jacqueline Börner (later Schubert, born 30 March 1965 in Wismar, East Germany) is a former speed skater.	Jacqueline Börner	East Germany
country of citizenship	Henry O'Leary (May 13, 1832 -- November 7, 1897) was an Irish-born businessman and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	Henry O'Leary	Canada
country of citizenship	Major General Paolo Gerometta was born in Venice on September 7, 1955 and his origins are from Anduins, a small village in the Val D’Arzino (Pordenone - Italy).	Paolo Gerometta	Italy
country of citizenship	Javier Jattin (April 24, 1983, Barranquilla, Colombia), is a Colombian actor and model.	Javier Jattin	Colombia
country of citizenship	Mickaël Le Bihan (born May 16, 1990 in Plomeur, France) is a French striker currently playing for Ligue 1 team OGC Nice.	Mickaël Le Bihan	France
country of citizenship	Adjetey Anang studied at Labone High School and proceeded to the University of Ghana, where he studied Fine Arts.	Adjetey Anang	Ghana
country of citizenship	Jahan Loh (Chinese: 羅傑瀚; born 1976) is a contemporary artist based in Singapore.	Jahan Loh	Singapore
country of citizenship	Jimmy Briffa (born 23 September 1948 in Malta) was a professional footballer and manager.	Jimmy Briffa	Malta
country of citizenship	Gilles Sunu (born 30 March 1991) is a French professional footballer who plays in France for Angers as a striker.	Gilles Sunu	France
country of citizenship	Guðrún P. Helgadóttir (April 19, 1922 - July 5, 2006) was an Icelandic writer, poet, scholar and educator and is widely recognized in Iceland.	Guðrún P. Helgadóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Shinsui Itō (Japanese: 伊東 深水; 4 February 1898 -- 8 May 1972), was the pseudonym of a Nihonga painter and ukiyo-e woodblock print artist in Taishō and Shōwa period Japan.	Shinsui Itō	Japan
country of citizenship	Since August 2013, Tim Frey leads the public affairs division of the public relations firm Burson-Marsteller Switzerland.	Tim Frey	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Shae Lillywhite (born 19 January 1985) is an infielder with the Australia women's national baseball team and has competed at the 2004 Women's Baseball World Cup and 2006 Women's Baseball World Cup.	Shae Lillywhite	Australia
country of citizenship	Lollie Alexi Devereaux (born October 31, 1981) is a Vancouver, British Columbia-based French actress, opera singer, dancer and writer best known for her work with L'Opéra de la Bastille (Bastille Opera) (Paris, France) and Royal Opera House (London, England).	Lollie Alexi Devereaux	France
country of citizenship	Delhi P. Sunder Rajan is a violinist-vocalist of India performing South Indian Classical music (Carnatic music) .	Delhi P. Sunder Rajan	India
country of citizenship	Jan van Schaffelaar (c. 1445 -- 1482) was a cavalry officer in the duchy of Guelders (or Gelre), the Netherlands.	Jan van Schaffelaar	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Produced in Frankfurt, Germany for the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis, August Gaul's bronze eagle features hundreds of hand-forged bronze feathers and was the centerpiece of one of the many German exhibits at the fair.	August Gaul	Germany
country of citizenship	Patrick Santer (born 16 August 1970 in Luxembourg City) is a Luxembourgish lawyer and politician for the Christian Social People's Party (CSV).	Patrick Santer	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Jason Stutter is a New Zealand-based motion picture, television and commercial director.	Jason Stutter	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Leon Francis Phillips (born 1935) is a New Zealand physical chemist specialising in the gas-liquid interface and atmospheric chemistry.	Leon Francis Phillips	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Artie Shead is a New Zealand born French rugby league player for the Pia Donkeys in the Elite One Championship he was previously with the Villeneuve Leopards.	Artie Shead	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Philip Sayce is a Welsh guitarist, singer and songwriter, now residing in Canada.	Philip Sayce	Canada
country of citizenship	Bel Schenk (born 1975 in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian poet resident in Melbourne.	Bel Schenk	Australia
country of citizenship	Amar Lal is the Prime Minister of Pakistan's advisor to minority affairs in the country.	Amar Lal	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Tomislav Havojić (Croatian pronunciation: (ˈtɔmislaʋ ˈhaʋɔiːtɕ); born 10 March 1989 in Zagreb, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian professional footballer, currently playing for Ferencváros in the OTP Bank Liga.	Tomislav Havojić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Luis García Meza Tejada (born August 8, 1929, La Paz, Bolivia) is a former Bolivian dictator.	Luis García Meza Tejada	Bolivia
country of citizenship	George Prideaux Robert Harris (1775--1810) was the deputy surveyor in the early days of Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania), Australia, from settlement in 1803 until his death in Hobart Town in 1810.	George Prideaux Robert Harris	Australia
country of citizenship	Michael Moldaver (born December 23, 1947) is a Canadian judge on the Supreme Court of Canada.	Michael Moldaver	Canada
country of citizenship	Melissa Ann Tan, Miss Malaysia Universe 2006.	Melissa Ann Tan	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Tinnapob Srisathit (Thai: ติณภพ ศรีสถิตย์) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Tinnapob Srisathit	Thailand
country of citizenship	Albin Killat (born January 1, 1961 in Munich, Bayern) is a retired diver from Germany, who is best known for twice winning the gold medal in the men's 3m springboard event at the European Championships (1987 and 1991).	Albin Killat	Germany
country of citizenship	For one year, Ion Moraru was imprisoned in the same camp at Ekibastuz with Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn Ion Moraru is well known anti-communist in Bessarabia; he is a member of the Christian-Democratic People's Party (Moldova).	Ion Moraru	Moldova
country of citizenship	Eleuterio Francesco Fortino died at the Tor Vergata hospital in Rome, Italy, on September 22, 2010, at the age of 72.	Eleuterio Francesco Fortino	Italy
country of citizenship	Liam Ball (May 17, 1951 -- 1984) was an Irish Olympic swimmer at both the 1968 Mexico City and 1972 Munich Olympic Summer Games, competing for Ireland in the Men's 100 metres Breaststroke and Men's 200 metres Breaststroke at each.	Liam Ball	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mirza Aslam Beg, (Urdu: مرزا اسلم بیگ; born 2 August 1931), is a retired four-star general of the Pakistan Army, who served as its Chief of Army Staff from 1988 until his retirement in 1991.	Mirza Aslam Beg	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Victor van der Chijs (born in Ede, Netherlands, 1960) is a Dutch entrepreneur.	Victor van der Chijs	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mario Ruiz Armengol (known as ``Mayito'' or ``Mister Harmony'') (March 14, 1914 or 1911 Veracruz, Mexico, -- December 22, 2002 Cancun, Mexico), was a Mexican pianist, composer, arranger, conductor and music teacher.	Mario Ruiz Armengol	Mexico
country of citizenship	Antonio González Orozco (born May 10, 1933 in Chihuahua, Mexico) is a Mexican muralist.	Antonio González Orozco	Mexico
country of citizenship	Juraj Červenák was born on June 16, 1974 in Žiar nad Hronom, Slovakia, but spent most of his life in the town of Banská Štiavnica.	Juraj Červenák	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Also, in August 2005, in St Petersburg, Russia, ``AZiYa'' in collaboration with Sergey Khodov's Publishing house, published The Book of Four that consists of Marina Gershenovich's poems as well as poems by three other authors - Arkady Surov, Mikhail Basin and Pavel Shkarin.	Marina Gershenovich	Russia
country of citizenship	Yeo Cheow Tong (Chinese: 姚照东; pinyin: Yáo Zhàodōng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Iâu Chiàu-tong; born 22 June 1947) is a former politician from Singapore.	Yeo Cheow Tong	Singapore
country of citizenship	Algimantas Sakalauskas (September 22, 1958 in Dailučiai, Lithuania) is a folk artist and wood sculptor.	Algimantas Sakalauskas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Vahan Minakhoryan (Armenian: Վահան Մինախորյան) (born 1884 - died 1946) was an important politician of the early 20th century in Armenia.	Vahan Minakhoryan	Armenia
country of citizenship	William Brooks Close (6 May 1853 -- 25 September 1923) was the founder of Close Brothers Group, one of the United Kingdom's oldest merchant banks.	William Brooks Close	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Deniz Kandiyoti (born 15 March 1944), is an author and an academic of research in the fields of gender relations and developmental politics in the Middle East, specifically Turkey.	Deniz Kandiyoti	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ulla-Britt Söderlund (August 12, 1943 -- July 21, 1985) was a Swedish costume designer who designed the costumes for some twenty films in Sweden, Denmark, and England.	Ulla-Britt Söderlund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Natalie Lowe (born 15 August 1980), is a professional dancer from Sydney, Australia who has ballroom dancing expertise.	Natalie Lowe	Australia
country of citizenship	Mishal Raheja, born in Mumbai, India, is an Indian television actor.	Mishal Raheja	India
country of citizenship	Beautiful Nubia and the Roots Renaissance Band is Nigeria's foremost contemporary folk and roots music group.	Beautiful Nubia	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Eemil Halonen (21 May 1875, Lapinlahti -- 5 November 1950) was one of Finland's most productive sculptors.	Eemil Halonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Friedrich von Payer (12 June 1847 -- 14 July 1931) was a German lawyer, liberal politician and vice-chancellor of Germany during the last year of World War I. He was born in Tübingen and was educated at the seminary at Blaubeuren, returning to his home town to study law in 1865.	Friedrich von Payer	Germany
country of citizenship	Anweshaa (born Anweshaa Dattagupta; 15 December 1993, Changed Her Name to Anwesshaa ) is an Indian singer who made her presence felt in the Indian music scene at the age of 13 through the reality show Amul STAR Voice of India, Chhote Ustaad.	Anweshaa	India
country of citizenship	José Eduardo Agualusa (Alves da Cunha) (born December 13, 1960, in Huambo, Angola--then called Nova Lisboa, Overseas Province of Angola) is an Angolan journalist and writer.	José Eduardo Agualusa	Angola
country of citizenship	Ciriaco de Jesús Alas (April 7, 1866 in Santa Tecla, El Salvador, - 1952 in Sonsonate) was a Salvadoran musician and composer.	Ciriaco de Jesús Alas	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Christian Frederik von Schalburg was born in Zmeinogorsk, Tomskaja Gubernija Russian Empire (now Altai Krai, Russia) as the oldest of three children to August Theodor Schalburg and wife Helene Schalburg.	Christian Frederik von Schalburg	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Achmad Kurniawan (born in Jakarta, October 31, 1979) is an Indonesian footballer, currently plays for Arema Cronus in the Indonesia Super League as a goal keeper.	Achmad Kurniawan	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Loten Namling is a noted Indian-born singer, musician artist, entertainer and cartoonist currently living in Switzerland.	Loten Namling	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jukka Lanki (born 11 June 1971) is a Finnish ski-orienteering competitor who has represented Finland internationally from 1996.	Jukka Lanki	Finland
country of citizenship	Franck Dumoulin (born May 13, 1973 in Denain) is a pistol shooter from Bordeaux, France.	Franck Dumoulin	France
country of citizenship	Giorgio Giacomelli (born 25 January 1930, Milan) is an Italian diplomat who represented Italy as ambassador to Somalia and Syria and was UNRWA's Commissioner-General from 1985 to 1991.	Giorgio Giacomelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Hero Schomerus was probably born in Amsterdam, the Netherlands to Johann Gerhard Schomerus and Johanna van Laar.	Hero Schomerus	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hanna Pettersson (born 10 November 1987) is a Swedish football striker currently playing for Piteå IF in Sweden's Damallsvenskan.	Hanna Pettersson	Sweden
country of citizenship	In 1964, Pierre Salviac joins the ORTF then France Inter radio and covers events such as the mission Apollo 13 (1970), the incident of Bloody Sunday (1972), the Soweto riots (1976).	Pierre Salviac	France
country of citizenship	Lorenzo Villoresi (born 1956) is a perfumer in Florence, Italy.	Lorenzo Villoresi	Italy
country of citizenship	In the election two MPs in the national lists were given to the DUNF, and that was the time buoyant young Ravi Karunanayake received his ticket to enter the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Ravi Karunanayake	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Nordahl Grieg was never a member of the Communist Party of Norway, after agreement with the party, to serve the Communist idea.	Nordahl Grieg	Norway
country of citizenship	Arne Birkenstock was born in Huettental, Germany and was raised in Cologne, Germany.	Arne Birkenstock	Germany
country of citizenship	Marcel van Eeden (born 22 November 1965, in The Hague, Netherlands) is a Dutch draftsman and painter.	Marcel van Eeden	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Moses Arita (born 30 November 1991 in Nakuru) is a Kenyan footballer who currently plays for Ushuru in the Kenyan Premier League and the Kenya national team as a striker.	Moses Arita	Kenya
country of citizenship	Ne Kunda Nlaba (born 1982 in Kinshasa in Democratic Republic of the Congo) is a Congolese Film Producer, Director, Screenwriter, Actor, and Political scientist.	Ne Kunda Nlaba	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Hafiz Osman (born 15 February 1984) is a professional footballer who plays for Tanjong Pagar United in the S.League and the Singapore national football team.	Hafiz Osman	Singapore
country of citizenship	Josef Jakob (sometimes spelled Iosif Iacob; born 11 September 1939, Carani, Romania) is a Romanian-born former handball player and coach, who as a player won the World Championship and the EHF Champions League.	Josef Jakob	Romania
country of citizenship	Walter Behrens (born in Argentina) is a former football Goalkeeper.	Walter Behrens	Argentina
country of citizenship	Sani Yakubu Rodi (b. 1975 or 1981, according to conflicting reports) was the first prisoner to be executed under state-level Sharia law in Nigeria.	Sani Yakubu Rodi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jason Gunn (born 26 December 1968) is a New Zealand television host.	Jason Gunn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mark Donnelly (born February 29, 1960) is a Canadian singer famous for singing the national anthem ``O Canada'' at the National Hockey League's Vancouver Canucks home games.	Mark Donnelly	Canada
country of citizenship	Leah Miller (born July 20, 1981) is a former MuchMusic VJ from Toronto, and a former host of the now defunct show So You Think You Can Dance Canada.	Leah Miller	Canada
country of citizenship	Seamus Kennedy (born in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish singer, comedian and writer.	Seamus Kennedy	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mercedes Lambre was born on October 5, 1992 in La Plata, Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, where she trained in acting, singing and dancing.	Mercedes Lambre	Argentina
country of citizenship	Heinrich Dollwetzel ( 30 March 1912 -- 23 April 1966) was a Major general in East Germany's National People's Army.	Heinrich Dollwetzel	Germany
country of citizenship	Robyn Lawley (born 13 June 1989) is an Australian model from the western suburbs of Sydney, Australia.	Robyn Lawley	Australia
country of citizenship	Hermann Arndt (later Zvi Aharoni) was born in Frankfurt (Oder), Germany.	Zvi Aharoni	Germany
country of citizenship	Julio César Meza (born in Cartagena de indias, Colombia in 1983) also known as Julio Meza is a Colombian singer.	Julio César Meza	Colombia
country of citizenship	Xu Shaoshi (Chinese: 徐绍史; born October 1951) is the Chairman of the National Development and Reform Commission of the People's Republic of China.	Xu Shaoshi	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Yvon Neptune (born November 8, 1946 in Cavaillon, Haiti) was Prime Minister of Haïti from 2002 to 2004.	Yvon Neptune	Haiti
country of citizenship	Emelie Forsberg grew up in the small village Noraström in Kramfors Municipality, some 40 km north of Härnösand on Sweden's High Coast.	Emelie Forsberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jesús Aguilarte (c. 1959 -- 2 April 2012) was the Governor of Apure State in Venezuela from 1999 to 2000, and from 2004 to 2011.	Jesús Aguilarte	Venezuela
country of citizenship	League of Arab States, Arab Information Center, 1974 A Jewish child in Czarist Russia Moshe Menuhin describes life in a Jewish ghetto of Czarist Russia.	Moshe Menuhin	Russia
country of citizenship	Jaroslav Plašil (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaroslaf ˈplaʃɪl); born 5 January 1982) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for Girondins de Bordeaux in Ligue 1 and the Czech Republic national football team.	Jaroslav Plašil	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Babafemi Ojudu (born 27 March 1961) is a Nigerian journalist who was elected Senator for the Ekiti Central constituency of Ekiti State, Nigeria, in the April 2011 national elections.	Babafemi Ojudu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Orranut Klomdee (Thai: อรนุช กล่อมดี; born June 1, 1980) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Thailand.	Orranut Klomdee	Thailand
country of citizenship	Lee Rhiannon was born Lee Brown, the daughter of Bill and Freda Brown, who were long-term members of the Communist Party of Australia (CPA) and later the Soviet-aligned Socialist Party of Australia (SPA).	Lee Rhiannon	Australia
country of citizenship	John Crewes (15 July 1847 -- 29 December 1925) was a New Zealand bible Christian minister, social worker and journalist.	John Crewes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Of Deva Raya I, the Italian traveler Nicolo Conti, who visited Vijayanagara in c.1420, described thus: ``In this city, there are 90,000 men fit to bear arms...there king is more powerful than all the kings of India''.	Deva Raya	India
country of citizenship	Sukhi Ghuman (born 23 November 1977) is a British Asian entrepreneur in the United Kingdom.	Sukhi Ghuman	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Tahir Yahya (1916−1986) (Arabic: طاهر يحيى‎) was Prime Minister of Iraq twice, from 1963 to 1965 and a short term in 1967-1968.	Tahir Yahya	Iraq
country of citizenship	Lavonne Idlette (born October 31, 1985 in Miami, United States) is a US-born hurdler competing internationally for the Dominican Republic.	Lavonne Idlette	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Cynthia Alexander is a guitarist and singer-songwriter originally from the Philippines.	Cynthia Alexander	Philippines
country of citizenship	Abdul Naza Alhassan (born 17 June 1990 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian football player who played for Ghana Premier League side Kessben F.C..	Abdul Naza Alhassan	Ghana
country of citizenship	Frank Karlitschek (born 25 July 1973 in Reutlingen, West Germany) is a German open source software developer.	Frank Karlitschek	Germany
country of citizenship	Moslem Bahadori (Persian: مسلم بهادری‎‎) (born 1927 in Tonekabon, Iran) is a contemporary Iranian medical scientist, distinguished pathologist and a university lecturer.	Moslem Bahadori	Iran
country of citizenship	Andrew Robert McLennan was a business man and politician from Alberta, Canada.	Andrew Robert McLennan	Canada
country of citizenship	Chukwudi Iwuji (born 1975, Nigeria), usually shortened to Chuk Iwuji or Chuck Iwuji, is a Nigerian-born actor, active in the United Kingdom.	Chuk Iwuji	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Eiraliz Bermudez (born September 6, 1983 in Tondo, Manila, Philippines), better known as Aira Bermudez, is a Filipina dancer and actress.	Aira Bermudez	Philippines
country of citizenship	Pancho Campo (born Francisco Armando Campo Carrasco, September 13, 1961, in Santiago, Chile) is a Spanish event organiser, and was from 2008 until May 2012 accredited with the title of Master of Wine.	Pancho Campo	Chile
country of citizenship	Driss Moussaid (born March 29, 1988) is a boxer from Morocco who won Bronze at the World Junior Championships 2006 and qualified for the Olympics 2008 at junior welter.	Driss Moussaid	Morocco
country of citizenship	Sergiu Celac (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈserd͡ʒju t͡ʃelak); born May 26, 1939) was the first post-communist Romanian Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania (December 26, 1989 - June 28, 1990) within the Romanian Provisional Government in the aftermath of the Romanian Revolution of 1989.	Sergiu Celac	Romania
country of citizenship	Bismillah Khan Mohammadi (Persian: بسم‌الله خان محمدی; born 1961 in Panjshir Province), or Bismillah Khan, is the current Defense Minister of Afghanistan.	Bismillah Khan Mohammadi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Nicolle Dickson was born on 29 January 1969 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia and grew up in the suburb of Paddington, and Paddington with her family.	Nicolle Dickson	Australia
country of citizenship	Chamin Correa, is a Latin-American guitarist from Mexico.	Chamin Correa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jimmy Van M was born in Belgium, but moved to Orlando, Florida in the United States at age 10.	Jimmy Van M	Belgium
country of citizenship	Carmen Larrabeiti Urquiza (2 June 1904 -- June 1968) was a stage and screen actress from the Basque region in Spain.	Carmen Larrabeiti	Spain
country of citizenship	Shivnath Mishra was born in 1943 in Benares, United Provinces, British India into a family of professional musicians stretching back to the 15th century.	Shivnath Mishra	India
country of citizenship	Philip Waruinge (born February 3, 1945 in Murang'a, Central) is a retired boxer from Kenya, who competed in the featherweight division (-- 57 kg) during his career as an amateur.	Philip Waruinge	Kenya
country of citizenship	Lee Sung-hyun first came to prominence by winning the KMAA Korean Welterweight Championship and debuted in K-1 on March 20, 2009, beating Kim Tae-hwan by unanimous decision at K-1 Award & MAX Korea 2009 in Seoul, South Korea.	Lee Sung-hyun	South Korea
country of citizenship	Joen Danielsen Known as Kvívíks-Jógvan (Jógvan of Kvívík), (11 June 1843, Kvívík, Faroe Islands -- 2 May 1926).	Joen Danielsen	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Algirdas Kaušpėdas (born August 12, 1953, in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian rock musician, the leader of Lithuanian rock group Antis, an architect and one of the Sąjūdis initiators.	Algirdas Kaušpėdas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Dr Patricia Rashbrook (born 1944), also known as Patti Farrant, is the oldest woman to give birth in the United Kingdom.	Patricia Rashbrook	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Edwin Brienen (born June 15, 1971 in Alkmaar, Netherlands) is a Dutch film director, actor, producer, journalist and radio moderator.	Edwin Brienen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Pianist Zeynep Üçbaşaran was born in Istanbul, Turkey.	Zeynep Üçbaşaran	Turkey
country of citizenship	Hannah Craig (born February 10, 1983 in Ballymoney, Northern Ireland) is an Irish slalom canoer.	Hannah Craig	Ireland
country of citizenship	Clara (Cuqui) Nicola (b. Havana, Cuba 1926) is a prominent Cuban guitarist and professor.	Clara (Cuqui) Nicola	Cuba
country of citizenship	Albert Rose-Innes (16 February 1868 in Port Elizabeth, South Africa -- 22 November 1946 in East London, South Africa), was a South African cricketer.	Albert Rose-Innes	South Africa
country of citizenship	Lucia Basson (born 20 March 1953 in Karasburg, ǁKaras Region) is a Namibian politician who has been the Governor of the ǁKaras Region of Namibia since April 2015.	Lucia Basson	Namibia
country of citizenship	Guillermo Subiabre Astorga (born 25 February 1903 in Osorno, Chile; died in 1964) was a Chilean footballer.	Guillermo Subiabre	Chile
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Guerrero (also known as Gonzalo Marinero, Gonzalo de Aroca and Gonzalo de Aroza) was a sailor from Palos, in Spain who shipwrecked along the Yucatán Peninsula and was taken as a slave by the local Maya.	Gonzalo Guerrero	Spain
country of citizenship	Jetti Eshwari Bai was an Indian politician and former M.L.A and President Of Republican Party of India.	Eshwari Bai	India
country of citizenship	Irma Sánchez (born December 6, 1987 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican boxer in the Light Flyweight division and she is the current WBC Silver Female Light Flyweight Champion.	Irma Sánchez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Haseeb Ahsan (Urdu: حسيب احسن‎; 15 July 1939 -- 8 March 2013) was a Pakistani cricketer who played 12 Tests for Pakistan between 1958 and 1962.	Haseeb Ahsan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Reorus Torkillus (1608--1643) was priest of the Church of Sweden and the first Lutheran clergyman to settle in what would become the United States.	Reorus Torkillus	Sweden
country of citizenship	Han Jong-in (August 9, 1978 in Pyongyang, North Korea) is a North Korean figure skater.	Han Jong-in	North Korea
country of citizenship	Enrique Gratas (1944 in Bahia Blanca, Argentina -- October 8, 2015) was an award winning journalist and the former anchor of Univision's Última Hora (Last Hour), the second most popular Spanish newscast in the United States.	Enrique Gratas	Argentina
country of citizenship	Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi is now Chief Editor of daily Urdu newspaper Qaumi Salamati, with Printer, Publisher & Proprietor ``Siraj Pracha'' and was running his own news agency, Media Star, catering to the needs of Urdu readers in India and abroad, before his arrest.	Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi	India
country of citizenship	Thomas Kendall (13 December 1778 -- 6 August 1832) was a New Zealand lapsed missionary, recorder of the Māori language, schoolmaster, arms dealer, and Pākehā Māori.	Thomas Kendall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Constantin-Joseph-Antoine Pescatore, known as Antoine Pescatore, was born on 16 December 1787 in Luxembourg City, and died on 31 October 1858 in Sandweiler.	Antoine Pescatore	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Jali Nyama Suso (born circa 1925; died 1991) was a kora player from Gambia.	Jali Nyama Suso	Gambia
country of origin	Tala huwa gosht is a very simple meat preparation with lamb, onion, and basic flavorings originating from Hyderabad, India.	Tala huwa gosht	India
country of origin	El Show de Xuxa was a children's program hosted by Xuxa Meneghel in Argentina, from 6 May 1991 to 31 December 1993 and directed by Marlene Mattos.	El Show de Xuxa	Argentina
country of origin	Road, Movie was released in India on 5 March 2010.	Road, Movie	India
country of origin	Tierra Sangre is a soap opera aired in the Philippines produced by VIVA Television.	Tierra Sangre	Philippines
country of origin	Naina is a Hindi horror film released in India in 2005.	Naina	India
country of origin	Les Monos is a French television drama and comedy series which premiered in France in 1999	Les Monos	France
country of origin	A Dangerous Life is a 1988 English-language Australian film about the final years of the Philippines under Ferdinand Marcos' rule, from the assassination of Benigno Aquino, Jr. in 1983 to the People Power EDSA Revolution in 1986 that ousted Marcos.	A Dangerous Life	Philippines
country of origin	Pehla Pehla Pyaar (Urdu: پہلا پہلا پیار) is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Mubasher Lucman which was released across theaters in Pakistan in January 2006.	Pehla Pehla Pyaar	Pakistan
country of origin	Ignazio Stern (January 17, 1679 -- May 28, 1748), born in Mauerkirchen in Austria, was a Baroque painter who worked in Rome, dying there in 1748.	Ignazio Stern	Austria
country of origin	The Stagers is a half-hour reality television show about home staging that airs on HGTV in the U.S. and Canada.	The Stagers	Canada
country of origin	A Herbalist Affair is a 2002 Hong Kong modern serial drama produced by TVB and starring Roger Kwok, Charmaine Sheh and Melissa Ng.	A Herbalist Affair	Hong Kong
country of origin	Stanley Ka Dabba attracted positive reviews from critics across India.	Stanley Ka Dabba	India
country of origin	Long Dark Night (Croatian: Duga mračna noć) is a 2004 Croatian film dealing with World War II in Croatia and its aftermath.	Long Dark Night	Croatia
country of origin	Pempek, mpek-mpek or empek-empek is a savoury fishcake delicacy from Palembang, Indonesia, made of fish and tapioca.	Pempek	Indonesia
country of origin	Chaat (Hindi/Nepali: चाट, Urdu/Punjabi: چاٹ ) is a term describing savory snacks, typically served at road-side tracks from stalls or food carts in India, Pakistan, Nepal and Bangladesh.	Chaat	India
country of origin	Reaction to Blue joining The Big Reunion was initially negative among the other groups, as well as fans of the show, due to the fact that, unlike them, Blue were not reuniting, having already been back together since 2011 and represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011.	The Big Reunion	United Kingdom
country of origin	In the summer of 2010 School is Cool started performing on countless festivals all over Belgium, these included Genk On Stage, Cirque@taque, Boomtown, Dranouter, Marktrock, Maanrock and Pukkelpop, all with hugely positive reviews.	School is Cool	Belgium
country of origin	The Law in These Parts (Hebrew: שלטון החוק) is a 2011 Israeli documentary film, written and directed by Ra'anan Alexandrowicz, about the court system operated by the Israel Defense Forces in the West Bank.	The Law in These Parts	Israel
country of origin	De Wervelwind (Eng: The Tornado) was a journal published in London and dropped by the Royal Air Force over the Netherlands during the Second World War.	De Wervelwind	Netherlands
country of origin	All episodes of The Pallisers are available on DVD in Australia, the United Kingdom and North America.	The Pallisers	United Kingdom
country of origin	Woku is a type of bumbu (spice mixture) found in Manado cuisine of North Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Woku	Indonesia
country of origin	Party Pilipinas (English: ``Party Philippines'') was a Sunday Philippine music variety show produced by GMA Network.	Party Pilipinas	Philippines
country of origin	Anna Folkema (1695 -- 1768), was an 18th-century engraver from the Northern Netherlands.	Anna Folkema	Netherlands
country of origin	Though released in France in 1953 as Manina, la fille sans voiles, the film was not released in the United States until 1958 as Manina, the Girl in the Bikini and in the United Kingdom until 1959 as The Lighthouse-Keeper's Daughter.	Manina, the Girl in the Bikini	France
country of origin	Alfred A. Knopf, Inc. had planned to publish The Well of Loneliness in the United States at the same time as Cape in the United Kingdom.	The Well of Loneliness	United Kingdom
country of origin	Deathgasm is a 2015 New Zealand comedy horror film written and directed by Jason Lei Howden in his directorial debut.	Deathgasm	New Zealand
country of origin	Licence to Drill is a documentary television series produced by the Montreal based Pixcom for Discovery Channel Canada.	Licence to Drill	Canada
country of origin	Small Town Rivals was released in South Korea on March 29, 2007, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 440,516 admissions.	Small Town Rivals	South Korea
country of origin	Design U is a Canadian television series which premiered on April 4, 2005 on HGTV (Canada).	Design U	Canada
country of origin	Thuis (At Home) is a Belgian television soap opera, which airs on één, which is in the hands of VRT, the national broadcasting channel of the Dutch-speaking region of Belgium.	Thuis	Belgium
country of origin	I Laugh Sabado was a comedy variety show aired every Saturday on the now-defunct Q in the Philippines.	I Laugh Sabado	Philippines
country of origin	Aranis are based in Antwerp, Belgium, and their music, composed by Vanvinckenroye, features contrabass, violin, accordion, flute, piano and guitar.	Aranis	Belgium
country of origin	A Morning (formerly New Day, Breakfast at The New RO in the case of Ottawa, and A-Channel Morning) is a morning television show that aired on Canada's CHRO-TV in Ottawa and formerly aired on the other stations in the A system (except for A Atlantic).	A Morning	Canada
country of origin	The 400 Blows had a total of 4,092,970 admissions in France, making it Truffaut's most successful film in his home country.	The 400 Blows	France
country of origin	Dragon Tiger Gate is a 2006 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Wilson Yip and featuring fight choreography by Donnie Yen, who also stars in the film.	Dragon Tiger Gate	Hong Kong
country of origin	Eto Na Ang Susunod Na Kabanata (English: This is the Next Chapter) was a TV show broadcast in the Philippines for two months in 2001 to 2003.	Eto Na Ang Susunod Na Kabanata	Philippines
country of origin	Completed in 2012, Polaroid Song was broadcast on French public national television channel France 2 in April and September 2012 and was competitively selected for several film festivals throughout the world.	Polaroid Song	France
country of origin	Return of the One-Armed Swordsman, also known as One-Armed Swordsman Return, is a 1969 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio.	Return of the One-Armed Swordsman	Hong Kong
country of origin	Outbreak Company, known in Japan as Outbreak Company:	Outbreak Company	Japan
country of origin	Glór Tíre is a reality based talent search for Ireland's newest country and western music star.	Glór Tíre	Ireland
creator	The Melody Haunts My Reverie is a 1965 screen printing by Roy Lichtenstein, referring to the 1927 song ``Stardust'' by Hoagy Carmichael (Lichtenstein loved jazz).	The Melody Haunts My Reverie	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	Orange Is the New Black (often abbreviated to OITNB) is an American comedy-drama series created by Jenji Kohan.	Orange Is the New Black	Jenji Kohan
creator	Germany's Next Topmodel is a German reality television show, based on a concept that was introduced by Tyra Banks with America's Next Top Model.	Germany's Next Topmodel	Tyra Banks
creator	The Lion Monument (German: Löwendenkmal), or the Lion of Lucerne, is a rock relief in Lucerne, Switzerland, designed by Bertel Thorvaldsen and hewn in 1820--21 by Lukas Ahorn.	Lion Monument	Bertel Thorvaldsen
creator	Psyche Revived by Cupid's Kiss is a sculpture by Antonio Canova first commissioned in 1787 by Colonel John Campbell.	Psyche Revived by Cupid's Kiss	Antonio Canova
creator	Colonel Sebastian Moran is a character in the stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	Sebastian Moran	Arthur Conan Doyle
creator	Kurt Wallander (Swedish pronunciation: (valˈlanːdər)) is a fictional character created by Swedish crime writer Henning Mankell (1948 -- 2015).	Kurt Wallander	Henning Mankell
creator	Salisbury Cathedral from the Bishop's Grounds is an 1823 painting by the nineteenth-century landscape painter John Constable (1776--1837).	Salisbury Cathedral from the Bishop's Grounds	John Constable
creator	OpenLayers was created by MetaCarta after the O'Reilly Where 2.0 conference of June 29--30, 2005, and released as open source software before the Where 2.0 conference of June 13--14, 2006, by MetaCarta Labs.	OpenLayers	MetaCarta
creator	The Tortoise Trainer (Turkish: Kaplumbağa Terbiyecisi) is a painting by Osman Hamdi Bey which was crafted in 1906 and 1907 (two versions).	The Tortoise Trainer	Osman Hamdi Bey
creator	Erasistratus Discovering the Cause of Antiochus' Disease (French: Érasistrate découvrant la cause de la maladie d’Antiochius dans son amour pour Stratonice) is a 1774 oil painting by French neoclassical artist Jacques-Louis David.	Erasistratus Discovering the Cause of Antiochus' Disease	Jacques-Louis David
creator	The Washington Family by Edward Savage is a life-sized group portrait of U. S. President George Washington, First Lady Martha Washington, two of her grandchildren, and an enslaved servant.	The Washington Family	Edward Savage
creator	The Madonna della Vallicella is an oil-on-slate painting produced between 1606 and 1608 by Peter Paul Rubens.	Madonna della Vallicella	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	Dances at a Gathering is a ballet made by New York City Ballet ballet master Jerome Robbins to the music of Frédéric Chopin:	Dances at a Gathering	Jerome Robbins
creator	Christ on the Cross, Christ between the two murderers or Le Coup de Lance is a 1620 painting of the Crucifixion of Jesus by Peter Paul Rubens, originally intended for the Convent of the Friars Minor.	Christ on the Cross	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	The Epic of American Civilization is a mural by the social realist painter José Clemente Orozco.	The Epic of American Civilization	José Clemente Orozco
creator	In Justice is an American television police procedural created by Michelle King and Robert King.	In Justice	Michelle King
creator	Emperor Taizong Receiving the Tibetan Envoy (also called 步辇图, Bùniǎn Tú ) is a painting on silk by Yan Liben to show the friendly encounter between the Tang dynasty and Tibet.	Emperor Taizong Receiving the Tibetan Envoy	Yan Liben
creator	Saint Jerome Writing, also called Saint Jerome in His Study or simply Saint Jerome, is an oil painting by Italian painter Caravaggio.	Saint Jerome Writing	Caravaggio
creator	Water Mill at Kollen Near Nuenen is an oil painting of the Watermill at Kollen, created in 1884 by Vincent van Gogh.	Water Mill at Kollen Near Nuenen	Vincent van Gogh
creator	Portrait of Tommaso Inghirami is an oil painting by Italian artist Raphael.	Portrait of Tommaso Inghirami	Raphael
creator	The Farmers' Lunch (Almuerzo de campesinos) is one of the earliest paintings by the Spanish artist Diego Velázquez.	The Farmers' Lunch	Diego Velázquez
creator	The Subsiding of the Waters of the Deluge is an 1829 painting by English-born American artist Thomas Cole depicting the aftermath of the Great Flood.	The Subsiding of the Waters of the Deluge	Thomas Cole
creator	As originally developed by screenwriter Gene L. Coon, Klingons were swarthy humanoids characterized mainly by prideful ruthlessness and brutality.	Klingon	Gene L. Coon
creator	The Young Shepherdess is an 1885 painting by William-Adolphe Bouguereau (1825--1905).	The Young Shepherdess	William-Adolphe Bouguereau
creator	Nude with Yellow Flower is a 1994 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein.	Nude with Yellow Flower	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	The Colbert Report (/koʊlˈbɛr rəˈpɔr/) is an American late-night talk and news satire television program hosted by Stephen Colbert that aired on Comedy Central from October 17, 2005 to December 18, 2014 for 1,447 episodes.	The Colbert Report	Stephen Colbert
creator	Regular Division of the Plane is a series of drawings by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher which began in 1936.	Regular Division of the Plane	M. C. Escher
creator	Wonder Woman was created by the American psychologist and writer William Moulton Marston.	Wonder Woman	William Moulton Marston
creator	Drake & Josh is an American television sitcom created by Dan Schneider for Nickelodeon.	Drake & Josh	Dan Schneider
creator	Dear Green Place was created by comedy actor Paul Riley, and features Ford Kiernan, both of whom featured in the sketch show Chewin' the Fat, and its successful sitcom spin-off Still Game.	Dear Green Place	Paul Riley
creator	Joseph Buquet is a fictional character in The Phantom of the Opera, the 1909 novel by French writer Gaston Leroux.	Joseph Buquet	Gaston Leroux
creator	This pilot was rejected, but Huggins was given a second chance and, with Glen A. Larson, developed Alias Smith and Jones.	Alias Smith and Jones	Glen A. Larson
creator	Shoes and Socks Off was a musical project by Tobias Hayes, based in Brighton, England, and active from 2007 to 2012.	Shoes and Socks Off	Tobias Hayes
creator	Télématin is hosted by William Leymergie.	Télématin	William Leymergie
creator	Le Chahut (English: The Can-can) is a Neo-Impressionist painting by Georges Seurat, dated 1889-90.	Le Chahut	Georges Seurat
creator	Caspar David Friedrich in his Studio refers to two paintings by the German romantic artist Georg Friedrich Kersting of 1811 and 1819.	Caspar David Friedrich in his Studio	Georg Friedrich Kersting
creator	Snow White and The Madness of Truth (Swedish: Snövit och sanningens vansinne) was an item of installation art by Swedish, Israeli-born composer and musician Dror Feiler, and his Swedish wife, artist Gunilla Sköld-Feiler.	Snow White and The Madness of Truth	Dror Feiler	Gunilla Sköld-Feiler
creator	Peril at End House is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the US by the Dodd, Mead and Company in February 1932 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in March of the same year.	Peril at End House	Agatha Christie
creator	SPECTRE (SPecial Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and Extortion) is a fictional global criminal syndicate and terrorist organisation featured in the James Bond novels by Ian Fleming, the films based on those novels, and James Bond video games.	SPECTRE	Ian Fleming
creator	E Street is an Australian television soap opera created by Forrest Redlich and produced by Network Ten from 24 January 1989 to 13 May 1993.	E Street	Forrest Redlich
creator	Beata Beatrix is an oil on canvas painting by Pre-Raphaelite artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti, completed in 1870.	Beata Beatrix	Dante Gabriel Rossetti
creator	Sherlock Holmes (/ˈʃɜːrlɒk ˈhoʊmz/) is a fictional character created by British author and physician Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	Sherlock Holmes	Arthur Conan Doyle
creator	Created by cartoonists Joe Simon and Jack Kirby, the character first appeared in Captain America Comics #1 (cover dated March 1941) from Timely Comics, a predecessor of Marvel Comics.	Captain America	Joe Simon	Jack Kirby
creator	The Accordionist is a 1911 painting by Pablo Picasso.	The Accordionist	Pablo Picasso
creator	Landscape with Snow is a painting made by Vincent van Gogh in 1888, believed to be one of the first paintings that he made in Arles.	Landscape with Snow	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Just Judges or The Righteous Judges is the lower left panel of the Ghent Altarpiece, painted by Jan van Eyck or his brother Hubert Van Eyck between 1430--32.	The Just Judges	Jan van Eyck
creator	The Crucifixion of St Julia is a triptych by the Dutch painter Hieronymus Bosch.	The Crucifixion of St Julia	Hieronymus Bosch
date of birth	Pompée Valentin Vastey (1781 - 1820), or Pompée Valentin, Baron de Vastey, was a Haitian writer, educator, and politician.	Pompée Valentin Vastey	1781
date of birth	Jeremy Burchill (born 1952) is a former barrister and unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Jeremy Burchill	1952
date of birth	Viktor Poganovsky (born 23 November 1949) is a Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion.	Viktor Poganovsky	23 November 1949
date of birth	Bones Hillman (born Wayne Stevens, 1958) is a New Zealand musician.	Bones Hillman	1958
date of birth	Gregory Thaumaturgus or Gregory the Miracle-Worker (Ancient Greek: Γρηγόριος ο Θαυματουργός, Grēgórios o Thaumatourgós; c. AD 213 -- 270), also known as Gregory of Neocaesarea, was a Christian bishop of the 3rd century.	Gregory Thaumaturgus	213
date of birth	Major General Jawad Rumi Daini (born ca. 1948) is a former general in the Iraqi Army who currently lives in exile in Egypt.	Jawad Rumi Daini	1948
date of birth	Charles Wilson Harris (1771 -- January 15, 1804) was briefly presiding professor (equivalent of a modern-day university president) of the University of North Carolina during 1796.	Charles Wilson Harris	1771
date of birth	Florian Wanner (born 2 February 1978, in Wolfratshausen, Upper Bavaria) is a German judoka.	Florian Wanner	2 February 1978
date of birth	(Anna) Natalia Malakhovskaia (born 1947) is a Russian feminist and writer.	Natalia Malakhovskaia	1947
date of birth	Robert George Spencer Hudson (17 November 1895 -- 29 December 1965) was an English Geologist and Paleontologist.	Robert George Spencer Hudson	17 November 1895
date of birth	Daniel Mesotitsch (born 22 May 1976) is an Austrian biathlete, the winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting.	Daniel Mesotitsch	22 May 1976
date of birth	Oscar N. Onyema, OON (Officer of the Order of the Niger) (born 19 August 1968) is the Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Stock Exchange, a position he assumed on 4 April 2011.	Oscar N. Onyema	19 August 1968
date of birth	Mario Šimić (born 28 December 1989) is a Croatian Australian footballer who plays for NK Lučko.	Mario Šimić	28 December 1989
date of birth	Zoran Redžić (born 29 January 1948) is a Bosnian musician, best known for playing the bass guitar in the popular Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme.	Zoran Redžić	29 January 1948
date of birth	Marc Fleury (born 1968) is the creator of JBoss, an open-source Java application server.	Marc Fleury	1968
date of birth	Sverker Olofsson (born April 14 in 1947 in Vännäs, Västerbotten), is a Swedish TV-personality.	Sverker Olofsson	1947
date of birth	Neil Edward Russell (born 10 March 1970, Usk, Wales) is the Senior Brand Executive for BBC Wales productions Doctor Who, Torchwood and Sarah Jane Adventures.	Neil Edward Russell	10 March 1970
date of birth	Florence Ada Keynes (née Brown; 10 March 1861 -- 13 February 1958) was a British author, social reformer, and Mayor of Cambridge in 1932.	Florence Ada Keynes	10 March 1861
date of birth	Thomas C. Molesworth (1890--1977) was an American furniture designer who was a significant figure in the creation of a distinctly Western style of furniture and accessories, using hides, horn and natural wood.	Thomas C. Molesworth	1890
date of birth	Christian Godtfred Rump (8 December 1816 -- 25 May 1880) was one of the most productive Danish painters of his times.	Godtfred Rump	8 December 1816
date of birth	Matthew Ruth (born 21 February 1987) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a substitute centre-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.	Matthew Ruth	21 February 1987
date of birth	Alen Stevanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ален Стевановић; born 7 January 1991) is a Swiss-born Serbian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for SuperLiga club Partizan.	Alen Stevanović	7 January 1991
date of birth	Baien Tomlin (4 January 1905 -- 1972) was a physicist who became known for research on on off keying.	Baien Tomlin	4 January 1905
date of birth	Anthony Kleanthous (born 1966) is the current chairman of Barnet Football Club.	Anthony Kleanthous	1966
date of birth	Lowri Shone (born 5 April 1996) is an English ballerina, and is training at English National Ballet School in London.	Lowri Shone	5 April 1996
date of birth	Al Conover (born 1938) is a former American football player and coach.	Al Conover	1938
date of birth	Lubsan Sharab Tepkin (1875-1941?) was a Buddhist priest of Kalmyk origin who was born in the Bokshirgankan aimak in the Salsk District of the Don Cossack Host sometime in 1875.	Lubsan Sharab Tepkin	1875
date of birth	Professor Sir Frank Wild Holdsworth FRCS (1904, Bradford -- 1969) was a British orthopaedic surgeon remembered for pioneering work on rehabilitation of spinal injury patients.	Frank Wild Holdsworth	1904
date of birth	Gabriela Szabo (Romanian pronunciation: (ɡabriˈela ˈsabo), born 14 November 1975) is a retired Romanian runner.	Gabriela Szabo	14 November 1975
date of birth	Emilio Palacio (born ca. 1954) is an Ecuadorian journalist.	Emilio Palacio	1954
date of birth	Julia Sorrell (born 4 August 1955) is a British artist known for her portraits and imaginative drawings and paintings using figures and natural forms such as wood, shells, rock and plants using a range of media from pencil, charcoal, pen & ink, pastel, watercolour and oil.	Julia Sorrell	4 August 1955
date of birth	Subhi al-Tufayli (صبحي الطفيلي) (born 1948) was the first Secretary-General or leader of Hezbollah from 1989 until 1991.	Subhi al-Tufayli	1948
date of birth	John I, Burgrave of Nuremberg (c. 1279 -- 1300) was a member of the House of Hohenzollern and was Burgrave of Nuremberg from 1297 until his death.	John I, Burgrave of Nuremberg	1279
date of birth	Sarah E. Wall (1825--1907) was a prominent leader in the woman's suffrage movement in the United States.	Sarah E. Wall	1825
date of birth	Larry Bond (born 1952) is an American author and video game designer.	Larry Bond	1952
date of birth	George Britton Halford (26 November 1824 -- 27 May 1910) was an English-born anatomist and physiologist, founder of the first medical school in Australia, University of Melbourne School of Medicine.	George Britton Halford	26 November 1824
date of birth	Walter Ashmore (1867--1940) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Aston Villa.	Walter Ashmore	1867
date of birth	Kumail Nanjiani (/kuːˈmɛl nɑːndʒⁱˈjɑːni/ koo-MEL-nahn-JYAH-nee; born 21 February 1978) is a Pakistani-American stand-up comedian, actor and podcast host.	Kumail Nanjiani	21 February 1978
date of birth	Frederick Stephani (1903-1962) was a screenwriter and film director.	Frederick Stephani	1903
date of birth	Roderic Noble (born 3 October 1957) is an English former child actor, best known for his role as Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich Romanov in the 1971 film, Nicholas and Alexandra.	Roderic Noble	3 October 1957
date of birth	Neil Clement (born 3 October 1978) is an English former professional footballer who spent the majority of his career playing for West Bromwich Albion.	Neil Clement	3 October 1978
date of birth	Carl Malamud (born 1959) is an American technologist, author, and public domain advocate, known for his foundation Public.Resource.Org.	Carl Malamud	1959
date of birth	Berthel Michael Iversen (1906--76) aka B.M. Iversen, was a Danish architect active in Malaysia, and the founder of Iversen, van Sitteren & Partners.	Berthel Michael Iversen	1906
date of birth	Ian Sibbit (born 15 October 1980) is a former rugby league footballer who played as a second row.	Ian Sibbit	15 October 1980
date of birth	Diane Ramsay (born 15 February 1993) is a Scottish sprinter who specialises in the 200m and 400m.	Diane Ramsay	15 February 1993
date of birth	Qiang Wei (born March 1953) is a Chinese politician and senior regional official.	Qiang Wei	March 1953
date of birth	Jean-Paul Sevilla (born in 1934 in French Algeria) is a French pianist and musician of Spanish descent.	Jean-Paul Sevilla	1934
date of birth	Chris Langley (born 11 September 1980) is an English former rugby league footballer who played as a centre.	Chris Langley	11 September 1980
date of birth	Vic Bamforth, (born 1952) is an English glass artist from Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire who specializes in graal glassblowing technique.	Vic Bamforth	1952
date of birth	Mustafa Kemal Kurdaş (1920 -- April 19, 2011) was a Turkish economist who served as Turkish Minister of Finance, the IMF's adviser to Latin American governments, president of the Middle East Technical University and deputy head of the Turkish Treasury.	Mustafa Kemal Kurdaş	1920
date of birth	Mirjeta Shala (born 12 February 1994) is an Albanian-Kosovar television presenter, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Kosovo 2013 and was to compete in Miss Universe 2013 before Kosovo withdrew from the pageant.	Mirjeta Shala	12 February 1994
date of birth	Leonardo de Jesus Geraldo known as Leonardo or just Léo (born 4 August 1985) is a Brazilian footballer, usually playing as a wing-back.	Leonardo de Jesus Geraldo	4 August 1985
date of birth	Francis George Adeodatus Micallef (born 17 December 1928) is a Maltese prelate who for twenty-three years served as the Apostolic Vicar of Kuwait.	Francis George Adeodatus Micallef	17 December 1928
date of birth	Theodore Seio Chihara (born 1929) is a mathematician working on orthogonal polynomials who introduced Al-Salam--	Theodore Seio Chihara	1929
date of birth	Enrique Vera Ibáñez (born 31 May 1954) is a Mexican and Swedish former race walking athlete.	Enrique Vera Ibáñez	31 May 1954
date of birth	Jonathan Paul Cambry (born 1982) is an American classical pianist, teacher, composer and producer.	Jonathan Paul Cambry	1982
date of birth	Les Barr (born 18 November 1952 in Dundee) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Montrose and Dundee in the Scottish Football League.	Les Barr	18 November 1952
date of birth	Per Fly Plejdrup (born 14 January 1960) is a Danish film director, generally credited simply as Per Fly.	Per Fly	14 January 1960
date of birth	Arnold W. Donald (born 1955) is an American businessman, chief executive officer (CEO) of Carnival Corporation & plc since 3 July 2013, replacing Micky Arison.	Arnold W. Donald	1955
date of birth	Stelio Savante (born 24 April 1970) is a South African born New York actor, producer, and writer living in the United States.	Stelio Savante	24 April 1970
date of birth	Ted Bryce (21 December 1912 -- 10 October 1996) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ted Bryce	21 December 1912
date of birth	Lara Dutta Bhupathi (born 16 April 1978) is an Indian actress, model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Universe 2000 and Miss Intercontinental 1997.	Lara Dutta	16 April 1978
date of birth	Imma Clopés Gasull (born 19 January 1968 in Pedret i Marzà, Catalonia) is a retired heptathlete and pentathlete.	Imma Clopés	19 January 1968
date of birth	Joel Foster was born the youngest of eleven at Meriden, Connecticut, December 15, 1814.	Joel Foster	1814
date of birth	Alejo Lascano Bahamonde (1840 -- December 3, 1904) was an Ecuadorian doctor-surgeon.	Alejo Lascano Bahamonde	1840
date of birth	Jodel Dossou (born 17 March 1992) is a professional footballer who is currently playing for Austrian 2nd division side SC Austria Lustenau.	Jodel Dossou	17 March 1992
date of birth	Digby Pearson, also known as ``Dig,'' (born 1962) is a British musician and businessman who founded Earache Records, which signed some of the most infamous heavy metal acts worldwide in the 1980s and early 1990s.	Digby Pearson	1962
date of birth	Neal Antone Dyer better known by the stage name Tony T. (born in London in 1971) is a British singer, rapper and DJ of Jamaican origin, best known as the frontman of German dance music projects Beat System and R.I.O..	Tony T.	1971
date of birth	Barbara Nitke (born 1950) is a New York City art photographer who specializes in the subject of human sexual relations.	Barbara Nitke	1950
date of birth	Edward Sydney Simpson (11 March 1875 -- 30 August 1939) was an Australian mineralogist and geochemist.	Edward Sydney Simpson	11 March 1875
date of birth	Philippa Coulthard (born 25 November 1992) is an Australian television actress, best known for playing Jorjie in the Doctor Who spin-off series K-9, and lead character Amber Mitchell in Lightning Point.	Philippa Coulthard	25 November 1992
date of birth	Ayonika Paul (born 23 September 1992) is an Indian shooter who competes in the 10 metre air rifle event.	Ayonika Paul	23 September 1992
date of birth	Andrew Nethsingha (born 16 May 1968), MA, FRCO, ARCM, is an English choral conductor and organist.	Andrew Nethsingha	16 May 1968
date of birth	Gary Laffan (born 1975) is a retired Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Wexford senior hurling team.	Gary Laffan	1975
date of birth	Henriette Amelie de Nerha (Brussels, Austrian Netherlands, 1754 - Amsterdam, 19 June 1818), was a Dutch memoir writer, known for her relationship with Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau.	Henriette Amelie de Nerha	1754
date of birth	Karl Lacey (born 10 September 1984) is an Irish sportsperson who plays inter-county Gaelic football for Donegal.	Karl Lacey	10 September 1984
date of birth	Varlam Kilasonia (born 13 August 1967) is a Georgian professional football coach and player.	Varlam Kilasonia	13 August 1967
date of birth	Supanat Chalermchaichareonkij (Thai: ศุภณัฐ เฉลิมชัยเจริญกิจ; rtgs: Suphanat Chaloemchaicharoenkit) (born on 31 July 1986) is Thai singer, actor, and the winner of UBC Academy Fantasia season 2 in 2005.	Supanat Chalermchaichareonkij	31 July 1986
date of birth	Zhenis Kembayev (Russian: Кембаев Женис Мухтарович; born on 25 February 1975) is a Professor of Law at the KIMEP University, Almaty, Kazakhstan.	Zhenis Kembayev	25 February 1975
date of birth	Adrià Puntí (Salt, Catalonia, born 13 June 1963) is a musician, singer-songwriter and actor.	Adrià Puntí	13 June 1963
date of birth	Curt Keilback (born 1948) is a freelance Canadian sportscaster and actor, best known as the former play-by-play voice of the National Hockey League's Winnipeg Jets and Phoenix Coyotes.	Curt Keilback	1948
date of birth	Silvano Maria Tomasi C.S. (born 12 October 1940) is a Catholic Archbishop.	Silvano Maria Tomasi	12 October 1940
date of birth	Ankur Garg (born 6 April 1982) is an Indian entrepreneur.	Ankur Garg	6 April 1982
date of birth	William Chirchir (born 6 February 1979, in Bomet) is a Kenyan runner (Kipsigis tribe) who specializes in the 1500 metres.	William Chirchir	6 February 1979
date of birth	Ada Deer (born 1935) (Menominee) is a Native American advocate and scholar who was an activist opposing federal termination of tribes in the 1970s.	Ada Deer	1935
date of birth	Mickey Simmonds (born 31 January 1959, Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England) is an English session keyboardist, arranger and composer.	Mickey Simmonds	31 January 1959
date of birth	John W. Shannon (born 1933) was United States Under Secretary of the Army from 1989 to 1993.	John W. Shannon	1933
date of birth	Georgios Efrem (Greek: Γεώργιος Εφραίμ; born 5 July 1989) is a Cypriot international footballer who plays as a winger for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division.	Georgios Efrem	5 July 1989
date of birth	Norman Triplett (October 1, 1861 -- 1934) was a psychologist at Indiana University.	Norman Triplett	1861
date of birth	Agnes Meyer-Brandis (born 1973) is a German installation artist, known for her Moon Goose Colony, an internationally exhibited artwork and film in which (inspired by a story by Francis Godwin) she raises a flock of geese and teaches them to become astronauts.	Agnes Meyer-Brandis	1973
date of birth	Pernilla August (born Mia Pernilla Hertzman-Ericson; 13 February 1958) is a Swedish actress, director and screenwriter.	Pernilla August	13 February 1958
date of birth	Erastus Brainerd (25 February 1855 -- 25 December 1922) was an American journalist and art museum curator.	Erastus Brainerd	25 February 1855
date of birth	Burak Altiparmak (born 15 October 1990) is a German footballer who plays for 1.	Burak Altiparmak	15 October 1990
date of birth	Reis Ashraf (born 18 September 1989) is an English-born Pakistani international footballer who plays for Buckingham Town in the United Counties League Division One.	Reis Ashraf	18 September 1989
date of birth	Per Rosengren (born 1951) is a Swedish Left Party politician and teacher, and a member of the Riksdag from 1994--2006.	Per Rosengren	1951
date of birth	Charles Wheatly (1686--1742) was an English clergyman, known for writings on the Book of Common Prayer.	Charles Wheatly	1686
date of birth	Luke Cain (born 3 February 1980) is an SH2-classified Australian shooter who became a paraplegic after an accident while playing Australian rules football.	Luke Cain	3 February 1980
date of birth	Andrea Cupi (born 27 January 1976) is a professional Italian association footballer.	Andrea Cupi	27 January 1976
date of birth	José Edmílson Gomes de Moraes (born 10 July 1976), known simply as Edmílson, is a retired Brazilian footballer.	Edmílson	10 July 1976
date of birth	Lluís Galter (Figueres, Spain 1983) is a Catalan film director, and screenwriter.	Lluís Galter	1983
date of birth	Sebastian Krumbiegel (born 5 June 1966) is a German singer and musician.	Sebastian Krumbiegel	5 June 1966
date of birth	Sir Eric Vansittart Bowater FRSA (16 January 1895 - 30 August 1962) was an English businessman, who took the family firm Bowater from a paper merchant to the world's largest paper products company in his 40 years as its CEO and chairman.	Eric Vansittart Bowater	16 January 1895
date of birth	Wang Yongfeng (simplified Chinese: 王勇峰, pinyin: Wáng Yŏngfēng) (born 1963) is a Chinese mountaineer and the assistant secretary-general of China mountain climbing association.	Wang Yongfeng	1963
date of birth	Mal McGillivray (28 August 1929 -- 7 November 1984) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Mal McGillivray	28 August 1929
date of birth	Mathew Flathers (Matthew; alias Major) (b. probably c. 1580 at Weston, North Yorkshire, England; executed at York, 21 March 1607) was an English Roman Catholic priest.	Mathew Flathers	1580
date of birth	Susan Carter Holmes (born 1933) is a botanist and taxonomist at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.	Susan Carter Holmes	1933
date of birth	Hugh Bigod, 1st Earl of Norfolk (1095--1177) was the second son of Roger Bigod (also known as Roger Bigot) (d. 1107), sheriff of Norfolk and royal advisor, and Adeliza, daughter of Robert de Tosny.	Hugh Bigod, 1st Earl of Norfolk	1095
date of birth	Chad Sweeney (born 1970) is an American poet, translator and editor.	Chad Sweeney	1970
date of birth	George Calvert Holland (1801--1865) was an English physician, phrenologist, mesmerist and homeopath.	George Calvert Holland	1801
date of birth	Joseph B. Anderson, Jr. (born 1943) is the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of TAG Holdings, LLC.	Joseph B. Anderson	1943
date of birth	Eileen Nicole Leung Chii Lin (born 11 February 1991) is a Malaysian swimmer, who specialised in sprint freestyle events.	Leung Chii Lin	11 February 1991
date of birth	Jacek Deniz Troshupa (born 4 October 1993) is a Polish-born Kosovar football player who plays for Skënderbeu Korçë in the Albanian Superliga.	Deniz Troshupa	4 October 1993
date of birth	Flor Procuna Chamorro (born 20 May 1952) is a Mexican actress, best known as the villainous Irma Ramos in the telenovela Los ricos también lloran.	Flor Procuna	20 May 1952
date of birth	Eran Kulik (born 1946) is a former Israeli footballer and currently works as a manager.	Eran Kulik	1946
date of birth	T. J. English (born 6 October 1957) is an Irish American author and journalist known primarily for his non-fiction books about organized crime, criminal justice and the American underworld.	T. J. English	6 October 1957
date of birth	Cynthia Connolly (born 1964) is an American photographer, graphic designer, and artist.	Cynthia Connolly	1964
date of birth	Eric Lavine (born 21 January 1971) is a Barbadian football player who played in the League of Ireland for over a decade.	Eric Lavine	21 January 1971
date of birth	Turi Josefsen (born 1936 in Hammerfest, Norway) is a Norwegian-American businesswoman.	Turi Josefsen	1936
date of birth	Jorge Filipe Vidigal (born 29 January 1978) is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a right back.	Jorge Filipe Vidigal	29 January 1978
date of birth	Isaac Addington (January 22, 1645 - March 19, 1719) was a longtime functionary of various colonial governments of Massachusetts, including a brief period as the Chief Justice of the Superior Court of Judicature, the highest court in the Province of Massachusetts Bay.	Isaac Addington	1645
date of birth	Tareq Khouri (Arabic: طارق خوري‎; 1 December 1967 in Amman) is a Jordanian businessman and president of Al-Wehdat SC and he is a deputy to the Jordanian Parliament .	Tareq Khouri	1 December 1967
date of birth	Adrian Miroiu (born 20 August 1954) is a Romanian political philosopher.	Adrian Miroiu	20 August 1954
date of birth	John Ikuru (1877--1947) was the son of king Ikuru Efuya, founder of Ikuru Town and Madam Obiringene of Opobo; his mother came from Ekede.	John Ikuru	1877
date of birth	Mark Nye (1909--1993) was an Anglican bishop and political prisoner in South Africa during the apartheid era.	Mark Nye	1909
date of birth	Dietmar Bruck (born 19 April 1944) is a former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a full back for Coventry City, where he spent the majority of his career, Charlton Athletic and Northampton Town.	Dietmar Bruck	19 April 1944
date of birth	Catriona Rowntree (born 19 July 1971) is an Australian presenter for Australian Nine Network's Getaway program.	Catriona Rowntree	19 July 1971
date of birth	Marguerite Roberts (21 September 1905 --17 February 1989) was an American screenwriter, one of the highest paid in the 1930s.	Marguerite Roberts	21 September 1905
date of birth	Ben Barnicoat (born 20 December 1996) is a British racing driver who is a part of the McLaren Young driver programme.	Ben Barnicoat	20 December 1996
date of birth	Oleksandr Sydorenko (born 27 May 1960 in Mariupol; also known as Aleksandr Sidorenko) is a former individual medley swimmer from the USSR.	Oleksandr Sydorenko	27 May 1960
date of birth	Arun Bhardwaj (born 24 February 1969) is an ultramarathon runner from New Delhi, India.	Arun Bhardwaj	24 February 1969
date of birth	Nadine Kaadan (Paris, 1985) is a Syrian children's book illustrator and writer.	Nadine Kaadan	1985
date of birth	Gilbert ``Gil'' Hatton (born 31 July 1956 in Alburtis, Pennsylvania), also known as Gibby Hatton, is a former American track cyclist and today trainer.	Gibby Hatton	31 July 1956
date of birth	Robert William Dale (1 December 1829 -- 13 March 1895) was an English Congregationalist church leader.	Robert William Dale	1 December 1829
date of birth	Clyde Browne (born circa 1953) is a retired Guyanese footballer who was best known for his time playing for the Clemson Tigers men's soccer program.	Clyde Browne	1953
date of birth	Martin Wesley-Smith (born 10 June 1945) is an Australian composer with an eclectic output ranging from children's songs to environmental events.	Martin Wesley-Smith	10 June 1945
date of birth	Ramiro Herrera (born 14 February 1989) is an Argentine rugby union footballer who plays as a tighthead prop for Castres in the French Top 14.	Ramiro Herrera	14 February 1989
date of birth	Shi Jin-Hua (Chinese: 石晉華; born 1964) is a Taiwanese contemporary artist, known predominantly for conceptual arts and performance; notably for his work,《Pen Walking》, shown at Taipei Fine Arts Museum (2008).	Shi Jin-Hua	1964
date of birth	Kelly-Anne Lyons (born 17 March 1985) is an American actress, television presenter, writer and model.	Kelly-Anne Lyons	17 March 1985
date of birth	Pauwels van Hillegaert (1596--1640) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of landscapes and military scenes.	Pauwels van Hillegaert	1596
date of birth	Osmund Airy (October 1845, in Royal Observatory, Greenwich -- 30 November 1928) was an English historian.	Osmund Airy	1845
date of birth	Miran Burgić (pronounced (ˈmiran ˈburɡitʃ); born 25 September 1984 in Trbovlje) is a Slovenian footballer who plays for Gorica.	Miran Burgić	25 September 1984
date of birth	Ahmad Hakimipour (Persian: ‌‌احمد حکیمی‌پور‎‎; born 1963) is an Iranian reformist politician and former militant.	Ahmad Hakimipour	1963
date of birth	Ronald F. Youngblood (August 10, 1931 -- July 5, 2014) was an American biblical scholar and professor of Old Testament.	Ronald F. Youngblood	1931
date of birth	J. P. S. Uberoi (Jit Pal Singh Uberoi; born 1934) is an Indian sociologist and philosophical anthropologist.	J. P. S. Uberoi	1934
date of birth	Adele DeGarde (May 3, 1899 -- November 1972), aka Adele De Garde, was an American silent film actress, who appeared in 114 films between 1908 and 1918.	Adele DeGarde	1899
date of birth	Robert M. Carmack (born 1934) is an academic anthropologist and Mesoamericanist scholar who is most noted for his studies of the history, culture and societies of contemporary Maya peoples.	Robert M. Carmack	1934
date of birth	Daniele Meucci (born 7 October 1985) is an Italian athlete who specialises in long-distance running, including track running, cross country and road running.	Daniele Meucci	7 October 1985
date of birth	Oliver Fox was the pseudonym of Hugh George Callaway (30 November 1885 -- 28 April 1949), an English short story writer, poet and occultist, chiefly remembered for his Astral Projection:	Oliver Fox	30 November 1885
date of birth	Wendy Ewald (born in 1951) is an American photographer and educator.	Wendy Ewald	1951
date of birth	Daniel Keene (born 1955) is an Australian playwright whose work has been performed throughout the world.	Daniel Keene	1955
date of birth	Xia Deren (Chinese: 夏德仁; born June 1955) is a Chinese politician.	Xia Deren	June 1955
date of birth	Jo-Ann Roberts (born 1956) is a Canadian journalist and the former host of the CBC's All Points West radio program.	Jo-Ann Roberts	1956
date of birth	Shinichi Fujimura (藤村 新一 Fujimura Shin'ichi, b. 4 May 1950) is a Japanese archaeologist who claimed he had found a large number of stone artifacts dating back to the Lower Paleolithic and Middle Paleolithic periods.	Shinichi Fujimura	1950
date of birth	Mary Frank (née Mary Lockspeiser; born 4 February 1933) is an English visual artist known primarily as a sculptor, painter and printmaker/illustrator.	Mary Frank	4 February 1933
date of birth	Euphemia Bridges Bowes (née Allen) (1816--1900) was a suffragette and social activist, who campaigned for the temperance movement and helped to raise the age of consent and fight against child prostitution.	Euphemia Bridges Bowes	1816
date of birth	Dragan Gaćeša (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Гаћеша, born 12 October 1965) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a full back.	Dragan Gaćeša	12 October 1965
date of birth	Henri Szeps OAM (born 2 October 1943) is a Swiss Australian character actor best known for his role as Robert Beare in the ABC situation comedy series Mother and Son.	Henri Szeps	2 October 1943
date of birth	Professor Bhaskar Dasgupta (MB BS MD FRCP, born 1952) is a leading rheumatologist and Head of Rheumatology at Southend University Hospital, Essex, a leading UK Rheumatology department, offering specialist services for inflammatory arthritides.	Bhaskar Dasgupta	1952
date of birth	Haji Farah Ali Omar (Somali: Xaaji Faarax Cali Cumar, Arabic: الحاج فرح علي عمر‎) (b. 1907) was a Somali politician.	Haji Farah Ali Omar	1907
date of birth	Ulla-Britt Wieslander (later Rosberg, born 10 June 1942) is a retired Swedish sprinter.	Ulla-Britt Wieslander	10 June 1942
date of birth	Wolfgang Bahro (born 18 September 1960) is a German actor of television, stage, and film.	Wolfgang Bahro	18 September 1960
date of birth	Wilhelm Eduard Albrecht (4 March 1800 -- 22 May 1876) was a German constitutional lawyer, jurist, and docent.	Wilhelm Eduard Albrecht	4 March 1800
date of birth	Klaus Just (born 29 March 1964 in Nürtingen, Baden-Württemberg) is a retired West German sprinter.	Klaus Just	29 March 1964
date of birth	Fra Emanuele da Como, born in 1625, was a Franciscan monk, and studied art under the direction of Agostino Scilla at Messina.	Emanuele da Como	1625
date of birth	Matthew Wilson (born 29 January 1987) is a British rally driver from Cockermouth in Cumbria.	Matthew Wilson	29 January 1987
date of birth	Darin Gray (born 1967) is an American musician and composer based in Edwardsville, Illinois.	Darin Gray	1967
date of birth	Nataša Erjavec (born 15 May 1968) is a retired Slovenian athlete who specialised in the shot put.	Nataša Erjavec	15 May 1968
date of birth	Karlheinz Oswald (born 1958) is a German sculptor known for his portraits and cast iron sculptures, many of dancers, often displayed in public places.	Karlheinz Oswald	1958
date of birth	Harry Bentley Bradley (born 25 May 1939) is an American car designer, best known for his work with Hot Wheels and the customizers Alexander Brothers.	Harry Bentley Bradley	25 May 1939
date of birth	Nick Payne (born in 1984) is a British playwright and screenwriter, studied at the University of York and subsequently at the Central School of Speech and Drama.	Nick Payne	1984
date of birth	Toussaint Dubois (b. Oct. 8, 1762 - d. May 10, 1816) was a Montreal born Frenchman and American soldier who joined with Lafayette to fight for American independence in the American Revolutionary War.	Toussaint Dubois	1762
date of birth	Kristin Solberg (born 1982) is a Norwegian journalist and author who is set to become correspondent for NRK in Istanbul where she will cover Southwest-Asia and part of the Middle-East.	Kristin Solberg	1982
date of birth	Ni Cong (born 30 May 1935), courtesy name Yiming, better known by his pen name Ni Kuang (also romanised Ngai Hong, I Kuang and Yi Kuang), is a Hong Kong novelist and screenwriter.	Ni Kuang	30 May 1935
date of birth	Rene Shevill (20 August 1910 in Sydney, New South Wales -- 10 May 1974 in Sydney, New South Wales) was an Australian cricket player.	Rene Shevill	20 August 1910
date of birth	Karl-Hermann Steinberg (born 22 June 1941 in Heiligenstadt) is an eminent German university lecturer in Chemistry who became a politician (CDU) and briefly, in 1990 a deputy party chairman, and a Government Minister during the final months of the German Democratic Republic.	Karl-Hermann Steinberg	22 June 1941
date of birth	David Armenta (born 1950 in Commerce, California) is a former mayor of Pico Rivera, California.	David Armenta	1950
date of birth	Ebru Kavaklıoğlu (born Yelena Kopytova on 14 March 1970 in the Russian SFSR) is a retired long-distance runner who specialized mainly in the 5000 metres.	Ebru Kavaklıoğlu	14 March 1970
date of birth	Stefan Dassler (born 25 October 1962) is a German non-fiction author and docent for business studies.	Stefan Dassler	25 October 1962
date of birth	He Zhihua (1963 - 2012) (traditional Chinese: 何志華; simplified Chinese: 何志华1963-2012) was a resident of Lianhua Village, Yuelu District, Changsha City in Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.	He Zhihua	1963
date of birth	Pope Pelagius II (520 -- 7 February 590) was Pope from 26 November 579 to his death in 590.	Pope Pelagius II	520
date of birth	David James Taylor (1889 -- January 9, 1969) was an Ontario farmer and political figure.	David James Taylor	1889
date of birth	Jonathan Blow (born 1971) is an American independent video game programmer and designer.	Jonathan Blow	1971
date of birth	Morteza Bakhtiari (born 1952) is an Iranian politician who was the minister of justice from 2009 to 2013.	Morteza Bakhtiari	1952
date of birth	Craig Vye (born 19 July 1983), is an English actor, best known for his role as Ethan Scott in teen soap opera Hollyoaks.	Craig Vye	19 July 1983
date of birth	Bruce Starkey (born 1953) was an Australian Rugby League player of the 1970s and 1980s.	Bruce Starkey	1953
date of birth	James Scott Bowerbank FRS (14 July 1797 -- 8 March 1877) was a British naturalist and palaeontologist.	James Scott Bowerbank	14 July 1797
date of birth	Lukáš Tesák (born 8 March 1985) is a Slovak football player who plays for Kazakhstan Premier League club Kairat.	Lukáš Tesák	8 March 1985
date of birth	Sigmund Borgundvåg (born 16 February 1939 in Selje) is a Norwegian naval architect of offshore vessels including platform supply ships and deep-sea tugs.	Sigmund Borgundvåg	16 February 1939
date of birth	Darren Doane (born 1972) is an American filmmaker and music video director.	Darren Doane	1972
date of birth	Abdolhamid Fathi (Persian: عبدالحمید فتحی‎; born 10 April 1948) is an Iranian fencer.	Abdolhamid Fathi	10 April 1948
date of birth	Abu Mustafa al-Sheibani (born 1959 in al-Nasiriyah) also known as Hamid Thajil Warij al-Attabi or Hamid al-Sheibani is an Iraqi Shi'a leader who commands his own insurgent group and smuggling network known as the Sheibani Network, which became one of the Iraqi Special Groups.	Abu Mustafa al-Sheibani	1959
date of birth	Thelma Dale Perkins (1915-2014) was an African-American activist.	Thelma Dale Perkins	1915
date of birth	Gyamfi Kyeremeh (born on 9 March 1995) is a Belgian football winger, who currently plays for the reserve side of Eintracht Braunschweig in Germany.	Gyamfi Kyeremeh	9 March 1995
date of birth	Paola Perego (born 17 April 1966) is an Italian television host.	Paola Perego	17 April 1966
date of birth	Valentín Campa Salazar (14 February 1904 -- 25 November 1999) was a Mexican railway union leader and presidential candidate.	Valentín Campa	14 February 1904
date of birth	Ingar Sletten Kolloen (born 9 July 1951) is a Norwegian journalist, biographer, novelist and playwright.	Ingar Sletten Kolloen	9 July 1951
date of birth	Jack R. Howard (1910--1998) was an American broadcasting executive.	Jack R. Howard	1910
date of birth	Seamus McGarvey, ASC, BSC (born 29 June 1967) is a Northern Irish cinematographer.	Seamus McGarvey	29 June 1967
date of birth	Frederick Stapleton (11 March 1877 -- 9 November 1939) was an English water polo player and swimmer.	Frederick Stapleton	11 March 1877
date of birth	Christopher of Prague, born 29 June 1953 as Radim Pulec is the Orthodox Metropolitan of the Czech lands and Slovakia since 2006 and Archbishop of Prague.	Christopher of Prague	29 June 1953
date of birth	Gareth Duke (born 18 June 1986) is a former Paralympic swimmer from Great Britain competing in S6 classification events.	Gareth Duke	18 June 1986
date of birth	David Ross Fryer (born 1969) is an ethicist working in phenomenology, queer theory, Africana thought, existentialism (in particular Black Existentialism), secular Jewish thought, and psychoanalytic theory.	David Ross Fryer	1969
date of birth	William Ryland (1770 -- January 10, 1846) was a Methodist minister who served several terms as Chaplain of the Senate.	William Ryland	1770
date of birth	Sabahat Akkiray (born 6 February 1955, known as Sabahat Akkiraz) is a Turkish folk music singer and was a Member of Parliament for Istanbul between 2011 and 2015 from the Republican People's Party (CHP).	Sabahat Akkiraz	6 February 1955
date of birth	Simon Tatham (born 3 May 1977) is a British programmer known primarily for creating and maintaining PuTTY, a free software implementation of Telnet and SSH clients for Unix and Windows API platforms, along with an xterm terminal emulator.	Simon Tatham	3 May 1977
date of birth	Alparslan Arslan (born 1977 in Kiğı) is a Turkish criminal convicted for murdering Council of State member Mustafa Yücel Özbilgin, and wounding four others.	Alparslan Arslan	1977
date of birth	Kevin R. Cox is a British-American geographer (born in Warwick, England in 1939), who holds the position of Distinguished University Professor, in the Department of Geography, of The Ohio State University	Kevin R. Cox	1939
date of birth	Nikhil Patwardhan (born 2 June 1977) is an Indian former first-class cricketer.	Nikhil Patwardhan	2 June 1977
date of birth	Gareth Howell (born 6 January 1981) is a British racing driver, and multiple British Touring Car Championship race winner from 2000 to 2008.	Gareth Howell	6 January 1981
date of birth	Manikrao Thakre (born 22 August 1954) is an Indian politician from the state of Maharashtra.	Manikrao Thakre	22 August 1954
date of birth	Ulrich Frank (born 1958 ) is a German computer scientist and Professor of Business informatics at the University of Duisburg-Essen, known for his work on the state of the art in information systems research and the development of the Multi-Perspective Enterprise Modeling (MEMO) meta modelling framework.	Ulrich Frank	1958
date of birth	Kwak Pom-gi (born 1939) is a North Korean government official.	Kwak Pom-gi	1939
date of birth	Ludmila Pagliero (born 15 October 1983) is an Argentine ballet dancer who is currently a étoile (principal) dancer of the Paris Opera Ballet.	Ludmila Pagliero	15 October 1983
date of birth	Francisco Sarracino (21 February 1790 -- unknown) was the géfe político or governor of New Mexico from 1833 to 1835.	Francisco Sarracino	21 February 1790
date of birth	Dr. Hafeez Malik (Urdu: ڈاکٹرحفيظ ملک‎, born in 1930 in Lahore) was Professor of Political Science at Villanova University, in Pennsylvania.	Hafeez Malik	1930
date of birth	Emin Çölaşan (born 14 March 1942) is a Turkish investigative journalist, whose daily column appeared in the country's internationally best-known and most influential mass-circulation newspaper, Istanbul-based Hürriyet, for 22 years, from 1985 to 2007, .	Emin Çölaşan	14 March 1942
date of birth	Franziska Schenk (born 13 March 1974) is a former German speed skater.	Franziska Schenk	13 March 1974
date of birth	Sally Oliver (born 26 December 1983) is an English actress who appeared in British soap opera Emmerdale from July 2007 to August 2009, playing the character of Lexi, the daughter of Carrie Nicholls (played by Linda Lusardi) and the sister of Scarlett Nicholls (played by Kelsey-Beth Crossley).	Sally Oliver	26 December 1983
date of birth	Shahid Kamal (born 1 January 1952) is a retired Pakistani career diplomat.	Shahid Kamal	1 January 1952
date of birth	Danny Sculthorpe (born 8 September 1979) is an English retired rugby league footballer.	Danny Sculthorpe	8 September 1979
date of birth	Ole Haldorsen Bjelbøle (23 August 1879 -- ??) was a Norwegian farmer and politician for the Agrarian Party.	Ole Haldorsen Bjelbøle	23 August 1879
date of birth	Aiday Isaeva (Kazakh: Айдай Исаева, born 19 April 1989 in Almaty) is a Kazakh beauty pageant titleholder.	Aiday Isaeva	19 April 1989
date of birth	Fatima Zohra Badji (1942-2014) (Arabic: وكانت فاطمة الزهراء باجي‎) better known by her stage name of Noura (Arabic: نورة‎) was an Algerian singer.	Noura	1942
date of birth	Chris Cowie (born 1969) is a producer and DJ from Aberdeen, Scotland.	Chris Cowie	1969
date of birth	Ruby Brooks (1861 -- February 10, 1906) was an American banjoist, composer, and pioneer recording artist, sometimes called ``King of Banjoists.''	Ruby Brooks	1861
date of birth	John Boning (born 21 September 1805 in Cambridge; died 12 April 1879 in Cambridge) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Cambridge Town Club who was active from 1822 to 1847.	John Boning	21 September 1805
date of birth	Manampin Girsang (born in Brastagi, May 13, 1969), widely known by his nickname, Pipin, is an Indonesian entrepreneur and author from Brastagi, North Sumatera, Indonesia.	Manampin Girsang	1969
date of birth	Ferenc Vörös (born 9 April 1922) is a retired Hungarian swimmer who won a silver medal in the 1500 m freestyle at the 1947 European Aquatics Championships.	Ferenc Vörös	9 April 1922
date of birth	The Second Beru Khyentse (1947--), born Thupten Sherap is a lineage holder of the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism and the third reincarnation of Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo (1820--1892).	Second Beru Khyentse	1947
date of birth	Teresa Amabile (born in 1950) is the Edsel Bryant Ford Professor of Business Administration in the Entrepreneurial Management Unit at Harvard Business School.	Teresa Amabile	1950
date of birth	Mourad Mghizrat (born 7 September 1974) is a Moroccan-Dutch footballer, who plays in midfield.	Mourad Mghizrat	7 September 1974
date of birth	Steven Spence (born c. 1971), best known by his stage name Kid Sensation, is an American rapper.	Kid Sensation	1971
date of birth	Väinö Kirstinä (1936, Tyrnävä - 2007) was a Finnish writer and recipient of the Eino Leino Prize in 1981.	Väinö Kirstinä	1936
date of birth	Zhiliang Ying (Chinese: 应志良; pinyin: yìng zhìliáng; born April 1960) is a Professor of Statistics in the Department of Statistics, Columbia University.	Zhiliang Ying	1960
date of birth	Mar Joseph Chennoth (born 13 October 1943) is a Syro Malabar Catholic Archbishop belonging to the Archdiocese of Ernakulam.	Joseph Chennoth	13 October 1943
date of birth	Moses ben Isaac Judah Lima (c. 1615 -- c. 1670) was a Lithuanian rabbinical scholar, one of the Acharonim.	Moses ben Isaac Judah Lima	1615
date of birth	Anh Do (born 2 June 1977) is a Vietnamese-born Australian author, actor, comedian, and artist.	Anh Do	2 June 1977
date of birth	Pal Sinn (born 17 March 1959) is a Hong Kong actor, singer and record producer.	Pal Sinn	17 March 1959
date of birth	Alberto Fuentes Mohr (22 November 1927 -- 25 January 1979) was a Guatemalan economist and politician, one of the founders of the Social Democratic Party.	Alberto Fuentes Mohr	22 November 1927
date of birth	Viktoria Gorbatova (Russian: Виктория Горбатова, 19 June 2002) is a Russian artistic gymnast.	Viktoria Gorbatova	19 June 2002
date of birth	Donn Lewin (1926 -- December 18, 2010) was an American professional wrestler.	Donn Lewin	1926
date of birth	John Farmery (1591--1647) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640.	John Farmery	1591
date of birth	Hermann Carl George Brandt (1850--1920) was a German-American scholar who published German grammars and German-English dictionaries among other works.	Hermann Carl George Brandt	1850
date of birth	Tim Slade (born 3 August 1985 in Hornsby, New South Wales) is an Australian motor racing driver.	Tim Slade	3 August 1985
date of birth	Daniel Alfred Sanborn (April 5, 1827 in Somerville, Massachusetts -- April 11, 1883 in Brooklyn, New York) was a surveyor who founded the Sanborn Map Company, a well-known provider of fire insurance maps.	Daniel Alfred Sanborn	1827
date of birth	Falko Götz (born 26 March 1962) is a retired German football player who is the manager of 1.	Falko Götz	26 March 1962
date of birth	Paul Hildgartner (born 8 June 1952 in Chienes) is an Italian of German descent former luger who competed from the early 1970s to the late 1980s.	Paul Hildgartner	8 June 1952
date of birth	Thomas Snelling (1712--1773) was an English numismatist.	Thomas Snelling	1712
date of birth	William Richard Sutton (1833-1900) was the founder of the UK's first door-to-door long distance parcel service and founder of the William Sutton housing trust.	William Richard Sutton	1833
date of birth	Anne Karin Dehle (born 30 July 1942) is a Norwegian figure skater who competed in the 1950s and 1960s.	Anne Karin Dehle	30 July 1942
date of birth	Robert D. Schreiber (born 1946) is an immunologist and currently is the Alumni Endowed Professor of Pathology and Immunology at Washington University School of Medicine.	Robert D. Schreiber	1946
date of birth	Giannis Stoforidis (Greek: Γιάννης Στοφοριδης; born 8 May 1989) is a Greek kickboxer fighting in the SUPERKOMBAT Fighting Championship.	Giannis Stoforidis	8 May 1989
date of birth	Shoha Parekh (born 1978) is an American beauty pageant titleholder and actress.	Shoha Parekh	1978
date of birth	Jeremy McClure (born 25 May 1987) is an Australian swimmer, paratriathlete and motivational speaker.	Jeremy McClure	25 May 1987
date of birth	Wang Xiaoya (Chinese: 王小丫; pinyin: Wāng Xiǎoyā; born 22 January 1968) is a Chinese television host and media personality.	Wang Xiaoya	22 January 1968
date of birth	Michael Cheng Tak-kin, JP (born 1938, Hong Kong) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and Wong Tai Sin District Board.	Michael Cheng Tak-kin	1938
date of birth	Harold Musgrove (born 1931) served as Chair of the Austin Rover Group from 1982 until 1986.	Harold Musgrove	1931
date of birth	Syd Carman (15 December 1901 -- 16 February 1966) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Syd Carman	15 December 1901
date of birth	Mao Chaofeng (Chinese: 毛超峰; born December 1965) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2015 as the executive vice governor of Hainan province.	Mao Chaofeng	December 1965
date of birth	Ian Lang Livingstone, CBE, DL (born 23 February 1938) is a Scottish businessman; former Chairman of the board of Motherwell College; former Chairman of Motherwell Football Club; former Chairman of Lanarkshire Health Board; and former Chairman of the Lanarkshire Development Agency.	Ian Lang Livingstone	23 February 1938
date of birth	Fay Alexander (1924 or 1925 - 2000) was a stunt man and circus acrobat.	Fay Alexander	1924
date of birth	Ion Moldovan (born 3 September 1954) is a retired Romanian footballer and currently a manager.	Ion Moldovan	3 September 1954
date of birth	Ovidio Lagos (31 August 1825 -- 13 August 1891) was an Argentine journalist, businessman and politician.	Ovidio Lagos	31 August 1825
date of birth	Reynier Casamayor Griñán, known as El Médico (born c. 1975), is a Cuban musician and medical doctor who is, as of 2005 enjoying success in Spain as a composer and performer of reggaetón music.	Reynier Casamayor Griñán	1975
date of birth	John Edward Daniel (26 June 1902 -- 11 February 1962) was a Welsh theologian and college lecturer who became chairman of the Welsh political party Plaid Cymru.	John Edward Daniel	26 June 1902
date of birth	Yacin Elmi Bouh (Arabic: ياسين علمي بوح‎; born 4 June 1962) is a Djiboutian politician.	Yacin Elmi Bouh	4 June 1962
date of birth	Sanna Kannasto (née Kallio, born 1878, died 1968) was a Finnish Canadian labour activist and feminist.	Sanna Kannasto	1878
date of birth	Richard Horden (born 1944), is a British architect based in London.	Richard Horden	1944
date of birth	Enid Bakewell (born 16 December 1940; née Enid Turton) played for the English women's cricket team in 12 Tests between 1968 and 1979, and in 23 one-day international matches.	Enid Bakewell	16 December 1940
date of birth	Paul David Hewson (born 10 May 1960), known by his stage name Bono (/ˈbɒnoʊ/), is an Irish singer-songwriter, musician, venture capitalist, businessman, and philanthropist.	Bono	10 May 1960
date of birth	Haim Pontramoli (born 9 August 1981) is an Israeli association footballer who plays for Hapoel Hod HaSharon.	Haim Pontramoli	9 August 1981
date of birth	1477, the son of Giovanni Antonio Sanseverino, a Neapolitan patrician, and Enrichetta Carafa.	Antonio Sanseverino	1477
date of birth	Abdullah Al-Waked Al-Shahrani (Arabic: عبد الله الواكد الشهراني‎) (born 29 September 1975) is a Saudi Arabian football player.	Abdullah Al-Waked	29 September 1975
date of birth	Nick Deocampo (born 1959) is a Filipino film producer, author and the director of the Center for New Cinema.	Nick Deocampo	1959
date of birth	Candan Yüceer (born 4 May 1973) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People's Party (CHP) who has served as a Member of Parliament for Tekirdağ since 12 June 2011.	Candan Yüceer	4 May 1973
date of birth	Alan Bleasdale (born 23 March 1946) is an English writer, best known for social realist drama serials based on the lives of ordinary people.	Alan Bleasdale	23 March 1946
date of birth	Zhang Junzhao (simplified Chinese: 张军钊; traditional Chinese: 張軍釗; born 1952) is a Chinese film director and screenwriter who was mainly active in the 1980s.	Zhang Junzhao	1952
date of birth	Robert Chow Yung (Chinese: 周融; born 22 April 1950), BBS, is a Hong Kong journalist and media personality who is a former RTHK radio host.	Robert Chow	22 April 1950
date of birth	Walter Leandro Capeloza Artune, commonly known as Walter, (born 18 November 1987 in Jaú) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Corinthians.	Walter Leandro Capeloza Artune	18 November 1987
date of birth	Lee Jasper (born 4 November 1958) is a British race relations activist, and politician who served as Senior Policy Advisor on Equalities to the former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone until he resigned on 4 March 2008, and was the Respect Party's candidate for the Croydon North by-election.	Lee Jasper	4 November 1958
date of birth	Dame N'Doye (born 21 February 1985) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for English club Sunderland on loan from Trabzonspor as a striker.	Dame N'Doye	21 February 1985
date of birth	Ante Anin (born 3 February 1966) is a German architect originally from Croatia.	Ante Anin	3 February 1966
date of birth	Charles Winquist (1944 -- April 4, 2002) was the Thomas J. Watson Professor of Religion at Syracuse University.	Charles Winquist	1944
date of birth	Jonathan Antoine (born 13 January 1995) and Charlotte Jaconelli (born 24 August 1995), known collectively as Jonathan and Charlotte, were an English classical crossover duo from Essex.	Jonathan and Charlotte	13 January 1995
date of birth	Titus Gay (1787-1837), also known as Old Ti, was born into slavery in the town of Suffield, Connecticut, USA, and because of the Gradual Emancipation Act passed in 1784, he was freed in 1812 after reaching 25 years of age.	Titus Gay	1787
date of birth	Subenrat Insaeng (born 10 February 1994) is a Thai athlete specialising in the discus throw.	Subenrat Insaeng	10 February 1994
date of birth	Mandeep Kaur (born 19 April 1988) is an Indian athlete who mainly competes in the 400 meters.	Mandeep Kaur	19 April 1988
date of birth	Faizullah Kakar (Pashto: فيض الله كاكر‎, Persian: فيض الله كاكر‎, born 24 December 1950) is an Afghan epidemiologist and public leader.	Faizullah Kakar	24 December 1950
date of birth	Joe Messina (born in Detroit, Michigan on 13 December 1928) is an American guitarist.	Joe Messina	13 December 1928
date of birth	Michèle Ohayon (born 1968) is a film director, screenwriter and producer, best known for the Academy Award nominated feature documentary film, Colors Straight Up (1997).	Michèle Ohayon	1968
date of birth	Gerd Faltings (German: (ˈfaltɪŋs); born 28 July 1954) is a German mathematician known for his work in arithmetic algebraic geometry.	Gerd Faltings	28 July 1954
date of birth	Amr Nabil (born 15 August 1987) is an Egyptian footballer (soccer) Defender.	Amr Nabil	15 August 1987
date of birth	Rob VanAlkemade (born 1970, Teaneck, New Jersey) is an American documentary filmmaker.	Rob VanAlkemade	1970
date of birth	Khaled Baleid (Arabic: خالد بلعيد) (born 2 November 1986) is a Yemeni footballer who plays primarily as a Left winger; currently playing for Salgaocar in the Indian I-League.	Khaled Baleid	2 November 1986
date of birth	Alain Berliner (born 21 February 1963) is a Belgian film director best known for the 1997 film Ma vie en rose, which won the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Golden Globe Awards in 1998.	Alain Berliner	21 February 1963
date of birth	Lanka Sundaram M.A., Ph.D. (Telugu: లంక సుందరం) (1 January 1905 -- 8 January 1967) is an eminent Indian parliamentarian and an expert in international law.	Lanka Sundaram	1 January 1905
date of birth	Paulina Singerman (1911--1984) was an Argentine actress who primarily worked during the Golden Age of Argentine Cinema, performing on both stage and in films.	Paulina Singerman	1911
date of birth	Virginia Strom-Martin (born 1948) served in the California state Assembly from 1996 until she was termed out in 2002.	Virginia Strom-Martin	1948
date of birth	Air Marshal Denzil Keelor PVSM, AVSM, VrC, KC (born 7 December 1933) is a retired Indian Air Force air marshal and a hero of the Indo-Pakistani war.	Denzil Keelor	7 December 1933
date of birth	Jiang Cuihua (Chinese: 姜翠华; born 2 February 1975) is a former Chinese cyclist.	Jiang Cuihua	2 February 1975
date of birth	Silvana Pereira (born 5 May 1965) is a Brazilian former middle and long-distance runner.	Silvana Pereira	5 May 1965
date of birth	James Sarjeant (born 16 November 1993) is a British speedway rider.	James Sarjeant	16 November 1993
date of birth	Peter Xu (徐永泽 Xu Yongze; 9 October 1940) is the founder of an Evangelical Christian movement in China known as the ``New Birth'', ``All Range'' (全范围教会 Quanfanwei jiaohui), or ``Born Again Movement.''	Peter Xu	9 October 1940
date of birth	Ann Peel (born 27 February 1961) is a retired Canadian race walker.	Ann Peel	27 February 1961
date of birth	Yitzhak Yamin ( יצחק ימין born 1938) is an Iraqi-born Israeli painter and sculptor.	Yitzhak Yamin	1938
date of birth	Pamela Peck Wan-kam (Chinese: 白韻琴, born on September 1 1944) was a Hong Kong radio agony aunt and celebrity and is a former member of Wan Chai District Council.	Pamela Peck	1944
date of birth	James Rodowsky (born January 1993) is an American short track speed skating competitor.	James Rodowsky	January 1993
date of birth	John Buttencourt Avila (1865-1937) was a California farmer who has been called the father of the sweet potato industry.	John Buttencourt Avila	1865
date of birth	Angélica Rivera Hurtado (pronounced: (aŋˈxelika riˈβeɾa uɾˈtaðo); born 2 August 1969) is a Mexican singer, model and telenovela actress.	Angélica Rivera	2 August 1969
date of birth	Terje Moe Gustavsen (born 20 October 1954) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party and a civil servant.	Terje Moe Gustavsen	20 October 1954
date of birth	István Jakab (born 17 September 1949) is a Hungarian agronomist and politician, leader of the MAGOSZ (advocacy organization of the Hungarian agrarian workers).	István Jakab	17 September 1949
date of birth	Melissa Coleman (born 1969) is an American author, columnist, and writer best known as the author of This Life Is in Your Hands, a childhood memoir exploring her iconic family's search for a sustainable lifestyle.	Melissa Coleman	1969
date of birth	Jane I. Guyer (born 31 December 1943) is the George Armstrong Kelly Professor in the Department of Anthropology at The Johns Hopkins University.	Jane I. Guyer	31 December 1943
date of birth	Jesper Thygesen (born 20 September 1969) is a Danish football director, commentator, and former player.	Jesper Thygesen	20 September 1969
date of birth	Abdel-Fatah Qudsiyeh (Arabic: عبد الفتاح قدسية،‎) (born 1953) is the deputy director of the Syrian National Security Bureau and a close adviser to President Bashar al-Assad.	Abdel-Fatah Qudsiyeh	1953
date of birth	S. N. Tripathi also known as Shri Nath Tripathi (14 March 1913 -- 28 March 1988) was an Indian composer, whose active years were from the 1930s to the 1980s.	S. N. Tripathi	14 March 1913
date of birth	Moustapha Alassane (1942--17 March 2015) was a Nigerien filmmaker.	Moustapha Alassane	1942
date of birth	Liédson da Silva Muniz (born 17 December 1977), known simply as Liédson, is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a striker.	Liédson	17 December 1977
date of birth	Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi (Urdu: ریاض احمد گوھر شاہی‎) born 25 November 1941) is a spiritual leader and founder of the spiritual movements RAGS International (now known as Messiah Foundation International) and Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam.	Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi	25 November 1941
date of birth	Nenad Džodić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Џодић; born 4 January 1977) is a Serbian retired professional footballer who played as a defender.	Nenad Džodić	4 January 1977
date of birth	Filippo Costaggini (1839--1904) was an artist from Rome, Italy, who worked in the United States Capitol.	Filippo Costaggini	1839
date of birth	Graham Waterhouse (born 2 November 1962) is an English composer and a cellist.	Graham Waterhouse	2 November 1962
date of birth	Dave Clancy (born 9 September 1978 in Rinteln, West Germany at a Military Base Hospital) He is a British ice hockey goaltender of English parentage, currently playing for the Flintshire Freeze in the ENL.	Dave Clancy	9 September 1978
date of birth	Emma Johnsson (born in 1979 in Eksjö, Sweden) is a Swedish glamor model.	Emma Johnsson	1979
date of birth	Zia Mohiuddin Dagar (14 March 1929 -- 28 September 1990), popularly known as Z. M. Dagar, was a North Indian (Hindustani) classical musician, one of the 19th generation of Dagar family dhrupad musicians.	Zia Mohiuddin Dagar	14 March 1929
date of birth	Ayhan Gezen (born 23 June 1972) is a Turkish-German former footballer.	Ayhan Gezen	23 June 1972
date of birth	Victor Bourgeois (29 August 1897 -- 24 July 1962) was a Belgian architect and urban planner, considered the greatest Belgian modernist architect.	Victor Bourgeois	29 August 1897
date of birth	Aleksandr Rubel (born 25 December 1980) is a serial killer convicted of six murders in Tallinn, Estonia.	Aleksandr Rubel	25 December 1980
date of birth	Tan Sri Dr. Chua Soi Lek (simplified Chinese: 蔡细历; traditional Chinese: 蔡細歷; pinyin: Cài Xì Lì; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chuà Soè-li̍k); born 2 January 1947, also known as Chua Kin Seng, is a Chinese Malaysian politician from the state of Johor.	Chua Soi Lek	2 January 1947
date of birth	Loyiso Gola (born 16 May 1983) is a South African stand-up comedian.	Loyiso Gola	16 May 1983
date of birth	Chloé Georges, born 1 October 1980, is a French acrobatic skier, specialised in ski cross.	Chloé Georges	1 October 1980
date of birth	Jan van Eijden (born 10 August 1976 in Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German track cyclist born in Bad Neuenahr.	Jan van Eijden	10 August 1976
date of birth	Elizabeth O'Conner (1913 -- 6 May 2000), born under the name Barbara Lowe, was an Australian novelist.	Elizabeth O'Conner	1913
date of birth	Frank Vale was born on 26 October 1908 (one of 12 children) in ``TOORA'' South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia Franks' parents and their children lived on an estate at Tarwin Meadows, a large dairy property with 1,000 cows, his father being a bookkeeper for the business.	Frank Vale	26 October 1908
date of birth	Chevalier Alfredo Duprat was born in Lisbon on 21 July 1816 and was a member for Portugal on the Combined Anglo-Portuguese Commission dealing with captured slavers.	Chevalier Alfredo Duprat	1816
date of birth	Clarissa Sligh (1939, Washington DC) is an African American artist, based in Asheville, North Carolina.	Clarissa Sligh	1939
date of birth	Matt Marcy (b. 1976, Los Angeles, California) is an American comedian-magician known for his original, comedy illusions.	Matt Marcy	1976
date of birth	Alfredo Welby (16 December 1910 -- 14 July 1998) was an Italian professional footballer who played for AS Roma, Reggina, Cosenza and MATER.	Alfredo Welby	16 December 1910
date of birth	Joana Plankl (born 14 August 1988), better known by her stage name Petty Joy, is an international house music DJ (progressive and electronic house music).	Joana Plankl	14 August 1988
date of birth	James Benjamin Maddison (born 9 July 1988), known by his pen name Jamie Bunchuk, is an English explorer, equestrian Long Rider (assoc.) and an editor of Sidetracked Magazine.	Jamie Bunchuk	9 July 1988
date of birth	Stefan Šćepović (Serbian Cyrillic: Cтeфaн Шћeпoвић; born 10 January 1990) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Spanish club Getafe CF on loan from Scottish club Celtic as a striker.	Stefan Šćepović	10 January 1990
date of birth	Jack Flaherty (born c. 1931) is a politician and former member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.	Jack Flaherty	1931
date of birth	Carl-Erik Skårman (born 1939) is a Swedish politician (Moderate Party) and was a member of the Riksdag, the Swedish parliament, for Stockholm County 1998--2002 and 2004--2006.	Carl-Erik Skårman	1939
date of birth	Victor Tatin (1843-1913) was a French engineer who created an early airplane, the Aéroplane in 1879.	Victor Tatin	1843
date of birth	Rob Dickinson (born 23 July 1965) is a British musician and singer-songwriter previously of the band Catherine Wheel.	Rob Dickinson	23 July 1965
date of birth	Alcée Louis la Branche (1806 -- August 17, 1861) was a member of the U. S. House of Representatives from the state of Louisiana.	Alcée Louis la Branche	1806
date of birth	Richard Hazleton (5 December 1880 -- 26 January 1943) was an Irish nationalist politician of the Irish Parliamentary Party.	Richard Hazleton	5 December 1880
date of birth	Francisco Ortega (born Victoria, July 11, 1974) is a Chilean journalist, novelist, short story writer, screenwriter, and editor.	Francisco Ortega	1974
date of birth	Jessy Kimbangi, better known by his stage name Jessy Matador, (born 27 October 1982) is a Congolese-French singer.	Jessy Matador	27 October 1982
date of birth	Samuel Hoare Jr (9 August 1751 -- 14 July 1825) was a wealthy British Quaker banker and abolitionist born in Stoke Newington, the north of London.	Samuel Hoare Jr	9 August 1751
date of birth	Donna-Donny Truyens (Leuven, 31 March 1989) is a Belgian gymnast from Kessel-Lo. His favourite event is the pommel horse.	Donna-Donny Truyens	31 March 1989
date of birth	John Muggleton (born 16 January 1960) is a former Australian rugby league player who represented Parramatta Eels in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership, New South Wales in State of Origin competition and the Australian national team (1982).	John Muggleton	16 January 1960
date of birth	Mark Aanderud (born 1976) is a Mexican pianist, composer, arranger, producer and conductor.	Mark Aanderud	1976
date of birth	Robbie Regan (born 30 August 1968 in Caerphilly, Wales) is a Welsh former professional boxer.	Robbie Regan	30 August 1968
date of birth	Kim Pearson (born 18 October 1962) is a former Republican Iowa State Representative from the 42nd District.	Kim Pearson	1962
date of birth	Aneta Lemiesz (born 17 January 1981 in Łódź) is a Polish runner who specializes in the 400 and 800 metres.	Aneta Lemiesz	17 January 1981
date of birth	Rocío Espinosa López-Cepero (born 18 February 1931, Seville), known professionally as Laurita Valenzuela or Laura Valenzuela, is a Spanish television presenter and actress of the 1950s and 1960s.	Laurita Valenzuela	18 February 1931
date of birth	Yahya Hussain Al-Aarashi (born 1947) is a Yemeni diplomat and former government minister.	Yahya Hussain Al-Aarashi	1947
date of birth	Michael Ben-Ari (Hebrew: מיכאל בן ארי‎, born 12 October 1963) is an Israeli politician, and former member of the Knesset.	Michael Ben-Ari	12 October 1963
date of birth	Slobodan Saia-Levy (born 1944 in Parma, Italy -- February 3, 1994), publicly known as Jorge Zontal, was a Canadian artist.	Jorge Zontal	1944
date of birth	Guy Fixsen (born 1968, Bath, Somerset, England) is a producer/engineer/musician based in London.	Guy Fixsen	1968
date of birth	Milad Jafari (born 11 July 1989 in) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for the Persian Gulf Pro League side Esteghlal Ahvaz.	Milad Jafari	11 July 1989
date of birth	Nicholas Sinclair (born 1954) is a British photographer born in London.	Nicholas Sinclair	1954
date of birth	Romeo Challenger (born 19 May 1950) is a Caribbean-born, British-based musician.	Romeo Challenger	19 May 1950
date of birth	Royston Dsouza (born 20 October 1990) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfiedler for Sporting Club de Goa in the I-League.	Royston Dsouza	20 October 1990
date of birth	Henry Howard Whitney (25 December 1866 in Glen Hope, Pennsylvania -- 2 April 1949 in Madison, New Jersey) was a United States military officer, mostly known as a spy for the United States in Puerto Rico.	Henry Howard Whitney	25 December 1866
date of birth	Reggie Ossé, also known as Combat Jack (born July 8, 1969 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former hip hop music attorney and executive, and also the former managing editor of The Source.	Combat Jack	1969
date of birth	Margrit Zimmermann (born 1927) is a Swiss pianist, composer, conductor and music educator.	Margrit Zimmermann	1927
date of birth	Ahmed Shroyda (أحمد شرويدة) (born 21 October 1990) is an Egyptian football Striker who plays for Egyptian Premier League side ENPPI as well as the Egyptian national team.	Ahmed Shroyda	21 October 1990
date of birth	Allan Morley (Scarborough, North Yorkshire, Great Britain, April 29, 1895 - Thanet, Kent September 5, 1960) was a British comic artist.	Allan Morley	1895
date of birth	Judith Shea (born 1948, in Philadelphia, PA) is an American-born sculptor best known for her series of works in bronze in which she creates empty clothing forms suggesting figures that are not present; some of her more recent work incorporates figures as well.	Judith Shea	1948
date of birth	William D. Peacock (1933--1998), known professionally as Bill Peacock, and who also used the pseudonym Elmer Wildblood, in 1984 published the first Native newspaper in Calgary, Alberta.	William D. Peacock	1933
date of birth	Stu Megan, ( Stewart A. Megan, born 1952 in Bristol, England ) is now retired, having been a computer software professional since 1968, a career spanning 46 years.	Stu Megan	1952
date of birth	Nick Bantock (born 14 July 1949) is a British artist and author based in Saltspring Island, British Columbia, known for his series, The Griffin and Sabine Trilogy.	Nick Bantock	14 July 1949
date of birth	William M. McFaddin (1819--1898) served in the Texas Revolution at San Jacinto.	William M. McFaddin	1819
date of birth	Michalis Kapsis (Greek: Μιχάλης Καψής) (born on 18 October 1973 in Nikaia) is a retired Greek football player, who played at the position of central defender.	Michalis Kapsis	18 October 1973
date of birth	Nima Elbagir (born 1978) is an award-winning international television correspondent.	Nima Elbagir	1978
date of birth	Tony Trew (also known as Anthony Andrew Trew) (Cape Town, 6 July 1941) is a South African politician and discourse analyst.	Tony Trew	6 July 1941
date of birth	Samira Ghastin Karamona, better known by her stage name Samira Tewfik (Arabic: سميرة توفيق‎ surname also spelled Tawfik, Tawfiq, Toufiq or Taoufiq) (born 25 September 1935) was Lebanese singer who gained fame in the Arab world for her specializing in singing in the Bedouin dialect of Jordan.	Samira Tewfik	25 September 1935
date of birth	Andy Müller-Maguhn (born 3 October 1971) is a member of the German hacker association Chaos Computer Club.	Andy Müller-Maguhn	3 October 1971
date of birth	Oliver Stokes (born 29 May 1998) Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire) is an English former actor.	Oliver Stokes	29 May 1998
date of birth	Claudine Dianne Ryce (1943-2009) was an advocate for missing children from Miami, Florida.	Claudine Dianne Ryce	1943
date of birth	Peter Van Miltenburg (born 16 August 1957 in Geelong, Victoria) is a former Australian sprinter who specialised in the 200 metres.	Peter Van Miltenburg	16 August 1957
date of birth	Ignacio Carrasco de Paula (born 25 October 1937) is the current president of the Pontifical Academy for Life since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 30 June 2010.	Ignacio Carrasco de Paula	25 October 1937
date of birth	Sigurd Rushfeldt (born 11 December 1972) is a Norwegian footballer who is working as an assistant coach for Tromsø as well as a player for Lyngen/Karnes.	Sigurd Rushfeldt	11 December 1972
date of birth	Dave Vonner (born David A. Vonner II, September 17, 1972, in Atlantic City, NJ,) is an American toy designer.	Dave Vonner	1972
date of birth	Lieutenant General Lindile Yam (born 8 August 1960) is the Chief of the South African Army.	Lindile Yam	8 August 1960
date of birth	Adrian Michaels (born 8 September 1969) is a British national and international newspaper journalist.	Adrian Michaels	1969
date of birth	Sir Alexander Oppenheim, OBE FRSE PMN (4 February 1903 -- 13 December 1997) was a British mathematician.	Alexander Oppenheim	4 February 1903
date of birth	Kadri Aytaç (6 August 1931 -- 28 March 2003) was a former Turkish football player and then manager.	Kadri Aytaç	6 August 1931
date of birth	Abdul Majid Giaka ( pronunciation AHB-duhl mah-JEED J-EYE-ah-kah born 1960) is an alleged double agent who defected from Jamahiriya el-Mukhabarat (Libyan intelligence service) and became a CIA asset in August 1988.	Abdul Majid Giaka	1960
date of birth	Monika Bravo (born 1964) is a multi-disciplinary artist born in Bogotá, Colombia, who lives and works in New York, New York.	Monika Bravo	1964
date of birth	Guillermo Barros Schelotto (Spanish pronunciation: (ɡiˈʃermo ˈβaros (e)skeloto); Italian: (skeˈlɔtto) born 4 May 1973) is an Argentine former football forward.	Guillermo Barros Schelotto	4 May 1973
date of birth	Ed Zotti (born 1951) is credited as being the ``editor and confidant'' of Cecil Adams, the pseudonym of the writer of the column ``The Straight Dope'' (published by the Chicago Reader and nationally syndicated since 1997).	Ed Zotti	1951
date of birth	Aiden Byrne (born 1972) is an English chef, best known as the owner of a number of establishments including The Collingwood, a bar and restaurant in West Kirby.	Aiden Byrne	1972
date of birth	Walter Hood (born 1958, Charlotte, NC) is Professor and former Chair of Landscape Architecture at the University of California, Berkeley, and principal of Hood Design in Oakland, CA.	Walter Hood	1958
date of birth	Martin Poustka (born 2 December 1975) is a Czech football manager, who is currently working for Slavia Prague.	Martin Poustka	2 December 1975
date of birth	Sleeping States is a musical solo project of British musician Markland Starkie (born 1981).	Sleeping States	1981
date of birth	Suzanne Klotz (born 1944) is a painter and sculptor active in Arizona.	Suzanne Klotz	1944
date of birth	Barry Fey (1938 -- April 28, 2013) was an American rock concert promoter from Colorado who was best known for bringing prominent music acts to the United States for the first time.	Barry Fey	1938
date of birth	Colin Blair (born 17 September 1957 in Glasgow) was a British auto racing driver best known for his short time driving in the British Touring Car Championship.	Colin Blair	17 September 1957
date of birth	Johannes Martinus Maria Versleijen (born 29 December 1955), better known as Jan Versleijen, is a Dutch professional association football coach who last managed South African PSL side Ajax Cape Town.	Jan Versleijen	29 December 1955
date of birth	Sebastian Boenisch (Polish pronunciation: (sɛˈbastjan ˈbɛɲiʂ), German: (zeˈbasti̯an ˈbøːnɪʃ); born 1 February 1987) (formerly as Pniowski (ˈpɲɔfskʲi)) is a Polish footballer who plays as a left back for Bayer Leverkusen and the Polish national team.	Sebastian Boenisch	1 February 1987
date of birth	Hippolyte Charles (July 6, 1773 - March 8, 1837) was best known for being Josephine Bonaparte's lover soon after her marriage to Napoleon Bonaparte.	Hippolyte Charles	1773
date of birth	Martin Whitmarsh (born 29 April 1958) is a British businessman and, since March 2015, the CEO of the Ben Ainslie Racing America's Cup team.	Martin Whitmarsh	29 April 1958
date of birth	Gu Xin (simplified Chinese: 顾欣; traditional Chinese: 顧欣; pinyin: Gù Xīn; born 1956) is a former Chinese business executive and singer.	Gu Xin	1956
date of birth	Haradin Bala (born 10 June 1957, Glogovac, Yugoslavia), also known as Shala, is a Kosovar-Albanian former commander of the Albanian militant organization UÇK.	Haradin Bala	10 June 1957
date of birth	William James Loudon (June 25, 1860--September 27, 1951, age 91) was a Canadian geologist and amateur photographer in Ontario.	William James Loudon	1860
date of birth	Carlos Ferrás Sexto (Santiago de Compostela, Galicia, 1965) is a Galician geographer and academic.	Carlos Ferrás Sexto	1965
date of birth	Nicholas Magallanes (1922--1977) was a first-generation principal dancer with the New York City Ballet.	Nicholas Magallanes	1922
date of birth	Kevin Power (born 19 August 1981) is an Irish writer and academic.	Kevin Power	19 August 1981
date of birth	Mubashir Hassan (Urdu: مبشر حسن; 22 January 1922) PhD, is a Pakistani civil engineer and science administrator known for his work in Hydraulics and his political role in the development of the atomic bomb project.	Mubashir Hassan	22 January 1922
date of birth	Surya Das (born Jeffrey Miller in 1950) is an American lama in the Tibetan Buddhist tradition.	Surya Das	1950
date of birth	Bonnie Piesse (born 1983) is an Australian actress and singer/songwriter.	Bonnie Piesse	1983
date of birth	María Elena Alvarado Carrasco (26 June 1954 -- 26 December 2013), better known by her stage name Malena Alvarado, was a Venezuelan actress and author, whose career lasted over three decades.	Malena Alvarado	26 June 1954
date of birth	Predrag Finci (born 5 August 1946 in Sarajevo) is a philosopher, author, and essayist.	Predrag Finci	5 August 1946
date of birth	Guglielmo Inglese (24 November 1892 -- 1 January 1962) was an Italian actor, voice actor, radio personality and playwright.	Guglielmo Inglese	24 November 1892
date of birth	He Yunfeng (Chinese: 何云峰) (January 1922 -- January 6, 2013) was a People's Republic of China major general and People's Republic of China politician.	He Yunfeng	January 1922
date of birth	Mary Benwell (1739--after 1800), married name Codd, was an English artist, a miniaturist and pastellist.	Mary Benwell	1739
date of birth	Johann Paul Auer, who was born at Nuremberg in 1636, studied from 1654 to 1658 under Georg Christoph Eimmart at Ratisbon.	Johann Paul Auer	1636
date of birth	Ralph Angel (born 1951) is a second-generation American of Sephardic Jewish descent, born in Seattle, Washington.	Ralph Angel	1951
date of birth	Saint Mo Ling (614--697), also named Moling Luachra, was the second Bishop of Ferns in Ireland and has been said to be ``one of the four great prophets of Erin''.	Mo Ling	614
date of birth	Sir Joshua Jebb (8 May 1793 -- 26 June 1863) was a Royal Engineer and the British Surveyor-General of convict prisons.	Joshua Jebb	8 May 1793
date of birth	Frank Stamp (1905 -- May 27, 1954) was born in St. John's Newfoundland, Canada and later became a police officer and a boxer.	Frank Stamp	1905
date of birth	Ephraim Serrette (born 6 October 1957 in Port of Spain) is a former sprinter from Trinidad and Tobago.	Ephraim Serrette	6 October 1957
date of birth	Steven Herrick (born in Brisbane, 1958) is an Australian poet and author.	Steven Herrick	1958
date of birth	Alfred Dickinson (born 17 August 1914) was a Welsh footballer who played at inside-forward for Port Vale, Everton, and Northampton Town.	Alfred Dickinson	17 August 1914
date of birth	Brigadier General (retired) Mohammed Mana (born 7 October 1950) was appointed Administrator of Plateau State between December 1993 and August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.	Mohammed Mana	7 October 1950
date of birth	Nelson Hackett (born c. 1810) was an escaped slave who fled to Canada.	Nelson Hackett	1810
date of birth	Trevor Britton (born 23 July 1982) is an Irish cricketer, from Derry, Northern Ireland.	Trevor Britton	23 July 1982
date of birth	Adam Kolasa (born 2 August 1975 in Gdańsk, Pomorskie) is a retired Polish pole vaulter.	Adam Kolasa	2 August 1975
date of birth	Cheng Shifa (Chinese: 程十髮; pinyin: Chéng Shífà; 1921 -- June 17, 2007) was a Chinese calligrapher, painter, and cartoonist.	Cheng Shifa	1921
date of birth	Bahareh Hedayat (born 1981) is an Iranian student activist and campaigner for women's rights.	Bahareh Hedayat	1981
date of birth	Aleksandar Đukić (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Ђукић; born 30 November 1980) is a Serbian football striker.	Aleksandar Đukić	30 November 1980
date of birth	Alan Townsend (26 August 1921 -- 27 January 2014) was an English cricketer who played for Warwickshire from 1948 to 1960.	Alan Townsend	26 August 1921
date of birth	Susan Power (born 1961) (Standing Rock Dakota) is an author from Chicago, Illinois.	Susan Power	1961
date of birth	Abdallah Said Fundikira III (2 February 1921 -- 6 August 2007) was the Ntemi (chief) of Unyanyembe 1957--1962, when he was deposed by the Tanzanian government.	Fundikira III	2 February 1921
date of birth	Ted Dwane (born Edward James Milton Dwane, 15 August 1984) is a British musician and photographer, best known for being the bassist of the Grammy Award winning British folk rock band Mumford & Sons.	Ted Dwane	15 August 1984
date of birth	Raffaele Bonanni (born 10 June 1949) is an Italian former trade union organizer.	Raffaele Bonanni	10 June 1949
date of birth	Antônio Ferreira, usually known as Toninho Guerreiro (10 August 1942 -- 26 January 1990) was a Brazilian international soccer player.	Toninho Guerreiro	10 August 1942
date of birth	Claire Kilroy (born 1973) is a contemporary Irish author.	Claire Kilroy	1973
date of birth	Dr Brenda Niall AO (born 25 November 1930) is an Australian biographer, literary critic and journalist.	Brenda Niall	25 November 1930
date of birth	Michael Cosgrove (born 1954) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a corner-forward for the Westmeath senior team.	Michael Cosgrove	1954
date of birth	Manthena Venkata Raju (1904--1968) was an Indian politician and social worker from Manthenavaripalem, Bapatla, Andhra Pradesh.	Manthena Venkata Raju	1904
date of birth	Iain Overton (born 3 August 1973) is the author of Gun Baby Gun: a bloody journey into the world of the gun.	Iain Overton	3 August 1973
date of birth	James William Middleton (born 15 April 1987) is an English businessman and member of the Middleton family.	James William Middleton	15 April 1987
date of birth	Seleke Botsime (born 1975) is a South African guitarist, composer, and musician.	Seleke Botsime	1975
date of birth	Joshua Höschel ben Joseph was a Polish rabbi born in Vilnius, Lithuania about 1578 and died in Cracow on August 16, 1648.	Joshua Höschel ben Joseph	1578
date of birth	Ahmad Siddiq, known as Majnun Gorakhpuri, was born in 1904 in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh (then United Provinces).	Majnun Gorakhpuri	1904
date of birth	Joo Min-jin (Hangul: 주민진, Hanja: 朱敏眞) (born 1 August 1983 in Seoul) is a retired South Korean short track speed skater.	Joo Min-jin	1 August 1983
date of birth	Neil Mathieson (born 1823, died 14 September 1906) was a Scottish chemist and businessman.	Neil Mathieson	1823
date of birth	Kalyan Singh was born to Tejpal Singh Lodhi & Sita on 5 January 1932.	Kalyan Singh	5 January 1932
date of birth	Lyndon Lea (born 13 January 1969) is an English financier and investor, known for co-founding Lion Capital which specializes in making investments in the consumer sector.	Lyndon Lea	13 January 1969
date of birth	Senad Tiganj (born 28 August 1975) is a retired Slovenian football player who played as a striker.	Senad Tiganj	28 August 1975
date of birth	Benny Hahessy (born 1972) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a left wing-forward for the Tipperary senior team.	Benny Hahessy	1972
date of birth	Jamie Ingledow (born 23 August 1980) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Rotherham United, Chesterfield and Halifax Town.	Jamie Ingledow	23 August 1980
date of birth	Johannes Ludewig (born 6 July 1945, in Hamburg) is a German manager and former secretary of state.	Johannes Ludewig	6 July 1945
date of birth	Alain Berbérian (born 1953) is a French film director and writer of Armenian descent.	Alain Berbérian	1953
date of birth	Seán Jennett (12 November 1912 -- 1981), now known as an author of many travel books, was a typographer for Faber and Faber, who published his The Making of Books (1951).	Seán Jennett	12 November 1912
date of birth	Nancy Sit Ka Yin (Chinese: 薛家燕, MH born 30 March 1950) is a Hong Kong actress on the TVB network.	Nancy Sit	30 March 1950
date of birth	Emanuel Sweert (1552--1612) was a Dutch painter and nurseryman noted for his publication in 1612 at Frankfurt-am-Main of Florilegium Amplissimum et Selectissimum.	Emanuel Sweert	1552
date of birth	John George Jenkins CBE (26 August 1919 -- 19 July 2007), was a Scottish farmers leader, TV presenter and a Liberal Party politician.	John George Jenkins	26 August 1919
date of birth	Senad Podojak (born 31 May 1966 in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian Qur'an reciter, currently living in Austria.	Senad Podojak	31 May 1966
date of birth	Dušan Herda (born 15 July 1951 in Jacovce, a municipality in the Topoľčany District of the Nitra Region, Slovakia) is a former Slovak football player.	Dušan Herda	15 July 1951
date of birth	Artur Krasniqi (Serbo-Croat: Artur Krasnići), born 19 November 1989 in Pristina, leads the Kosovo Protestant Evangelical Church and owns the church in Downtown Pristina.	Artur Krasniqi	19 November 1989
date of birth	Rafael Caldeira Pires, known as Rafael Caldeira (born 11 February 1991), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Guarani as a centre back.	Rafael Caldeira	11 February 1991
date of birth	Shaun Raubenheimer (born 10 November 1983) is a former South African rugby union player, who played as a loose-forward for the SWD Eagles, Border Bulldogs and Griffons between 2008 and 2014.	Shaun Raubenheimer	10 November 1983
date of birth	Franklin G. Miller (born 1948) is an American bioethicist and senior faculty member at the National Institutes of Health (NIH).	Franklin G. Miller	1948
date of birth	George Venables-Vernon, 2nd Baron Vernon (9 May 1735 -- 18 June 1813) was the Second Lord Vernon, Baron of Kinderton.	George Venables-Vernon, 2nd Baron Vernon	9 May 1735
date of birth	Gordon Park Baker (born at Englewood, New Jersey, 20 April 1938; died at Woodstock, Oxfordshire, 25 June 2002) was an American-English philosopher.	Gordon Park Baker	20 April 1938
date of birth	Ri Kun-mo, also translated as Ri Gun-mo (born 5 April 1926) is a North Korean politician (CND).	Ri Kun-mo	5 April 1926
date of birth	Eddie Cross (born 1940) is a Member of Parliament for Bulawayo South, a renowned Zimbabwean economist and founder member of the mainstream Movement for Democratic Change party led by Morgan Tsvangirai.	Eddie Cross	1940
date of birth	Waltraud Strotzer, née Pöhland (born 16 September 1952 in Wünschendorf/Elster) is a German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Waltraud Strotzer	16 September 1952
date of birth	Stephen O. Murray (born 1950), is a sociologist, anthropologist, and independent scholar based in San Francisco, California.	Stephen O. Murray	1950
date of birth	Fathi Kameel Matar Marzouq (Arabic: فتحي كميل مطر مرزوق‎; born 23 May 1955) was a Kuwaiti football player in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Fathi Kameel	23 May 1955
date of birth	Yak Bondy (born 8 July 1962 as Jerk Bondy in Germany) is a London-based music producer, songwriter, and composer.	Yak Bondy	8 July 1962
date of birth	Boston Simbeye (born 24 December 1959) is a former Malawian welterweight boxer.	Boston Simbeye	24 December 1959
date of birth	Simon Coleby (born March 2, 1967) is a British comic book artist who has worked mainly for British sci-fi comic 2000 AD and Marvel Comics.	Simon Coleby	1967
date of birth	Biodun Obende (born 14 June, 1987) is a Nigerian football player who plays professionally in Finland and represents her country in international matches.	Biodun Obende	14 June, 1987
date of birth	Øyvind Gjerde (born 18 March 1977) is a footballer who played for Molde.	Øyvind Gjerde	18 March 1977
date of birth	Lydia Elizabeth Hall (or Lyda Hall; 1864 -- 15 May 1916) was a Canadian Methodist evangelist.	Lydia Elizabeth Hall	1864
date of birth	Countess Christine Sophie Holstein of Holsteinborg, née Reventlow (30 October 1672 -- 27 June1757) was a politically influential Danish salon hostess.	Christine Sophie Holstein	30 October 1672
date of birth	Mike Snoei (born 4 December 1963) is a former Dutch football player and is the Technical Director of Metalurh Zaporizhya in Ukraine.	Mike Snoei	4 December 1963
date of birth	Troyan Radulov (Bulgarian: Троян Радулов; born 4 February 1974) is a Bulgarian former footballer.	Troyan Radulov	4 February 1974
date of birth	Wang Hesheng (Chinese 王和声 Luoyang, 27 December 1955) is a composer of the Military Band of the People's Liberation Army of China, also a member of Chinese Musicians Association.	Wang Hesheng	27 December 1955
date of birth	Antoine Burke (born 20 July 1975) is a retired Irish athlete born in Limerick.	Antoine Burke	20 July 1975
date of birth	Marcel Rominger (born 27 September 1978) is an award-winning American classical pianist.	Marcel Rominger	27 September 1978
date of birth	Mogens Møller (born 28 November 1934) is a Danish Minimalist painter and sculptor who has designed a number of large public works and created the portrait of Queen Margrethe on Danish coins.	Mogens Møller	1934
date of birth	Pavel Kelemen (born 28 May 1991) is a Czech racing cyclist, specializing in short-term disciplines.	Pavel Kelemen	28 May 1991
date of birth	Barry Prima (born Humbertus ``Bertus'' Knoch in 1955) is an Indonesian actor and martial artist who was one of the biggest stars of Indonesian cinema during the 1980s.	Barry Prima	1955
date of birth	Steve Geng (born 1943) is a writer and the author of the memoir, Thick As Thieves.	Steve Geng	1943
date of birth	Giancarlo Magalli (born 5 July 1947) is an Italian television writer and presenter.	Giancarlo Magalli	5 July 1947
date of birth	Lewis Oliva (born 23 August 1992) is a Welsh racing cyclist from Monmouthshire, Wales, who rides on the track for the Welsh Cycling backed Team USN.	Lewis Oliva	23 August 1992
date of birth	Joseph Trench (1815-1879) was an American architect who practiced in New York City and San Francisco in the 19th century.	Joseph Trench	1815
date of birth	Assane Attyé better known by his stage name Ycare or (born 21 September 1983) is a French singer songwriter who was first known as a contestant in Nouvelle Star before launching a solo career releasing three albums, Au bord du monde (2009), Lumière noire (2011) and La Somone (2014).	Ycare	21 September 1983
date of birth	Li Jinzhe (simplified Chinese: 李金哲; born 1 September 1989) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the long jump.	Li Jinzhe	1 September 1989
date of birth	Caroline Townshend, 1st Baroness Greenwich (née Campbell, 17 November 1717 -- 11 January 1794) was a British peeress, a daughter of John Campbell, 2nd Duke of Argyll.	Caroline Townshend, 1st Baroness Greenwich	17 November 1717
date of birth	Alexander Kanoldt (29 September 1881 -- 24 January 1939) was a German magic realist painter and one of the artists of the New Objectivity.	Alexander Kanoldt	29 September 1881
date of birth	John Edmond (born 18 November 1936) is a folk singer who became popular in the 1970s for his Rhodesian patriotic songs.	John Edmond	18 November 1936
date of birth	Effiong Dickson Bob (born 1 October 1959) from Ikot Ekwere, Ubium in Akwa Ibom State is the Pro Chancellor of the University of Benin.	Effiong Dickson Bob	1 October 1959
date of birth	Nilmar Honorato da Silva (born 14 July 1984), commonly known as Nilmar, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Al-Nasr SC of the UAE Arabian Gulf League in Dubai, as a striker.	Nilmar	14 July 1984
date of birth	Jürgen Haase (born 19 January 1945) is a former track and field athlete and Olympian, who, competing for the German Democratic Republic, was among the world's best long distance track runners in the 1960s and 1970s.	Jürgen Haase	19 January 1945
date of birth	Saint Stephen Min Kuk-ka (1787 -- 1840) is a Korean Roman Catholic saint.	Stephen Min Kuk-ka	1787
date of birth	Albert Mokeyev (4 January 1936 -- 27 February 1969) is a former Soviet modern pentathlete and Olympic Champion.	Albert Mokeyev	4 January 1936
date of birth	Jim Mickle (born 1979) is an American film director known for such films as Mulberry Street and Stake Land.	Jim Mickle	1979
date of birth	Remo Lütolf (born 18 February 1980) is a Swiss breaststroke swimmer who won four medals at European and World championships in 1999, 2000 and 2003.	Remo Lütolf	18 February 1980
date of birth	Anado McLauchlin (born 1947), ex-pat artist living in the small village of La Cieneguita in central Mexico.	Anado McLauchlin	1947
date of birth	Francis Dominic Bencini (1664--1744) was a minor Maltese philosopher who specialised in apologetics.	Francis Dominic Bencini	1664
date of birth	Albert Lysander (1875-1956) was a Swedish Lutheran priest and one of the early pioneers of the Swedish High Church movement.	Albert Lysander	1875
date of birth	Ben Lackland (1901 -- January 22, 1959) was a Broadway and early-television actor best known for his five-year role as ``Commissioner of Public Safety Charles Carey'' on Captain Video and His Video Rangers.	Ben Lackland	1901
date of birth	Peter Maes (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈpeː.tər ˈmaːs)) (born 1 June 1964) is a Belgian retired footballer turned coach, currently managing Genk.	Peter Maes	1 June 1964
date of birth	Emma Lonsdale (born 24 April 1984) is a freestyle skier who competes in the halfpipe.	Emma Lonsdale	24 April 1984
date of birth	Alexander Martin Clunes, OBE (born 28 November 1961) is a British actor best known for portraying Martin Ellingham in the ITV drama series Doc Martin and Gary Strang in Men Behaving Badly.	Martin Clunes	28 November 1961
date of birth	Jacob Dilßner (born 17 July 1987), better known by his stage name Wankelmut, is a German electronic music DJ and record producer based in Berlin.	Wankelmut	17 July 1987
date of birth	James Rodwell (born 23 August 1984, in Wendover) is an English professional rugby sevens player.	James Rodwell	23 August 1984
date of birth	Tom Ferrier is a British racing driver, born 14 November 1981.	Tom Ferrier	1981
date of birth	João Vale de Almeida (born 29 January 1957, Lisbon) is the current European Union (EU) ambassador to the United Nations (UN).	João Vale de Almeida	29 January 1957
date of birth	Roy Cromack (born 18 February 1940) was a racing cyclist who represented Britain in track races and in international road races such as the Peace Race.	Roy Cromack	18 February 1940
date of birth	Michele Dancelli (born 8 May 1942) is an Italian former road racing cyclist.	Michele Dancelli	8 May 1942
date of birth	Peter Riederer (born 21 March 1942) is a German neuroscientist with several thousands of citations and around 950 scientific writings.	Peter Riederer	1942
date of birth	Viktor Kovalev (25 August 1980) is a retired Kazakhstani professional footballer.	Viktor Kovalev	25 August 1980
date of birth	Florena Budwin (born circa 1844, died January 25, 1865) was an alleged Union Army soldier from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who enlisted with her husband in the Civil War in order to stay with him and died of complications of pneumonia.	Florena Budwin	1844
date of birth	Joshua Major (1786--1866) was an English landscape gardener and designer, born on 28 August 1786 in Owston, near Doncaster in South Yorkshire.	Joshua Major	1786
date of birth	Mei Matsuoka (born 27 March 1981) is a Japanese-English children's illustrator and author.	Mei Matsuoka	27 March 1981
date of birth	Jayden Sawyer (born 26 September 1993) is an Australian para athlete who competes mainly in the F38 category in throwing events.	Jayden Sawyer	26 September 1993
date of birth	Phan Thị Hà Thanh (born 16 October 1991) is a Vietnamese artistic gymnast from Hải Phòng.	Phan Thị Hà Thanh	16 October 1991
date of birth	Jim McAllester (born 16 April 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon, Footscray and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim McAllester	16 April 1959
date of birth	Steff Gaulter (born 1976 in Sway, Hampshire) is an English weather forecaster for Al Jazeera English.	Steff Gaulter	1976
date of birth	Hasan Lika (born 1 January 1960 in Tiranë) is an Albanian football coach and former player, who the current manager of Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga.	Hasan Lika	1 January 1960
date of birth	Chihchun Chi-sun Lee (Chinese: 李志純; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lí Chì-sûn; Pinyin: Li Zhìchún, born 1970) is a composer of contemporary classical music.	Chihchun Chi-sun Lee	1970
date of birth	Julián Montenegro (born 23 March 1989), is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Farense on loan from Boavista in Portugal.	Julián Montenegro	23 March 1989
date of birth	Guja Rukhaia (Georgian: გუჯა რუხაია; Russian: Гуджа Георгиевич Рухаиа; born 22 July 1987) is a Russian professional football player of Georgian descent.	Guja Rukhaia	22 July 1987
date of birth	Percy Newton (January 1904 -- October 1993) was an English footballer.	Percy Newton	January 1904
date of birth	Alastair Wilson (Born 19 December 1983, in Sheffield) is a British field hockey player, he has competed in the European championship, as well as in the World Championship and in the 2008 and 2012 Olympics.	Alastair Wilson	19 December 1983
date of birth	Gavin Friday (born Fionán Martin Hanvey, 8 October 1959) is an Irish singer and songwriter, composer, actor and painter.	Gavin Friday	8 October 1959
date of birth	Chris Riddell (born 13 April 1962) is a British illustrator and occasional writer of children's books and a political cartoonist for The Observer.	Chris Riddell	13 April 1962
date of birth	R. Sreelekha (born 25 December 1960) is an officer in the Indian Police Service and the first Lady officer of the IPS from Kerala.	R. Sreelekha	25 December 1960
date of birth	Xiang Hantian (Chinese: 向汉天; born 21 November 1995 in Guizhou) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Guizhou Renhe.	Xiang Hantian	21 November 1995
date of birth	Joachim Boldsen (born 30 April 1978) is a Danish former team handball player.	Joachim Boldsen	30 April 1978
date of birth	Aleksandar Jablanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Јаблановић; Albanian: Aleksandër Jabllanoviq; born 25 September 1980) is a Kosovo Serb politician, and the Minister of Communities and Returns in the Republic of Kosovo from 9 December 2014, until 3 February 2015.	Aleksandar Jablanović	25 September 1980
date of birth	Johnny Clifford (1934--2007) was an Irish hurling manager and player.	Johnny Clifford	1934
date of birth	Sofia Anna Czarnkowska (also called Zofia Czarnkowska Opalińska or Catherine-Sophie-Anne Czarnkowska) (12 March 1660 -- 2 December 1701) was the daughter of Adam Uriel Czarnkowski and Theresa Zaleska.	Zofia Czarnkowska Opalińska	12 March 1660
date of birth	Anatole Taubman (born 23 December 1970) is a Swiss actor, who has appeared in many films, such as a henchman in the James Bond movie Quantum of Solace, Stanislav Turgin in the film The Transporter:	Anatole Taubman	23 December 1970
date of birth	Sylvia Scribner (1923 -- July 20, 1991) was an American psychologist and educational researcher who focused on the role of culture in literacy and learning.	Sylvia Scribner	1923
date of birth	Carol Mendelsohn (born 1951) is a TV writer, notable for her work on the crime drama CSI:	Carol Mendelsohn	1951
date of birth	Hans Økland (19 August 1918 -- 23 April 2010) was a Norwegian meteorologist and geophysicist.	Hans Økland	19 August 1918
date of birth	Luis de Valdivia (1560 -- November 5, 1642) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary who defended the rights of the natives of Chile and pleaded for the reduction of the hostilities with the Mapuches in the Arauco War.	Luis de Valdivia	1560
date of birth	Adam Schubert (born 12 January 1985) is a former Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Sydney Roosters of the National Rugby League.	Adam Schubert	12 January 1985
date of birth	Sidse Babett Knudsen (Danish pronunciation: (ˈsisə b̥ab̥ɛd̥ ˈkʰnusn̩); born 22 November 1968) is a Danish actress who works in theatre, television, and film.	Sidse Babett Knudsen	22 November 1968
date of birth	Jennifer Marohasy (born 1963) is an Australian biologist, columnist and blogger.	Jennifer Marohasy	1963
date of birth	Napoleon Cybulski (13 September 1854 -- 26 April 1919) was a Polish physiologist and a pioneer of endocrinology and electroencephalography.	Napoleon Cybulski	13 September 1854
date of birth	Vinayak Pandurang Karmarkar (Marathi: विनायक पांडुरंग करमरकर) (1891--1987) was an Indian artist, famous for his sculptures.	Vinayak Pandurang Karmarkar	1891
date of birth	Vahe Enfiajyan (Armenian: Վահէ Էնֆիաջյան) (born 24 December 1978) is a Prosperous Armenia Party member of the National Assembly of Armenia, elected in 2009.	Vahe Enfiajyan	24 December 1978
date of birth	Kitti Becséri (born 8 January 1993 in Székesfehérvár) is a Hungarian handballer who currently plays for Fehérvár KC.	Kitti Becséri	8 January 1993
date of birth	Leila Mills (born 1959) is a Superior Court Judge in Kitsap County, Washington.	Leila Mills	1959
date of birth	Callum Hunter-Hill (born 27 February 1997 in Melrose, Scotland) is a Scottish rugby union player who is part of the BT Sport Glasgow & The West Academy training for the Lock position and assigned to Glasgow Warriors.	Callum Hunter-Hill	27 February 1997
date of birth	Robert Kilgour (1714--1790) was a minister who served in the Scottish Episcopal Church as Bishop of Aberdeen from 1768 to 1786 and Primus of the Scottish Episcopal Church from 1782 to 1788.	Robert Kilgour	1714
date of birth	David Braham (1834 -- April 11, 1905) was a London-born musical theatre composer most famous for his work with Edward Harrigan and Tony Hart.	David Braham	1834
date of birth	Luitgarde of Vermandois (c. 914 -- February 9, 978) was a French noblewoman.	Luitgarde of Vermandois	914
date of birth	Arthur T. Gregorian, (1909 -- January 14, 2003), was a Greater Boston oriental rug dealer and author of books on oriental rugs, and considered to be the world's leading collector of rare, inscribed Armenian rugs.	Arthur T. Gregorian	1909
date of birth	Yahya Golmohammadi (Persian: يحيى گل محمدى‎‎, born 19 March 1971) is an Iranian former footballer and coach who is the current head coach of Zob Ahan.	Yahya Golmohammadi	19 March 1971
date of birth	Maciej Dakowicz (born 20 November 1976) is a Polish street photographer, photojournalist and gallerist.	Maciej Dakowicz	20 November 1976
date of birth	Brother Athanase-Emile (1880-1952) was born in 1880 as Louis-Arthur Ritman to a French-speaking family in Lorraine, which was, at the time, annexed by Germany.	Brother Athanase-Emile	1880
date of birth	Eli Finish (Hebrew: אלי פיניש‎, born 17 July 1975) is an Israeli actor and comedian.	Eli Finish	17 July 1975
date of birth	Roland Omnès (18 February 1931) is the author of several books which aim to close the gap between our common sense experience of the classical world and the complex, formal mathematics which is now required to accurately describe reality at its most fundamental level.	Roland Omnès	18 February 1931
date of birth	Mathias Ntawulikura (born 14 July 1964 in Gisovu/Kibuye) is a retired Rwandan long-distance runner.	Mathias Ntawulikura	14 July 1964
date of birth	Edgar M. Levy (1822--1906) was a Baptist minister who was influential in the 19th-century American holiness movement.	Edgar M. Levy	1822
date of birth	Carl Pettersson (born 29 August 1977) is a Swedish professional golfer who is a member of the PGA Tour.	Carl Pettersson	29 August 1977
date of birth	Harry Dern (10 May 1929 -- 24 January 2009) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Dern	10 May 1929
date of birth	Len Rawle, MBE, (born 1938 in Tonypandy) is a Welsh organ builder and organist.	Len Rawle	1938
date of birth	Gottfried Hensel (1687--1765) was a German linguist, working in comparative linguistics.	Gottfried Hensel	1687
date of birth	Daniel James Brown (born 1951) is an American author of narrative nonfiction books.	Daniel James Brown	1951
date of birth	Renáta Göncz (born 16 May 1991) is a Hungarian lyric soprano, opera singer, founding member of the Moltopera Company, and regular partner of Kayamar.	Renáta Göncz	16 May 1991
date of birth	Adrian Lee (born 9 September 1957, London, England) is an English musician, known especially for his brass instrumentation work with several well-known acts of the 1980s.	Adrian Lee	9 September 1957
date of birth	Lu Tin (လူတင်, pronounced: (lù tɪ̀ɴ); born 1930) is a Burmese watercolor artist.	Lu Tin	1930
date of birth	Outhine Bounyavong (Lao: ອຸທິນ ບຸນຍາວົງ ʻUthin Bunyāvong, 1942--2000) was a Laotian writer, known especially for works of contemporary fiction.	Outhine Bounyavong	1942
date of birth	Rizal Mallarangeng (born Makassar, South Sulawesi; 29 October 1964) is an Indonesian socialite and the second of three brothers.	Rizal Mallarangeng	29 October 1964
date of birth	Carlotta Truman (born 19 October 1999) is a German singer, songwriter and a finalist in season 3 of Das Supertalent 2009.	Carlotta Truman	19 October 1999
date of birth	Jan van den Hecke or Jan van den Hecke I or Jan van den Hecke the Elder (1620--1684) was a Flemish Baroque painter, draughtsman, printmaker and engraver mainly known for his still lifes, landscapes and battle scenes.	Jan van den Hecke	1620
date of birth	Thomas Frederick de Pledge (1867--1954) was an Australian pioneer and pastoralist.	Thomas Frederick de Pledge	1867
date of birth	Jay Friedman (born April 11, 1939) is the principal trombonist for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.	Jay Friedman	1939
date of birth	Paul Stumme-Diers (born 1960) was a bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA) Greater Milwaukee Synod.	Paul Stumme-Diers	1960
date of birth	Robert James Glendinning (born 1 September 1938), known as Robin Glendinning, is a Northern Irish playwright and former politician.	Robin Glendinning	1 September 1938
date of birth	Muhamed Haneef (born 29 September 1979) is an Indian born doctor who was falsely accused of aiding terrorists, and left Australia upon cancellation of his visa amid great political controversy.	Muhamed Haneef	29 September 1979
date of birth	Tuva Moa Matilda Karolina Novotny Hedström (born 21 December 1979), simply known as Tuva Novotny, is a Swedish actress and singer.	Tuva Novotny	21 December 1979
date of birth	Jac Jones (born 1 March 1943) is a Welsh children's book illustrator.	Jac Jones	1 March 1943
date of birth	Nahit Menteşe (born 1932, Milas) is a Turkish politician who served in various ministerial posts in the 1960s and 1970s, and again in the 1990s, including Minister of Interior 1993 to 1996.	Nahit Menteşe	1932
date of birth	Joe Gooch (born 3 May 1977) was Ten Years After's most recent lead vocalist and lead guitarist.	Joe Gooch	3 May 1977
date of birth	Paul Mangwana (born 10 August 1961) is a Zimbabwean politician, currently serving as Minister of Indigenisation and Empowerment.	Paul Mangwana	10 August 1961
date of birth	Helen Schulman is an American novelist, short story, non-fiction, and screenwriter born in April 1961.	Helen Schulman	April 1961
date of birth	Mohammed Valli Moosa (born 8 February 1957 in Johannesburg) is a South African politician who was active in the United Democratic Front.	Mohammed Valli Moosa	8 February 1957
date of birth	Hilary Bonner (born 1949) is an English crime novelist, best known for her psychological thrillers.	Hilary Bonner	1949
date of birth	Pierre Selderslagh (born 14 November 1872, date of death unknown) was a Belgian fencer.	Pierre Selderslagh	14 November 1872
date of birth	Roger Cunliffe, 3rd Baron Cunliffe (born 12 January 1932) is a retired architect and consulting project manager.	Roger Cunliffe, 3rd Baron Cunliffe	12 January 1932
date of birth	Chen Lili (or Lili Chen,simplified Chinese: 陈莉莉; traditional Chinese: 陳莉莉; pinyin: Chén Lìlì; born February, 1980) is a transgender singer, model, and actress from People's Republic of China .	Chen Lili	February, 1980
date of birth	Lara Schnitger (born 1969 in Haarlem, Netherlands) is a Dutch-American sculptor, living and working in Los Angeles and Amsterdam.	Lara Schnitger	1969
date of birth	Egidia de Lacy, Lady of Connacht (born c. 1205), was a Cambro-Norman noblewoman, the wife of Richard Mór de Burgh, 1st Baron of Connaught and Strathearn (c.1194--1242), and the mother of his seven children, including Walter de Burgh, 1st Earl of Ulster.	Egidia de Lacy, Lady of Connacht	1205
date of birth	Philip Egan (born 14 November 1955) is the eighth Bishop of Portsmouth.	Philip Egan	14 November 1955
date of birth	Lambertus Neher (13 September 1889, Amsterdam -- 22 August 1967, Voorst) was a Dutch politician and businessman.	Lambertus Neher	13 September 1889
date of birth	Mário Pires (born 1949?) is a Guinea-Bissau politician who was Prime Minister from 2002 to 2003.	Mário Pires	1949
date of birth	Rachel Henderson (born 8 September 1992) is an Australian goalball player and is classified as a B2 competitor.	Rachel Henderson	8 September 1992
date of birth	Roger A. Sedjo (born 1939) is an economist and senior fellow and director of Resources for the Future.	Roger A. Sedjo	1939
date of birth	Maurizio Ponzi (born 8 May 1939) is an Italian film director, screenwriter and cinema critic.	Maurizio Ponzi	8 May 1939
date of birth	Marlon Campbell (born 20 June 1983) is a Montserratian international footballer who plays for English club Bethnal Green United, as a striker.	Marlon Campbell	20 June 1983
date of birth	Matthias Zündt (sometimes Zynndt; 1498--1586) was a German engraver, born at Nuremberg.	Matthias Zündt	1498
date of birth	Nalini Jaywant (18 February 1926 -- 20 December 2010) was an Indian movie actress from Bollywood in the 1940s and 1950s.	Nalini Jaywant	18 February 1926
date of birth	Oleg Strizhakov (Russian: Олег Стрижаков; born 18 July 1963 in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR) is a retired Russian long-distance runner.	Oleg Strizhakov	18 July 1963
date of birth	Born in St. Laurence Pountney Hill in the City of London on 25 July 1812, he was the eldest son of the surveyor and architect Edward I'Anson (1775-1853).	Edward I'Anson	25 July 1812
date of birth	Johan Brisinger (born 4 October 1965, Stockholm) is a film writer and director.	Johan Brisinger	4 October 1965
date of birth	Joaquim Gomis Serdañons (Barcelona 1902 - 1991) was a Catalan photographer, collector, entrepreneur, and promoter of the arts.	Joaquim Gomis	1902
date of birth	Feng Renliang (simplified Chinese: 冯仁亮; traditional Chinese: 馮仁亮; pinyin: Féng Rénliàng; born 12 May 1988) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for China League One side Beijing Renhe.	Feng Renliang	12 May 1988
date of birth	William Marlowe (25 July 1930 -- 31 January 2003) was a British theatre, television and film actor.	William Marlowe	25 July 1930
date of birth	Basil Feilding, 2nd Earl of Denbigh (c. 1608 -- 28 November 1675) was the eldest son of William Feilding, 1st Earl of Denbigh.	Basil Feilding, 2nd Earl of Denbigh	1608
date of birth	Helen Don-Duncan (born 9 June 1981) is an English former competitive swimmer and backstroke specialist who represented Great Britain in the Olympics, FINA world championships, and European championships, and swam for England in the Commonwealth Games.	Helen Don-Duncan	9 June 1981
date of birth	Brian O'Nolan (Irish: Brian Ó Nualláin; 5 October 1911 -- 1 April 1966) was an Irish novelist, playwright and satirist, considered a major figure in twentieth century Irish literature.	Brian O'Nolan	5 October 1911
date of birth	Dai Lin (Chinese: 戴琳; pinyin: Dài Lín; born 28 November 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.	Dai Lin	28 November 1987
date of birth	Mac Adams (born in 1943 in Brynmawr, South Wales, UK) is a British artist.	Mac Adams	1943
date of birth	Sir Anthony Ashley, 1st Baronet, PC (1551 -- 13 January 1628) was Clerk of the Privy Council, which was the most senior civil servant in the Privy Council Office.	Sir Anthony Ashley, 1st Baronet	1551
date of birth	Vasyl Lazarovych (Ukrainian: Василь Лазарович) (born 5 August 1981) is a Ukrainian singer and performer.	Vasyl Lazarovych	5 August 1981
date of birth	Robert Orrin Tucker (17 February 1911 -- 9 April 2011) was an American bandleader born in St. Louis, Missouri, whose theme song was ``Drifting and Dreaming''.	Orrin Tucker	17 February 1911
date of birth	Ambrose Arthur Samson (1897 -- after 1922) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham.	Arthur Samson	1897
date of birth	Im Gwang (1579--1644) was a scholar-official of the Joseon Dynasty Korea.	Im Gwang	1579
date of birth	Luigi Zenobi (1547 or 1548 -- after 1602), also known as Luigi del Cornetto, was a virtuoso cornett player.	Luigi Zenobi	1547
date of birth	Nesim Özgür or Nesim Neshadov (Bulgarian: Несим Нешадов) (born 8 June 1973 in Kardzhali, Bulgaria) is a former Turkish-Bulgarian footballer.	Nesim Özgür	8 June 1973
date of birth	Kai Bird (born September 2, 1951) is an American Pulitzer Prize-winning author and columnist, best known for his biographies of political figures.	Kai Bird	1951
date of birth	Archibald Hubbard (7 February 1883 -- 1967, alternatively known as Archie Hubbard or Ranji Hubbard) was an English association footballer.	Archie Hubbard	7 February 1883
date of birth	Harrell Fletcher (*1967) is an American artist living in Portland, Oregon and a key figure in the development of ``Social Practice'' and relational art in the US.	Harrell Fletcher	1967
date of birth	Terence Judd (3 October 1957 -- between 16 and 23 December 1979) was a distinguished English pianist who died young, poised on the verge of a musical career.	Terence Judd	3 October 1957
date of birth	Jean-Marie Guéhenno (born 30 October 1949 in Paris) is a former French diplomat.	Jean-Marie Guéhenno	30 October 1949
date of birth	Claudio Bisio (Italian pronunciation: (ˈklaudjo ˈbiːzjo); born 19 March 1957) is an Italian actor, presenter, voice actor, comedian and writer.	Claudio Bisio	19 March 1957
date of birth	John Tams (born 16 February 1949) is an English actor, singer, songwriter, composer and musician.	John Tams	16 February 1949
date of birth	Angelo Portelli, O.P. was born Francis Saviour Portelli on 24 April 1852, to Francis and Mary Vella in Valletta.	Angelo Portelli	24 April 1852
date of birth	Ahcene Zemiri (born 1967), also known as Hassan Zumiri, is an Algerian citizen who was for seven years a legal resident of Canada, where he lived in Montreal.	Ahcene Zemiri	1967
date of birth	Francis Vidil (born 1961), is a French classical musician, performer and music professor.	Francis Vidil	1961
date of birth	Danny Howard (born 14 July 1987) is a British dance music DJ, producer, and BBC Radio 1 host.	Danny Howard	14 July 1987
date of birth	Stjepko Gut (also known as Stepko, Steve Gut, born 15 December 1950 in Ruma) is a Belgrade-based jazz musician.	Stjepko Gut	15 December 1950
date of birth	Savvas Exouzidis (born 4 December 1981) is a Greek footballer who plays for FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League as a center back.	Savvas Exouzidis	4 December 1981
date of birth	Neyyire Neyir, née Münire Eyüp, (1902 -- February 13, 1943), aka Münire Eyüp Ertuğrul, was a Turkish stage and movie actress as well as an art writer.	Neyyire Neyir	1902
date of birth	Leslie What (born Leslie Nelson, 1955) is a writer of fantasy and literary fiction and nonfiction.	Leslie What	1955
date of birth	Adel Iskandar (aka Adel Iskandar Farag) (born 15 March 1977) is a British-born Middle East media scholar, postcolonial theorist, analyst, and academic.	Adel Iskandar	15 March 1977
date of birth	Željko Ivezić (born 1965) is a Croatian-American astrophysicist.	Željko Ivezić	1965
date of birth	Nancy Agage (Arabic: نانسي عجاج‎, born 2 March 1979) is a Sudanese singer.	Nancy Agag	2 March 1979
date of birth	Germán Magariños (born 13 May 1978) is an Argentine film director, film producer, screenwriter, bassist and sometimes actor.	Germán Magariños	13 May 1978
date of birth	Valegro (born 2002) is a horse ridden by the British equestrian Charlotte Dujardin in the sport of dressage.	Valegro	2002
date of birth	Charles Shattuck Hill, C.E. (1868--after 1909) was an American civil engineer, author and editor, born at Fairfield, Vermont.	Charles Shattuck Hill	1868
date of birth	Lucille Watahomigie (born 1945 in Valentine, Arizona) is a Hualapai educator and linguist and native speaker of the Hualapai language.	Lucille Watahomigie	1945
date of birth	Viola Richard, (26 January 1904 -- 28 December 1973), was an American actress who appeared in several silent short comedies at the Hal Roach Studios opposite Laurel and Hardy, Charley Chase and Max Davidson in the 1920s.	Viola Richard	26 January 1904
date of birth	According to certain historical records, Che Siti Wan Kembang was born in 1585.	Siti Wan Kembang	1585
date of birth	John Atlantic Stephenson (born 18 June 1829) was a Tyneside businessman and poet and amateur artist in the latter half of the 19th century.	John Atlantic Stephenson	18 June 1829
date of birth	Kevin Van Melsen (born 1 April 1987) is a Belgian racing cyclist riding for Wanty-Groupe Gobert.	Kevin Van Melsen	1 April 1987
date of birth	Alexandros Chalkokondylis (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Χαλκοκονδύλης, born 1880, date of death unknown) was a Greek athlete.	Alexandros Chalkokondylis	1880
date of birth	Jamala al-Baidhani (1977-December 15, 2012) was a Yemeni activist who supported civil rights for women and the disabled.	Jamala al-Baidhani	1977
date of birth	Scott Seligman (born 1951) is an American real estate developer, the founder of the Sterling Bank and Trust FSB, and minority owner of the San Francisco Giants major league baseball team.	Scott Seligman	1951
date of birth	Luluk Purwanto or Purwanto (born 25 June 1959) is an Indonesian jazz violinist who extends the violin's sound with her voice.	Luluk Purwanto	25 June 1959
date of birth	Roy Scammell (born 18 July 1932, Kingsbury, Middlesex, England) is a British stunt actor.	Roy Scammell	18 July 1932
date of birth	Kristan Kennedy (b. 1972, New York City) is an artist, curator, and educator in Portland, Oregon who has exhibited internationally.	Kristan Kennedy	1972
date of birth	Rosa María Avilés Nájera (born 31 March 1951) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Convergence (formerly to the Party of the Democratic Revolution).	Rosa María Avilés Nájera	31 March 1951
date of birth	Enrique González Pedrero (born 1930) is a Mexican politician, diplomat and writer.	Enrique González Pedrero	1930
date of birth	John Kennedy O'Connor (born 1964) is a television and radio broadcaster, author and entertainment commentator, who was born in North London and is based in the United States.	John Kennedy O'Connor	1964
date of birth	Anna Arina Marenko (Анна Арина Маренко; born 2 January 1992) is a junior Russian tennis player.	Anna Arina Marenko	2 January 1992
date of birth	Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi (Hungarian: Csíkszentmihályi Mihály, pronounced (ˈt͡ʃiːksɛntmihaːji ˈmihaːj); born 29 September 1934) is a Hungarian psychologist.	Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi	29 September 1934
date of birth	Bernard de Winter (31 July 1924 Pretoria) is a South African botanist who from 1973 was Director of the Botanical Research Institute, which later became the National Botanical Institute and then the South African National Biodiversity Institute.	Bernard de Winter	31 July 1924
date of birth	Arnoldo Martínez Verdugo (12 January 1925 - 24 May 2013) was a Mexican socialist politician and democracy activist.	Arnoldo Martínez Verdugo	12 January 1925
date of birth	Whitey McDonald (11 August 1902 -- 7 June 1956) was a Canadian soccer player who earned two caps with Ireland.	Whitey McDonald	11 August 1902
date of birth	Jenny Galloway (born 1949) is a British actress, and singer best known for her stage career.	Jenny Galloway	1949
date of birth	Pandit Raghunandan Panshikar (born 1963) is a Hindustani classical vocalist.	Raghunandan Panshikar	1963
date of birth	Shi Jinbo (Chinese: 史金波) (born 3 March 1940) is a Chinese linguist and Tangutologist.	Shi Jinbo	3 March 1940
date of birth	Henry Pieper (born 1918) was a longtime Pittsburgh Police leader, who served as Acting Pittsburgh Police Chief from August 11, 1952-August 13, 1952.	Henry Pieper	1918
date of birth	Count Alexander Konstantinovich Benckendorff (Russian: Александр Константинович Бенкендорф) (1 August 1849 -- 11 January 1917) was a Russian diplomat, who served as ambassador to Denmark and the United Kingdom.	Alexander Konstantinovich Benckendorff	1 August 1849
date of birth	Filipi de Souza Barros (born 27 July 1987), known as Filipi Souza or simply Filipi, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for ABC on loan from São Carlos FC.	Filipi de Souza Barros	27 July 1987
date of birth	Amalia Aurora Adelaïde Leuhusen, née Valerius (1 December 1828 -- 1923), was a Swedish baroness, painter and concert singer.	Adelaïde Leuhusen	1 December 1828
date of birth	Maura Visser (born 1 June 1985 in The Hague) is a Dutch handballer who plays as a middle back for SG BBM Bietigheim.	Maura Visser	1 June 1985
date of birth	Lavina Fielding Anderson (born 1944) is a Latter Day Saint scholar, writer, editor, and feminist.	Lavina Fielding Anderson	1944
date of birth	Khalid Radhy (Arabic: خالد راضي‎) (born 1981) is a Saudi Arabian footballer.	Khalid Radhy	1981
date of birth	Stephen Aldrich (b. 1941 (age 73--74)) is an American judge in Hennepin County, Minnesota.	Stephen Aldrich	1941
date of birth	Nangolo Mbumba (born 15 August 1941) is a Namibian politician and educator.	Nangolo Mbumba	15 August 1941
date of birth	Aditya Dhar (born New Delhi, 12 March 1983) is an Indian lyricist, dialogue writer, film director, and playback singer.	Aditya Dhar	12 March 1983
date of birth	Frank Worth (1923 - 2000) was an American photographer who befriended and photographed many Hollywood actors and actresses between 1939 and 1964.	Frank Worth	1923
date of birth	Igor Olenicoff (born 1943) is an American billionaire and real estate developer.	Igor Olenicoff	1943
date of birth	Ashley Brown (born 3 February 1982) is an actress who is best known for playing the title character in the United States national tour and Broadway productions of Mary Poppins.	Ashley Brown	3 February 1982
date of birth	Gabriela Maria Zanotti Demoner (born 28 February 1985), commonly known as Gabi Zanotti or simply Gabi, is a Brazilian football player for Centro Olímpico and the Brazilian national team.	Gabi Zanotti	28 February 1985
date of birth	John Hedley Brooke (born 20 May 1944) is a British Historian of Science specialising in the relationship between science and religion.	John Hedley Brooke	20 May 1944
date of birth	Hans Petter Sjøli (born 16 January 1974 in Steinkjer) is a Norwegian journalist for Dagsavisen and Klassekampen and author of the book Mao, min mao.	Hans Petter Sjøli	16 January 1974
date of birth	Gianni Lenoci (born 1963) is an Italian jazz pianist and composer.	Gianni Lenoci	1963
date of birth	Jeevuba, otherwise known as Motiba, Poonamatiba (name given since she was born on Poonam), and Jaya, was born in 1785 (Samvat (calendars) year 1841).	Jeevuba	1785
date of birth	Maximilian Presnyakov (Russian: Максимильян Анатольевич Пресняков; born 30 January 1968) is a Russian artist working both in traditional and experimental styles and movements (micro etc.); member of the Russian Union of Artists (1997).	Maximilian Presnyakov	30 January 1968
date of birth	Charles Ho Tsu-kwok, GBM (Chinese: 何柱國, born 23 June 1949) is a Hong Kong pro-Beijing businessman who is the chairman of the Sing Tao News Corporation Limited and an independent non-executive director of Shun Tak Holdings.	Charles Ho	1949
date of birth	Kristen Hughes (née Heinrich; born 28 August 1979) is an Australian netball player, who played for the Adelaide Thunderbirds in the ANZ Championship in 2008.	Kristen Hughes	28 August 1979
date of birth	Sofia Schulte (born 8 April 1976) is a retired German long jumper and triple jumper.	Sofia Schulte	8 April 1976
date of birth	Hrishikesh Sulabh (born 15 February 1955) is a Hindi writer, best known for short stories and writing plays in Bideshiya shaili.	Hrishikesh Sulabh	15 February 1955
date of birth	Mariska Huisman (born 23 November 1983) is a Dutch marathon skater and speed skater.	Mariska Huisman	23 November 1983
date of birth	Niklas Rainer (born 9 May 1983) is a Swedish alpine skier and coach.	Niklas Rainer	9 May 1983
date of birth	Leopold Kober (21 September 1883 -- 6. September 1970), an influential Austrian geologist, proposed a number of (subsequently largely discredited) theories of orogeny and coined the term kraton to describe stable continental platforms.	Leopold Kober	21 September 1883
date of birth	Joan Feigenbaum (born 1958 in New York) is a theoretical computer scientist with a background in mathematics.	Joan Feigenbaum	1958
date of birth	Pino Quartullo (born 12 July 1957) is an Italian actor, director, screenwriter and playwright.	Pino Quartullo	12 July 1957
date of birth	Jeffrey W. Berger (1963 -- January 25, 2001) was an inspirational vitreoretinal surgeon and engineer.	Jeffrey W. Berger	1963
date of birth	Hassan al-Hudaybi (also Hassan al Hodeiby) (Arabic: حسن الهضيبي) (Dec 1891-Nov 11, 1973) was the second ``General Guide'', or leader, of the Muslim Brotherhood organization, appointed in 1951 after founder Hassan al-Banna's assassination two years earlier.	Hassan al-Hudaybi	1891
date of birth	Fritz Platten (8 July 1883 -- 22 April 1942) was a Swiss Communist, born in the Canton of St. Gallen to an Old Catholic family .	Fritz Platten	8 July 1883
date of birth	Father Sidney H. Griffith (born 1938) is a professor of Early Christian Studies at the Catholic University of America.	Sidney H. Griffith	1938
date of birth	José Renato da Silva Júnior commonly known as Renato (born 19 January 1990) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Fluminense.	José Renato da Silva Júnior	19 January 1990
date of birth	Jim Edmond (born 3 September 1958 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a former Australian rules footballer.	Jim Edmond	3 September 1958
date of birth	Mohamed Chande Othman (born 1 January 1952) is the Chief Justice of Tanzania.	Mohamed Chande Othman	1 January 1952
date of birth	Bassem al-Tamimi (Arabic: باسم التميمي‎, born c. 1967) is a Palestinian activist and an organizer of protests against Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank.	Bassem al-Tamimi	1967
date of birth	Espen Giljane (born 28 February 1962 in Oslo) is a Norwegian ballet teacher and dancer.	Espen Giljane	28 February 1962
date of birth	Jozef Ignác Bajza (Hungarian: Bajza József Ignác; 5 March 1755 -- 1 December 1836) was an ethnically Slovak writer, satirist and Catholic priest in the Kingdom of Hungary.	Jozef Ignác Bajza	5 March 1755
date of birth	Vijay Eswaran (born 7 October 1960) is a Malaysian businessman, currently serving as the Executive Chairman of the QI Group, headquartered in Hong Kong.	Vijay Eswaran	7 October 1960
date of birth	Rahima Moosa (14 October 1922 - 29 May 1993) was a member of the Transvaal Indian Congress and later the African National Congress.	Rahima Moosa	14 October 1922
date of birth	Frank Hall Standish, born Frank Hall (2 October 1799 -- 1840) was an English landowner and an art and book collector.	Frank Hall Standish	2 October 1799
date of birth	Manuel Manzo (born 10 February 1952) is a former Mexican football who played professionally in the Liga MX.	Manuel Manzo	10 February 1952
date of birth	Juan Pablo Suazo Euceda (born 1972 in Catacamas) is a Honduran author and agricultural engineer.	Juan Pablo Suazo Euceda	1972
date of birth	Claude Makélélé Sinda (French pronunciation: ​(klod makelele); born 18 February 1973) is a retired French footballer and current manager.	Claude Makélélé	18 February 1973
date of birth	John Erskine Clarke (1827--1920) was a British clergyman who issued the first parish magazine.	John Erskine Clarke	1827
date of birth	Annabelle Boettcher (born 1961) is a German political scientist and scholar on the Islamic world, who studied in Toulouse (France), Munich, Freiburg and Damascus (Syria).	Annabelle Boettcher	1961
date of birth	Shauna Lowry (born 6 July 1970) is a television presenter from Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Shauna Lowry	6 July 1970
date of birth	Cary Leibowitz, also sometimes known as Candy Ass (born 1963), is an American visual artist.	Cary Leibowitz	1963
date of birth	Mel Buttle (born Melinda Claire Buttle, 25 January 1982) is an Australian comedian and writer.	Mel Buttle	25 January 1982
date of birth	Sami El-Sheshini (Arabic: سامي الشيشيني‎; born 23 January 1972) is a retired Egyptian international football player.	Sami El-Sheshini	23 January 1972
date of birth	Dr Claire Duncanson (born 15 January 1974) is a lecturer at the department of Social and Political Science; at the University of Edinburgh.	Claire Duncanson	15 January 1974
date of birth	Vic Mobley (born 11 October 1943) is a former professional footballer who played for Sheffield Wednesday and Queens Park Rangers.	Vic Mobley	11 October 1943
date of birth	Ben-Zion Keshet (Hebrew: בן-ציון קשת‎, born 1914, died 8 August 1984) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gahal and Likud between 1969 and 1977.	Ben-Zion Keshet	1914
date of birth	Romano Felmang (born 1941) is an Italian artist best known for his illustrations of American comic strip characters such as The Phantom and Flash Gordon.	Romano Felmang	1941
date of birth	Brendan Halligan (born 5 July 1936) is an Irish economist, former Secretary of the Labour Party and Member of the European Parliament.	Brendan Halligan	5 July 1936
date of birth	Graeme Turner (born 1947) is an Australian professor of cultural studies at the University of Queensland, Federation Fellow, Past President of the Australian Academy of the Humanities, Director of the Centre for Critical and Cultural Studies, and Convenor of the ARC Cultural Research Network.	Graeme Turner	1947
date of birth	Isidor Kalisch (15 November 1816 -- 11 May 1886) was an American reform rabbi, and writer.	Isidor Kalisch	15 November 1816
date of birth	Vasily Borisovich Sheremetev (Russian: Василий Борисович Шереметев) (1622-1682) was a Russian military commander.	Vasily Borisovich Sheremetev	1622
date of birth	Farhad Ghaemian (Persian: فرهاد قائمیان‎, was born 1965 in Ardabil) is an Iranian theater and cinema actor.	Farhad Ghaemian	1965
date of birth	Anthony Pleeth, born in 1948 in London, is an English cellist, specialising in the historically informed performance of music of the 18th and 19th centuries on period instruments.	Anthony Pleeth	1948
date of birth	Tyna Barinaga (later Tony Barinaga; born 1946) is a former American badminton player who won national and international titles from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s.	Tyna Barinaga	1946
date of birth	Mercy Manci (born 28 September 1955 in Eastern Cape, South Africa) is a Xhosa sangoma and HIV activist from South Africa.	Mercy Manci	28 September 1955
date of birth	Ben Thackwray (born 13 May 1980 in Leeds, UK) is a record breaking British adventurer - explorer, endurance athlete, ocean rower, mountaineer, cross country skier, ultra distance runner and former semi-pro footballer.	Ben Thackwray	13 May 1980
date of birth	Iqbal Wahhab, OBE (Bengali: ইকবাল ওয়াহাব; born 22 August 1963) is a Bangladeshi-born British businessman.	Iqbal Wahhab	22 August 1963
date of birth	Alexander Klyushev (born 23 December 1983) is a Russian strongman competitor and entrant to the World's Strongest Man competition.	Alexander Klyushev	23 December 1983
date of birth	Shirley Kaneda (born 1951) is an artist, professor, and writer on art, based in New York City.	Shirley Kaneda	1951
date of birth	Ludwik Malinowski (nom de guerre Lew of Przebraze), as born in 1887 in the village of Ksawerow near Łódź, was a Polish Resistance fighter.	Ludwik Malinowski	1887
date of birth	Natalya German (Russian: Наталья Герман; born 10 November 1963) is a Ukrainian former track and field sprinter who competed for the Soviet Union.	Natalya German	10 November 1963
date of birth	Georgios Melabianakis (Greek: Γιώργος Μελαμπιανάκης; born 26 January 1981) is a Greek footballer.	Georgios Melabianakis	26 January 1981
date of birth	Elias Michael Pienaar (born 10 January 1978) is a Namibian footballer for Carara Kicks in the South African National First Division.	Michael Pienaar	10 January 1978
date of birth	Éva Novodomszky (born 19 January 1974 in Szarvas, Hungary) is a Hungarian journalist and presenter.	Éva Novodomszky	19 January 1974
date of birth	Lormong Lo (1959-2011) was the first Hmong American to be appointed to a city council in the U.S, in 1994, to manage the largest metropolitan city (Omaha--480,000 people) of a state like Nebraska.	Lormong Lo	1959
date of birth	Sir Jon Shortridge KCB (born 1947) is a British Civil Servant.	Jon Shortridge	1947
date of birth	Ed Whitaker (June 1938 -- August 22, 2014) was an American stock car team owner.	Ed Whitaker	June 1938
date of birth	Bruce Beasley (born 1939, in Los Angeles, California) is an American abstract expressionist sculptor born in Los Angeles and currently living and working in Oakland, California.	Bruce Beasley	1939
date of birth	Amy Helm (born December 3, 1970) is an American singer-songwriter and daughter of The Band drummer Levon Helm and singer Libby Titus.	Amy Helm	1970
date of birth	Mary Parent (born 1968) is an American film producer, and former studio executive.	Mary Parent	1968
date of birth	K-Tino (born 12 October 1966 as Cathérine Edoa Ngoa) is a Cameroonian singer who shot to fame in her home country with her energetic bikutsi music.	K-Tino	12 October 1966
date of birth	Benjamin Contee (1755 -- November 30, 1815) was an American Episcopal priest and statesman from Maryland.	Benjamin Contee	1755
date of birth	Ivan Joseph Jones (born November 1, 1940), known professionally as Joe Jones or Boogaloo Joe Jones, is a jazz guitarist.	Boogaloo Joe Jones	1940
date of birth	Isaac Sharpless, Sc.D., LL.D., L.H.D. (1848--1920) was an American educator, born in Chester County, Pa.	Isaac Sharpless	1848
date of birth	Herborg Kråkevik (born 28 December 1973) is a Norwegian singer and actress, known for her works with Norwegian folksongs and some stage works and many movies.	Herborg Kråkevik	28 December 1973
date of birth	Prafulla Chandra Sen (Bengali: প্রফুল্লচন্দ্র সেন, জন্ম 10 April 1897 -- 25 September 1990) was a Bengali Indian politician and freedom fighter.	Prafulla Chandra Sen	10 April 1897
date of birth	Tara Morice (born 23 June 1964) is an Australian actress, singer, and dancer.	Tara Morice	23 June 1964
date of birth	Gwenaëlle Gobé (born 1977) is an award-winning American documentary film director, illustrator, and photographer.	Gwenaëlle Gobé	1977
date of birth	Norm Byron (4 November 1897 -- 28 February 1959) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Byron	4 November 1897
date of birth	George Thompson Ruby (1841 - October 31, 1882) was a journalist, teacher, and Republican political activist.	George Thompson Ruby	1841
date of birth	John Joseph Malone was born in Inglewood, Ontario, Canada on 20 December 1894; his parents were Mary C. Wallace and Edmund J. Malone.	John Joseph Malone	20 December 1894
date of birth	Dany Bill (born 28 April 1973) is a Cameroonian former kickboxer and seven-times Muay Thai World Champion.	Dany Bill	28 April 1973
date of birth	Martin Brittain (born 29 December 1984) is an English footballer, who plays for Ashington.	Martin Brittain	29 December 1984
date of birth	Sardar Ali Takkar (Pashto: سردار علي ټکر‎, born 15 July 1956) is a Pashto music singer, who is mostly famous for singing the revolutionary poetry of Ghani Khan.	Sardar Ali Takkar	15 July 1956
date of birth	Jesse Knight (6 September 1845 -- 14 March 1921) was one of relatively few Latter-day Saint mining magnates in nineteenth century Western America.	Jesse Knight	6 September 1845
date of birth	Akhilesh Pati Tripathi was born on 20 January 1984 in Mehdawal, Sant Kabir Nagar district in the state of Uttar Pradesh.	Akhilesh Pati Tripathi	20 January 1984
date of birth	Jim Manley is an artist, born on 17 January 1934, in St Helens, Lancashire, England.	Jim Manley	1934
date of birth	Theodore Modis (born 1943) is a strategic business analyst, futurist, physicist, and international consultant.	Theodore Modis	1943
date of birth	Peta Toppano (born Peita Margaret Toppano on 8 April 1951) is an English-born Australian actress, singer and dancer who found success in Australian television.	Peta Toppano	8 April 1951
date of birth	Achutan Ramachandran Nair, popularly known as A. Ramachandran, is a renowned Indian painter, born in 1935 in Attingal, Kerala.	A. Ramachandran	1935
date of birth	Ryan Burnett (born 21 May 1992) is a professional boxer from Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Ryan Burnett	21 May 1992
date of birth	William O. Stephens (born 10 June 1962), a scholar of Stoicism, is Professor of Philosophy and Classical and Near Eastern Studies at Creighton University, Omaha, NE.	William O. Stephens	10 June 1962
date of birth	David Clewell (born 1955) is an American poet and creative writing instructor at Webster University.	David Clewell	1955
date of birth	Peter Hognestad (12 November 1866--1 September 1931) was a Norwegian Lutheran bishop, theologian, writer, and translator.	Peter Hognestad	1866
date of birth	Fred Housego (born 25 October 1944, Dundee, Scotland) is a former London taxi driver who became a television and radio personality and presenter after winning the BBC television quiz Mastermind in 1980.	Fred Housego	25 October 1944
date of birth	Judy Spreckels (née Powell, born 1933) is an American writer, publisher and trial historian.	Judy Spreckels	1933
date of birth	Ed Kavanagh (born 1954) is a Newfoundland and Labrador writer, musician, and teacher.	Ed Kavanagh	1954
date of birth	Maria Anna Fisher (1819--1911) was an African American baker, entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Maria Anna Fisher	1819
date of birth	Yu Weiguo (Chinese: 于伟国; born October 1955) is a Chinese politician who has served as Governor of Fujian Province since November 2015 (acting until January 2016).	Yu Weiguo	October 1955
date of birth	Paschalis Terzis (Greek: Πασχάλης Τερζής) (born 1949) is a popular Greek singer.	Paschalis Terzis	1949
date of birth	Zhang Dingyuan (Chinese: 张玎苑; pinyin: Zhāng Dīngyuàn) (born 1976) is a Chinese pianist.	Zhang Dingyuan	1976
date of birth	Marjorie van de Bunt (Reeuwijk, 1 July 1968) is a Dutch Paralympian athlete competing in Biathlon and Cross-country skiing events.	Marjorie van de Bunt	1 July 1968
date of birth	Julio César La Cruz Peraza (born 11 August 1989) is a Cuban amateur boxer.	Julio César La Cruz	11 August 1989
date of birth	Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Berkshire (8 October 1587 -- 16 July 1669) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1605 and 1622.	Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Berkshire	8 October 1587
date of birth	Peter E. Toschek (born 18 April 1933) is a German experimental physicist.	Peter E. Toschek	18 April 1933
date of birth	Matthieu Ory (b. at La Caune, 1492; d. at Paris, 1557) was a French Dominican theologian and Inquisitor.	Matthieu Ory	1492
date of birth	Ben Hamilton-Baillie (born 1955) is an urban designer and movement specialist, described as ``the leading international expert on the development of shared space.	Ben Hamilton-Baillie	1955
date of birth	Hanane Ouhaddou (born 1982) is a Moroccan runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Hanane Ouhaddou	1982
date of birth	David Williston (1868-1962) was the first professionally trained African American landscape architect in the United States.	David Williston	1868
date of birth	Kató Havas (born 5 November 1920) is a violinist and violin and viola teacher who developed the ``New Approach to violin playing'' to help prevent and physical injuries and eliminate stage fright related to playing the violin or viola.	Kató Havas	5 November 1920
date of birth	Shahbaz Butt (born 14 April 1980) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who played for Lahore cricket team.	Shahbaz Butt	14 April 1980
date of birth	Christian Lyte (born 1 March 1989, Manchester) is a Barbadon, English born competitive cyclist, specialising in track sprinting.	Christian Lyte	1 March 1989
date of birth	Mayeus Lafleur (born in Mamou, Louisiana in 1906) was one of the earliest musicians to record Cajun music.	Mayeus Lafleur	1906
date of birth	Dr. Ulrich Cartellieri (born 21 September 1937) is a German businessman, a non-executive director of BAE Systems from 1999 to 2007, a member of the Supervisory Board of Robert Bosch GmbH and a member of the International Advisory Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.	Ulrich Cartellieri	21 September 1937
date of birth	P. K. Narayanan Nambiar was born in Killikurissimangalam, in Palakkad, Kerala famous koodiyattom maestro Mani Madhava Chakiar and Kochampilli Kunjimalu Nangiaramma, a known Nangiarkoothu artist in 1927.	P. K. Narayanan Nambiar	1927
date of birth	Joost Smiers (born 1943, Amsterdam) is a Dutch political scientist, best known as an opponent of copyright.	Joost Smiers	1943
date of birth	Sir James Broadwood Lyall (1838--1916) KCSI, GCIE.	James Broadwood Lyall	1838
date of birth	Tan Benhong (Chinese: 谭本宏; born May 1957) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Tan Benhong	May 1957
date of birth	Peter James Hoffer (born 1965) is an artist from Ontario, Canada, now lives in Berlin, Germany.	Peter James Hoffer	1965
date of birth	Avanti Marianne Page (born in 1990) is a Sri Lankan lawyer, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Sri Lanka 2014 and competed at Miss Universe 2014 but unplaced.	Avanti Marianne	1990
date of birth	Scott Wynd (born 25 January 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League, playing with Footscray.	Scott Wynd	25 January 1970
date of birth	Staffan I. Lindberg (born 1969), is a Swedish political scientist.	Staffan I. Lindberg	1969
date of birth	Lothar Hempel (born 1966 in Cologne) is a German artist based in Berlin.	Lothar Hempel	1966
date of birth	Sakine Cansız (Turkish pronunciation: (saːciˈne dʒanˈsɯz); Kurdish: Sakîne Cansiz‎, IPA: (sækiːnɛ dʒænsɪs); 1958 -- 9 January 2013) was one of the co-founders of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (or PKK).	Sakine Cansız	1958
date of birth	Ivan Babaryka (Ukrainian: Іван Бабарика; born 11 November 1982) is a Ukrainian long distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Ivan Babaryka	11 November 1982
date of birth	Arthur Siskind (born 11 October 1938) is a lawyer and businessperson.	Arthur Siskind	11 October 1938
date of birth	Dr. Kunwar Bechain (born 1 July 1942) is a Hindi poet of India.	Kunwar Bechain	1 July 1942
date of birth	Jarlesson Inácio Júnior (born 22 February 1990), commonly known as Juninho Potiguar is a Brazilian footballer, who plays for Al Shabab Dubai.	Juninho Potiguar	22 February 1990
date of birth	Klaus-Jürgen Deuser (born 28 May 1962) is a German presenter and comedian.	Klaus-Jürgen Deuser	28 May 1962
date of birth	Yigal Carmon (Hebrew יגאל כרמון) (born 1946) is the president and cofounder of the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), an organization which monitors and translates Arabic and Persian publications; radio and TV broadcasts; and religious sermons into many languages and circulates them over the Internet.	Yigal Carmon	1946
date of birth	Spike Heatley (born 17 February 1933) is a British jazz bassist.	Spike Heatley	17 February 1933
date of birth	Kim Joo-won (Hangul, 김주원; born 1978) is a South Korean prima ballerina who has danced for 15 years with the Korean National Ballet (KNB).	Kim Joo-won	1978
date of birth	Mattia Notari (born 20 May 1979) is an Italian football player who plays as a centre back.	Mattia Notari	20 May 1979
date of birth	Wendy Padbury (born 7 December 1947) is a British actress who appeared in a number of popular television series, and is probably best remembered as a companion to Doctor Who during the Patrick Troughton era.	Wendy Padbury	7 December 1947
date of birth	Morten P. Meldal (born 1954 in Denmark) is a Danish chemist.	Morten P. Meldal	1954
date of birth	Abraham Raimbach (16 February 1776 in London -- 17 January 1843), was an English line-engraver of Swiss descent.	Abraham Raimbach	16 February 1776
date of birth	Simone Moro (born 27 October 1967) is an Italian alpinist.	Simone Moro	27 October 1967
date of birth	Farid Esack (born 1959 in Wynberg, Cape Town) is a South African Muslim scholar, writer, and political activist known for his opposition to apartheid, his appointment by Nelson Mandela as a gender equity commissioner, and his work for inter-religious dialogue.	Farid Esack	1959
date of birth	Marius Goring, CBE (23 May 1912 -- 30 September 1998) was an English stage and film actor.	Marius Goring	23 May 1912
date of birth	Ladislav Prášil (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlaɟɪslaf ˈpraːʃɪl)) (born 17 May 1990) is a Czech shot putter.	Ladislav Prášil	17 May 1990
date of birth	Mark Schweizer (born 1956) is an American musician, composer, writer, and music professor.	Mark Schweizer	1956
date of birth	Kyros Vassaras (born 1 February 1966) is a Greek former professional football referee.	Kyros Vassaras	1 February 1966
date of birth	Tom Naegels (born 14 October 1975, Antwerp) is a Belgian author and journalist.	Tom Naegels	14 October 1975
date of birth	Bernard Holland (born 1933) is an American music critic.	Bernard Holland	1933
date of birth	Steven Dietz (born 23 June 1958, Denver, Colorado) is an American playwright whose thirty-plus plays have been widely produced in the U.S. and internationally.	Steven Dietz	23 June 1958
date of birth	Kwon Jip (Hangul: 권집; born 13 February 1984) is a South Korean footballer.	Kwon Jip	13 February 1984
date of birth	Aleksandar Boljević (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Александар Бољевић; born 12 December 1995) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a winger for Eredivisie side PSV.	Aleksandar Boljević	12 December 1995
date of birth	Piers Faccini (born Piers Damian G. Faccini; 1970) is an English singer, painter and songwriter.	Piers Faccini	1970
date of death	Munir Ahmad Khan (Urdu: منير احمد خان‎; b. 20 May 1926 -- 22 April 1999; NI HI), was a Pakistani nuclear engineer and a nuclear physicist, who served as the chairman of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) from 1972 to 1991.	Munir Ahmad Khan	22 April 1999
date of death	Joseph Greenhill (1704--1788) was an English theological writer.	Joseph Greenhill	1788
date of death	Alfredo Eduardo Barreto de Freitas Noronha, better known as Noronha (25 September 1918 -- 27 July 2003), was a Brazilian football player.	Alfredo Eduardo Barreto de Freitas Noronha	27 July 2003
date of death	Pura Belpré (1899--1982) was the first Puerto Rican librarian in New York City.	Pura Belpré	1982
date of death	Andrew Leete Stone (b. Nov. 25, 1815; d. Jan. 16, 1892) was an author, Civil War chaplain and pastor of Park Street Church in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.	Andrew Leete Stone	1892
date of death	Leo Willis (5 January 1890 -- 10 April 1952) was an American actor who began his career in the silent era.	Leo Willis	10 April 1952
date of death	Enni Ben'en (圓爾辯圓; Chinese Yuan'er Bianyuan; 1202--1280) was a Japanese Buddhist monk.	Enni	1280
date of death	Harriet Hallowell (1873--1943) was an expatriate American artist who lived in France for fifty years.	Harriet Hallowell	1943
date of death	James Desmond Buckle (29 March 1910 -- 25 October 1964) was a political activist and journalist born in the British colony of the Gold Coast (present-day Ghana).	Desmond Buckle	1964
date of death	James Tilghman (1716--1793) was a prominent lawyer and public servant in colonial Maryland and Pennsylvania.	James Tilghman	1793
date of death	Clemente Domínguez y Gómez (23 May 1946 -- 22 March 2005) was a self-proclaimed successor of Pope Paul VI, and was recognised as Pope Gregory XVII by supporters of the Palmarian Catholic Church breakway movement in 1978.	Clemente Domínguez y Gómez	22 March 2005
date of death	Hans von Koessler (1 January 1853 -- 23 May 1926) was a German composer, conductor and music teacher.	Hans von Koessler	23 May 1926
date of death	John M. Darby (September 3 or September 27, 1804 -- September 18, 1877) was an American botanist, chemist, and academic.	John M. Darby	1877
date of death	Lorine Livington Pruette (1896--1977) was an American feminist, psychologist, and writer, whose ideas on women, marriage, the family, and women's role in society are often considered ahead of her time.	Lorine Livington Pruette	1977
date of death	Michel Cartry (1931--2008) was a French Africanist and anthropologist of religion.	Michel Cartry	2008
date of death	Boleslaus Goral or Bolesław Góral (March 12, 1876 -- 1960) was a Polish-American priest, professor, and newspaper editor.	Boleslaus Goral	1960
date of death	Peter Buchan (1790 -- 19 September 1854), Scottish was a Scottish editor, publisher, and collector of ballads and folktales.	Peter Buchan	19 September 1854
date of death	Karl Edvard Diriks (9 January 1855 -- 17 March 1930) was a Norwegian painter who resided in France between 1899 and 1921.	Edvard Diriks	17 March 1930
date of death	Pierre Granier (1655 -- 1715) was a proficient but minor French sculptor, trained in the excellent atelier of François Girardon who produced a generation of highly competent sculptors for the Bâtiments du Roi.	Pierre Granier	1715
date of death	Richard Beeching, Baron Beeching (21 April 1913 -- 23 March 1985), commonly known as Dr Beeching, was chairman of British Railways and a physicist and engineer.	Richard Beeching	23 March 1985
date of death	Ramon Riu i Cabanes (17 June 1852 -- 27 December 1901) was Bishop of Urgell and ex officio Co-Prince of Andorra in 1901.	Ramon Riu i Cabanes	27 December 1901
date of death	Jack Witikka (20 December 1916 -- 28 January 2002; surname until 1942 Jakobsson) was a Finnish film director and screenwriter.	Jack Witikka	28 January 2002
date of death	Jarosław of Bogoria and Skotniki (Polish: Jarosław z Bogorii i Skotnik) (ca. 1276 -- 17 September 1376) was a Polish nobleman and bishop, member of the Bogoriowie family of the Bogorya Coat of Arms.	Jarosław of Bogoria and Skotnik	17 September 1376
date of death	Gaston Salmon (5 March 1878 -- 30 April 1917) was a Belgian épée, foil, and sabre fencer.	Gaston Salmon	1917
date of death	Manjeshwar Ganapathi Rao Aigal (1881--1944) was a Historian and served as a Teacher in Bantwal, Dakshina Kannada.	Ganapathi Rao Aigal	1944
date of death	Count Christian Karl Reinhard of Leiningen-Dachsburg-Falkenburg-Heidesheim (17 July 1695, Mülheim an der Ruhr -- 17 November 1766, Heidesheim) was a German nobleman.	Christian Karl Reinhard of Leiningen-Dachsburg-Falkenburg-Heidesheim	17 November 1766
date of death	Mu'inud-Daulah, Mushirul-Mulk, Azamul-Umara, Arastu Jah, a man of Persian descent, was the diwan or the prime minister of Nizam Ali Khan (Asaf Jah II) of Hyderabad from 1778 until his death in 1804.	Arastu Jah	1804
date of death	Sydney Strickland Tully (1860-1911) was a Canadian academic painter.	Sydney Strickland Tully	1911
date of death	Jørgen Aall (22 February 1771 -- 7 April 1833) was a Norwegian ship-owner and politician.	Jørgen Aall	7 April 1833
date of death	Colonel William Digges (c1651- 24 July 1697) was a politician in Colonial Virginia and a councillor in Colonial Maryland in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries.	William Digges	24 July 1697
date of death	Thomas Cartter Lupton (1899 - 1977) was an American heir and businessman.	Thomas Cartter Lupton	1977
date of death	Sir William Beddoe Rees, usually known simply as Beddoe Rees (1877 -- 12 May 1931) was a Welsh architect, industrialist and Liberal politician.	Beddoe Rees	12 May 1931
date of death	Jean-Noël Rey (23 December 1949 -- 16 January 2016) was a Swiss manager and politician of the Social Democratic Party.	Jean-Noël Rey	16 January 2016
date of death	Joseph Redfearn (13 May 1862 -- 14 January 1931) was an English first-class cricketer, who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1890 against Surrey.	Joseph Redfearn	14 January 1931
date of death	Sokolluzade Lala Mehmed Pasha (died 21 June 1606) was a Bosnian Ottoman statesman.	Sokolluzade Lala Mehmed Pasha	21 June 1606
date of death	Daniel Jonsson (1599--1663) was a soldier and commander of Dalregementet of the Swedish Empire.	Daniel Jonsson	1663
date of death	Karl Sutter (10 May 1914--14 September 2003) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the pole vault.	Karl Sutter	14 September 2003
date of death	José Jaime Pierluisi (12 June 1965 -- 7 June 1994) was an economic adviser to Puerto Rico Governor Pedro Rosselló from 1993 until his death during a carjacking on June 7, 1994.	José Jaime Pierluisi	7 June 1994
date of death	G. Owen Bonawit (1891--1971) was an artist whose studio created thousands of pieces of stained glass for Yale, Duke, Northwestern, and Southeast Missouri State universities;	G. Owen Bonawit	1971
date of death	Rodrigo Asturias Amado (30 October 1939 -- 15 June 2005) was a Guatemalan guerrilla leader and politician.	Rodrigo Asturias	15 June 2005
date of death	Sir Nicholas Bayard Dill (28 December 1905 -- 10 September 1993), known as Bayard Dill, was a prominent Bermudian politician, lawyer and military officer.	Nicholas Bayard Dill	10 September 1993
date of death	Prince Pashaura Singh (1821 -- 11 September 1845) (also Peshawara Singh) was one of the sons of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.	Pashaura Singh	11 September 1845
date of death	Ulick Burke, 3rd Earl of Clanricarde, Irish peer, died 1601.	Ulick Burke, 3rd Earl of Clanricarde	1601
date of death	Li Changyan (李昌言) (d. 884) was a warlord of the late Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi) from 881 to 884 as its military governor (Jiedushi) after overthrowing his predecessor, the former chancellor Zheng Tian.	Li Changyan	884
date of death	Rafael Batlle Pacheco (1888, Montevideo - 1960) was a Uruguayan journalist.	Rafael Batlle Pacheco	1960
date of death	Willem van Haecht (1593 -- 12 July 1637) was a Flemish Baroque painter best known for his gallery pictures and the son of the landscape painter Tobias Verhaecht.	Willem van Haecht	12 July 1637
date of death	Alexander Walker Scott (10 November 1800 -- 1 November 1883) was an Australian entomologist mainly interested in butterflies.	Alexander Walker Scott	1 November 1883
date of death	James Primadicci (early 15th century, Bologna, Signoria of Bologna (Italy) -- 1460, Bologna) was a Papal diplomat who was particularly charged with sensitive attempts to bring Eastern churches back into communion with Rome.	James Primadicci	1460
date of death	Gianfranco Ferré (Italian pronunciation: (dʒamˈfraŋko ferˈre)) (15 August 1944 -- 17 June 2007) was a fashion designer also known as ``the architect of fashion'' for his background and his original attitude toward creating fashion design.	Gianfranco Ferré	17 June 2007
date of death	Ghulam Mohammed Sadiq (1912 -- 1971) was the Prime Minister of Jammu and Kashmir from 1964 to 1965, when the position was abolished.	Ghulam Mohammed Sadiq	1971
date of death	Isabella of England (1214 -- 1 December 1241), was Holy Roman Empress, Queen of the Germans, and Queen consort of Sicily.	Isabella of England	1 December 1241
date of death	Stefan Nemanjić (Serbian: Стефан Немањић, pronounced (stêfaːn němaɲitɕ)) or Stefan the First-Crowned (Стефан Првовенчани/Stefan Prvovenčani, IPA: (stêfaːn prʋoʋěntʃaːniː); around 1165 -- 24 September 1228) was Grand Prince of Serbia from 1196, and the King of Serbia from 1217 until his death in 1228.	Stefan the First-Crowned	24 September 1228
date of death	M. Asaduzzaman (Bengali: অধ্যাপক আসাদুজ্জামান; c. 1948 -- 28 March 2008) was a professor in the Public Administration Department of Dhaka University and chairman of the University Grants Commission of Bangladesh (UGC).	M. Asaduzzaman	2008
date of death	Jalal al-Din Mahmud (died 1352) was the Mihrabanid malik of Sistan from 1350 until his death.	Jalal al-Din Mahmud	1352
date of death	John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford (c. 12 March 1312 -- 24 January 1360) was the nephew and heir of Robert de Vere, 6th Earl of Oxford who succeeded as Earl of Oxford in 1331, after his uncle died without issue.	John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford	1360
date of death	Ole Andreas Lindeman (17 January 1769 -- 26 February 1857) was a Norwegian musician, organist, composer and music educator.	Ole Andreas Lindeman	26 February 1857
date of death	William Briton or Breton (died 1356) was a Breton Franciscan theologian.	William Briton	1356
date of death	Robert Bruce Tague (1912-1985) was an American modernist architect and abstract artist who lived in Chicago, Illinois.	Robert Bruce Tague	1985
date of death	Robert Alves (1745--1794), was a Scottish poet and prose writer.	Robert Alves	1794
date of death	Harold Mattingly (1884 - 26 January 1964) was a British art historian and numismatist, who specialised in the history of Ancient Rome, especially Etruscan and Roman currency.	Harold Mattingly	26 January 1964
date of death	Abdolreza Rajabi (1962 -- 30 October 2008) was a Kurdish Iranian, born in Mahidasht District, west of the Kermanshah Province.	Abdolreza Rajabi	30 October 2008
date of death	Arthur Dallidet (12 October 1906 -- 30 May 1942) was a French metal worker, Communist and trade union leader in the Renault factories, who became a leader of the French Resistance during World War II (1939--45).	Arthur Dallidet	30 May 1942
date of death	Gerry Anderson, MBE (born Gerald Alexander Abrahams; 14 April 1929 -- 26 December 2012) was an English television and film producer, director, writer and occasional voice artist.	Gerry Anderson	26 December 2012
date of death	Owen Francis Dudley (1882-1952) was an English Catholic priest who gained fame both as a world lecturer and as a novelist.	Owen Francis Dudley	1952
date of death	Geoffrey Kingscott (1936 -- 2 March 2011) was a British writer, journalist, editor, translator, and UKIP politician.	Geoffrey Kingscott	2 March 2011
date of death	Gilly Flower (26 August 1908 - February 2001) was an English actress, best remembered as the elderly Miss Abitha Tibbs in the cult BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers.	Gilly Flower	February 2001
date of death	Vice-Admiral The Honourable Edmund Rupert Drummond CB MVO DL (8 May 1884 -- 9 September 1965) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander-in-Chief of the New Zealand Division.	Edmund Rupert Drummond	9 September 1965
date of death	Antoine d'Estrées (1529 -- 11 May 1609) was Marquis of Coeuvres, vicomte of Soissons and of Bercy, Knight of the Order of Saint-Esprit (1578) and Knight of the Order of Saint-Michel (1578).	Antoine d'Estrées	11 May 1609
date of death	Bhabani Bhattacharya (10 November 1906--10 October 1988) was an Indian writer, of Bengali origin, who wrote social-realist fiction.	Bhabani Bhattacharya	1988
date of death	Izidor Papo (31 December 1913 -- 14 October 1996) was a surgeon, general, military medical chief and academician.	Izidor Papo	14 October 1996
date of death	Henry Medley (1687 -- 5 August 1747) was an officer of the Royal Navy, rising to the rank of vice-admiral.	Henry Medley	5 August 1747
date of death	Alberto Pigaiani (15 July 1928 -- 15 June 2003) was an Italian heavyweight weightlifter.	Alberto Pigaiani	15 June 2003
date of death	Ascanio Vitozzi (also spelled Ascanio Baschi di Vitozzo or Vittozzi) (1539--1615) was an Italian soldier, architect and military engineer.	Ascanio Vitozzi	1615
date of death	Wilhelm Jürgensen (1762 in Schleswick -- 1842) was a Norwegian military officer.	Wilhelm Jürgensen	1842
date of death	Sarah Grand (10 June 1854 -- 12 May 1943) was an Irish feminist writer active from 1873 to 1922.	Sarah Grand	12 May 1943
date of death	Ognjeslav Kostović Stepanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњеслав Костовић Степановић) (1851 -- 16 December 1916) was a Serbian inventor.	Ognjeslav Kostović Stepanović	16 December 1916
date of death	Niels Ludvig Westergaard (27 October 1815 -- 9 September 1878) was a Danish Orientalist born in København.	Niels Ludvig Westergaard	9 September 1878
date of death	Carl Plötz (1814 - 12 August 1886, Greifswald) was a German entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera and in particular Hesperiidae.	Carl Plötz	12 August 1886
date of death	Rev. Sir James Stronge, 1st Baronet (1750 -- 1 December 1804) was born in Tynan Abbey, County Armagh, Ireland.	Sir James Stronge, 1st Baronet	1 December 1804
date of death	Billie Fleming, known at the time as Billie Dovey (13 April 1914 -- 12 May 2014), was a long distance cyclist who set the woman's record for greatest distance cycled in a year in 1938 at 29,603.7 miles (47,642.5 km).	Billie Fleming	12 May 2014
date of death	Bernard Flexner (1882--1946), a New York lawyer, was a prominent member of the Zionist Organization of America.	Bernard Flexner	1946
date of death	Adolph Verschueren (also Adolf; 10 June 1922 -- 30 April 2004) was a Belgian cyclist.	Adolph Verschueren	30 April 2004
date of death	Lin Zexu (30 August 1785 -- 22 November 1850), courtesy name Yuanfu, was a Chinese scholar and official of the Qing dynasty, hailing from Fuzhou, Fujian province.	Lin Zexu	22 November 1850
date of death	Constantin J. David (18 February 1886 - 19 February 1964) was a German journalist, film director, film producer, and actor.	Constantin J. David	19 February 1964
date of death	Elisabeth Olin née Lillström (December 1740 -- 26 March 1828), was a Swedish opera singer and a music composer.	Elisabeth Olin	26 March 1828
date of death	William Wolryche-Whitmore (16 September 1787 -- 11 August 1858) was a Shropshire landowner and British Whig politician.	William Wolryche-Whitmore	11 August 1858
date of death	Marco Bucci (29 November 1960 -- 6 August 2013) was an Italian discus thrower.	Marco Bucci	6 August 2013
date of death	Indra Pala (960-990) was ruler of Pala Dynasty (900--1100) of Kamarupa Kingdom.	Indra Pala	990
date of death	María Luisa Martínez de García Rojas (1780 -- 1817) was an insurgent and heroine of the Mexican War of Independence.	María Luisa Martínez de García Rojas	1817
date of death	Angiolo Torchi (Massa Lombarda, Lombardy, November, 1856 - 1915) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes.	Angiolo Torchi	1915
date of death	William Ayling (born 1766 and christened 30 September 1766 at Cocking, Sussex; died October 1826 at Bromley, Kent) was an English professional cricketer who made 22 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1800 to 1810; followed by a further 3 in 1825 and 1826.	William Ayling	October 1826
date of death	Major General Christopher Vokes CB, CBE, DSO, CD (13 April 1904--27 March 1985) was a senior Canadian Army officer who fought in World War II.	Christopher Vokes	27 March 1985
date of death	Luis González Velázquez (August 25, 1715 -- May 24, 1763), was a Spanish late-Baroque painter.	Luis González Velázquez	1763
date of death	Maria Eleonore of Liechtenstein (Oettingen, 7 July 1745 - Vienna, 26 November 1812) was a princess of Liechtenstein and a politically influential Austrian salonist.	Eleonore of Liechtenstein	26 November 1812
date of death	Davitt Coghlan (28 December 1907 -- 10 October 1964) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Davitt Coghlan	10 October 1964
date of death	George Musgrove (21 January 1854 -- 21 January 1916) was an English-born Australian theatre producer.	George Musgrove	21 January 1916
date of death	John Somerville, 3rd Lord Somerville (died 1491) was the son of William Somerville, 2nd Lord Somerville and Janet Mowat.	John Somerville, 3rd Lord Somerville	1491
date of death	Ermenegildo Agazzi (24 July 1866 -- 25 October 1945) was an Italian painter, active in painting genre, portraits, and landscapes.	Ermenegildo Agazzi	25 October 1945
date of death	Francis Jourdain (2 November 1876 -- 31 December 1958) was a painter, furniture maker, interior designer, maker of ceramics, and other decorative arts, and a left-wing political activist.	Francis Jourdain	31 December 1958
date of death	Clarissa Dickson Wright (24 June 1947 -- 15 March 2014) was an English celebrity chef, television personality, writer, businesswoman, and former barrister (the youngest person to be called to the Bar at the time).	Clarissa Dickson Wright	15 March 2014
date of death	Griffiths Mxenge, (27 February 1935 -- 19 November 1981) was a South African anti-apartheid activist.	Griffiths Mxenge	19 November 1981
date of death	The Right Reverend Ludlow Tonson, 3rd Baron Riversdale DD (6 March 1784 -- 13 December 1861), was a Church of Ireland bishop.	Ludlow Tonson, 3rd Baron Riversdale	13 December 1861
date of death	Comentiolus (Greek: Κομεντίολος, Komentiolos; died 602) was a prominent Eastern Roman (Byzantine) general at the close of the 6th century during the reign of Emperor Maurice (r. 582--602).	Comentiolus	602
date of death	Eregzengiin Choidog (Mongolian: Эрэгзэнгийн Чойдог; October 10. 1926 - 1988) is one of Mongolia's best known composers.	Eregzengiin Choidog	1988
date of death	Eula Pearl Carter Scott (1915--2005) became the youngest pilot in the United States on September 12, 1929, when she took her first solo flight.	Eula Pearl Carter Scott	2005
date of death	Dr David Stark Murray (14 July 1900 -- 16 September 1977), son of Robert Murray MP was a consultant pathologist, author, and President of the Socialist Medical Association 1951--70.	David Stark Murray	16 September 1977
date of death	John Buxton Hilton was a British crime writer (1921--1986).	John Buxton Hilton	1986
date of death	Joseph Mason Cox (1763--1818) was an early nineteenth century English physician whose entire professional career was devoted to care and treatment of mentally ill people.	Joseph Mason Cox	1818
date of death	Eloy Tarazona (1880--1953) was a Venezuelan military figure known by his nickname ``The Indian Tarazona''.	Eloy Tarazona	1953
date of death	Ari Ankorion (Hebrew: ארי אנקוריון‎, born Ari Wolowitzky, 2 October 1908 -- 11 March 1986) was an Israeli politician and lawyer.	Ari Ankorion	11 March 1986
date of death	Leonard Burt, CVO, CBE (1892 - 1983) was a British police officer, involved in several high-profile cases and investigations.	Leonard Burt	1983
date of death	Auguste-Savinien Leblond d'Olblen (19 October 1760 -- 22 February 1811) was a French mathematician and the inventor of the unit of measurement, the metre.	Auguste-Savinien Leblond	1811
date of death	Gar Tsenye Dompu (Tibetan: མགར་བརྩན་སྙ་ལྡོམ་པུ, Wylie: mgar brtsan snya ldom pu; ? -- 685) was a general of the Tibetan Empire.	Gar Tsenye Dompu	685
date of death	Thomas Stanley Westoll, FRS FRSE, FGS (3 Jul 1912 -- 19 Sep 1995) was the long-time head of the Department of Geology at Newcastle University.	Thomas Stanley Westoll	1995
date of death	Richard Oakeley (died 1653) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1624.	Richard Oakeley	1653
date of death	Edward Charles Richard Taaffe (1898--1967), known as Richard, was an Austrian gemmologist who found the first cut and polished taaffeite in November 1945.	Richard Taaffe	1967
date of death	Thomas Glaholm (1834-1888) was the son of a Newcastle steam flour miller.	Thomas Glaholm	1888
date of death	Arnold Ludwig Gotthilf Heller (May 1, 1840 - 1913) was a German anatomist and pathologist who was a native of Kleinheubach am Main, Bavaria.	Arnold Ludwig Gotthilf Heller	1913
date of death	Harry Brereton (13 June 1887 -- 31 December 1950) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Brereton	31 December 1950
date of death	Benjamin Garlike (c. 1766 -- 14 May 1815, Albany, London) was a British diplomat, ambassador to Denmark and Prussia.	Benjamin Garlike	1815
date of death	José Rafael Revenga y Hernández (24 November 1786 -- 9 March 1852) was a minister of foreign affairs of Gran Colombia (1819--1821).	José Rafael Revenga	9 March 1852
date of death	Harry Källström (30 June 1939 - 13 July 2009), nicknamed ``Sputnik'' , was a Swedish professional rally driver who debuted in 1957 and competed in the World Rally Championship in the 1970s.	Harry Källström	13 July 2009
date of death	False Margaret (or Margareth or Margareta) (c. 1260 -- 1301) was a Norwegian woman who impersonated Margaret, Maid of Norway.	False Margaret	1301
date of death	Madame Céleste or Madame Céline Céleste (16 August 1815, Paris -- 12 February 1882, Paris) was a French dancer and actress.	Madame Céleste	12 February 1882
date of death	Mary Chilton (1607 -- c.April 1679) was a Pilgrim and purportedly the first European woman to step ashore at Plymouth, Massachusetts.	Mary Chilton	1679
date of death	Armagil Waad (or Armigill Wade) (ca. 1511 -- 20 June 1568) was a chief clerk of the Privy Council, servant of government and an English parliamentarian.	Armagil Waad	20 June 1568
date of death	Jwala Prasad Kureel (15 July 1915 -- 25 February 1991) was MP of the 6th Lok Sabha in 1977, affiliated to Janata Party.	Jwala Prasad Kureel	1991
date of death	Charles-Pierre Boullanger (1772-1813) was a French geographer who served on Nicolas Baudin's scientific expedition to the South Seas from 1800 to 1803.	Charles-Pierre Boullanger	1813
date of death	Ingjald Nissen (2 September 1896 -- 25 February 1977) was a Norwegian psychologist and philosopher.	Ingjald Nissen	25 February 1977
date of death	Frank McCabe (March 10, 1859 -- 1924) was an American jockey and a Hall of Fame trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses.	Frank McCabe	1924
date of death	Lawrence Bede Fanning ISO (18 August 1885 -- 14 August 1970) was a senior Australian public servant, best known for his time as Director-General of the Postmaster-General's Department in the 1940s.	Bede Fanning	14 August 1970
date of death	Ahmad Nadeem Qasmi (Urdu: احمد ندیم قاسمی‎) born Ahmad Shah Awan(Urdu: احمد شاہ اعوان‎) on 20 November 1916 -- died 10 July 2006, was an Urdu and English language Pakistani poet, journalist, literary critic, dramatist and short story author.	Ahmad Nadeem Qasmi	10 July 2006
date of death	Dorothy Mayhall (1925--1995) was an American museum director and sculptor.	Dorothy Mayhall	1995
date of death	Mitja Brodar (1921 -- 16 February 2012) was a Slovenian archaeologist.	Mitja Brodar	16 February 2012
date of death	Caroline Keer, RRC & Bar (born 1857 -- died 29 December 1928) was a British military nurse and nursing administrator, who served in Natal during the Boer War.	Caroline Keer	29 December 1928
date of death	The Blessed Bernhard Lichtenberg (3 December 1875 -- 5 November 1943) was a German Roman Catholic priest and theologian, who died while in the custody of forces of the Third Reich.	Bernhard Lichtenberg	5 November 1943
date of death	Edward Caldwell Moore (1857--1943) was an American theologian, brother of George Foot Moore and Frank Gardner Moore.	Edward Caldwell Moore	1943
date of death	Alfonso Patiño Rosselli (1923 -- 7 November 1985) was a Colombian jurist and diplomat who died in the 1985 Palace of Justice Siege by the M-19 where he was a Magistrate and President of the Constitutional Chamber of the Supreme Court of Colombia.	Alfonso Patiño Rosselli	7 November 1985
date of death	Johann Karl Thilo (Langensalza, near Erfurt, 28 November 1794 -- Halle 17 May 1853) was a German theologian and biblical scholar.	Johann Karl Thilo	1853
date of death	Charles Caleb Colton (1780--1832) was an English cleric, writer and collector, well known for his eccentricities.	Charles Caleb Colton	1832
date of death	Lorna Arnold OBE (7 December 1915 -- 25 March 2014) was a British historian who wrote a number of books connected with the British nuclear weapons programmes.	Lorna Arnold	25 March 2014
date of death	Henry Ercole (died 1764) was a minor Maltese mediaeval philosopher who specialised mainly in ethics and logic.	Henry Ercole	1764
date of death	Seoán Ó Máel Fogmair was Bishop of Killala until 25 October 1280.	Seoán Ó Máel Fogmair	1280
date of death	Percy Radcliffe (1916--1991) was a Member of the Legislative Council of the Isle of Man, and Chairman of the Executive Council from 1971 until 1977, and from 1981 to 1985.	Percy Radcliffe	1991
date of death	Sir William Papworth (c.1331-1414), of Grafham, (then in Huntingdonshire, now Cambridgeshire) and Papworth St. Agnes, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.	William Papworth	1414
date of death	Pál Várhidi (born Pál Vinkovics, 6 November 1931 -- 12 November 2015) was a Hungarian football player and a manager.	Pál Várhidi	12 November 2015
date of death	Ashok Kumar Sarkar (7 October, 1912 -- 17 February, 1983) was the editor-in-chief and owner of Anandabazar Patrika and ABP Group from 1958 to 1983 after death of Prafulla Kumar Sarkar the inaugural editor of Anandabazar Patrika.	Ashok Kumar Sarkar	17 February, 1983
date of death	Richard St Lawrence, 7th Baron Howth (c.1510-1558) was an Anglo-Irish nobleman and military commander.	Richard St Lawrence, 7th Baron Howth	1558
date of death	Michael Špaček (Montélimar, France 2 March 1991 - Plzeň 12 October 2009) was a Czech youth motocross champion.	Michael Špaček	12 October 2009
date of death	Robert James McMordie, QC (31 January 1849 -- 25 March 1914) was an Irish barrister, politician, and Lord Mayor of Belfast.	Robert James McMordie	25 March 1914
date of death	Edward Tyson (20 January 1651 -- 1 August 1708) was a British scientist and physician, commonly regarded as the founder of modern comparative anatomy, which compares the anatomy between species.	Edward Tyson	1 August 1708
date of death	Adam Forster aka Carl August von Wiarda (5 April 1848 Emden, East Frisia - 11 April 1928 Sydney), was a botanical illustrator and naturalist, who after a lengthy stay in South Africa, eventually emigrated to Australia.	Adam Forster	11 April 1928
date of death	Demas Dean (October 6, 1903, (Sag Harbor, New York) -- 1991) was an American jazz trumpeter.	Demas Dean	1991
date of death	Jack Woolgar (15 September 1913 -- 14 July 1978) was a British character actor working in television and film in the 1960s and 1970s.	Jack Woolgar	14 July 1978
date of death	Charles Sackville, 6th Earl of Dorset and 1st Earl of Middlesex, KG (24 January 1638 -- 29 January 1706) was an English poet and courtier.	Charles Sackville, 6th Earl of Dorset	29 January 1706
date of death	Magdalena Roghman (1637 -- 1679), was a Dutch Golden Age engraver.	Magdalena Roghman	1679
date of death	Eliel Soisalon-Soininen (born Johnsson, risen to the nobility as Soisalon-Soininen) (26 May 1856 -- 6 February 1905), was a Finnish Chancellor of Justice.	Eliel Soisalon-Soininen	6 February 1905
date of death	Woldemar Hottenroth (20 August 1802, Dresden - 6 September 1894, Dresden) was a German portrait, landscape and genre painter in the Late-Romantic style.	Woldemar Hottenroth	6 September 1894
date of death	Edward Conway, 1st Viscount Conway PC (1564 -- 3 January 1631) was an English soldier and statesman.	Edward Conway, 1st Viscount Conway	3 January 1631
date of death	Páidí Ó Sé (US /ˌpædiː oʊ ˈʃeɪ/; Irish: (ˌpˠaːdʲiː oː ˈʃeː); 16 May 1955 -- 15 December 2012) was an Irish Gaelic footballer and manager who played as a right half-back for Kerry.	Páidí Ó Sé	15 December 2012
date of death	Anastasios Polyzoidis (Greek: Αναστάσιος Πολυζωίδης, 1802--1873) was a Greek politician and judicial official.	Anastasios Polyzoidis	1873
date of death	Marcel Couraud (born October 20, 1912 in Limoges, † 14 September 1986) was a French conductor.	Marcel Couraud	14 September 1986
date of death	Felix Dennis (27 May 1947 -- 22 June 2014) was an English publisher, poet, spoken-word performer and philanthropist.	Felix Dennis	22 June 2014
date of death	Johnny Houlston (1917 - 1962) was a Welsh welterweight and middleweight boxer.	Johnny Houlston	1962
date of death	Geunchogo of Baekje (324-375, r. 346-375) was the 13th king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Geunchogo of Baekje	375
date of death	Anders Lindstedt (27 June 1854 -- 16 May 1939) was a Swedish mathematician, astronomer, and actuarial scientist, known for the Lindstedt-Poincaré method.	Anders Lindstedt	16 May 1939
date of death	Sun Yirang (Chinese: 孫詒讓; pinyin: Sūn Yíràng) (1848--1908) was a Chinese philologist.	Sun Yirang	1908
date of death	Diana Nasution (5 April 1958 -- 4 October 2013), was a very popular Indonesian singer and actress in the 1970s and 1980s.	Diana Nasution	4 October 2013
date of death	Paul Borchardt (1886--1953) was a German archaeologist, a pupil of the geographer Siegfried Passarge.	Paul Borchardt	1953
date of death	Dr. Wacław Olszak (29 May 1868 -- 11 September 1939) was a Polish physician, activist and politician from the region of Zaolzie, Czechoslovakia.	Wacław Olszak	11 September 1939
date of death	Benjamin Woodbridge (1622--1684) was an English clergyman and controversialist, Harvard College's first-ever graduate, and participant in the Savoy Conference.	Benjamin Woodbridge	1684
date of death	Robert Ker (August 14, 1824 -- 11 or 12 February 1879) was the first Auditor General of the Colony and then the Province of British Columbia.	Robert Ker	12 February 1879
date of death	Willard Fuller (1915-2009) was an American faith healer and proponent of psychic dentistry.	Willard Fuller	2009
date of death	Arthur William à Beckett (25 October 1844 -- 14 January 1909) was an English journalist and intellectual.	Arthur William à Beckett	14 January 1909
date of death	Eric Fitch Daglish (1892--1966) was a British engraver and author.	Eric Fitch Daglish	1966
date of death	Duvvuri Venkata Ramana Shastri (Telugu: దువ్వురి వెంకట రమణ శాస్త్రి ) (1897 -- 1972), popularly known as the Kalaprapurna Duvvuri was a Telugu - Sanskrit Scholar of the 20th century.	Duvvuri Venkata Ramana Shastri	1972
date of death	Ibn Marzuban later died in 1006 at Shustar.	Ibn Marzuban	1006
date of death	Christian Sparre (30 July 1859 -- 4 November 1940) was a Norwegian Commanding Admiral and Member of Parliament.	Christian Sparre	1940
date of death	Christopher Caudwell is the pseudonym of Christopher St John Sprigg (20 October 1907 -- 12 February 1937), a British Marxist writer, thinker and poet.	Christopher Caudwell	12 February 1937
date of death	Alan Handley (11 March 1912 -- 5 January 1990) was an American producer and director of television programmes.	Alan Handley	5 January 1990
date of death	Archange de Lyon (secular name Michael Desgranges) (b. at Lyon, 2 March 1736; d. there 13 October 1822) was a French Capuchin theologian and preacher.	Archange de Lyon	13 October 1822
date of death	Lucila Gamero de Medina (12 June 1873 -- 23 January 1964) was a Honduran romantic novelist.	Lucila Gamero de Medina	23 January 1964
date of death	James William Chappell (25 March 1915 -- 3 April 1973) also known as Jim Chappell and Jimmy Chappell, is a former ice hockey player who mainly played in the English National League (ENL).	Jimmy Chappell	3 April 1973
date of death	Michel Klyne (2 July 1781 -- 1868) was an employee of the North West Company and later the Hudson's Bay Company, serving as postmaster at Jasper House in the Rocky Mountains.	Michel Klyne	1868
date of death	James Grenfell Mauldon MC (known as Jim Mauldon) (1920 -- 21 May 2002) was a British mathematician who taught at the University of Oxford and in the United States at Amherst College.	Jim Mauldon	21 May 2002
date of death	Tommy Blenkinsopp (born 13 May 1920; died 2004) was an English footballer, who played for Grimsby Town, Middlesbrough and Barnsley.	Tommy Blenkinsopp	2004
date of death	Peter Proudfoot (25 November 1882 -- 4 March 1941) was a Scottish footballer who scored 21 goals in 162 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City, Clapton Orient, Chelsea and Stockport County.	Peter Proudfoot	4 March 1941
date of death	Aubrey Otis Hampton (1900, Copeville, Texas -- 1955) was an American radiologist remembered for describing Hampton's hump and Hampton's line.	Aubrey Otis Hampton	1955
date of death	Benny Sims (1924--1995) was a bluegrass and country musician who played with Flatt and Scruggs, Roy Acuff and Bill Monroe.	Benny Sims	1995
date of death	Manuel Olivares Lapeña (2 April 1909 -- 16 February 1976) was a Spanish football striker and manager.	Manuel Olivares	16 February 1976
date of death	Augustine of Alfeld (1480 -- c. 1535) was a teacher and Minister Provincial of the Franciscan Order in Saxony, who was opposed to Martin Luther on the question of papal authority.	Augustine of Alfeld	1535
date of death	Solomon Schindler (1842--1915) was a rabbi and author.	Solomon Schindler	1915
date of death	William J. Butler (1860 -- 27 January 1927) was an Irish silent film actor.	William J. Butler	27 January 1927
date of death	Guillaume Le Bé (French pronunciation: ​(ɡijom lə be); 1525 -- 1598) was a French punch cutter and engraver who specialised in Hebrew typefaces.	Guillaume Le Bé	1598
date of death	Frank Pearce Sturm (1879--1942) was an English poet and translator, known for his 1906 translations of Baudelaire; his short poem Still-heart is a popular favourite.	Frank Pearce Sturm	1942
date of death	Henry Fleetwood Sheppard (London, February 5, 1824 -- November 1901) was an English clergyman.	Henry Fleetwood Sheppard	1901
date of death	Walter Stuart Diehl (3 December 1893 -- 21 November 1976) was an American naval officer and pioneering aeronautical engineer.	Walter Stuart Diehl	21 November 1976
date of death	John Inett (1647--1717) was an English cleric and church historian.	John Inett	1717
date of death	Ted Besford (28 June 1915 -- 12 July 1978) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ted Besford	12 July 1978
date of death	Ernest Lindgren (3 October 1910 -- 22 July 1973) was a British film archivist and writer.	Ernest Lindgren	22 July 1973
date of death	Clair Alan Brown (born August 16, 1903; died 1982) was an American botanist.	Clair Alan Brown	1982
date of death	John Atkinson Pendlington (September 1861 - 15 January 1914) was the inventor of a linear scoring system for cricket before 1893.	John Atkinson Pendlington	1914
date of death	Sir Edward Blackett, 2nd Baronet (25 October 1649 -- 23 April 1718) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1689 and 1701.	Sir Edward Blackett, 2nd Baronet	23 April 1718
date of death	Lord Robert Montagu PC (24 January 1825 -- 6 May 1902), was a British Conservative politician.	Lord Robert Montagu	6 May 1902
date of death	Protiva Bose (also spelled Pratibha Basu; Bengali: প্রতিভা বসু) (March 13, 1915 -- 13 October 2006) was one of the most prolific and widely read Bengali writers of novels, short stories, and essays.	Protiva Bose	13 October 2006
date of death	Francisco de Caro (Spanish pronunciation: (fɾanˈsisko ðe ˈkaɾo), 23 March 1898 -- 31 July 1976), was an Argentinian pianist and composer.	Francisco de Caro	31 July 1976
date of death	Lothoo Nitharwal (Hindi: लोठू निठारवाल) (1804--1855) was a revolutionary freedom fighter of Rajasthan, India.	Lothoo Nitharwal	1855
date of death	Rabbi Shmuel Rozovsky (1913--1979) was known as a Talmudic lecturer at the Ponevezh Yeshiva located in Bnei Brak, Israel, and was counted amongst the great rabbis of his generation.	Shmuel Rozovsky	1979
date of death	Guido Notari (10 May 1893 - 21 January 1957) was an Italian actor and radio presenter.	Guido Notari	21 January 1957
date of death	Thomas W. Riley (1804? -- December 27, 1872) was the twelfth Mayor of Louisville, Kentucky from 1858 to 1859.	Thomas W. Riley	1872
date of death	Hans Walter Imhoff (25 February 1886 -- 19 March 1971) was a Swiss professional footballer, who played as a striker.	Hans Walter Imhoff	19 March 1971
date of death	Viggo Johansen (3 January 1851 -- 18 December 1935) was a Danish painter and active member of the group of Skagen Painters who met every summer in the north of Jutland.	Viggo Johansen	18 December 1935
date of death	Alan Peters OBE (17 January 1933 - 11 October 2009) was a British furniture designer maker and one of the very few direct links with the Arts and Crafts Movement, having apprenticed to Edward Barnsley.	Alan Peters	11 October 2009
date of death	Jean-Marie Beaudet (20 February 1908 -- 19 March 1971) was a Canadian conductor, organist, pianist, radio producer, and music educator.	Jean-Marie Beaudet	19 March 1971
date of death	Sir Thomas Marchant Williams, writing name T. Marchant Williams, (1845 -- 27 October 1914) was a Welsh nationalist, lawyer, and author.	T. Marchant Williams	27 October 1914
date of death	Safiye Ayla Targan, née Safiye Ayla, (14 July 1907 -- 14 January 1998) was one of the most famous singers of Turkish classical music.	Safiye Ayla	14 January 1998
date of death	Dag Berggrav (17 May 1925 -- 3 May 2003) was a Norwegian jurist, civil servant and sports administrator.	Dag Berggrav	3 May 2003
date of death	Johann Andreas Klindworth (11 November 1742 in Göttingen -- 1813) was an eighteenth-century mechanic and maker of astronomical instruments.	Johann Andreas Klindworth	1813
date of death	Hans Bague Jassin (31 July 1917 -- 11 March 2000), better known as HB Jassin, was an Indonesian literary critic, documentarian, and professor.	HB Jassin	11 March 2000
date of death	Deng Yang (鄧颺: ? -- 249) is an official of the Cao Wei.	Deng Yang	249
date of death	Jacobus Trigland (Triglandius) (22 July 1583 -- 5 April 1654) was a Dutch Reformed theologian.	Jacobus Trigland	5 April 1654
date of death	Antoine Dupré (1782--1816) was an early Haitian poet and playwright.	Antoine Dupré	1816
date of death	Caius Brediceanu (born April 25, 1879, Lugoj - d. 1953) was a Romanian politician and diplomat.	Caius Brediceanu	1953
date of death	Edwin Warren Moïse (1810-1868) was an American physician and Judge in the Confederate States of America.	Edwin Warren Moïse	1868
date of death	Francis Bulkeley Johnson (1828--1887) was member of the Jardine, Matheson & Co. and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Francis Bulkeley Johnson	1887
date of death	Archpriest Isidor Barndt (1816-1891), a poet and world traveler from Neisse, Germany, a town in the former state of Silesia, now Nysa, Poland, promoted reunionism and wrote about similarities in faiths in order to overcome splits between Protestants and Catholics in late 19th century Germany.	Isidor Barndt	1891
date of death	Arthur Kirk (5 January 1878 -- 28 February 1958) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Kirk	28 February 1958
date of death	Xu Jingzong (592 -- September 20, 672), courtesy name Yanzu, posthumously known as Duke Gong of Gaoyang, was a Chinese official who served as a chancellor in the Tang dynasty.	Xu Jingzong	672
date of death	Major Radclyffe James Lindsay Bashford OBE (1881-1921) was at various times in his relatively brief life, an academic, journalist, novelist and soldier.	Lindsay Bashford	1921
date of death	David Eugene Thompson (1854--1942) was an American diplomat.	David Eugene Thompson	1942
date of death	Fred Storbeck (10 August 1889 -- 7 December 1970 (aged 81)) born in Pretoria was a South African Boer blacksmith, and amateur and professional heavyweight boxer of the 1910s and '20s, who won the South African heavyweight title, and British Empire heavyweight title.	Fred Storbeck	7 December 1970
date of death	Herbert Lange (29 September 1909 -- 20 April 1945) was an SS-Sturmbannführer (major) and the commandant of Chełmno extermination camp until April 1942; leader of the SS Special Detachment Lange conducting the extermination of Jews from the Łódź Ghetto.	Herbert Lange	20 April 1945
date of death	Mikhail Fonin (1905 -- 1974) served as the eighth General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Turkmen SSR.	Mikhail Fonin	1974
date of death	Robert Hunter Morris (1700 in Trenton, New Jersey -- 27 January 1764 in Shrewsbury, New Jersey), was a prominent governmental figure in Colonial Pennsylvania, serving as governor of Pennsylvania and Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court.	Robert Hunter Morris	1764
date of death	Nikolas Asimos (Greek: Νικόλας Άσιμος; 20 August 1949 -- 17 March 1988) was a Greek composer and singer.	Nikolas Asimos	17 March 1988
date of death	Gustav Behrend (January 10, 1847 -- 1925) was a German dermatologist who was a native of Neustettin (today- Szczecinek, Poland).	Gustav Behrend	1925
date of death	Hedwig Bollhagen (10 November 1907 -- 8 June 2001) was a leading German ceramicist influenced by the Bauhaus.	Hedwig Bollhagen	8 June 2001
date of death	Noah Komla Dzobo (died 2010) was an academic and religious leader.	Noah Komla Dzobo	2010
date of death	Pompeo Cesura (born c.1500--1571), also known as Pompeo Dall'Aquila or Pompeo Aquilano, was an Italian painter and engraver.	Pompeo Cesura	1571
date of death	William Dallimore (1871 -- 7 November 1959) was an English botanist who published a ``Handbook of Coniferae'' and who played an important role in the start and development of Bedgebury Pinetum.	William Dallimore	7 November 1959
date of death	Samuel Alexander OM (6 January 1859 -- 13 September 1938) was an Australian-born British philosopher.	Samuel Alexander	13 September 1938
date of death	Ryszard Świętochowski (born September 17, 1882 in Warsaw - 1941 in Auschwitz) was a Polish politician, publicist and engineer.	Ryszard Świętochowski	1941
date of death	Solomon Ettinger (1802 -- 1856) was a 19th-century Yiddish- and Hebrew-language playwright, poet and writer of songs and fables whose emblematic play Serkele has remained a classic of the Yiddish theatre.	Solomon Ettinger	1856
date of death	Sotir Kuneshka (1912--1991) was an Albanian physicist and academic.	Sotir Kuneshka	1991
date of death	Imre Horváth (19 November 1901 -- 2 February 1958) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs twice: in 1956 and after the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 until his death.	Imre Horváth	2 February 1958
date of death	James Johnson Sweeney (1900--1986) was a curator, and writer about modern art. Sweeney graduated from Georgetown University in 1922.	James Johnson Sweeney	1986
date of death	Florentia Sale (née Wynch; 13 August 1790 -- 6 July 1853) was an Englishwoman who travelled the world while married to her husband, Sir Robert Henry Sale, a British army officer.	Florentia Sale	6 July 1853
date of death	Francis Egerton, 1st Earl of Ellesmere KG, PC (1 January 1800 -- 18 February 1857), known as Lord Francis Leveson-Gower until 1833, was a British politician, writer, traveller and patron of the arts.	Francis Egerton, 1st Earl of Ellesmere	18 February 1857
date of death	Herbert Lionel Elvin (7 August 1905 in Buckhurst Hill -- 14 June 2005 in Cambridge) was an eminent educationist.	Lionel Elvin	14 June 2005
date of death	Charles-François Daubigny (15 February 1817 -- 19 February 1878) was one of the painters of the Barbizon school, and is considered an important precursor of Impressionism.	Charles-François Daubigny	19 February 1878
date of death	Alessandro Melani (4 February 1639 -- 3 October 1703) was an Italian composer and the brother of composer Jacopo Melani, and castrato singer Atto Melani.	Alessandro Melani	3 October 1703
date of death	Louis Vico Žabkar (1914--1994) was an Egyptologist who published a number of academic works and who participated in the 1960s the UNESCO campaign to salvage the monuments threatened by the building of the Aswan Dam.	Louis Vico Žabkar	1994
date of death	Ernest Trimingham (1880-1942) was an actor from the colony of Bermuda.	Ernest Trimingham	1942
date of death	Sir Thomas Clere (died 14 April 1545) was a successful poet at the court of Henry VIII. He is commemorated in several poems by Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey, with whom he had a very close friendship.	Thomas Clere	1545
date of death	Harriet Isabel Ballintine (December 23 1864 -- February 9 1951) was the athletic director at Vassar College from 1891 to 1930 and was a leader in the development of physical education for women.	Harriet Isabel Ballintine	1951
date of death	Hussein Samatar (Somali: Xuseen Samatar, Arabic: حسين ساماتار‎) (1964 -- 25 August 2013) was a Somali American politician, banker and community organizer.	Hussein Samatar	25 August 2013
date of death	During the periode 1323 - 1328 and at the Battle of Cassel, Jan Heem was one of the leaders of Bruges.	Jan Heem	1328
date of death	Chen Changxing or Ch'en Chang-hsing (1771--1853) was a 14th generation descendant and 6th generation master of the Chen Family and was an influential martial artist and teacher of taijiquan (t'ai chi ch'uan).	Chen Changxing	1853
date of death	Lawrence Kilburn (sometimes Kilbrunn or Kilbourn) (1720--1775) was a painter active in the colony of New York.	Lawrence Kilburn	1775
date of death	Vice Admiral Vincent Barkly Molteno CB (30 April 1872 -- 12 November 1952) was a Royal Navy officer during World War I. He fought and distinguished himself in the Battle of Jutland in April 1916, commanding from the armoured cruiser HMS Warrior.	Vincent Barkly Molteno	12 November 1952
date of death	Geoffrey Beaumont (1903--1970) was an Anglican priest and monk of the Community of the Resurrection who was also a composer of popular songs and hymn tunes.	Geoffrey Beaumont	1970
date of death	(William) Denis Johnston (18 June 1901 -- 8 August 1984) was an Irish writer.	Denis Johnston	8 August 1984
date of death	Henry J. Wilson (born 1793 - died 1872) was a U.S. Army officer who served in five wars and countless conflicts.	Henry J. Wilson	1872
date of death	Boško Perošević (Serbian: Бошко Перошевић; 17 September 1956--13 May 2000) was a Serbian politician and former Chairman of the Executive Council of Vojvodina.	Boško Perošević	13 May 2000
date of death	Margaret Buckley (née Goulding) (Irish: Maighréad Uí Bhuachalla (née Ní Ghabhláin)) (1879 -- 24 July 1962) was an Irish republican and leader of Sinn Féin from 1937 to 1950.	Margaret Buckley	1962
date of death	Barys Rahula (Belarusian: Барыс Рагуля, Boris Ragula, 1 January 1920 -- 22 April 2005) was a Belarusian military commander serving with the Biełaruskaja Krajovaja Abarona (BKA) during World War II; the military arm of the pro-Nazi Belarusian Central Rada.	Barys Rahula	22 April 2005
date of death	Albert Modley (1901, in Liverpool, Lancashire -- 23 February 1979, in Morecambe, Lancashire) was a variety entertainer and comedian.	Albert Modley	23 February 1979
date of death	Philip of Majorca (Catalan: Felip; 1288--1343) was an infante and a Franciscan who served as regent of the Kingdom of Majorca between 1324 and 1329.	Philip of Majorca	1343
date of death	Over the next few years, Ardashir I further expanded his new empire, and must have driven out or defeated Vologases VI soon after 228.	Vologases VI	228
date of death	Cassone della Torre (or Casso, Cassono, Castone, Gastone), also called Mosca (died 20 August 1318) was an Italian medieval condottiero and feudal lord.	Cassone della Torre	20 August 1318
date of death	On 1 November 1899, while meeting with several other compatriots, Aghbiur Serob had his pipe poisoned by a fellow Armenian known as ``Avé'' who had been bribed by Kurdish brigands.	Aghbiur Serob	1 November 1899
date of death	John Keppock (died 1404) was an Irish judge who held the offices of Lord Chief Justice of Ireland and Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer.	John Keppock	1404
date of death	Ing. Pablo Cagnasso Sr. (15 February 1908 -- 1988) was an Argentinian civil engineer and sport shooter who was a member of the Argentinean Olympic team on several occasions as well as in many World Cups and Pan American Games.	Pablo Cagnasso	1988
date of death	Les Rennie (21 September 1908 -- 25 September 1983) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Les Rennie	25 September 1983
date of death	Barbara Jane Harrison GC (24 May 1945 -- 8 April 1968), typically known as Jane Harrison, was a British air stewardess.	Barbara Jane Harrison	8 April 1968
date of death	George Hosmer (born in Farmington, Connecticut, 30 August 1781; died in Chicago, Illinois, 6 March 1861) was a U.S. lawyer and politician.	George Hosmer	6 March 1861
date of death	Joseph Rowbotham (8 July 1831 -- 22 December 1899) was an English first-class cricketer, who played six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club, in their pre-county incarnation from 1861 and 1862, and 94 for them as a full county club from 1863 to 1876.	Joseph Rowbotham	22 December 1899
date of death	André Mathilde Édouard Parengh (12 November 1926 -- 2 September 2011), better known under the pseudonym Tony Corsari, was a Belgian TV show host and presenter.	Tony Corsari	2 September 2011
date of death	Geraldine McEwan (born Geraldine McKeown; 9 May 1932 -- 30 January 2015) was an English actress who had a long career in theatre, television and film.	Geraldine McEwan	30 January 2015
date of death	Chester Melvin Vaniman (1866-1912) was an American photographer, adventurer and businessman who specialized in panoramic images taken from height and was nicknamed the ``Acrobatic Photographer.''	Melvin Vaniman	1912
date of death	Kristo Das Pal (Bengali: কৃষ্ণদাস পাল) (1838 -- 24 July 1884), was an Indian journalist, orator and the editor of Hindoo Patriot.	Kristo Das Pal	24 July 1884
date of death	Pieter Hendrik Kritzinger (1870, Port Elizabeth -- 1930, Cradock, Eastern Cape), was a Boer general and guerrilla commander during the Second Boer War.	Pieter Hendrik Kritzinger	1930
date of death	Johann Heinrich Hartmann Bätz (1 January 1709 -- 13 December 1770) was a German-Dutch organ builder.	Johann Heinrich Hartmann Bätz	13 December 1770
date of death	Stephen Spargo (29 December 1903 -- 1972) was an English professional association footballer who played as a half back.	Stephen Spargo	1972
date of death	Reuven Barkat (Hebrew: ראובן ברקת‎, born Reuven Borstein 25 October 1906 -- 5 April 1972) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and the Labor Party from 1965 until his death in 1972.	Reuven Barkat	5 April 1972
date of death	Esfandiar Ahmadieh (Persian: اسفندیار احمدیه‎‎; 1929--2012) was an Iranian animation film director.	Esfandiar Ahmadieh	2012
date of death	Maria Angela Ardinghelli (1730--1825) was an Italian translator, mathematician, physicist and noble, mostly known as the Italian translator of the works of Stephen Hales, a Newtonian physiologist.	Maria Angela Ardinghelli	1825
date of death	William Valentine Black (21 February 1832 -- 1 April 1927) was a nineteenth-century Utah pioneer, and one of the early settlers of Manti, Spring City, Rockville, and Deseret, Utah.	William Valentine Black	1 April 1927
date of death	Peter Johannes Rutten (9 December 1864, Afferden (Limburg) - 3 September 1953, Wanssum) was a Dutch politician.	Peter Johannes Rutten	3 September 1953
date of death	Ravi Datt Mehta (1955 -- 7 July 2008) was a brigadier in the Indian army.	Ravi Datt Mehta	7 July 2008
date of death	Leo Schaya (1916--1985) was a Swiss author and scholar whose works focused on the Sufi tradition, the Kabbalah, and the Traditionalist School.	Leo Schaya	1985
date of death	Henry Glemham (Glenham) (c.1603- 17 January 1670) was an English royalist churchman, Dean of Bristol and Bishop of St Asaph.	Henry Glemham	1670
date of death	Colonel Robert Peel Dawson (1818 -- 2 September 1877) was an Irish Member of the House of Commons at Westminster.	Robert Peel Dawson	2 September 1877
date of death	Shankarrao Salvi (15 July 1931 -- 15 February 2007) was an Indian Kabaddi player, coach and administrator.	Shankarrao Salvi	15 February 2007
date of death	Alexander de Stavenby (or Alexander of Stainsby; died 26 December 1238) was a medieval Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield.	Alexander de Stavenby	26 December 1238
date of death	Donald Alaster Macdonald (6 June 1859 -- 23 November 1932) was an Australian journalist and nature writer.	Donald Alaster Macdonald	23 November 1932
date of death	Agnes Gordon (1906--1967) was a Canadian bridge player.	Agnes Gordon	1967
date of death	Patrick Milne (c. 1755--16 May 1820) was a Scottish landowner, businessman and politician.	Patrick Milne	16 May 1820
date of death	Marcelle Meyer (French: (mɛjɛʁ); 22 May 1897 -- 17 November 1958) was a French pianist.	Marcelle Meyer	17 November 1958
date of death	Caridad Hierrezuelo (El Caney, 1924 -- Havana, 6 February 2009) was a Cuban popular singer.	Caridad Hierrezuelo	6 February 2009
date of death	Tim Souster (29 January 1943 -- 1 March 1994) was a British composer and writer on music, best known for his electronic music output (Jack 1994).	Tim Souster	1 March 1994
date of death	Sulpicia Dryantilla (died 260) was the wife of Regalianus, Roman usurper against Gallienus.	Sulpicia Dryantilla	260
date of death	Erna Steinberg (also Erna Boeck; 30 June 1911 -- 21 April 2001) was a German track and field athlete who specialised in sprinting events.	Erna Steinberg	21 April 2001
date of death	Harry C. Claiborne (January 1859 - 1918) was an American lighthouse keeper.	Harry C. Claiborne	1918
date of death	Ruaidrí ua Canannáin (died 30 November 950) was king of the Cenél Conaill, and according to some sources, High King of Ireland.	Ruaidrí ua Canannáin	950
date of death	Count Pál Széchenyi de Sárvár-Felsővidék (6 November 1838 -- 28 October 1901) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture, Industry and Trade between 1882 and 1889.	Pál Széchenyi	28 October 1901
date of death	Guy Hance (1933 -- 8 January 2008) was a deputy of Front National at the Parliament of Brussels from 1999 to 2004 and from October 2006 to January 2008.	Guy Hance	8 January 2008
date of death	Gerald Wickremesooriya (Sinhalese: ජෙරල්ඩ් වික්‍රමසූරිය; 1920 -- 9 January 2006) is the founder of the Sooriya Record label that produced many popular hits from late 1960's to the early 1980s.	Gerald Wickremesooriya	9 January 2006
date of death	Thomas Preston, 1st Viscount Tara (1585--1655) was an Irish soldier of the 17th century.	Thomas Preston, 1st Viscount Tara	1655
date of death	Christian Stub (1693 -- 18 December 1736) was a Norwegian jurist, law historian and civil servant.	Christian Stub	18 December 1736
date of death	Karol Popiel (28 October 1887, Rzochów - 6 June 1977, Rome) was a Polish politician of Christian democracy faction and writer.	Karol Popiel	6 June 1977
date of death	Owen Price (died 25 November 1671) was a Welsh schoolmaster and writer.	Owen Price	25 November 1671
date of death	Cathal mac Áedo Flaind Chathrach (died 627) was a King of Cashel in Munster from the Glendamnach sept of the Eoganachta.	Cathal mac Áedo	627
date of death	Carlo Hintermann (2 April 1923 -- 7 January 1988) was an Italian film, television and stage actor and voice actor.	Carlo Hintermann	7 January 1988
date of death	Robert Hopton (died 1638) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in two parliaments between 1604 and 1622.	Robert Hopton	1638
date of death	Brigadier General Thomas Stanwix (1670 -- 14 March 1725) was a British Army officer, politician and Governor of Gibraltar.	Thomas Stanwix	14 March 1725
date of death	Paul Droubay (11 September 1926 - 14 January 2013) was an American radio broadcaster located in Utah.	Paul Droubay	14 January 2013
date of death	Don Diego de Guevara (c. 1450--1520) was a Spanish courtier and ambassador who served four, possibly five, successive Dukes of Burgundy, spanning the Valois and Habsburg dynasties, mostly in the Low Countries.	Diego de Guevara	1520
date of death	Walter Colmes (1917--1988) was an American film director and producer sometimes billed as Walter S. Colmes.	Walter Colmes	1988
date of death	Helen Alexander (1654 -- March 1729) was a heroine of the Scottish Covenanters in the unequal struggle between the adherents of ancient Presbyterianism and prelacy.	Helen Alexander	March 1729
date of death	Lester Beall (1903--1969) was an American graphic designer notable as a leading proponent of modernist graphic design in the United States.	Lester Beall	1969
date of death	Sir Hugh de Paduinan (1140 -- 1189) was a Scoto-Norman baron, Knight Templar and progenitor of the Clan Houston.	Hugh de Paduinan	1189
date of death	George Victor Du Noyer (1817 -- 3 January 1869) was an Irish painter, geologist and antiquary of Huguenot descent.	George Victor Du Noyer	3 January 1869
date of death	Renée Richard (1930--31 March 2014) was a renowned French cheesemonger in Lyon and the proprietor of La Mère Richard at Les Halles, 102 Cours Lafayette in Lyons.	Renée Richard	31 March 2014
date of death	Arthur William Gebaur Jr. (February 22, 1919--Missing in Action and presumed dead in Korean War on August 29, 1952) was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for action in the war.	Arthur William Gebaur Jr.	1952
date of death	Maud Humphrey (March 30, 1868 -- 1940) was a commercial illustrator, water colorist, and suffragette from the United States.	Maud Humphrey	1940
date of death	Thomas Raffles Davison ARIBA (1853 - 5 May 1937) was an English architectural illustrator and journalist of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Thomas Raffles Davison	5 May 1937
date of death	Róbert Tábori (November 10, 1855--1906) was a Hungarian author born at Almas and educated in Baja, Budapest, and Vienna.	Róbert Tábori	1906
date of death	Isaac Abendana (ca. 1640 -- 1699) was the younger brother of Jacob Abendana, and became hakam of the Spanish Portuguese Synagogue in London after his brother died.	Isaac Abendana	1699
date of death	Phil Hosking (4 May 1894 - 6 August 1949) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Phil Hosking	6 August 1949
date of death	Liu Guangdi (Chinese: 刘光第; ~1859-1898) was a Chinese government minister during the late Qing dynasty.	Liu Guangdi	1898
date of death	Rudolf Redlinghofer (31 October 1900 -- 11 January 1940) was an Austrian conscientious objector and victim of the Nazi regime.	Rudolf Redlinghofer	11 January 1940
date of death	Sir Thomas Lyttelton, 1st Baronet (1593 -- 22 February 1650) was a Royalist officer from the Lyttelton family during the English Civil War.	Sir Thomas Lyttelton, 1st Baronet	22 February 1650
date of death	Jorge Ginarte (1940 -- 7 June 2010) was an Argentine professional football player and coach.	Jorge Ginarte	7 June 2010
date of death	Bryan Cowgill (27 May 1927 -- 14 July 2008) was a British television executive.	Bryan Cowgill	14 July 2008
date of death	John Cropper (1797--1876) was a British philanthropist and abolitionist.	John Cropper	1876
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel Qazi Altaf Hussain (1920--1999) was an man who served in the British Indian Army later taking up a position in the Army of Pakistan.	Qazi Altaf Hussain	1999
date of death	Therese Krones (7 October 1801 -- 28 December 1830) was an Austrian actress of much ability and grace in comic parts.	Therese Krones	28 December 1830
date of death	Tom Clayton (c. 1880 -- 24 March 1909) was an Australian jockey of the early 19th century.	Tom Clayton	24 March 1909
date of death	Max Vorspan (died June 2002) was an American rabbi, professor, historian, and administrator at the American Jewish University, and leader in the Los Angeles Jewish community.	Max Vorspan	2002
date of death	Oran Wendle Eagleson (1910--1997) was the Callaway Professor of Psychology at Spelman College, Atlanta.	Oran Wendle Eagleson	1997
date of death	Samuel Schulman (14 February 1864 -- 2 November 1955) was an American rabbi.	Samuel Schulman	2 November 1955
date of death	Vishnudevananda Saraswati (31 December 1927 -- 9 November 1993) was a disciple of Sivananda Saraswati, and founder of the International Sivananda Yoga Vedanta Centres and Ashrams.	Vishnudevananda Saraswati	9 November 1993
date of death	Robert the Lotharingian (also known as Robert de Losinga and Robert of Lorraine; died 26 June 1095) was a priest who became Bishop of Hereford following the Norman Conquest of England.	Robert the Lotharingian	26 June 1095
date of death	Eugene Abeshaus (also spelled Evgeny Abezgauz, Евгений Абезгауз in Russian; 1939--2008) was a Jewish artist who worked in Russia (then USSR) and Israel.	Eugene Abeshaus	2008
date of death	Benedetto Ghirlandaio (1458--1497) was an Italian (Florentine) painter.	Benedetto Ghirlandaio	1497
date of death	Sir Thomas Skipwith, 1st Baronet (ca. 1620 -- 2 June 1694) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660.	Sir Thomas Skipwith, 1st Baronet	2 June 1694
date of death	Chauncey Yellow Robe (``Kills in the Woods'') (Canowicakte) (1867--1930) was an educator, lecturer and Native American activist.	Chauncey Yellow Robe	1930
date of death	Peggy Webling (1 January 1871 -- 27 June 1949) was a British playwright, novelist and poet.	Peggy Webling	27 June 1949
date of death	John B. Timberlake (1777--1828) was a protagonist in the American political scandal known as the Petticoat affair.	John B. Timberlake	1828
date of death	Ernest Trumpp (13 March 1828 -- 5 April 1885) was a German philologist and missionary to Sindh Province, Punjab Province, and Peshawar--all part of then-British India before the independence of Pakistan in 1947.	Ernest Trumpp	1885
date of death	Heinrich Leo (17 March 1799 -- 24 April 1878) was a Prussian historian born in Rudolstadt, his father being chaplain to the garrison there.	Heinrich Leo	24 April 1878
date of death	Bogusław Radoszewski (c. 1577--1638) of Oksza coat of arms was a Polish noble and Roman Catholic priest.	Bogusław Radoszewski	1638
date of death	Sir Thomas Widdrington SL (died 13 May 1664) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1664.	Thomas Widdrington	13 May 1664
date of death	Samir Chanda (1957 -- 18 August 2011) was an Indian art director and production designer across Indian cinema, including Hindi, Bengali, Malayalam and Tamil, most known for his work in films like Yodha (1992), Dil Se..	Samir Chanda	18 August 2011
date of death	Sir Edward Hain (December 1851 -- 20 September 1917) was a leading shipping owner in Cornwall, England, and a politician who represented St Ives as a Liberal Unionist from 1900 to 1904, and as a Liberal from 1904 to 1906.	Edward Hain	20 September 1917
date of death	Liang Chongyi (梁崇義) (died 781) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.	Liang Chongyi	781
date of death	George Edwin Butler (1868--1941) was an American lawyer and an author of research studies and works, the most notable of which is his book The Croatan Indians of Sampson County, North Carolina.	George Edwin Butler	1941
date of death	Abd al-Majid ibn Abdun, or in full Abu Mohammed Abd al-Majid ibn Abdun al-Yaburi عبد المجيد بن عبدون اليابري(c. 1050- 1135, died in Évora) was a poet from Al-Andalus.	Abd al-Majid ibn Abdun	1135
date of death	Othon de la Roche, also Otho de la Roche, (died before 1234) was a Burgundian nobleman from the castle of La Roche-sur-l'Ognon.	Othon de la Roche	1234
date of death	Francis Smallman (1565 -- 7 September 1633) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1621 and 1626.	Francis Smallman	7 September 1633
date of death	Isidore Jacques Eggermont (15 May 1844 -- 16 April 1923) was a Belgian diplomat, who was also active as a photographer and writer in North Africa and Asia.	Isidore Jacques Eggermont	16 April 1923
date of death	Curt von Gottberg (11 February 1896 -- 31 May 1945) was a Nazi official and military commander.	Curt von Gottberg	31 May 1945
date of death	Leo Jansen (30 April 1930, The Hague - 20 December 1980) was a Dutch artist known for his portraits.	Leo Jansen	20 December 1980
date of death	Wan Shenzi (simplified Chinese: 万慎子; traditional Chinese: 萬慎子; pinyin: Wàn Shènzǐ; 1856--1923), born in Luzhou, Sichuan, was one of the most famous Chinese couplet writers in the late Qing Dynasty.	Wan Shenzi	1923
date of death	Benedykta Mackieło (1 May 1893 - 1 January 2007) was probably the oldest of Poles.	Benedykta Mackieło	1 January 2007
date of death	Ulrika Åberg (1771--1852) was a Swedish ballerina, one of the first native ballet dancers in the Royal Swedish Ballet, which was in the beginning dominated by foreign dancers.	Ulrika Åberg	1852
date of death	Lea Deutsch (Croatian pronunciation: (lêa dâjtʃ); 18 March 1927 -- May 1943) was a Croatian Jewish child actress who died during the Holocaust.	Lea Deutsch	May 1943
date of death	Giovanni Frattini (8 January 1852 -- 21 July 1925) was an Italian mathematician, noted for his contributions to group theory.	Giovanni Frattini	21 July 1925
date of death	Tarenorerer, also known as Walyer (1800 -- 5 June 1831), was a rebel leader of the Indigenous Australians in Tasmania.	Tarenorerer	1831
date of death	Richard de Fournival or Richart de Fornival (1201 -- ?1260) was a medieval philosopher and trouvère perhaps best known for the Bestiaire d'amour (``The Bestiary of Love'').	Richard de Fournival	1260
date of death	Adolf Naef (1 May 1883 - 11 May 1949) was a Swiss zoologist and palaeontologist who worked on cephalopods and systematics.	Adolf Naef	11 May 1949
date of death	John Edwin Fulton (1869--1945) was a Seventh-day Adventist minister, missionary, and administrator.	John Edwin Fulton	1945
date of death	Charles Étienne Raymond Victor de Verninac (19 November 1803 -- 22 May 1834) was a minor French diplomat, nephew of the painter Eugène Delacroix (1798--1863).	Charles Étienne Raymond Victor de Verninac	22 May 1834
date of death	Enrique Dawi (1927 - 1988) was an Argentine film director and screenplay writer.	Enrique Dawi	1988
date of death	John MacGillivray (18 December 1821 -- 6 June 1867) was a Scottish-naturalist, active in Australia between 1842 and 1867.	John MacGillivray	6 June 1867
date of death	Elisabeth Charlotta Karsten, married surname Kachanoff (1789--1856), was a Swedish painter.	Elisabeth Charlotta Karsten	1856
date of death	Les Tremayne (16 April 1913 -- 19 December 2003) was a radio, film and television actor.	Les Tremayne	19 December 2003
date of death	Sir Francis Norie-Miller, 1st Baronet (11 March 1859 -- 4 July 1947) was a British insurance company manager director.	Francis Norie-Miller	4 July 1947
date of death	Hans Caspar Hirzel (21 March 1725 - 18 February 1803), also known or spelt as - Herzil John Caspar, Kaspar Hirzel, Johann Kasper Herzel, or John Kaspar Hirzel -, was an eminent Swiss physician and writer on rural economy.	Hans Caspar Hirzel	18 February 1803
date of death	Imam Mohamad Jawad Chirri (Arabic: محمد جواد شيري‎) was the founder and was director of the Islamic Center of America until his death in 1994 in Dearborn, Michigan, USA.	Mohamad Jawad Chirri	1994
date of death	Sir Edmund Peirce or Pierse (died 1667), of Greenwich, Kent and Holborn, Middlesex, was an English politician.	Edmund Peirce	1667
date of death	Max Horder (23 March 1923 -- 30 April 1965) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Max Horder	30 April 1965
date of death	Li Guangbi (李光弼) (708 -- August 15, 764), formally Prince Wumu of Linhuai (臨淮武穆王), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, of ethnic Khitan ancestry, who was instrumental in Tang's suppression of the Anshi Rebellion.	Li Guangbi	764
date of death	William Jenkyn (1613--1685) was an English clergyman, imprisoned during the Interregnum for his part in the ``presbyterian plot'' of Christopher Love, ejected minister in 1662, and imprisoned at the end of his life for nonconformity.	William Jenkyn	1685
date of death	Alan Conway (1934 -- 5 December 1998) was an English conman, best known for impersonating film director Stanley Kubrick.	Alan Conway	5 December 1998
date of death	Turkey Tolson Tjupurrula (sometimes just Turkey Tolson; c. 1938 -- 10 August 2001) was a Pintupi-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Turkey Tolson Tjupurrula	10 August 2001
date of death	Allen Raine was the pseudonym of the Welsh novelist Anne Adaliza Beynon Puddicombe (6 October 1836 -- 21 June 1908).	Allen Raine	21 June 1908
date of death	Juliusz Bogdan Deczkowski ``Laudański'' (20 April 1924 in Bydgoszcz -- 22 June 1998 in Ciechocinek) was a noted Polish soldier during World War II, and later an engineer and inventor, as well as writer.	Juliusz Bogdan Deczkowski	22 June 1998
date of death	Jean Gloria Edith Puketapu or Jean Puketapu-Waiwai QSO (26 July 1931 -- 31 July 2012) was a Ngāi Tūhoe Māori language activist and co-founder of the first kōhanga reo.	Jean Puketapu	31 July 2012
date of death	Sir Albanis Beaumont (ca. 1755--1812) draughtsman, aquatint engraver, and landscape painter, was born in Piedmont, but naturalised in England.	Albanis Beaumont	1812
date of death	Sir Creswell Levinz (1627--1701), judge, was the second son of William Levinz, the elder, of Evenley, Northamptonshire, by Mary, second daughter of Richard Creswell of Purston in the same county.	Creswell Levinz	1701
date of death	Stephen Hudson (1868 -- 29 October 1944) is a pseudonym of the British novelist and translator Sydney Schiff, whose work was published in the 1910s, '20s, and '30s.	Stephen Hudson	29 October 1944
date of death	Sir Aston Cockayne, 1st Baronet (1608--1684) was, in his day, a well-known Cavalier and a minor literary figure, now best remembered as a friend of Philip Massinger, John Fletcher, Michael Drayton, Richard Brome, Thomas Randolph, and other writers of his generation.	Aston Cockayne	1684
date of death	Kent Kane Parrot (c. 1882 - March 11, 1956) was an American political figure and attorney who was considered the ``boss'' of municipal politics in Los Angeles, California, in the 1920s.	Kent Kane Parrot	1956
date of death	Captain Elizur Holyoke (c.1618--1676) of Springfield, Massachusetts was the namesake of the mountain, Mount Holyoke, and (indirectly), of the city of Holyoke, Massachusetts.	Elizur Holyoke	1676
date of death	Carl Martin Reinthaler (13 October 1822 -- 13 February 1896) was a German organist, conductor and composer.	Carl Martin Reinthaler	13 February 1896
date of death	Eliyahu Moyal (Hebrew: אליהו מויאל‎, born 2 August 1920, died 6 September 1991) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1974 and 1981.	Eliyahu Moyal	6 September 1991
date of death	Nicholas Tichborne (b. at Hartley Mauditt, Hampshire; executed at Tyburn, London, 24 August 1601) was an English Roman Catholic layman, a recusant and Catholic martyr.	Nicholas Tichborne	24 August 1601
date of death	Guillelma de Rosers (fl. 1235--1265), also spelled Guilleuma, Guillielma, Guilielma, or Guilhelma, was a Provençal trobairitz of the mid-thirteenth century, one of the last known trobairitz.	Guillelma de Rosers	1265
date of death	Rafael Bertrand (20 August 1917 -- 5 October 1982) was a Cuban film actor who worked for many years in the Mexican film industry.	Rafael Bertrand	5 October 1982
date of death	George Smits (Antwerp, 1944--1997), aka 'Toet', was a Belgian visual artist, experimental musician and inventor of experimental musical instruments.	George Smits	1997
date of death	Rachel Gurney (5 March 1920 -- 24 November 2001) was an English actress.	Rachel Gurney	24 November 2001
date of death	Peter Drelincourt (22 July 1644 in Paris -- 7 March 1722 in Armagh), was Dean of Armagh.	Peter Drelincourt	7 March 1722
date of death	Arnold Chernushevich (Russian: Арнольд Петрович Чернушевич, 15 January 1933 -- 2 September 1991) was a Soviet Olympic fencer.	Arnold Chernushevich	2 September 1991
date of death	James Terry White (3 July 1845 in Newburyport, Massachusetts -- 3 April 1920 in Manhattan, New York) was an American publisher and poet.	James Terry White	3 April 1920
date of death	Johnson Chesnut Whittaker (1858--1931) was one of the first black men to win an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point.	Johnson Chesnut Whittaker	1931
date of death	Gaioz Devdariani (Georgian: გაიოზ დევდარიანი) (February 2, 1901 -- 1938) was a prominent Georgian revolutionary, Soviet politician, member of the Georgian National Academy of Sciences and a victim of the Great Purge of 1937.	Gaioz Devdariani	1938
date of death	Jacobs Pier Pander (20 June 1864 -- 6 September 1919) was a Dutch sculptor and designer of medals.	Pier Pander	6 September 1919
date of death	Sir Robert Palk, 1st Baronet (December 1717 -- 29 April 1798) of Haldon House in the parish of Kenn, in Devon, England, was an officer of the British East India Company who served as Governor of the Madras Presidency.	Sir Robert Palk, 1st Baronet	29 April 1798
date of death	Alexander Watt Williamson (1849-1928) in 1874 was the first person to receive a degree from a New Zealand University.	Alexander Watt Williamson	1928
date of death	Alice de la Roche, Lady of Beirut, Regent of Beirut (died 1282) was the wife of John II of Ibelin, Lord of Beirut, in the Kingdom of Jerusalem.	Alice de la Roche	1282
date of death	Jens Aars (1 October 1779 -- 27 March 1834) was a Norwegian priest and Member of Parliament.	Jens Aars	1834
date of death	John Ashburnham, 2nd Earl of Ashburnham, PC (30 October 1724 -- 8 April 1812), styled Viscount St Asaph from 1730 to 1737, was a British peer and courtier.	John Ashburnham, 2nd Earl of Ashburnham	8 April 1812
date of death	Christopher Bernevall, or Barnewall (1370--1446) was an Irish politician and judge who held the offices of Vice-Treasurer of Ireland and Lord Chief Justice of Ireland.	Christopher Bernevall	1446
date of death	Hank Bagby (died 11 December 1993) was originally a singer around Denver in the mid-1940s.	Hank Bagby	11 December 1993
date of death	Félix Boisselier ``the elder'' (13 April 1776 -- 12 January 1811) was a French historical painter.	Félix Boisselier	12 January 1811
date of death	Gabriel Marselis (c. 1575 -- 16 July 1643, Hamburg) was a Dutch merchant.	Gabriel Marselis	1643
date of death	Ahmat Acyl (1944--1982) was a Chadian Arab insurgent leader during the Chadian Civil War.	Ahmat Acyl	1982
date of death	Olaus Andreas Grøndahl (4 November 1847 -- 31 December 1923) was a Norwegian conductor, singing teacher and composer.	Olaus Andreas Grøndahl	31 December 1923
date of death	Michael Lort (1725--1790) was a Welsh clergyman, academic and antiquary.	Michael Lort	1790
date of death	Theodor Granderath (19 June 1839, Giesenkirchen, Rhine Province -- 19 March 1902, Valkenburg, Netherlands) was a German Jesuit scholar.	Theodor Granderath	19 March 1902
date of death	Mal Morgan was an Australian poet, prominent in the Melbourne poetry scene from the 1970s through to his death in 1999.	Mal Morgan	1999
date of death	Robert Scawen (1602--1670) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1670.	Robert Scawen	1670
date of death	Luc Wallays (7 August 1961 -- 5 March 2013) was a Belgian professional racing cyclist.	Luc Wallays	5 March 2013
date of death	Velasquita Ramírez (pronunciation: (βelaskita ramireθ)) (d. c. 1035) was Queen consort of León as the first wife of King Bermudo II and mother of infanta Cristina Bermúdez, wife of Ordoño Ramírez.	Velasquita Ramírez	1035
date of death	John Wesley Neville Martin (1916-17 April 1966) was a Northern Irish politician who served as a member of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the Ulster Unionist Party.	Neville Martin	1966
date of death	Marcus Valerius Probus (c. 20/30 -- 105 AD) of Berytus, was a Roman grammarian and critic, who flourished during Nero's reign.	Marcus Valerius Probus	105
date of death	Sir Charles Marcus Mander, 3rd Baronet (22 September 1921 -- 9 August 2006) was an industrialist, property developer, landowner and farmer.	Charles Marcus Mander	9 August 2006
date of death	Haile Fida languished in prison for some time, until at last he was executed; the circumstances of his death are unclear, but Andargachew Tiruneh states that he was killed two years after his arrest, in 1979.	Haile Fida	1979
date of death	Sir John Rigby Hale (17 September 1923 -- 12 August 1999) was a British historian and translator, best known for his Renaissance studies.	John Rigby Hale	12 August 1999
date of death	Görvel Fadersdotter (Sparre) (1509 or 1517 -- 20 April 1605), was a Danish-Swedish (Scanian) landholder and county administrator.	Görvel Fadersdotter (Sparre)	1605
date of death	Bertrand Hallward (24 May 1901 -- 17 November 2003) was the first Vice-Chancellor of the University of Nottingham.	Bertrand Hallward	17 November 2003
date of death	Giovanni Battista Conforti (fl. 1550--1570) was an Italian composer, born either in Bologna or Parma.	Giovanni Battista Conforti	1570
date of death	Joseph Nigg (13 October 1782 -- 19 September 1863) was an Austrian painter, with painting on porcelain a specialty.	Joseph Nigg	19 September 1863
date of death	Chandler Brossard (July 18, 1922 -- August 29, 1993) was an American novelist, writer, editor, and teacher.	Chandler Brossard	1993
date of death	Giorgi I Dadiani (Georgian: გიორგი I დადიანი; died 1323) was a member of the House of Dadiani and eristavi (``duke'') of Odishi in western Georgia from the late 13th century until his death.	Giorgi I Dadiani	1323
date of death	Sir Anthony Fitzherbert (1470 -- 27 May 1538) was an English judge, scholar and legal author, particularly known for his treatise on English law, New Natura Brevium (1534).	Anthony Fitzherbert	27 May 1538
date of death	Delavan Leonard Pierson (1867-1952), son of Arthur Tappan Pierson, was an American Presbyterian pastor, Christian leader, and writer.	Delavan Leonard Pierson	1952
date of death	Abdul Sattar Baloch or Ostaad Abdul Sattar Baloch (استاد عبدالستار بلوچ:Balochi) (c. 1951--2006) was a Baloch nationalist vocalist and musician.	Abdul Sattar Baloch	2006
date of death	Ignacio Mariano Martinez de Galinsoga (1766 Huesca, Granada - 1797), physician to the Spanish Queen consort Maria Luisa of Parma, founder and director of the Real Jardín Botánico de Madrid, and founder of the Spanish Real Academia Nacional de Medicina.	Ignacio Mariano Martinez de Galinsoga	1797
date of death	Thomas Henry Mahy (5 October 1862 -- 21 April 1936) wrote Dires et Pensées du Courtil Poussin, a regular column in Guernésiais in La Gazette Officielle de Guernesey, from 1916.	Thomas Henry Mahy	1936
date of death	Erich Jantsch (8 January 1929 -- 12 December 1980) was an Austrian-born American astrophysicist, engineer, educator, author, consultant and futurist, especially known for his work in the social systems design movement in Europe in the 1970s.	Erich Jantsch	12 December 1980
date of death	Samuel Isaac Joseph Schereschewsky (pronounced skĕr-ĕs-kūs'kĭ Chinese: 施約瑟; 6 May 1831 -- 15 October 1906), also known as Joseph Schereschewsky, was the Anglican Bishop of Shanghai, China, from 1877 to 1884.	Samuel Isaac Joseph Schereschewsky	15 October 1906
date of death	Barna Buza (1 January 1873 -- 2 May 1944) was a Hungarian politician and jurist, who served as Minister of Agriculture from 1918 to 1919 and as interim Minister of Justice for few days in 1918.	Barna Buza	2 May 1944
date of death	Thomas Inch (27 December 1881 in Scarborough, England -- 12 December 1963) held the titles of Britain's Strongest Youth and Britain's Strongest Man.	Thomas Inch	12 December 1963
date of death	Rhygyfarch or Rhigyfarch (in contemporary late Old Welsh orthography Ricemarch, 1057--1099), eldest son of Sulien, whom he may have succeeded in 1091 as Bishop of St David's, was the author of the standard Life of Saint David.	Rhigyfarch	1099
date of death	Father José Joaquin Jimeno (1804--1856) was a Spanish missionary to the Americas.	José Joaquin Jimeno	1856
date of death	Thomas James Macnamara PC (23 August 1861 -- 3 December 1931) was a British teacher, educationalist and radical Liberal politician.	Thomas James Macnamara	3 December 1931
date of death	Henry Berkeley, 7th Baron Berkeley (26 November 1534- 26 November 1613) was an English peer and politician.	Henry Berkeley, 7th Baron Berkeley	26 November 1613
date of death	Antony Barrington Brown (13 July 1927 -- 24 January 2012) was a designer, photographer and explorer.	Antony Barrington Brown	24 January 2012
date of death	Jocasta Innes (21 May 1934 -- 20 April 2013) was a British writer, journalist and businesswoman.	Jocasta Innes	20 April 2013
date of death	Sylvia Agnes Sophia Tait (8 January 1917 -- 28 February 2003) (née Wardropper, known as Sylvia Simpson from 1941 to 1956) was an English biochemist and endocrinologist.	Sylvia Agnes Sophia Tait	28 February 2003
date of death	Joseph Black FRSE FRCPE FPSG (16 April 1728 -- 6 December 1799) was a Scottish physician and chemist, known for his discoveries of magnesium, latent heat, specific heat, and carbon dioxide.	Joseph Black	6 December 1799
date of death	Zhao Yin (趙隱) (died 881), courtesy name Dayin (大隱), formally the Count of Tianshui (天水伯), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Yizong and Emperor Yizong's son Emperor Xizong.	Zhao Yin	881
date of death	William Frederick Eberlein (June 25, 1917, Shawano, Wisconsin -- 1986, Rochester, New York) was an American mathematician, specializing in mathematical analysis and mathematical physics.	William Frederick Eberlein	1986
date of death	Girolamo Mei (27 May 1519 -- July 1594) was an Italian historian and humanist, famous in music history for providing the intellectual impetus to the Florentine Camerata, which attempted to revive ancient Greek music drama.	Girolamo Mei	July 1594
date of death	Frederick Wedmore (9 July 1844 -- 25 February 1921) was an English art critic and man of letters.	Frederick Wedmore	25 February 1921
date of death	Elias Durnford (13 June 1739 -- 21 June 1794) was a British army officer and civil engineer who is best known for surveying the town of Pensacola and laying out a city plan based on two public places (now the Plaza Ferdinand VII and the Seville Square).	Elias Durnford	21 June 1794
date of death	Edmund Wierciński (1899-1955) was a Polish stage director, actor and educator.	Edmund Wierciński	1955
date of death	Pietro Bargagli (2 August 1844, Siena -- November 1918 Florence) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.	Pietro Bargagli	November 1918
date of death	John P. Shanley (1915 -- November 28, 1985) was an American journalist, specializing in radio, television and drama, who worked, from 1937 to 1963, for The New York Times where he won five publisher's awards.	John P. Shanley	1985
date of death	Hugh McAteer (Irish: Aodh Mac an tSaoir; 1917 -- June 1972) was a volunteer in, and leader of, the Irish Republican Army.	Hugh McAteer	1972
date of death	James Mullin (1846-1920) was born in Cookstown, County Tyrone.	James Mullin	1920
date of death	Cyrus Thompson (1855--1930) was a politician and leader of the Populist Party in the U.S. state of North Carolina.	Cyrus Thompson	1930
date of death	George Leslie Hunter (7 August 1877 -- 7 December 1931), was christened simply George Hunter, but he adopted the name Leslie in San Francisco, and Leslie Hunter, became his professional name.	Leslie Hunter	7 December 1931
date of death	Konrad Eberhard (25 November 1768 -- 12 March 1859), a German historical painter, better known as a sculptor, was one of the foremost artists of the so-called Nazarene School, which at one time gathered round Friedrich Overbeck in Rome.	Konrad Eberhard	12 March 1859
date of death	Curry Carter (April 17, 1892 - May 1970) was a Virginia Democratic politician from Staunton, Virginia.	Curry Carter	May 1970
date of death	Hajj Sa'id al-Shawwa (Arabic: الحـاج سعيد الشوا‎) (1868--October 1930) was a Palestinian Arab politician and the first mayor of Gaza, serving from 1906 to 1917.	Sa'id al-Shawwa	October 1930
date of death	Sophus Black (2 May 1882 - 22 December 1960) was a Danish telegraph manager and art collector.	Sophus Black	22 December 1960
date of death	Jacob van Campen (2 February 1596 -- 13 September 1657), was a Dutch artist and architect of the Golden Age.	Jacob van Campen	13 September 1657
date of death	Sofie Helene Wigert (née Olsen; 25 August 1913 -- 9 September 1989) was a Norwegian ship owner, Riksmål activist and magazine editor.	Sofie Helene Wigert	1989
date of death	Walter I Grenier (or Walter of Caesarea) (died 1154) was the Lord of Caesarea in the Kingdom of Jerusalem, succeeding his father Eustace (died 1123).	Walter I Grenier	1154
date of death	Gugsa Welle (1875 -- 31 March 1930), also known as Gugsa Wale, Gugsa Wolie and Gugsa Wele, was an army commander and a member of the Royal family of the Ethiopian Empire.	Gugsa Welle	31 March 1930
date of death	Sir Lancelot Shadwell (3 May 1779 -- 10 August 1850) was a barrister at Lincoln's Inn and was Member of Parliament (MP) for Ripon from 1826 to 1827 before becoming Vice-Chancellor of England in 1827.	Lancelot Shadwell	10 August 1850
date of death	Indira Devi, born as Indira Raje (19 February 1892 -- 6 September 1968), was the consort of Jitendra Narayan, Maharaja of Cooch Behar, and a princess of Baroda State in her own right.	Indira Devi	6 September 1968
date of death	Karen Grude Koht (16 November 1871-- 10 July 1960) was a Norwegian educationalist, essayist and feminist pioneer.	Karen Grude Koht	10 July 1960
date of death	Denzil Dean Harber (1909-1966) was an early British Trotskyist leader and later in his life a prominent British ornithologist.	Denzil Dean Harber	1966
date of death	Manga Sewa (died 1884) was a Yalunka paramount chief in Sierra Leone who blew up a magazine and much of Falaba, the capital of Solimana, killing himself, his family and other leaders, rather than let it fall to Samori Toure's army.	Manga Sewa	1884
date of death	Major General William Alan Beevor Steele CBE (4 February 1895 -- 20 January 1966) was a general in the Australian Army during the Second World War.	William Alan Beevor Steele	20 January 1966
date of death	Guiliam or Willem Backereel (1570 in Antwerp -- 10 August 1626 in Rome), was a Flemish Baroque landscape painter.	Willem Backereel	10 August 1626
date of death	Johnson Collins, also referred to as Collin Collins, (1847 - 1906) was an African-American politician, known for representing Brunswick County in the 1879--1880 session of the Virginia General Assembly.	Johnson Collins	1906
date of death	Sir Edward Bayntun (1480 -- 27 November? 1544), of Bromham, Wiltshire, was a gentleman at the court of Henry VIII of England.	Edward Bayntun	1544
date of death	Sarah Charlotte, Lady Campbell-Bannerman (née Bruce; 1832 -- 30 August 1906) was the wife of British Prime Minister Henry Campbell-Bannerman.	Charlotte, Lady Campbell-Bannerman	1906
date of death	Leon Kobrin (18731--1946) was a playwright in Yiddish theater, writer of short stories and novels, and a translator.	Leon Kobrin	1946
date of death	Roger Woddis (17 May 1917- 16 July 1993) was a writer and humorous poet.	Roger Woddis	16 July 1993
date of death	Anna Charlotta Schröderheim, née Anna Charlotta von Stapelmohr, also called Ann-Charlotte or Anne-Charlotte, (24 September 1754 -- 1 January 1791), was a Swedish noble, wit and salonist, spouse of the politician Elis Schröderheim.	Anna Charlotta Schröderheim	1 January 1791
date of death	Janet Lees Price (19 April 1943 -- 22 May 2012) was a British actress with many television credits to her name, including:	Janet Lees Price	22 May 2012
date of death	Robert Barclay Fox (24 July 1873 -- 22 April 1934) was a Falmouth businessman and Conservative Party politician in Cornwall.	Robert Barclay Fox	22 April 1934
date of death	Reuben Ward Binks (1880, Bolton, Lancashire -- 17 May 1950, Westmorland) was a noted English artist in canine portraiture, Lakeland landscapes and wildlife painting.	Reuben Ward Binks	17 May 1950
date of death	Sir Edward Charles Dodds, 1st Baronet MVO FRS FRCP (13 October 1899 -- 16 December 1973) was a British biochemist.	Charles Dodds	16 December 1973
date of death	Pavle Bakić (Serbian: Павле Бакић, Hungarian: Bakith Pál; ca. 1525 - 20 September 1537) was the last Despot of Serbia, he ruled a large territory under the Hungarian crown until his death in 1537.	Pavle Bakić	20 September 1537
date of death	Grand Duke Vyacheslav Constantinovich of Russia, (13 July 1862 -- 27 February 1879), was a Romanov grand duke and the youngest son of Grand Duke Constantine Nicholaevich of Russia and his wife Grand Duchess Alexandra Iosifovna.	Grand Duke Vyacheslav Constantinovich of Russia	27 February 1879
date of death	Ernie McMaster (7 October 1887 -- 5 December 1971) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ernie McMaster	5 December 1971
date of death	In 1627 Thomas Tsugi became a martyr as he was burned to death in Nagasaki, Japan -- along with several companions -- for the faith.	Thomas Tsugi	1627
date of death	William Cooley (1783--1863) was one of the first American settlers, and a regional leader, in what is now known as Broward County, in the US state of Florida.	William Cooley	1863
date of death	James M. Dabbs, Jr. (1937--2004) was a social psychologist and professor of psychology at Georgia State University.	James M. Dabbs, Jr.	2004
date of death	Jean Mathieu Seras or Serras (16 April 1765 -- 14 April 1815) was born in northwest Italy, but adhered to the French Revolution and joined the French army.	Jean Mathieu Seras	14 April 1815
date of death	William Newport Goodell (1908--1999) was an American artist, craftsman, and educator.	William Newport Goodell	1999
date of death	Áed Dibchine mac Senaig (died 595) was a King of Leinster from the Uí Máil branch of the Laigin.	Áed Dibchine	595
date of death	Enda Marren (10 December 1934 -- 8 March 2013) was a solicitor and a former member of the Irish Council of State.	Enda Marren	8 March 2013
date of death	Wojciech Wiszniewski (22 February 1946 in Łódź - 21 February 1981 in Warsaw) was a Polish filmmaker who mainly directed faux documentaries.	Wojciech Wiszniewski	21 February 1981
date of death	Sir Kenneth James Muir MacKenzie (1 May 1882 -- 3 June 1931) was a British soldier, lawyer, and judge.	Kenneth James Muir MacKenzie	3 June 1931
date of death	He Zhuguo (simplified Chinese: 何柱国; traditional Chinese: 何柱國; pinyin: Hé Zhùguó; Wade--Giles: Ho2 Chu4-kuo2; 1897--1985) was a Kuomintang (KMT) general from Rong County, Guangxi.	He Zhuguo	1985
date of death	Jane Gomeldon (née Jane Middleton; c. 1720 -- 1779) was an English writer, poet and adventurer.	Jane Gomeldon	1779
date of death	Wiyogo Atmodarminto (22 November 1922 -- 19 October 2012), popularly known as Bang Wi, was a former Indonesian army general and diplomat.	Wiyogo Atmodarminto	19 October 2012
date of death	Remi Schrijnen (or Richard; sometimes spelt Remy; 24 December 1921 -- 27 July 2006) was a Belgian volunteer in the German army.	Remi Schrijnen	27 July 2006
date of death	George Pellew (1793--1866) was an English churchman and theologian, Dean of Norwich from 1828.	George Pellew	1866
date of death	McDonald Clarke (1798--1842) was a poet of some fame in New York City in the early part of the 19th century.	McDonald Clarke	1842
date of death	Mansel Longworth Dames (1850--1922) was a scholar of oriental and Portuguese languages.	Mansel Longworth Dames	1922
date of death	William Rintoul OBE (1870 -- 25 August 1936) was a British chemist and President of the Faraday Society between 1934 and 1936.	William Rintoul	25 August 1936
date of death	Aaron Walden (born at Warsaw about 1835, died 1912) was a Polish Jewish Talmudist, editor, and author.	Aaron Walden	1912
date of death	Gilles Latulippe (31 August 1937 -- 23 September 2014) was a Québécois actor, comedian and theatre director and manager.	Gilles Latulippe	23 September 2014
date of death	Iris Habib Elmasry (إيريس حبيب المصري) was a prominent Coptic Historian (1910--1994).	Iris Habib Elmasry	1994
date of death	James Bloodsworth (7 March 1759 -- 21 March 1804) was a convict sentenced for the theft of one game cock and two hens at Esher, Surrey.	James Bloodsworth	21 March 1804
date of death	Edward Adrian Wilson FZS (``Uncle Bill'') (23 July 1872 -- 29 March 1912) was an English physician, polar explorer, natural historian, painter and ornithologist.	Edward Adrian Wilson	29 March 1912
date of death	Enrique Sorrel Contreras (3 February 1912 -- 26 October 1991) was a Chilean former footballer and manager.	Enrique Sorrel	26 October 1991
date of death	Juanita Martínez (1925-2001) was an Argentine vedette, who starred in revue shows.	Juanita Martínez	2001
date of death	Rabindra Kumar Das Gupta (11 July 1915 -- 3 February 2009) was a Bengali Indian scholar of Bengali and English literature and a social and cultural commentator.	Rabindra Kumar Das Gupta	3 February 2009
date of death	Sir Henry Lewis Guy CBE, FRS, (15 June 1887 -- 20 July 1956) was a leading British mechanical engineer, notable in particular for his work on steam turbine design.	Henry Lewis Guy	20 July 1956
date of death	Rik Battaglia (byname of Caterino Bertaglia; 18 February 1927 -- 27 March 2015) was an Italian film actor.	Rik Battaglia	27 March 2015
date of death	Yitskhok Rudashevski (10 December 1927, Vilnius -- 1 October 1943) was a young Jewish teenager who lived in the Vilna Ghetto in Lithuania during the 1940s.	Yitskhok Rudashevski	October 1943
date of death	Justus Menius (13 December 1499 -- 11 August 1558) was a German Lutheran pastor, whose name is Latinized from Jost or Just (i.e. Jodocus) Menig.	Justus Menius	11 August 1558
date of death	Franklin E. Morales (1884 -- 1962) was an American Diplomat.	Franklin E. Morales	1962
date of death	Charles d'Helfer (1598--1661) was a French baroque composer and maître de musique at Soissons Cathedral.	Charles d'Helfer	1661
date of death	Higaonna Kanryu (1849-1922) was a Ryukyuan karateka well known for his calligraphy and Chinese studies as well as his martial arts.	Higaonna Kanryu	1922
date of death	William Percival Crozier (1 August 1879 -- 16 April 1944) was a British journalist and editor of the Manchester Guardian from 1932, when he succeeded Ted Scott, who had died in a sailing accident, until his death in 1944.	William Percival Crozier	16 April 1944
date of death	Alexander Muirhead, FRS, (26 May 1848 -- 13 December 1920) born in East Saltoun, East Lothian, Scotland was an electrical engineer specialising in wireless telegraphy.	Alexander Muirhead	13 December 1920
date of death	Charles Kemball PRSE FRS FRSC FRIC (27 March 1923, Edinburgh -- 4 September 1998, Tyninghame) was a Scottish chemist who served as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (1988--91) and as President of the Royal Institute of Chemistry (1974-6).	Charles Kemball	1998
date of death	Blasius of Parma (Biagio Pelacani da Parma) (c. 1365 -- 1416) was an Italian philosopher, mathematician and astrologer.	Blasius of Parma	1416
date of death	Barry Took (/ˈbæri ˈtʊk/, 19 June 1928 -- 31 March 2002) was an English writer, television presenter and comedian.	Barry Took	31 March 2002
date of death	Isobel Wylie Hutchison (30 May 1889--20 February 1982) was a Scottish Arctic traveller and botanist.	Isobel Wylie Hutchison	1982
date of death	Thomas Ballantyne (13 August 1829 -- 29 June 1908) was a Canadian politician and Speaker of the Ontario Legislature.	Thomas Ballantyne	29 June 1908
date of death	Agnes Morley Cleaveland (1874--1958) was an American writer and cattle rancher who lived in New Mexico and California.	Agnes Morley Cleaveland	1958
date of death	Arthur Sperry Pearse (1877--1956) was a botanist and zoologist from the United States.	Arthur Sperry Pearse	1956
date of death	George Henry Harlow (10 June 1787 -- 4 February 1819), was a highly regarded English portrait painter.	George Henry Harlow	4 February 1819
date of death	Alfred Auguste Nemours (13 July 1883 - 17 October 1955) was a Haitian General, diplomat and military historian.	Alfred Auguste Nemours	17 October 1955
date of death	H. Price McGrath (1813-July 1881) was a ``sporting-man'' who opened the first gambling house in the American South, and bred the race horse, Aristides, the winner of the first Kentucky Derby in 1875.	H. Price McGrath	July 1881
date of death	Delfim Ferreira (1888-1960) was an important Portuguese entrepreneur, born in the town of Riba d'Ave, Vila Nova de Famalição.	Delfim Ferreira	1960
date of death	Ludwig Mactarian (1908--1955; sometimes spelled 'MacTarian') was an American painter, muralist, and illustrator.	Ludwig Mactarian	1955
date of death	Norm Marshall (1918 -- 5 November 2008) was a Canadian radio and television broadcaster.	Norm Marshall	5 November 2008
date of death	Edward Meetkerke (1590--1657) was an English clergyman and academic, Regius Professor of Hebrew at Oxford from 1620.	Edward Meetkerke	1657
date of death	Fei Wuji (Chinese: 費無極 or 費無忌; died 515 BCE) was a corrupt official of the state of Chu during the reign of King Ping whose persecution of Crown Prince Jian and the family of Wu Zixu led to the defeat and decline of Chu.	Fei Wuji	515 BCE
date of death	Guan Pinghu (管平湖) (March 4, 1897-- March 28, 1967), was a leading player of the guqin (古琴), a Chinese 7-string bridgeless zither.	Guan Pinghu	1967
date of death	Luca Bati (1546 -- 17 October 1608) was an Italian Baroque composer and music teacher.	Luca Bati	17 October 1608
date of death	Jatri Uld Said Uld Yumani (Smara, Sahara Spanish, 1921 -- † Rabat, Morocco, 21 December 1993) was a Sahrawi politician, professional grazier, procurator of the Cortes Españolas and president of the Djema'a.	Jatri Uld Said Uld Yumani	21 December 1993
date of death	Justice Ephraim Akpata died on 8 January 2000 at the age of 72.	Ephraim Akpata	8 January 2000
date of death	Lieutenant Sir William Earle Welby, 2nd Baronet (14 November 1768 -- 3 November 1852) was a British land-owner, baronet and Member of Parliament for Grantham from 1807 to 1820.	Sir William Earle Welby, 2nd Baronet	3 November 1852
date of death	Duan Yucai (Chinese: 段玉裁) (1735--1815), courtesy name Ruoying (若膺) was a Chinese philologist of the Qing Dynasty.	Duan Yucai	1815
date of death	Hideo Shiraki (白木秀雄; born 1 January 1933 in Tokyo; died 31 August 1972) was a Japanese jazz drummer and bandleader, best known for his work in the 1950s and 1960s.	Hideo Shiraki	31 August 1972
date of death	Szymon Okolski (1580--1653), also known as Simon Okolski, was a well-known Polish-Lithuanian historian, theologian, and specialist in heraldry.	Szymon Okolski	1653
date of death	Józef Buzek (16 November 1873 in Końska - 22 September 1936 in Cieszyn) was a Polish lawyer, economist, statistician and politician from the region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Józef Buzek	22 September 1936
date of death	Bernhard Keil or Keyl (1624 -- 3 February 1687) was a Danish Baroque painter who became a pupil of Rembrandt.	Bernhard Keil	3 February 1687
date of death	Richard Swinefield (or Richard de Swinfield; died 15 March 1317) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford, England.	Richard Swinefield	15 March 1317
date of death	Mardochée Valabrègue (20 September 1852 - 26 March 1934) was a French soldier and the successor of Général Alexandre Percin as Chief of Staff for Minister of War Louis André.	Mardochée Valabrègue	26 March 1934
date of death	Alice Mona Caird (née Alice Mona Alison, married name Alice Mona Henryson-Caird) (1854--1932) was a Scottish novelist and essayist whose feminist views sparked controversy in the late 19th century.	Mona Caird	1932
date of death	Obadiah Grew (1607--1689) was an English nonconformist minister.	Obadiah Grew	1689
date of death	Dr Andrew Commins (1829 -- 7 January 1916) was an Irish lawyer and politician.	Andrew Commins	7 January 1916
date of death	Sir Thomas Malory (c. 1415-18 - 14 March, 1471) was an English writer, the author or compiler of Le Morte d'Arthur.	Thomas Malory	14 March, 1471
date of death	Rasamanohari Pulendran (Tamil: இராசமனோகரி புலேந்திரன்; 7 February 1949 -- 30 December 2014) was a Sri Lankan Tamil politician, Member of Parliament and state minister.	Rasamanohari Pulendran	30 December 2014
date of death	Kostia Vlastos (1883--1967) was a Greek of the diaspora, scion of a family of bankers, whose origins are from the island of Chios.	Kostia Vlastos	1967
date of death	Gil Heron (9 April 1922 -- 27 November 2008) was a Jamaican professional footballer.	Gil Heron	27 November 2008
date of death	Sharon Anderson-Gold died from cancer on 26 September 2011.	Sharon Anderson-Gold	26 September 2011
date of death	Addams Stratton McAllister, Ph.D. (24 February 1875 in Covington, Va., USA -- 26 November 1946 in Clifton Forge, Va.)	Addams Stratton McAllister	26 November 1946
date of death	Anna Robena Laidlaw or Anna Robena Thomson (30 April 1819 -- 29 May 1901) was a British pianist.	Anna Robena Laidlaw	29 May 1901
date of death	Hiravijaya ji (1526--1595 C.E) (also known as Muni Hiravijayji and Hiravijay Suri ) was the supreme pontiff of Tapa Gachcha order of Jain Svetambara tradition.	Hiravijaya	1595
date of death	Kwek Hong Png (Chinese: 郭芳枫; pinyin: Guō Fāngfēng; 1912 -- 8 November 1994) was a Singaporean businessperson, known for establishing Hong Leong Group, of which he was also chairperson.	Kwek Hong Png	1994
date of death	Otto Winter-Hjelm (8 October 1837 -- 3 May 1931) was a Norwegian musician, conductor, writer, composer and music critic.	Otto Winter-Hjelm	3 May 1931
date of death	Edward Griffin Parker (November 16, 1825-March 30. 1868) was a United States lawyer, editor and author.	Edward Griffin Parker	1868
date of death	R. K. Narayan (10 October 1906 -- 13 May 2001), full name Rasipuram Krishnaswami Iyer Narayanaswami, was an Indian writer, best known for his works set in the fictional South Indian town of Malgudi.	R. K. Narayan	13 May 2001
date of death	Commander Francis Spring Rice, 4th Baron Monteagle of Brandon (1 October 1852 -- 22 December 1937) was an Anglo-Irish peer.	Francis Spring Rice, 4th Baron Monteagle of Brandon	22 December 1937
date of death	Malik Ishaq (Urdu: ملک اسحاق ‎; 1959 -- 29 July 2015) was a Pakistani militant, Sunni supremacist, and leader of globally designated terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Jhangvi (LeJ).	Malik Ishaq	29 July 2015
date of death	Fred Webber (28 April 1883 -- 7 September 1966) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Webber	7 September 1966
date of death	Jeremiah Basse (died 1725) was a governor of both West and East Jersey.	Jeremiah Basse	1725
date of death	Jimmy Bharucha, called a 'colossus in Sri Lanka's broadcasting world' died in Colombo in June 2005.	Jimmy Bharucha	2005
date of death	Ibn Abi al-Ashʿath (Arabic: أحمد بن محمد بن محمد بن أبي الأشعث‎; d. 975 CE) was a Persian physician of medieval Islam.	Ibn Abi al-Ashʿath	975
date of death	Gopala Bhatta Goswami (1503--1578) is one of the foremost disciples of the Vaishnava saint, Chaitanya Mahaprabhu, and a leading historical figure in the Gaudiya Vaishnava school of Hinduism.	Gopala Bhatta Goswami	1578
date of death	Berenguer de Cruïlles was bishop of Girona, (Catalonia), (1349--1362) and first President of the Generalitat de Catalunya (1359--1362) in the 14th century.	Berenguer de Cruïlles	1362
date of death	Sir Arthur Renwick (30 May 1837 -- 23 November 1908) was an Australian physician, politician and philanthropist.	Arthur Renwick	23 November 1908
date of death	Tom Tombrello (1936--2014) was a Caltech H. Goddard Professor of Physics.	Tom Tombrello	2014
date of death	Henry William Massingham (25 May 1860 - 27 August 1924) was an English journalist, editor of The Nation from 1907 to 1923.	Henry William Massingham	27 August 1924
date of death	Elbeg Nigülesügchi Khan (1361--1399) was a Mongol Khan of the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia.	Elbeg Nigülesügchi Khan	1399
date of death	Chanda Sahib (died 14 June 1752) was the Mughal Empire's Sepoy, Divan of the Carnatic, Sipahsalar of the Carnatic, Faujdar and Nawab of the Carnatic between 1749 and 1752.	Chanda Sahib	14 June 1752
date of death	Erwin Koopmann (1 January 1900 -- 10 November 1943) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded several corps.	Erwin Koopmann	10 November 1943
date of death	William Archibald Spooner (22 July 1844 -- 29 August 1930) was a long-serving Oxford don, notable for absent-mindedness, who was liable to mix-up the syllables in a spoken phrase, with unintentionally comic effect.	William Archibald Spooner	29 August 1930
date of death	Johanna Chandler (1820 -- 12 January 1875) was a British founder of a home for the paralysed which is now the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery	Johanna Chandler	1875
date of death	Olga Imerslund (9 April 1907 -- 23 August 1987) was a renowned Norwegian pediatrician best known for her contribution to identification and naming of the Imerslund-Gräsbeck syndrome.	Olga Imerslund	23 August 1987
date of death	William I. Bertsche (1918--1998) was an American commercial translator.	William I. Bertsche	1998
date of death	George P. Oslin (1899 -- October 24, 1996) was an American reporter, executive at Western Union and author on the history of telecommunication.	George P. Oslin	1996
date of death	Grace Burrows (b. 29 June 1893 d. 1980?) was an English violinist, violin teacher and orchestra conductor.	Grace Burrows	1980
date of death	Catherine Norton Sinclair (1817-1891) was an actress-manager who worked with such notable actors as Junius Brutus Booth, Edwin Booth, and Laura Keene.	Catherine Norton Sinclair	1891
date of death	Errikos Kontarinis (Greek: Ερρίκος Κονταρίνης,1906--1971) was a Greek actor and cinematographer.	Errikos Kontarinis	1971
date of death	Van Day Truex (March 5, 1904 -- 1979) was an American fashion designer.	Van Day Truex	1979
date of death	William Brydone Jack, (23 November 1817 -- 23 November 1886), was the University of New Brunswick's first surveying professor and its second president (1861-1885).	William Brydone Jack	23 November 1886
date of death	James Murrell (c. 1785 -- 16 December 1860), also known as Cunning Murrell, was an English cunning man, or professional folk magician, who spent most of his life in the town of Hadleigh in the eastern English county of Essex.	James Murrell	16 December 1860
date of death	Sir Charles Francis Noel Murless (24 March 1910 -- 9 May 1987) was a British racehorse trainer.	Noel Murless	9 May 1987
date of death	Israel Moses Hazan, Sephardic rabbi, Smyrna 1808-Beirut Oct 1862.	Israel Moses Hazan	1862
date of death	Meskerem Legesse (28 September 1986 -- 15 July 2013) was an Ethiopian distance runner.	Meskerem Legesse	15 July 2013
date of death	Hans Paus (born 1656 in Hjartdal -- 18 March 1715) was a Norwegian priest and poet.	Hans Paus	1715
date of death	Philip Babcock Gove (1902--1972) was an American lexicographer who was editor-in-chief of the Webster's Third New International Dictionary, published in 1961.	Philip Babcock Gove	1972
date of death	Maurits Pasques de Chavonnes (1654--8 September 1724) was governor of the Cape of Good Hope from 1714 till 1721.	Maurits Pasques de Chavonnes	1724
date of death	Thomas Manners-Sutton, 1st Baron Manners PC, KC (24 February 1756 -- 31 May 1842), was a British lawyer and politician who served as Lord Chancellor of Ireland from 1807 to 1827.	Thomas Manners-Sutton, 1st Baron Manners	31 May 1842
date of death	Tommaso Lancisi (1603--1682) was an Italian painter, active in a Baroque style.	Tommaso Lancisi	1682
date of death	John Spens, Lord Condie (1520?--1573) was a Scottish lawyer and judge who became Lord Advocate.	John Spens, Lord Condie	1573
date of death	Lily Dampier (Jan 1859 or 1867 or 1868 -6 February 1915) was an Australian actor of stage and screen.	Lily Dampier	1915
date of death	Father Julian Astromov, SJ (1820 - 1913) was a Russian Catholic priest.	Julian Astromov	1913
date of death	Humphrys Henry Clay Miller, or H.H.C. Miller (1845--1910), was a Chicago attorney, and civic leader and three-term mayor of Evanston, Illinois.	H.H.C. Miller	1910
date of death	William Downie (1820--1893) was a Scottish prospector and explorer involved in the gold rushes in California and British Columbia of the mid-19th Century.	William Downie	1893
date of death	Walther Flemming (21 April 1843 -- 4 August 1905) was a German biologist and a founder of cytogenetics.	Walther Flemming	4 August 1905
date of death	Claud Lovelace (16 January 1934 -- 7 September 2012) was a theoretical physicist noted for his contributions to string theory, specifically, the idea that strings did not have to be restricted to the four dimensions of spacetime.	Claud Lovelace	7 September 2012
date of death	Vera Poska-Grünthal (1898--1986) was a leading Estonian feminist.	Vera Poska-Grünthal	1986
date of death	Julian Thoby Stephen (1880 -- 20 November 1906), known as the Goth, was the brother of Vanessa Bell and Virginia Woolf, both prominent members of the Bloomsbury Group, and of Adrian Stephen.	Thoby Stephen	20 November 1906
date of death	William Pitts II (1790--1840) was an English silver-chaser and sculptor.	William Pitts II	1840
date of death	Thomas Digges (/dɪɡz/; c. 1546 -- 24 August 1595) was an English mathematician and astronomer.	Thomas Digges	24 August 1595
date of death	John Appleton Brown (1844--1902) was an American painter, born in Newburyport, Mass. He studied in Boston under Benjamin C. Porter, and afterward under Emile Lambinet in Paris.	John Appleton Brown	1902
date of death	Niel Gow (1727--1807) was the most famous Scottish fiddler and dancie (travelling dance instructor and bard) of the eighteenth century.	Niel Gow	1807
date of death	John Bekinsau (1496?--1559) was an English classical scholar and theologian.	John Bekinsau	1559
date of death	Phoui Sananikone (1903 -- 4 December 1983 in Paris) was Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Laos on two occasions in 1950 to 1951 and again from 1958 to 1959, and also served as Foreign Minister on multiple occasions.	Phoui Sananikone	4 December 1983
date of death	Shin Don (신돈, 1322~1371) was a Korean Buddhist monk and scholar during the Goryeo Dynasty;	Shin Don	1371
date of death	Htin Gyi (Burmese: ထင်ကြီး; ca. 1916 -- January 2004), also called Tekkatho Htin Gyi or Tin Maung, was a Burmese writer and journalist who spent his life studying Myanmar literature and the press.	Htin Gyi	January 2004
date of death	John Scott, 1st Earl of Eldon PC KC FRS FSA (4 June 1751 -- 13 January 1838) was a British barrister and politician.	John Scott, 1st Earl of Eldon	13 January 1838
date of death	Retiring from the Army in 1976, John McGhie continued work as a consultant psychiatrist to government bodies and was appointed President of the Ministry of Defence Army Medical Board, finally retiring in the year of his death, dying at Lenham, Kent, on 12 September 1985.	John McGhie	12 September 1985
date of death	Bjarne Jullum (25 June 1894 -- 22 September 1973) was a Norwegian journalist, cooperativist and politician for the Labour and Communist parties.	Bjarne Jullum	22 September 1973
date of death	Sir Francis Wyndham, 1st Baronet (c. 1612 -- 15 July 1676) of Trent in Somerset (now in Dorset) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons of England in 1640.	Sir Francis Wyndham, 1st Baronet	15 July 1676
date of death	Valentin Kuzmin (Russian: Валентин Кузьмин; 4 January 1941 -- 2008) was a Russian butterfly swimmer who won one silver and three gold medals at the European championships in 1962 and 1966.	Valentin Kuzmin	2008
date of death	William George Woodger (12 December 1887 -- 25 January 1979) was an Australian army officer, auctioneer, real estate agent, soldier and stock and station agent.	William George Woodger	25 January 1979
date of death	Blessed Maurus Scott (c. 1579 -- 30 May 1612), born William Scott, was an English lawyer who became a Benedictine monk and priest, serving as a missionary in England during the period of recusancy.	Maurus Scott	1612
date of death	Teófilo Carvalho dos Santos (4 September 1906 in Lisbon -- 1986), was a Portuguese politician.	Teófilo Carvalho dos Santos	1986
date of death	Herman Valentiner (8 May 1850 -- 17 September 1913) was a Danish mathematician who introduced the Valentiner group in 1889.	Herman Valentiner	1913
date of death	Leofgar was killed by Gruffydd ap Llywelyn on 16 June 1056 at Glasbury-on-Wye during a battle with the Welsh.	Leofgar	16 June 1056
date of death	Marcel Dupont (Jupille, 10 October 1917 -- Blegny, 6 March 2008) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who finished 5th place in the 1949 Tour de France.	Marcel Dupont	6 March 2008
date of death	Niccolò Bambini (1651--1736) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and early-Baroque periods.	Niccolò Bambini	1736
date of death	Puck de Leeuw (1953 - 8 February 2002) was a Dutch director.	Puck de Leeuw	8 February 2002
date of death	Shailendra Nath Shrivastava (26 October 1936 -- 12 February 2006) is former Indian politician from Bihar.	Shailendra Nath Shrivastava	12 February 2006
date of death	Frank Staff (15 June 1918 -- 10 May 1971) was a South African ballet dancer, choreographer, producer, and company director.	Frank Staff	10 May 1971
date of death	George Cuitt the Elder (1743--1818) was an English painter.	George Cuitt the Elder	1818
date of death	Thurisind (Latin: Turisindus, died c. 560) was king of the Gepids, an East Germanic Gothic people, from c. 548 to 560.	Thurisind	560
date of death	Alexander Bain Moncrieff CMG (22 May 1845 -- 11 April 1928) was an Irish-born engineer, active in Australia.	Alexander Bain Moncrieff	11 April 1928
date of death	Mario Tamagno (19 June 1877 -- 1941) was an Italian architect who worked mainly in early 20th-century Siam (Thailand).	Mario Tamagno	1941
date of death	Piers Butler, 3rd Viscount Galmoye, otherwise Viscount Galmoy, (21 March 1652 -- 18 June 1740) was an Anglo-Irish nobleman.	Piers Butler, 3rd Viscount Galmoye	18 June 1740
date of death	Isaac Hinckley (1815-1888) was a president of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad and the founder of Ridley Park, Pennsylvania.	Isaac Hinckley	1888
date of death	Ivan Rohach (Ukrainian: Іван Рогач) (29 May 1913 -- 21 February 1942) was a Ukrainian journalist, poet, writer, and political activist born in Velykyi Bereznyi (Hungarian: Nagyberezna), Ung county, Austria-Hungary (modern-day Ukraine).	Ivan Rohach	21 February 1942
date of death	Stefanos Dimitrios (Greek: Στέφανος Δημητρίος, 1887 -- 1966) was a Greek athlete.	Stefanos Dimitrios	1966
date of death	Nils Andersen (21 March 1902 -- 7 May 1979) was a Norwegian middle and long-distance runner.	Nils Andersen	7 May 1979
date of death	Jack de Nijs (Tjimahi, 18 July 1941 -- Roosendaal, 26 May 1997) was a Dutch songwriter, known as a singer under the name of Jack Jersey.	Jack Jersey	26 May 1997
date of death	Frederick William Lillywhite (13 June 1792 -- 21 August 1854) was an English cricketer during the game's roundarm era.	William Lillywhite	21 August 1854
date of death	Leonard Cutler (1928--2006), also known as Leonard S. Cutler, was a pioneer and authority on ultra-precise timekeeping devices and standards, and was well known for his work with quantum-mechanical effects.	Leonard Cutler	2006
date of death	Peter Paul Pugin (1851 -- March 1904) was an English architect, son of Augustus Welby Pugin by his third wife Jane Knill.	Peter Paul Pugin	March 1904
date of death	Sir Edwin Hardy Amies, KCVO (17 July 1909 -- 5 March 2003), known as Hardy Amies, was an English fashion designer, founder of the Hardy Amies label and best known for his official title as dressmaker for Queen Elizabeth II, from her accession to the throne 1952 until his retirement in 1989.	Hardy Amies	5 March 2003
date of death	Henri François Lambert (3 June 1760 -- 7 September 1796) was a brigadier general of the French revolutionary army.	Henri François Lambert	7 September 1796
date of death	Lazaros Sochos (Greek: Λάζαρος Σώχος; 1862-1911) was a Greek sculptor.	Lazaros Sochos	1911
date of death	Sophie Amalie Lindenov, Baroness of Lindenborg (4 July 1649 -- 1688) was a Danish noblewoman and landowner.	Sophie Amalie Lindenov	1688
developer	Trizeal is a Japanese shoot 'em up arcade game developed by Triangle Service.	Trizeal	Triangle Service
developer	Wild Wild Racing is an off-road racing game created exclusively for the PlayStation 2 by Rage Software Limited.	Wild Wild Racing	Rage Software
developer	Furious 4 was a first-person shooter video game which was being developed by Gearbox Software.	Furious 4	Gearbox Software
developer	General Chaos is a 1994 video game developed by Game Refuge Inc. and published by Electronic Arts for the Sega Genesis.	General Chaos	Game Refuge Inc.
developer	Virtual Pool 64 is a 3D, first-person sports simulation video game that was developed by Celeris and released for the Nintendo 64 by Crave Entertainment on December 17, 1998, in North America, and in Europe on February 26, 1999.	Virtual Pool 64	Celeris
developer	Supercar Challenge is a simulation racing video game released for the PlayStation 3 in September 2009, developed by Eutechnyx and published by System 3, the same company that produced 2008's Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli.	Supercar Challenge	Eutechnyx
developer	Xenoblade Chronicles X, known in Japan as XenobladeX (Japanese: ゼノブレイドクロス Hepburn: Zenobureido Kurosu, pronounced as ``Xenoblade Cross''), is a science fiction, action role-playing video game developed by Monolith Soft and published by Nintendo for the Wii U home video game console.	Xenoblade Chronicles X	Monolith Soft
developer	The Pentium Dual-Core brand was used for mainstream x86-architecture microprocessors from Intel from 2006 to 2009 when it was renamed to Pentium.	Pentium Dual-Core	Intel
developer	Resogun (stylized as RESOGUN) is a 2013 voxel-based side-scrolling shoot 'em up video game developed by Finnish developer Housemarque and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4, Playstation 3 and PlayStation Vita.	Resogun	Housemarque
developer	Football Manager 2008 is the principal title of the 2008 edition of the Football Manager series of football management simulation games by Sports Interactive.	Football Manager 2008	Sports Interactive
developer	Assault Heroes is an arcade-style, top-down shooter video game developed by Wanako Studios.	Assault Heroes	Wanako Studios
developer	Charlie Murder is an action role-playing beat 'em up video game developed by Ska Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios.	Charlie Murder	Ska Studios
developer	Michael Sweet, who owned Easy Software Products, started developing CUPS in 1997.	CUPS	Michael Sweet
developer	Space Empires IV is a turn-based 4X strategy computer game developed by Malfador Machinations and published by Strategy First as part of the Space Empires series in which players control an alien race in an attempt at galactic conquest.	Space Empires IV	Malfador Machinations
developer	Worms Blast is a puzzle/action game for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Game Boy Advance and Mac OS X released in 2002, developed by Team17, and published by Ubisoft.	Worms Blast	Team17
developer	Pop'n Music Mickey Tunes is a musical video game published by Konami and released for the arcades in 2000.	Pop'n Music Mickey Tunes	Konami
developer	The Fidelity Ultimate Chess Challenge is a 2-D, 3-D, Chess game by Telegames.	Fidelity Ultimate Chess Challenge	Telegames
developer	Kirby's Pinball Land, known in Japan as Kirby no Pinball (カービィのピンボール Kābī no Pinbōru, lit. ``Kirby's Pinball'') is a 1993 pinball video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy.	Kirby's Pinball Land	HAL Laboratory
developer	The 389 Directory Server (previously Fedora Directory Server) is an LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol) server developed by Red Hat, as part of Red Hat's community-supported Fedora Project.	389 Directory Server	Fedora Project
developer	Dead to Rights is a third-person action video game produced by Namco.	Dead to Rights	Namco
developer	Spellbound Dizzy or Dizzy 5 is an adventure video game, featuring the character Dizzy, released in December 1990 by Codemasters.	Spellbound Dizzy	Codemasters
developer	NHL 14 is an ice hockey video game developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports.	NHL 14	EA Canada
developer	Superior Soldiers, known in Japan as Perfect Soldiers (パーフェクトソルジャーズ), is a 1993 fighting arcade game developed and published by Irem.	Superior Soldiers	Irem
developer	Draw Something is a mobile app developed by OMGPop.	Draw Something	OMGPop
developer	Pro Evolution Soccer 5 (known as World Soccer: Winning Eleven 9 in North America and Japan, sometimes mislabeled as World Soccer Winning Eleven 9 International) is a football video game developed and produced by Konami as part of the Pro Evolution Soccer series.	Pro Evolution Soccer 5	Konami
developer	Microsoft International Soccer 2000 is a sports game developed by Rage Software and published by Microsoft.	Microsoft International Soccer 2000	Rage Software
director	The Sun of the Sleepless (Georgian: უძინართა მზე, translit. Udzinarta mze) is a 1992 Georgian drama film directed by Temur Babluani.	The Sun of the Sleepless	Temur Babluani
director	On the Bowery is a 1956 American docufiction film directed by Lionel Rogosin.	On the Bowery	Lionel Rogosin
director	You Said a Mouthful is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Robert Lord and Bolton Mallory.	You Said a Mouthful	Lloyd Bacon
director	Before Winter Comes is a 1969 British film directed by J. Lee Thompson from a screenplay by Andrew Sinclair.	Before Winter Comes	J. Lee Thompson
director	Red Bells (also known as Mexico in Flames, Insurgent Mexico and Red Bells Part I -- Mexico on Fire) is a 1982 adventure-drama film directed by Sergei Bondarchuk.	Red Bells	Sergei Bondarchuk
director	Vilambaram is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Balachandra Menon and produced by K. G. Rajagopal.	Vilambaram	Balachandra Menon
director	Emme Thammanna (Kannada: ಎಮ್ಮೆ ತಮ್ಮಣ್ಣ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada language film produced and directed by B. R. Panthulu.	Emme Thammanna	B. R. Panthulu
director	Cry of a Prostitute (Italian: Quelli che contano, also known as Love Kills and Guns of the Big Shots) is a 1974 Italian gangster film directed by Andrea Bianchi.	Cry of a Prostitute	Andrea Bianchi
director	Neuilly Yo Mama! or Neuilly sa mère ! is a 2009 French comedy film directed by Gabriel Julien-Laferrière.	Neuilly Yo Mama!	Gabriel Julien-Laferrière
director	The Voice from the Sky is a 1930 science fiction film serial directed by Ben F. Wilson.	The Voice from the Sky	Ben F. Wilson
director	The Mexican Dream is a tragic comedy film, written and directed by Gustavo Hernández Pérez, inspired by true events.	The Mexican Dream	Gustavo Hernández Pérez
director	Pudhiya Vazhkai (Tamil: புதிய வாழ்க்கை) is a 1971 Indian Tamil film, directed by C. V. Rajendran.	Pudhiya Vazhkai	C. V. Rajendran
director	Les Démoniaques (English title: Demoniacs) is a 1974 film directed by Jean Rollin, about a group of shipwrecked sailors who rape two young women, who re-emerge and make a pact with the devil to get their revenge.	Les Démoniaques	Jean Rollin
director	Evenings for Sale is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Stuart Walker and written by S.K. Lauren, Agnes Brand Leahy and I. A. R. Wylie.	Evenings for Sale	Stuart Walker
director	Dodging a Million is a 1918 American comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Tom Moore, directed by George Loane Tucker, written by A. M. Kennedy, Edgar Selwyn, and Loane, and photographed by Oliver T. Marsh.	Dodging a Million	George Loane Tucker
director	Terminal City Ricochet is a 1990 film by director Zale Dalen.	Terminal City Ricochet	Zale Dalen
director	The Evictors is a 1979 horror/crime cult film written and directed by Charles B. Pierce.	The Evictors	Charles B. Pierce
director	Anna Nee En Deivam is an unreleased Tamil Indian feature film directed by C. V. Sridhar for Jayaar Movies.	Anna Nee En Deivam	C. V. Sridhar
director	``Bye Bye Nerdie'' was the first The Simpsons episode directed by Lauren MacMullan, who also made the design for Francine.	Bye Bye Nerdie	Lauren MacMullan
director	The TV series Felicity paid homage to ``Five Characters in Search of an Exit'' in the season 2 episode 11 episode ``Help for the Lovelorn''; it was directed by Lamont Johnson.	Five Characters in Search of an Exit	Lamont Johnson
director	Phantom of Death (Italian: Un delitto poco comune (An Uncommon Crime) is a 1988 Italian giallo film directed by Ruggero Deodato. It was also distributed under the title Off Balance.	Phantom of Death	Ruggero Deodato
director	Item One (Bulgarian: Точка първа) is a 1956 Bulgarian drama film directed by Boyan Danovski.	Item One	Boyan Danovski
director	Don't Lean Out the Window (Serbo-Croatian: ''Ne naginji se van''), is a 1977 Yugoslav drama film directed by Bogdan Žižić.	Don't Lean Out the Window	Bogdan Žižić
director	Secret Service Investigator is a 1948 American crime film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by John K. Butler.	Secret Service Investigator	R. G. Springsteen
director	Night of Truth (French: La nuit de la vérité) is a 2004 French/Burkinabe film, the first by director Fanta Régina Nacro.	Night of Truth	Fanta Régina Nacro
director	Birth of the Beatles is a 1979 biopic film, produced by Dick Clark's company (Dick Clark Productions) and directed by Richard Marquand.	Birth of the Beatles	Richard Marquand
director	Iru Thuruvam (Tamil: இரு துருவம், English: Two Pillar also transliterated as Iru Dhuruvam) is a 1971 Tamil dacoit drama film produced by P. S. Veerappa and directed by S. Ramanathan.	Iru Thuruvam	S. Ramanathan
director	Dark Tide is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by John Stockwell, produced by Jeanette Buerling and Matthew E. Chausse and written by Ronnie Christensen and Amy Sorlie.	Dark Tide	John Stockwell
director	Belli Moda (Kannada: ಬೆಳ್ಳಿ ಮೋಡ) is a 1967 Kannada movie by Puttanna Kanagal.	Belli Moda	Puttanna Kanagal
director	The Woman of My Life (French: La Femme de ma vie) is a French film by Régis Wargnier released in 1986.	The Woman of My Life	Régis Wargnier
director	Prathyartha is a 1999 Kannada suspense-thriller film directed by Sunil Kumar Desai featuring Ramesh Aravind, Raghuvaran, Girish Karnad and Sudeep in the lead roles.	Prathyartha	Sunil Kumar Desai
director	Their Son (also known as Sensation im Wintergarten) is a 1929 silent film film directed by Joe May and Gennaro Righelli.	Their Son	Joe May	Gennaro Righelli
director	Hail the Woman is a 1921 American silent drama film that was directed by John Griffith Wray.	Hail the Woman	John Griffith Wray
director	Exchange of Wives is a 1925 drama film directed by Hobart Henley, with screenplay by Fanny Hatton based upon a Broadway play by Cosmo Hamilton.	Exchange of Wives	Hobart Henley
director	Feind im Blut (``enemy in the blood'') is a 1931 Swiss-German drama film directed by Walter Ruttmann.	Feind im Blut	Walter Ruttmann
director	Que la barque se brise, que la jonque s'entrouvre (Literally, ``Let the boat break its back, let the junk break open'') is a 2001 French-Cambodian made-for-television romantic-drama film directed by Rithy Panh.	Que la barque se brise, que la jonque s'entrouvre	Rithy Panh
director	Keep an Eye on Amelia (French: Occupe-toi d'Amélie) is a 1949 French comedy film directed by Claude Autant-Lara based on the play by Georges Feydeau.	Keep an Eye on Amelia	Claude Autant-Lara
director	While the Sun Shines is a 1947 British comedy film directed by Anthony Asquith.	While the Sun Shines	Anthony Asquith
director	Das Phantom (The Phantom) is a German thriller TV-movie directed by Dennis Gansel.	Das Phantom	Dennis Gansel
director	Wild 90 is a 1968 experimental film directed and produced by U.S. novelist Norman Mailer, who also plays the starring role.	Wild 90	Norman Mailer
director	Tales of Manhattan is a 1942 American anthology film directed by Julien Duvivier.	Tales of Manhattan	Julien Duvivier
director	Evil Alien Conquerors is a film directed by Chris Matheson (who co-wrote Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure) in 2003, and is a blend of science-fiction and comedy.	Evil Alien Conquerors	Chris Matheson
director	Nam Yajamanru (Kannada: ನಂಯಜಮಾನ್ರು) is a 2009 Indian Kannada drama film directed and written by T. S. Nagabharana.	Nam Yajamanru	T. S. Nagabharana
director	Cruise of the Jasper B is a 1926 American silent action/adventure comedy film produced by Cecil B. DeMille and directed by James W. Horne.	Cruise of the Jasper B	James W. Horne
director	The Atticus Institute (2015) is an American independent found-footage horror film written and directed by Chris Sparling about a paranormal research institute, which becomes home to the only U.S. government confirmed case of possession.	The Atticus Institute	Chris Sparling
director	It's a Joke, Son! is a 1947 American film directed by Benjamin Stoloff featuring radio comedian Kenny Delmar as Senator Beauregard Claghorn; the inspiration for the cartoon character Foghorn Leghorn.	It's a Joke, Son!	Benjamin Stoloff
director	La Nuit des Traquées (English title: The Night of the Hunted) is a 1980 film directed by Jean Rollin, about people who have lost their memories in an environmental accident and are confined in a hospital.	La Nuit des Traquées	Jean Rollin
director	Napoleon's Barber is a 1928 American featurette drama film directed by John Ford, and filmed in the Fox Movietone sound-on-film system.	Napoleon's Barber	John Ford
director	Blue Caprice is a 2013 American independent drama film directed by Alexandre Moors.	Blue Caprice	Alexandre Moors
director	Ek Phool Char Kante is a 1960 Hindi film directed by Bhappi Sonie in his directorial debut.	Ek Phool Char Kante	Bhappi Sonie
director	Pataas (English: Cracker) is a 2015 Telugu film directed by debutant Anil Ravipudi and produced by Kalyan Ram under N.T.R. Arts.	Pataas	Anil Ravipudi
director	Oh God, Women Are So Loving or Dieu, que les femmes sont amoureuses... is a 1994 French comedy film, directed and writted by Magali Clément.	Oh God, Women Are So Loving	Magali Clément
director	Varavu Ettana Selavu Pathana (English: If income is eight, expenditure is ten) is a 1994 Tamil drama film directed by V. Sekhar.	Varavu Ettana Selavu Pathana	V. Sekhar
director	Band of the Hand is an American 1986 crime film directed by Paul Michael Glaser.	Band of the Hand	Paul Michael Glaser
director	Bryllupsfotografen (English: The wedding photographer) is a 1994 Norwegian drama film directed by Johan Bergenstråhle, starring Kurt Ravn and Ilse Rande.	Bryllupsfotografen	Johan Bergenstråhle
director	Enemmy is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Ashu Trikha - the title being intentionally misspelt using the 6 main characters initials.	Enemmy	Ashu Trikha
director	Paganini in Venice (German:Paganini in Venedig) is a 1929 German short historical film directed by Frank Clifford and starring Andreas Weißgerber, Hans Hermann Schaufuß and Agnes Esterhazy.	Paganini in Venice	Frank Clifford
director	Vi hade i alla fall tur med vädret (``We were at least lucky with the weather'') is a Swedish TV comedy film directed by Kjell Sundvall.	Vi hade i alla fall tur med vädret	Kjell Sundvall
director	Odakalu Bimba is a Kannada monodrama by Indian playwright and author Girish Karnad.	Odakalu Bimba	Girish Karnad
director	Mahaan (Hindi: महान, English: Great or Famous) is a 1983 Hindi action drama film produced by Satyanarayana and Suryanarayana and directed by S. Ramanathan.	Mahaan	S. Ramanathan
director	Fantasia 3 (English: Fantasy 3) is a 1966 fantasy film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia.	Fantasia 3	Eloy de la Iglesia
director	Maathi Yosi (English: Think Differently) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Nandha Periyasamy and music by Guru Kalyan.	Maathi Yosi	Nandha Periyasamy
director	Block-Heads was the last film directed by John G. Blystone who died shortly afterwards.	Block-Heads	John G. Blystone
director	Robert Kennedy and His Times is a 1985 American television miniseries directed by Marvin J. Chomsky, based on the 1978 Robert F. Kennedy biography of the same name by Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr..	Robert Kennedy and His Times	Marvin J. Chomsky
director	Aayudham Seivom is a Tamil movie directed by Udhayan starring Sundar C, Anjali, Vivek and Nassar.	Aayudham Seivom	Udhayan
director	Next Time I'll Aim for the Heart (French: La Prochaine fois je viserai le cœur) is a 2014 French thriller film written and directed by Cédric Anger.	Next Time I'll Aim for the Heart	Cédric Anger
director	No Deposit, No Return is a 1976 comedy film directed by Norman Tokar.	No Deposit, No Return	Norman Tokar
director	The X-Rays (AKA: The X-Ray Fiend) is a 1897 British short silent comedy film, directed by George Albert Smith, featuring a courting couple exposed to X-rays.	The X-Rays	George Albert Smith
director	Arjunan Saakshi (Malayalam: അർജുനൻ സാക്ഷി, Arjunan, the Witness) is a 2011 Malayalam mystery thriller film written and directed by Ranjith Sankar.	Arjunan Saakshi	Ranjith Sankar
director	Many Tanks Mr. Atkins is a 1938 British comedy war film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Claude Hulbert, Reginald Purdell and Barbara Greene.	Many Tanks Mr. Atkins	Roy William Neill
director	A Summer at Grandpa's (Chinese: 冬冬的假期; pinyin: Dōng dōng de jiàqī) is a 1984 film directed by Hou Hsiao-Hsien.	A Summer at Grandpa's	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
director	Wolves Cry Under the Moon (Traditional Chinese: 國道封閉, SC: 国道封闭, pinyin: guó dào fēng bì) is a 1997 film directed by Ho Ping, starring Annie Shizuka Inoh, Shih Chang, Gu Bao-ming and To Tzong-hua.	Wolves Cry Under the Moon	Ho Ping
director	Love on the Cloud (Chinese: 微爱之渐入佳境) is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Gu Changwei.	Love on the Cloud	Gu Changwei
director	28 Days Later is a 2002 British post-apocalyptic thriller film directed by Danny Boyle.	28 Days Later	Danny Boyle
director	Ask for the Moon (Italian: Chiedi la luna) is a 1991 Italian comedy drama film directed by Giuseppe Piccioni.	Ask for the Moon	Giuseppe Piccioni
director	Garringo (also known as Dead Are Countless) is a 1969 Spanish-Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Rafael Romero Marchent.	Garringo	Rafael Romero Marchent
director	The development team for Metroid Prime Hunters at Nintendo Software Technology (NST) was led by the game's director, Masamichi Abe and the lead technical engineer, Colin Reed, who had both previously worked together on several games, including the Nintendo games Pikmin and 1080° Snowboarding.	Metroid Prime Hunters	Masamichi Abe
director	Jay Vejay is a 1977 Bollywood folk film produced & directed by L. V. Prasad on Prasad Productions Pvt Ltd banner.	Jay Vejay	L. V. Prasad
director	The Carnation Kid is a 1929 American drama film directed by E. Mason Hopper and Leslie Pearce and written by Alfred A. Cohn, Arthur Huffsmith and Henry McCarty.	The Carnation Kid	E. Mason Hopper
director	Weekend Lover (Chinese: 周末情人; pinyin: Zhōu mò qíng rén) is the 1995 directorial debut by Chinese director Lou Ye.	Weekend Lover	Lou Ye
director	Joe + Belle is a 2011 dark Romantic Comedy film directed by Veronica Kedar about a drug dealer called Joe and a suicidal psychopath called Belle.	Joe + Belle	Veronica Kedar
director	Saving Grace B. Jones is an independent feature written, produced, and directed by Connie Stevens.	Saving Grace B. Jones	Connie Stevens
director	Desi Kattey is a Bollywood action-drama film directed and produced by Anand Kumar under the banner of Anand Kumar Productions.	Desi Kattey	Anand Kumar
director	Prisoner of Her Past was directed by Gordon Quinn, a founder of Kartemquin Films.	Prisoner of Her Past	Gordon Quinn
director	Pacar Ketinggalan Kereta (Lover Left by the Train) is a 1989 film by Indonesian director Teguh Karya.	Pacar Ketinggalan Kereta	Teguh Karya
director	Ondu Cinema Kathe (Kannada: ಒಂದು ಸಿನಿಮಾ ಕಥೆ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada language film directed by Phani Ramachandra and written by Shyamasundara Kulkarni.	Ondu Cinema Kathe	Phani Ramachandra
director	Karujaht Pärnumaal (Estonian; English: Bear hunt in Pärnu county) is the first Estonian narrative film 1914, directed by Johannes Pääsuke.	Karujaht Pärnumaal	Johannes Pääsuke
director	We Are Marshall is a 2006 American historical drama biopic film directed by McG.	We Are Marshall	McG
director	Daughters of the Dust is a 1991 independent film written, directed and produced by Julie Dash.	Daughters of the Dust	Julie Dash
director	Tranches de vie (Slice of life) is a 1985 French comedy-sci fi film directed by François Leterrier.	Tranches de vie	François Leterrier
director	The Day They Robbed the Bank of England is a 1960 British crime film directed by John Guillermin.	The Day They Robbed the Bank of England	John Guillermin
director	The Mosquito Problem and Other Stories is a Bulgarian documentary feature film directed by Andrey Paounov in collaboration with historian Lilia Topouzova.	The Mosquito Problem and Other Stories	Andrey Paounov
director	En kvinde er overflødig (English: A Woman Not Wanted) is a 1957 Danish drama film directed by Gabriel Axel which focuses on a working class family.	En kvinde er overflødig	Gabriel Axel
director	Blaavand melder storm is a 1938 Danish thriller film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Blaavand melder storm	Lau Lauritzen	Alice O'Fredericks
director	A Cure for Wellness is an upcoming American supernatural horror film directed by Gore Verbinski and written by Justin Haythe.	A Cure for Wellness	Gore Verbinski
director	Captain China is a 1950 American adventure film directed by Lewis R. Foster and written by Lewis R. Foster and Gwen Bagni.	Captain China	Lewis R. Foster
director	Superfast! (also known as Superfast & Superfurious) is a 2015 American satirical comedy film written and directed by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer.	Superfast!	Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer
director	A Question of Adultery/The Case of Mrs. Loring is a 1958 film directed by Don Chaffey.	A Question of Adultery	Don Chaffey
director	Judge and the Forest (Bulgarian: Следователят и гората, translit. Sledovatelyat i gorata) is a 1975 Bulgarian drama film directed by Rangel Vulchanov.	Judge and the Forest	Rangel Vulchanov
director	Flu Bird Horror is a 2008 television horror Sci Fi Pictures original film written by Tony Daniel and Brian D. Smith, and directed by Leigh Scott.	Flu Bird Horror	Leigh Scott
director	Under the Black Eagle is a 1928 American drama silent film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and written by Norman Houston, Bradley King and Madeleine Ruthven.	Under the Black Eagle	W. S. Van Dyke
director	Bloody Kids is a British television film written by Stephen Poliakoff and directed by Stephen Frears, made by Black Lion Films for ATV, and first shown on ITV on 22 March 1980.	Bloody Kids	Stephen Poliakoff	Stephen Frears
director	Swimming Upstream is a 2003 Australian biographical drama film written by Tony Fingleton and directed by Russell Mulcahy.	Swimming Upstream	Russell Mulcahy
director	The Fourth Alarm is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	The Fourth Alarm	Robert F. McGowan
director	Rome Against Rome (originally titled Roma contro Roma, also known as War of the Zombies and Night Star: Goddess of Electra) is a 1964 peplum film directed by Giuseppe Vari.	Rome Against Rome	Giuseppe Vari
director	Dinner with a Vampire (aka A cena col vampiro) is a 1988 Italian horror made-for-TV movie directed by Lamberto Bava and written by Dardano Sacchetti.	Dinner with a Vampire	Lamberto Bava
director	ReWined (Italian: Vinodentro) is a 2013 neo-noir film written and directed by Ferdinando Vicentini Orgnani and starring Vincenzo Amato and Giovanna Mezzogiorno.	ReWined	Ferdinando Vicentini Orgnani
director	The Windblown Hare is a one-reel Warner Bros. Looney Tunes animated short directed by Robert McKimson.	The Windblown Hare	Robert McKimson
director	Two Mafiamen in the Far West (Italian: Due mafiosi nel Far West) is a 1964 Italian comedy western film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.	Two Mafiamen in the Far West	Giorgio Simonelli
director	See Angkor and Die is a 1993 Cambodian romantic drama film directed by Norodom Sihanouk.	See Angkor and Die	Norodom Sihanouk
director	Moan and Groan, Inc. is a 1929 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	Moan and Groan, Inc.	Robert F. McGowan
director	The Strait Story, or Fu shih kuang ying 南方紀事之浮世光影 as it is known in its country of origin, is a 2005 Taiwanese film directed by Yu-shan Huang.	The Strait Story	Yu-shan Huang
director	On His Majesty's Secret Service (simplified Chinese: 大内密探灵灵狗; traditional Chinese: 大內密探靈靈狗; pinyin: Dà Nèi Mì Tàn Líng Líng Gǒu; Jyutping: Daai6 Noi6 Mat6 Taam3 Ling4 Ling4 Gau2) is a 2009 Hong Kong comedy film, written, produced and directed by Wong Jing.	On His Majesty's Secret Service	Wong Jing
director	Taxi, Mister is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Earle Snell and Clarence Marks.	Taxi, Mister	Kurt Neumann
director	Get Cracking is a 1943 British comedy war film, directed by Marcel Varnel and starring George Formby, Dinah Sheridan and Ronald Shiner.	Get Cracking	Marcel Varnel
director	Then She Was Gone is a 2010 short comedy-drama film, written and directed by Burleigh Smith.	Then She Was Gone	Burleigh Smith
director	Thalai Nagaram (2006) தலைநகரம் is a Tamil film directed by Suraj.	Thalai Nagaram	Suraj
director	Kiskrajcár is a 1953 Hungarian comedy film directed by Márton Keleti.	Kiskrajcár	Márton Keleti
director	Stay Away from Me (Italian: Stai lontana da me) is a 2013 Italian romantic comedy film written and directed by Alessio Maria Federici.	Stay Away from Me	Alessio Maria Federici
director	The Sicilian Girl (Italian: La siciliana ribelle) is a 2008 Italian film directed by Marco Amenta.	The Sicilian Girl	Marco Amenta
director	Blue Sky Bones (Chinese: 蓝色骨头), also known as The Blue Bone, is a 2013 Chinese music film directed by Cui Jian.	Blue Sky Bones	Cui Jian
director	A Matter of Fat is a 1969 documentary film by William Weintraub chronicling the efforts of a 358-pound man, Gilles Lorrain, to lose half his body weight as part of a hospital supervised weight loss program.	A Matter of Fat	William Weintraub
director	Addio, figlio mio! (``Farewell, my son!'') is a 1954 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Giuseppe Guarino.	Addio, figlio mio!	Giuseppe Guarino
director	Voodoo Dollz is a 2008 American made for cable Erotic Comedy film directed by Fred Olen Ray (under the pseudonym name Nicholas Juan Medina).	Voodoo Dollz	Fred Olen Ray
director	A Force More Powerful is a 1999 feature-length documentary film and a 2000 PBS series written and directed by Steve York about non-violent resistance movements around the world.	A Force More Powerful	Steve York
director	Cree Hunters of Mistassini is a 1974 documentary film co-directed by Boyce Richardson and Tony Ianzelo, chronicling a group of three Cree families from the Mistassini region of Quebec, as they set up a winter hunting camp near James Bay and Ungava Bay.	Cree Hunters of Mistassini	Boyce Richardson	Tony Ianzelo
dissolved or abolished	The French Section of the Workers' International (French: Section Française de l'Internationale Ouvrière, SFIO) was a French socialist political party founded in 1905 and replaced in 1969 by the current Socialist Party (PS).	French Section of the Workers' International	1969
dissolved or abolished	No. 82 Squadron RAF was a Royal Air Force squadron that was first formed in 1917 and last disbanded in 1963.	No. 82 Squadron RAF	1963
dissolved or abolished	The last Kuklos Adelphon chapter proper, that at the University of North Carolina, dissolved in 1866.	Kuklos Adelphon	1866
dissolved or abolished	Mainline Freight, Loadhaul and Transrail were purchased by a consortium led by Wisconsin Central in 1996 and amalgamated into a new company, English, Welsh and Scottish Railway.	Mainline Freight	1996
dissolved or abolished	The district of Anhalt-Zerbst was dissolved in 2007 and divided into the new districts of Anhalt-Bitterfeld, Jerichower Land and Wittenberg.	Anhalt-Zerbst	2007
dissolved or abolished	DePatie-Freleng Enterprises (also known as Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie Freleng Productions when involved with the Mirisch brothers and Geoffrey Productions; and DFE Films) was an American animation production company, active from 1963 to 1981.	DePatie-Freleng Enterprises	1981
dissolved or abolished	The Riograndense Republic, often called Piratini Republic (Portuguese: República Rio-Grandense or República do Piratini), was a de facto state that existed between September 11, 1836 and March 1, 1845 roughly coinciding with the present state of Rio Grande do Sul, in Brazil.	Riograndense Republic	1845
dissolved or abolished	On 3 July 2006, Meadow Fresh NZ Ltd, Top Hat Convenience Foods Ltd, and Goodman Fielder New Zealand Ltd amalgamated to become Goodman Fielder New Zealand Ltd.	Meadow Fresh	3 July 2006
dissolved or abolished	Lucent was merged with Alcatel SA of France in a merger of equals on December 1, 2006, forming Alcatel-Lucent.	Lucent	2006
dissolved or abolished	Beginning in February 1946, the Red Army, along with the Soviet Navy, embodied the main component of the Soviet Armed Forces; taking the official name of ``Soviet Army'' (Russian: Советская Армия (СА)/Sovetskaya Armija), until its dissolution in December 1991.	Red Army	1991
dissolved or abolished	The Khanate of Kokand (Uzbek: Qo'qon Xonligi, Persian: خانات خوقند‎‎) was a Central Asian state that existed from 1709--1876 within the territory of modern Kyrgyzstan, eastern Uzbekistan and Tajikistan, and southeastern Kazakhstan.	Khanate of Kokand	1876
dissolved or abolished	The General Popular Radical Union (Greek: Γενική Λαϊκή Ριζοσπαστική Ένωσις) was a coalition of three Greek political parties for the elections of 1936.	General Popular Radical Union	1936
dissolved or abolished	The Republic of San Marco (Italian: Repubblica di San Marco), an Italian revolutionary state, existed for 17 months in 1848--1849.	Republic of San Marco	1849
dissolved or abolished	Majola was a French producer of engines and automobiles, established in 1908 and producing automobiles from 1911 till 1928.	Majola	1928
dissolved or abolished	The Han Zhao (simplified Chinese: 汉赵; traditional Chinese: 漢趙; pinyin: Hànzhào; 304--329), or Former Zhao, or Northern Han (北漢), was a Southern Xiongnu state during Sixteen Kingdoms period coeval with the Chinese Jin Dynasty (265-420).	Former Zhao	329
dissolved or abolished	Merkur (German pronunciation: (mɛʁˈkuːɐ̯)), Mercury) was a short-lived automobile brand sold by the Lincoln-Mercury division of Ford Motor Company from 1985 to 1989.	Merkur	1989
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Seville (Spanish: Reino de Sevilla) was a territorial jurisdiction of the Crown of Castile from the time it was won from Muslim rule in 1248 during the Reconquista until Javier de Burgos' provincial division of Spain in 1833.	Kingdom of Seville	1833
dissolved or abolished	The Celtic Warriors were a regional rugby union team from Wales, who played in the Celtic League and Heineken Cup between 2003 and 2004 following a merger between Welsh clubs Pontypridd RFC and Bridgend RFC at the inception of Regional Rugby in Wales.	Celtic Warriors	2004
dissolved or abolished	The Territory of the Saar Basin (German: Saarbeckengebiet; French: Le Territoire du Bassin de la Sarre) was a region of Germany occupied and governed by the United Kingdom and France from 1920 to 1935 under a League of Nations mandate.	Territory of the Saar Basin	1935
dissolved or abolished	FC Swarovski Tirol was an Austrian association football club from 1986--1992, based in Innsbruck, Tirol, Austria.	FC Swarovski Tirol	1992
dissolved or abolished	On April 2, 2015, it was announced that Sony Computer Entertainment had acquired OnLive's patents, and that all OnLive services would be discontinued on April 30, 2015.	OnLive	2015
dissolved or abolished	The Le Cabri was a French automobile manufactured from 1924 to 1925.	Le Cabri	1925
dissolved or abolished	The Baltimore Marylands were a short-lived professional baseball team that existed in the 1873 National Association season.	Baltimore Marylands	1873
dissolved or abolished	The Province of East Jersey, along with the Province of West Jersey, between 1674 and 1702 in accordance with the Quintipartite Deed were two distinct political divisions of the Province of New Jersey, which became the U.S. state of New Jersey.	East Jersey	1702
dissolved or abolished	Saxe-Marksuhl was reincorporated into Saxe-Eisenach on the ascension of John George to the Duchy of Saxe-Eisenach upon his nephew's death in 1671.	Saxe-Marksuhl	1671
educated at	Barbara Ntambirweki holds the degree of Bachelor of Laws, obtained from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest and largest public university, established inn 1922.	Barbara Ntambirweki	Makerere University
educated at	Mark F. Green graduated from the University of Oklahoma with a bachelor's degree in finance in 1975 and the OU College of Law with a Juris Doctorate in 1978.	Mark F. Green	University of Oklahoma
educated at	Completing his bachelor's degree in chemistry from Dhaka University, Abed Chaudhury got his PhD from University of Oregon, USA and did post-doctoral research at National Institutes of Health and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, of USA, and was a visiting scientist at École Normale Supérieure in France.	Abed Chaudhury	University of Oregon
educated at	Tony Avent attended North Carolina State University and graduated in 1978 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Horticultural Science.	Tony Avent	North Carolina State University
educated at	Jonathan Bach (Ph.D., Syracuse University) is a professor of International affairs.	Jonathan Bach	Syracuse University
educated at	Mitch Taylor (born March 31, 1973) is an American former basketball player who played college basketball at Auburn University before transferring to Southern University in 1992.	Mitch Taylor	Auburn University
educated at	Stuart Syvret was born in Jersey and educated at Halkett Place School, St Helier Boys School and Highlands College.	Stuart Syvret	Highlands College
educated at	Sir John Dudley Robert Tarleton Tilney, TD (19 December 1907 -- 26 April 1994) was the great grandson of the founder of RJ Tilney & Co. John Tilney was educated at Eton College.	John Tilney	Eton College
educated at	Lillian Tindyebwa holds an MA in Literature from Makerere University, Kampala, Uganda.	Lillian Tindyebwa	Makerere University
educated at	James Romig (born 1971) is an American composer who studied at the University of Iowa and Rutgers University, where he earned a Ph.D. studying with both Charles Wuorinen and Milton Babbitt.	James Romig	University of Iowa	Rutgers University
educated at	Born in Huddersfield and educated at the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle, before going on to the University of York, Richard Harpin joined Procter & Gamble in 1986 to pursue a marketing career.	Richard Harpin	University of York
educated at	David I. Cleland (born ca 1931) an American Engineer, Educator and Professor Emeritus in the School of Engineering at the University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States, and is recognized as the ``Father of Project Management''.	David I. Cleland	University of Pittsburgh
educated at	Guy Hocquenghem was born in the suburbs of Paris and was educated at the Lycée Lakanal in Sceaux and the Ecole Normale Supérieure in Paris.	Guy Hocquenghem	Lycée Lakanal
educated at	David Fanshawe's first ambition was to be an explorer but when he attended St George's School, Windsor Castle and Stowe School he discovered a love of music.	David Fanshawe	Stowe School
educated at	An alumna of the University of the Philippines, where she earned a degree in A.B. Sociology and Master of Arts in Philippine Studies, Susan Fernandez (later known as Susan Magno or Susan Fernandez Magno) first gained prominence as a performer during anti-Marcos rallies in the first half of the 1980s.	Susan Fernandez	University of the Philippines
educated at	Lucien Herr (17 January 1864 -- 18 May 1926) was a French intellectual, librarian at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris, and mentor to a number of well-known socialist politicians and writers, including Jean Jaurès and Charles Péguy.	Lucien Herr	École Normale Supérieure
educated at	Mary Tillotson attended the University of Alabama majoring in journalism.	Mary Tillotson	University of Alabama
educated at	Born in Huddersfield, David Borrow was educated at Mirfield Grammar School and the Lanchester Polytechnic (now Coventry University) where he was awarded a degree in economics.	David Borrow	Coventry University
educated at	Denis E. Dillon (December 21, 1933 -- August 15, 2010), a graduate of Fordham University School of Law and Fordham University, served as the District Attorney of Nassau County, New York from 1974 to 2005.	Denis E. Dillon	Fordham University School of Law
educated at	Olaf von Ramm is the Thomas Lord Professor of Engineering at Duke University.	Olaf von Ramm	Duke University
educated at	Palash Sarkar (born September 28, 1969) is an Indian mathematician and a Professor at the Applied Statistics Unit at the Indian Statistical Institute.	Palash Sarkar	Indian Statistical Institute
educated at	Having his primary, secondary and high school education in Gaziantep, Melih Gökçek graduated from Gazi University, College of Journalism, in Ankara.	Melih Gökçek	Gazi University
educated at	Dora Zaslavsky Koch (1905-1987) was an American pianist who was one of the first graduates and later a teacher of the Manhattan School of Music.	Dora Zaslavsky	Manhattan School of Music
educated at	The second son of Philip Folliott Stokes and his wife born Mary Fenwick Rapier the only surviving child of Richard Christopher Rapier (1836-1897) of Ransomes & Rapier Richard Stokes was educated at Downside School, the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich and Trinity College, Cambridge.	Richard Stokes	Royal Military Academy, Woolwich	Trinity College
educated at	Jakub Martinec is assistant professor of choral activities at Memorial University of Newfoundland, a doctoral candidate in music at the University of Western Ontario and Artistic Advisor, former Conductor and Founding Artistic Director of the Czech Boys Choir.	Jakub Martinec	University of Western Ontario
educated at	Jamison Newlander (born June 2, 1970) is an American actor who attended New York University.	Jamison Newlander	New York University
educated at	Bruce Chadwick spent 23 years as a journalist with the New York Daily News before earning a doctorate in American history in 1994 at Rutgers University, where he now teaches part-time.	Bruce Chadwick	Rutgers University
educated at	David Borden was educated at the Eastman School of Music and Harvard University.	David Borden	Harvard University
educated at	Sir Robert Forsyth Scott (28 July 1849 -- 18 November 1933) was a mathematician, barrister and Master of St John's College, Cambridge	Robert Forsyth Scott	St John's College
educated at	When a boy, Henry Wylde was educated privately and at Westminster School.	Henry Wylde	Westminster School
educated at	Sushama Reddy studied at the Bombay Scottish School, Mahim and graduated in Economics from Mithibai College, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Sushama Reddy	Mithibai College
educated at	Yu Lizhong received his undergraduate degree in Geography from East China Normal University (ECNU) and his Ph.D. in Geography from the University of Liverpool.	Yu Lizhong	University of Liverpool
educated at	Sarveshwar Dayal Saxena was born on 15 September 1927 in Basti city, in Uttar Pradesh he received his education at Banaras Hindu University, and Allahabad University.	Sarveshwar Dayal Saxena	Allahabad University
educated at	Edwin Milton Abbott (June 4, 1877 -- November 8, 1940) was an American lawyer and poet, born in Philadelphia and educated at Central High School and the University of Pennsylvania.	Edwin Milton Abbott	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Marc Rotenberg is a graduate of Harvard College and Stanford Law School, and received an LL.M. in International and Comparative Law from Georgetown University Law Center.	Marc Rotenberg	Stanford Law School
educated at	In 1665, Caleb Cheeshahteaumuck became the first Native American to graduate from Harvard University.	Caleb Cheeshahteaumuck	Harvard University
educated at	Li-Young Lee attended the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Arizona, and the State University of New York at Brockport.	Li-Young Lee	University of Pittsburgh	University of Arizona	State University of New York
educated at	Rev. John Rosbrugh (c. 1714--1777), also spelled Rosborough and Rosburgh, was a graduate of the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) where he studied for the ministry and was ordained a Presbyterian minister.	John Rosbrugh	Princeton University
educated at	Jill Biden has a bachelor's degree from the University of Delaware, master's degrees from West Chester University and Villanova University, and a doctoral degree from the University of Delaware.	Jill Biden	University of Delaware	Villanova University
educated at	Samuel Eells (1810--1842) was a 19th-Century American philosopher, essayist and orator who founded the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity in 1832 at Hamilton College in Clinton, New York.	Samuel Eells	Hamilton College
educated at	Frederick Nelson (1932 -- January 7, 2009) was professor emeritus of mechanical engineering at Tufts University School of Engineering in Medford, Massachusetts, USA.	Frederick Nelson	Tufts University
educated at	A. Sumru Özsoy is a leading linguist and Turkish academic working at Boğaziçi University, Istanbul.	A. Sumru Özsoy	Boğaziçi University
educated at	After graduation from gymnasium in 1971 Björn Wahlroos studied at the Hanken School of Economics in Helsinki.	Björn Wahlroos	Hanken School of Economics
educated at	Teri Byrne graduated from Arizona State University with Honors in Communication.	Teri Byrne	Arizona State University
educated at	Kristen O'Neill (born April 12, 1983) is an American women's basketball player, a 6'1 versatile guard, formerly playing at the University of Washington.	Kristen O'Neill	University of Washington
educated at	Galit Hasan-Rokem (Hebrew: גלית חזן-רוקם‎, born 29 August 1945) is the Max and Margarethe Grunwald professor of folklore at the Mandel Institute of Jewish Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Galit Hasan-Rokem	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Born in 1809 in London, Benjamin Pine was educated in Brighton and at Trinity College, Cambridge.	Benjamin Pine	Trinity College
educated at	Gisèle Ory graduated from the University of Lausanne (political sciences) in 1978.	Gisèle Ory	University of Lausanne
employer	Anita Ramasastry is the D. Wayne & Anne Gittinger Professor of Law at the University of Washington School of Law in Seattle and a director of the Shidler Center for Law, Commerce & Technology.	Anita Ramasastry	University of Washington
employer	Berit Ås (born Skarpaas April 10, 1928 in Fredrikstad, Norway) is a Norwegian politician, Professor Emerita of social psychology at the University of Oslo, and feminist.	Berit Ås	University of Oslo
employer	Shefali Oza (born 24 September 1967) is the main weather presenter on BBC Birmingham's Midlands Today, the regional news programme broadcast in the Midlands of England, but also carries out some news presentation work.	Shefali Oza	BBC
employer	Valentine Britten was the BBC's gramophone librarian, responsible for their library of recorded music, starting during World War II and until her retirement on 13 December 1963.	Valentine Britten	BBC
employer	David P. Barash (born 1946) is a Professor of Psychology at the University of Washington, and is notable for books on Human aggression, Peace Studies, and the sexual behavior of animals and people.	David P. Barash	University of Washington
employer	John Viriamu Jones, FRS (2 January 1856 -- 1 June 1901), was a Welsh scientist, who worked on measuring the ohm, and an educationalist who was instrumental in establishing the University of Sheffield and Cardiff University.	John Viriamu Jones	University of Sheffield
employer	Christine Chinkin is a Professor of International Law at the London School of Economics and Political Science and the William W. Cook Global Law Professor at the University of Michigan Law School.	Christine Chinkin	London School of Economics
employer	Manuel Buendía Tellezgirón (24 May 1926 -- 30 May 1984) was a Mexican journalist and political columnist who last worked for the daily Excélsior, one of the most-read newspapers in Mexico City.	Manuel Buendía	Excélsior
employer	Jon Feltheimer (born September 2, 1951 in Brooklyn, New York) is the Chief Executive Officer of Lions Gate Entertainment and has held that position since 2000.	Jon Feltheimer	Lions Gate Entertainment
employer	Ernest Campbell Mossner (October 22, 1907 -- August 5, 1986) professor of English at the University of Texas at Austin and biographer of the Scottish philosopher, essayist and historian, David Hume (1711--1776).	Ernest Campbell Mossner	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Stephen Sonnenberg is a psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, and an adjunct professor at the School of Architecture at the University of Texas at Austin.	Stephen Sonnenberg	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Paul Kupperberg (born June 14, 1955) is a former editor in chief for DC Comics, and a prolific writer of comic books and newspaper strips.	Paul Kupperberg	DC Comics
employer	Stephen Jessel (born 9 August 1943) was for many years a British BBC correspondent,based between 1977 and 1995 in Paris, Beijing, Brussels, Washington DC and again Paris.	Stephen Jessel	BBC
employer	Dick Ringler is an emeritus Professor of English and Scandinavian Studies at the University of Wisconsin - Madison, and is one of the foremost world authorities on Icelandic literature.	Dick Ringler	University of Wisconsin - Madison
employer	John Thomas Mentzer (December 1951 -- 26 February 2010) was a University of Tennessee marketing and logistics professor and author of non-fiction books.	John Thomas Mentzer	University of Tennessee
employer	Ralph Eggleston (born October 18, 1965) is an American animator, art director, storyboard artist and production designer at Pixar Animation Studios.	Ralph Eggleston	Pixar
employer	Laura Mersini-Houghton (née Mersini) is an Albanian-American cosmologist and theoretical physicist, and associate professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Laura Mersini-Houghton	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Peter Willett obtained an Honors degree in Chemistry from Exeter College, Oxford in 1975 and then went to the Department of Information Studies, University of Sheffield where he obtained an MSc in Information Studies.	Peter Willett	University of Sheffield
employer	Michał Seweryński (born 1 July 1939 in Łódź) is a professor of the University of Łódź.	Michał Seweryński	University of Łódź
employer	Jon Seger is an American evolutionary ecologist, and Distinguished Professor of Biology at the University of Utah.	Jon Seger	University of Utah
employer	Joan Muysken (born 18 December 1948, in Delft) is a Dutch professor of Economics at the Maastricht University.	Joan Muysken	Maastricht University
employer	Dr. Kathy Townsend is an academic marine biologist at the University of Queensland (UQ), Australia, known for her work on manta rays, the ecology of coral reefs, and the impact of ingested marine rubbish on sea turtles, with particular reference to Queensland's marine environments and organisms.	Kathy Townsend	University of Queensland
employer	Since April 2009 Udo Weilacher is full professor for Landscape Architecture and Industrial Landscapes at the Technische Universität München, Faculty of Architecture.	Udo Weilacher	Technische Universität München
employer	Bernd Michael Rode (born July 14, 1946 in Innsbruck, Austria) is an Austrian Professor of Chemistry at the University of Innsbruck and founder of the Austrian-South-East-Asian Academic University Network (ASEA-UNINET).	Bernd Michael Rode	University of Innsbruck
employer	Eugenio Moggi is a professor of computer science at the University of Genoa, Italy.	Eugenio Moggi	University of Genoa
employer	Juan Miró, AIA, LEED AP, is the Director of the Studio Mexico Program and a professor at the University of Texas at Austin.	Juan Miró	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Frank Neese (born 13 December 1967) is a German theoretical chemist at the University of Bonn.	Frank Neese	University of Bonn
employer	Fred Adams is professor of physics at the University of Michigan, where his main field of research is astrophysics theory focusing on star formation, background radiation fields, and the early universe.	Fred Adams	University of Michigan
employer	Sebastian Balfour is an English historian and Professor Emeritus of Contemporary Spanish Studies at the London School of Economics.	Sebastian Balfour	London School of Economics
employer	Milkha Singh (born between 1929 and 1935), also known as The Flying Sikh, is a former Indian track and field sprinter who was introduced to the sport while serving in the Indian Army.	Milkha Singh	Indian Army
employer	Simon Rennie (born April 29, 1980 in Coventry, England) is an English motor racing engineer, currently working for the Red Bull Racing Formula One team.	Simon Rennie	Red Bull Racing
employer	Raúl Rojas González (born 1955, in Mexico City) is a professor of Computer Science and Mathematics at the Free University of Berlin and a renowned specialist in artificial neural networks.	Raúl Rojas	Free University of Berlin
employer	Dr. John L. Koprowski, Professor, School of Natural Resources and the Environment, University of Arizona, mammalogist, conservation biologist, and leading expert on the ecology and conservation of squirrels, was born in 1961 in Lakewood, Ohio.	John L. Koprowski	University of Arizona
employer	Neil Konzen was one of Microsoft's earliest employees.	Neil Konzen	Microsoft
employer	John Mortvedt joined the Tennessee Valley Authority and worked for TVA in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, for thirty years.	John Mortvedt	Tennessee Valley Authority
employer	Roland Buerk (born 1973), was a journalist working for the BBC.	Roland Buerk	BBC
employer	Charles Thomas Fingar, born January 11, 1946, is a professor at Stanford University.	Thomas Fingar	Stanford University
employer	Geoffrey Bennington (born 1956) is Asa Griggs Candler Professor of French and Professor of Comparative Literature at Emory University in Georgia, United States, and Professor of Philosophy at the European Graduate School in Saas-Fee, Switzerland, as well as a member of the International College of Philosophy in Paris.	Geoffrey Bennington	European Graduate School
employer	Dale F. Rudd is an American Chemical Engineer and Donald C. Slichter Professor Emeritus of Engineering Research at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Dale F. Rudd	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Josef Albert Meisinger (14 September 1899 -- 7 March 1947), also known as the ``Butcher of Warsaw'', was a German SS-Standartenfuhrer (colonel) in the Gestapo and a member of the Nazi Party.	Josef Albert Meisinger	Gestapo
employer	Steven Grosby is Professor of Religion at Clemson University.	Steven Grosby	Clemson University
employer	William Jocelyn Ian Fraser, Baron Fraser of Lonsdale CH CBE (30 August 1897 -- 19 December 1974), known as Ian Fraser, was a British Conservative Party politician, a Governor of the BBC, a successful businessman and the first person to be awarded a life peerage under the Life Peerages Act 1958.	Ian Fraser, Baron Fraser of Lonsdale	BBC
employer	Ray Hyman (born June 23, 1928, Chelsea, Massachusetts) is a Professor Emeritus of Psychology at the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon, and a noted critic of parapsychology.	Ray Hyman	University of Oregon
father	Major Leonard Darwin (15 January 1850 -- 26 March 1943), a son of the English naturalist Charles Darwin, was variously a soldier, politician, economist, eugenicist and mentor of the statistician and evolutionary biologist Ronald Fisher.	Leonard Darwin	Charles Darwin
father	Willem van Oldenbarnevelt, Lord of Stoutenburg (1590 -- before 1638) was a son of Johan van Oldenbarnevelt.	Willem van Oldenbarnevelt	Johan van Oldenbarnevelt
father	Alice of Korikos (died 1329) was the only daughter of Oshin of Korikos and his first wife Margaret d'Ibelin.	Alice of Korikos	Oshin of Korikos
father	Godide (Mozambique, 1876 -- Angra do Heroísmo, 31 July, 1911), or Godide Nxumalo, also known as António da Silva Pratas Godide, was a son of Ngungunhane (or Gungunhana), the last ruler of the Gaza Empire, located in modern Mozambique.	Godide	Gungunhana
father	Ptolemy Eupator was the son of Ptolemy VI Philometor and Cleopatra II, and for a short time in 152 BCE reigned as co-ruler with his father.	Ptolemy Eupator	Ptolemy VI Philometor
father	A daughter of Rosemont, Rich Tradition was out of the Challenger mare, Legendra.	Rich Tradition	Rosemont
father	Paul-Philippe Hohenzollern (born August 13, 1948), also known as Prince Paul of Romania and Paul Lambrino, is the son of Carol Lambrino and Hélène Nagavitzine.	Paul-Philippe Hohenzollern	Carol Lambrino
father	Richard Williams Bell (6 January 1811 -- 24 October 1857) was the son of farmer John Bell (he was allegedly killed by a spirit) and the author of Our Family Trouble.	Richard Williams Bell	John Bell
father	Maharero kaTjamuaha (Otjiherero: Maharero, son of Tjamuaha, short: Maharero; c. 1820 -- 7 October 1890) was one of the most powerful paramount chiefs of the Herero people in South-West Africa, today's Namibia.	Maharero	Tjamuaha
father	Ida Faubert (Christian first name Gertrude Florentine Félicitée Ida) (14 February 1882 in Port-au-Prince -- 1969 in Joinville-le-Pont) was a Haitian writer, daughter of the former president of Haïti, Lysius Salomon.	Ida Faubert	Lysius Salomon
father	Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Grafton KG (28 September 1663 -- 9 October 1690) was the illegitimate son of King Charles II of England by Barbara Villiers, Countess of Castlemaine.	Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Grafton	Charles II of England
father	Master Derby was out of the mare Madam Jerry, and sired by Lehmann's 1970 Kentucky Derby winner, Dust Commander.	Master Derby	Dust Commander
father	Jürgen Kuczynski was eldest of the six recorded children born to the distinguished economist and demographer Robert René Kuczynski and his wife Berta Gradenwitz/Kuczynski, who was a painter.	Jürgen Kuczynski	Robert René Kuczynski
father	Mirska's sire St. Frusquin was an outstanding racehorse who won the 2000 Guineas and the Eclipse Stakes in 1896.	Mirska	St. Frusquin
father	Pope Clement VII (Latin: Clemens VII; 26 May 1478 -- 25 September 1534), born Giulio di Giuliano de' Medici, was Pope from 19 November 1523 to his death in 1534.	Pope Clement VII	Giuliano de' Medici
father	Karel Schwarzenberg is the eldest son of Prince Karel VI of Schwarzenberg of the junior line (Second Majorat of the House of Schwarzenberg), and Princess Antonie von Fürstenberg.	Karel Schwarzenberg	Karel VI of Schwarzenberg
father	Grand Prince Hyoryeong (18 October 1396--12 June 1486) was the Grand Prince and second-born son of King Taejong of Joseon Dynasty and his consort Queen Wonkyeong.	Prince Hyoryeong	Taejong
father	Fifth son of influential Hong Kong businessman Robert Hotung, George Ho was the founder of the Commercial Radio Hong Kong and Commercial Television.	George Ho	Robert Hotung
father	Lena Stolze's father is Gerhard Stolze, a tenor, and her mother is the actress Gabi Stolze.	Lena Stolze	Gerhard Stolze
father	Jørgen Aall Flood was born in 1820 as the first child of merchant Jørgen Flood (1792--1867) and his wife Hanna (1796--1863), née Aall.	Jørgen Aall Flood	Jørgen Flood
father	Richard Butler of Kilcash (1615 -- 1701) was the second son of Thomas Butler, Viscount Thurles and the grandson of Walter Butler of Kilcash who inherited the earldom of Ormond from his uncle.	Richard Butler of Kilcash	Thomas Butler, Viscount Thurles
father	Kurifuji was by the five times leading sire, Tournesol (GB), her dam Kenfuji was by the imported sire, Chapel Brampton (GB).	Kurifuji	Tournesol
father	His father was Pinedjem I, who was the Theban High Priest of Amun and de facto ruler of Upper Egypt from 1070 BC, then declared himself pharaoh in 1054 BC and Masaharta succeeded him as high priest.	Masaharta	Pinedjem I
father	Walram, Count of Jülich (1240/45 -- Battle of Furnes, August 20, 1297) was the second son of William IV, Count of Jülich and Richardis of Guelders, daughter of Gerard III, Count of Guelders.	Walram, Count of Jülich	William IV, Count of Jülich
father	In history, Yang Wenguang was the son of Yang Yanzhao, however, he is the grandson of Yang Yanzhao in the popular fictionalized stories of Yang clan warriors.	Yang Wenguang	Yang Yanzhao
father	According to the Hebrew Bible, Nahshon was a son of Amminadab, descendant in the fifth generation of Judah, and brother-in-law of Aaron.	Nahshon	Amminadab
father	Bridget Bendish (née Ireton) (1650--1726), was a daughter of General Henry Ireton and Bridget, Oliver Cromwell's eldest daughter.	Bridget Bendish	Henry Ireton
father	Johan Munck was born in Malmö, Skåne County, the adopted son of the lawyer and former mayor of Malmö Thomas Munck af Rosenschöld.	Johan Munck	Thomas Munck af Rosenschöld
father	Zaynab Khadr (in Arabic زينب خضر) (born 1979) is the eldest daughter and first child of Ahmed Khadr, a prominent Egyptian-Canadian citizen noted for charitable work among Afghan refugees in Pakistan and Afghanistan, and suspected of being a terrorist and al-Qaeda member.	Zaynab Khadr	Ahmed Khadr
father	John Randolph Hearst (1909--1958) was an American business executive and the third son of William Randolph Hearst.	John Randolph Hearst	William Randolph Hearst
father	Born in London, India Jane Birley is the daughter of Lady Annabel Vane-Tempest-Stewart from her marriage to nightclub mogul Mark Birley.	India Jane Birley	Mark Birley
father	Born on 14 February 2009 in England, Akeed Mofeed is sired by Dubawi, a three-time Group 1 winner whose renowned offspring include Dubai World Cup winner Monterosso and Cathay Pacific Hong Kong Sprint winner Lucky Nine.	Akeed Mofeed	Dubawi
father	Daniel Bremer Juell was born in Siljord in 1808 to district stipendiary magistrate (sorenskriver) Ole Juell and his wife Caroline Kathrine née Bremer.	Daniel Bremer Juell	Ole Juell
father	Periander was the second tyrant of Corinth and the son of Cypselus, the founder of the Cypselid dynasty.	Periander	Cypselus
father	Herod of Chalcis (d. 48-49 AD), also known as Herod V, (the Jewish Encyclopedia lists him as ``Herod II'') was a son of Aristobulus IV, and the grandson of Herod the Great, Roman client king of Judaea.	Herod of Chalcis	Aristobulus IV
father	James Buchanan Duke, known by the nickname ``Buck'', was born on December 23, 1856, near Durham, North Carolina, to industrialist and philanthropist Washington Duke and his second wife, Artelia Roney Duke.	James Buchanan Duke	Washington Duke
founder	Founded by science-fiction author Chris Roberson with his business partner and spouse Allison Baker, MonkeyBrain Books specializes in ``genre fiction and nonfiction genre studies'' after two years focusing solely on non-fiction.	MonkeyBrain Books	Chris Roberson
founder	Since 2007, the organization has reached over 1,000,000 total beneficiaries, and enrolled close to 80,000 out-of-school girls in school Educate Girls was founded by Safeena Husain.	Educate Girls	Safeena Husain
founder	Sapienza University of Rome was founded in 1303 with the Papal bull In supremae praeminentia dignitatis issued on 20 April 1303 by Pope Boniface VIII, as a Studium for ecclesiastical studies more under his control than the universities of Bologna and Padua, making it the first pontifical university.	Sapienza University of Rome	Boniface VIII
founder	Psychout Records is an independent record label founded by Nicke Andersson primarily to release material with his band The Hellacopters.	Psychout Records	Nicke Andersson
founder	Biba was started and primarily run by the Polish-born Barbara Hulanicki with help of her husband Stephen Fitz-Simon.	Biba	Barbara Hulanicki
founder	Buzz Foto is a photo agency based in Los Angeles, California, founded by photojournalists Brad Elterman and Henry Flores.	Buzz Foto	Brad Elterman	Henry Flores
founder	Founded in 2000 by four-time Olympic gold medalist and social entrepreneur Johann Olav Koss, Right To Play's programs are facilitated by more than 13,500 local volunteer coaches and more than 600 international staff.	Right To Play	Johann Olav Koss
founder	Wand Records was started by Florence Greenberg in 1961 as a subsidiary of Scepter Records.	Wand Records	Florence Greenberg
founder	8chan was created in October of 2013 by computer programmer Fredrick Brennan, also known by the nickname ``Hotwheels.''	8chan	Fredrick Brennan
founder	Troma Entertainment is an American independent film production and distribution company founded by Lloyd Kaufman and Michael Herz in 1974.	Troma Entertainment	Lloyd Kaufman	Michael Herz
founder	Tabasco sauce was first produced in 1868 by Edmund McIlhenny, a Maryland-born former banker who moved to Louisiana around 1840.	Tabasco sauce	Edmund McIlhenny
founder	Hellman & Friedman LLC (H&F) is an American private equity firm, founded in 1984 by Warren Hellman and Tully Friedman, that makes investments primarily through leveraged buyouts and minority growth capital investments.	Hellman & Friedman	Warren Hellman	Tully Friedman
founder	The Egyptian Patriotic Movement, or Egyptian National Movement (Arabic: الحركة الوطنية المصرية‎) is a political party initiated by former presidential candidate Ahmed Shafik and Mohamed Abu Hamed, former vice chairman of the Free Egyptians Party and founder of the Life of the Egyptians Party.	Egyptian Patriotic Movement	Ahmed Shafik
founder	Mossy Oak is a West Point, Mississippi-based branded camouflage and outdoor lifestyle company founded by Toxey Haas in 1986.	Mossy Oak	Toxey Haas
founder	LundXY Global Ventures is an angel investment and startup catalyst headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, founded by serial entrepreneur Morten Lund in 2007.	LundXY	Morten Lund
headquarters location	Spiceworks is a professional network for the information technology (IT) industry that is headquartered in Austin, Texas.	Spiceworks	Austin
headquarters location	Interxion is headquartered in Schiphol-Rijk, the Netherlands, and delivers its services through 40 data centres in 11 countries located in major metropolitan areas, including London, Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam and Madrid, the main data centre markets in Europe.	Interxion	Frankfurt
headquarters location	Eidsiva Rederi (OSE: EID) is an international shipping company based in Oslo that operates nine car carriers and four Ro-Ro vessels in addition to two other ships.	Eidsiva Rederi	Oslo
headquarters location	Celebrity Fitness commenced operations in February 2004 in Jakarta.	Celebrity Fitness	Jakarta
headquarters location	The Shariah Advisory Council (SAC) was established on August 3, 2007, by The Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry with the support of the Incorporated Trustees of the Islamic Community Fund of Hong Kong.	Shariah Advisory Council	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Simon-Kucher & Partners is a global management consulting firm headquartered in Bonn, Germany, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA, and Singapore.	Simon-Kucher & Partners	Bonn
headquarters location	Firmex is a cloud-based Virtual data room service provider headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Firmex	Toronto
headquarters location	Swiftair S.A. is an airline headquartered in Madrid, Spain.	Swiftair	Madrid
headquarters location	The Majestic Line is a private cruise line with its headquarters in Dunoon, Scotland.	The Majestic Line	Dunoon
headquarters location	Ghezzi & Brian is an Italian motorcycle engineering firm and manufacturer based in Missaglia.	Ghezzi & Brian	Missaglia
headquarters location	North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University (also known as North Carolina A&T State University, North Carolina A&T, N.C. A&T, or simply A&T) is a public, coeducational, historically black, research university located in Greensboro, North Carolina, United States.	North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University	Greensboro
headquarters location	STANANDLOU (S+L) is an independently owned advertising agency with its headquarters located in Houston, Texas.	STANANDLOU	Houston
headquarters location	Laphroaig distillery (i/ləˈfrɔɪɡ/ lə-FROYG) is an Islay single malt Scotch whisky distillery.	Laphroaig distillery	Islay
headquarters location	The 2014 Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Bangladesh Amateur Radio League took place on August 22, 2014 at Dhaka.	Bangladesh Amateur Radio League	Dhaka
headquarters location	Clarke Energy is an independent company with its head offices located in Knowsley, Liverpool and is an authorised distributor and service partner for GE Power & Water's Jenbacher gas engine.	Clarke Energy	Knowsley
headquarters location	Intelligrated is a material handling automation and software engineering company based in Mason, Ohio.	Intelligrated	Mason
headquarters location	On October 20, 2003, the Wachners sold BGW Systems to Amplifier Technologies, Inc. of Montebello, California.	BGW Systems	Montebello
headquarters location	IAMR College of Engineering,Meerut is India's prestigious Engineering & Technical Institution,established in 2007, Under IAMR Group of Institution, Ghaziabad,approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD Govt. of India and Affiliated to Mahamaya technical University, Noida UP	IAMR College of Engineering	Meerut
headquarters location	Teksid (Teksid S.p.A.) is an Italian company based in Carmagnola which specialises in the production of iron and castings for the automotive industry.	Teksid	Carmagnola
headquarters location	Knovel, headquartered in New York City, was founded in 2001 and was a private company until it was acquired by Elsevier in 2013.	Knovel	New York City
headquarters location	Destination Gotland is a Swedish ferry-line that runs state-subsidised domestic ferries from Nynäshamn and Oskarshamn to Visby on the island of Gotland.	Destination Gotland	Visby
headquarters location	Hisense Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 海信集团) is a Chinese multinational white goods and electronics manufacturer headquartered in Qingdao, Shandong province, China.	Hisense	Qingdao
headquarters location	Phonics Group of Institutions, Roorkee is a group of educational institutions.	Phonics Group of Institutions	Roorkee
headquarters location	Mattoni is mineral water from Karlovy Vary, the Czech Republic.	Mattoni	Karlovy Vary
headquarters location	NetSmart Limited is a telecommunication service provider based in Tauranga, Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand.	NetSmart	Tauranga
headquarters location	Bananas Music is an American record store that operates two locations in St. Petersburg, Florida.	Bananas Music	St. Petersburg
headquarters location	Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) is an Indian state-controlled oil and gas company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Bharat Petroleum	Mumbai
headquarters location	Anglo Irish Bank was an Irish bank headquartered in Dublin from 1964 to 2011.	Anglo Irish Bank	Dublin
headquarters location	Restorffs Bryggjarí was situated in the capítal Tórshavn, where the majority of its beer production was sold.	Restorffs Bryggjarí	Tórshavn
headquarters location	Berman and Company is a Washington, D.C. based public affairs and non-profit management firm founded by lawyer and former lobbyist Rick Berman.	Berman and Company	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Cumulus Networks is a computer software company headquartered in Mountain View, California, USA.	Cumulus Networks	Mountain View
headquarters location	Suburban World Newspapers, based in Needham, Massachusetts, USA, was a privately owned publisher of seven weekly newspapers in the suburbs west of Boston in the 1980s and 1990s.	Suburban World Newspapers	Needham
headquarters location	The company was founded by John Menzies (1808--1879) of Edinburgh, a Victorian entrepreneur who built up his small newsagent business (established when he was 25 years old) into a national chain.	John Menzies	Edinburgh
headquarters location	Koryo Tours is an independent travel company based in Beijing, specializing in group and independent tourism to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (also known as North Korea).	Koryo Tours	Beijing
headquarters location	Castleton Lyons near Lexington, Kentucky, is an American horse racing stable and breeding business best known by the name Castleton Farm.	Castleton Lyons	Lexington
headquarters location	The Red River Gorge Climbers' Coalition (RRGCC) is an advocacy group for rock climbers in the Red River Gorge, Kentucky.	Red River Gorge Climbers' Coalition	Kentucky
headquarters location	The Red Roof Inn chain began in Columbus, Ohio.	Red Roof Inn	Columbus
headquarters location	Quad Electroacoustics is a British manufacturer of hi-fi equipment, based in Huntingdon, England.	Quad Electroacoustics	Huntingdon
headquarters location	The RPG Group is an industrial conglomerate headquartered in Mumbai, India.	RPG Group	Mumbai
headquarters location	PurpleTrail is a Bellevue, Washington company established in 2007 which offers online graphic design and event planning tools to create personalized greeting cards, invitations, and photobooks.	PurpleTrail	Bellevue
headquarters location	Ruby-Spears Productions (also known as Ruby-Spears Enterprises) was a Burbank, California-based entertainment production company that specialized in animation.	Ruby-Spears	Burbank
headquarters location	Paper Bag Records is a Canadian independent record label, artist-management company and music publisher, founded in 2002 and based in Toronto, Ontario.	Paper Bag Records	Toronto
headquarters location	U.S. Gold was founded in Birmingham in spring 1984 by Geoff and Anne Brown as the publishing division of their software-distribution company Centresoft.	U.S. Gold	Birmingham
headquarters location	Avolution is a global provider of Enterprise Architecture, Enterprise Modeling and Process Modeling software with offices based in Sydney - Australia, Singapore, London - UK, Dubai - UAE, Washington Metropolitan Area - USA and New Brunswick - Canada.	Avolution	Sydney
headquarters location	Wateen Telecom is a converged communication services provider based in Lahore, Pakistan, and is a sister concern of Warid Telecom.	Wateen	Lahore
headquarters location	Peter Lind & Company is the name of a private building contractor with bases in Central London & Spalding in Lincolnshire.	Peter Lind & Company	Spalding
headquarters location	Betsson AB is a Swedish company that offers a number of online gambling products, such as casino, poker, bingo, sports betting and scratch cards through several wholly owned Malta-based subsidiaries, like BML Group Ltd and Betsson Malta Ltd. Betsson AB is listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm Large Cap List.	Betsson	Stockholm
headquarters location	IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd is an Indian highway construction company headquartered in Mumbai.	IRB Infrastructure	Mumbai
headquarters location	Harold's Chicken Shack (also referred to as The Fried Chicken King, Harold's Chicken, or simply Harold's) is a chain of fried chicken restaurants located primarily in Chicago, Illinois particularly on its South Side.	Harold's Chicken Shack	Chicago
headquarters location	Carr Amplifiers is a Pittsboro, North Carolina, manufacturer of high-end, hand-wired tube guitar amplifiers.	Carr Amplifiers	Pittsboro, North Carolina
headquarters location	Riviera Trains Limited is a railway spot-hire company, based at Crewe in Cheshire.	Riviera Trains	Crewe
headquarters location	Playmates Toys (SEHK: 0869) is a Costa Mesa, California toy manufacturer and a subsidiary of Hong Kong-based Playmates Holdings Ltd (SEHK: 0635).	Playmates Toys	Costa Mesa
headquarters location	IRC Limited (IRC; simplified Chinese: 铁江现货有限公司; traditional Chinese: 鐵江現貨有限公司) (SEHK: 1029) is a Hong Kong-based business that is focused on exploring for, developing, and operating industrial commodity projects, particularly in the mining sector.	IRC Limited	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Empyrean Brewing Company is a brewery founded in 1990 in Lincoln, Nebraska, US, by the holding company Telesis Inc. The following year, Telesis opened Lazlo's Brewery and Grill, Nebraska's first brewpub.	Empyrean Brewing Company	Lincoln
headquarters location	HT Omega is an audio hardware manufacturing company based in Ontario, California.	HT Omega	Ontario
headquarters location	Ambrosia Software is a predominantly Macintosh software company located in Rochester, New York, U.S. Ambrosia produces utilities and games.	Ambrosia Software	Rochester
headquarters location	Brouwerij Nacional Balashi was founded in 1996 by one of Aruba's largest companies, MetaCorp.	Balashi	Aruba
headquarters location	The Democratic Party of Virginia is based in Richmond in the Commonwealth of Virginia.	Democratic Party of Virginia	Richmond
headquarters location	Red Bull Racing is an Austrian Formula One racing team based in Milton Keynes, England.	Red Bull Racing	Milton Keynes
headquarters location	Budweiser Budvar Brewery (Budějovický Budvar) (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbuɟɛjovit͡skiː ˈbudvar)) is a brewery in the city of České Budějovice (German: Budweis), Czech Republic, that is best known for brewing a beer known as Budweiser Budvar.	Budweiser Budvar Brewery	České Budějovice
headquarters location	Kelley Blue Book is an Irvine, California-based vehicle valuation and automotive research company that is recognized by both consumers and the automotive industry.	Kelley Blue Book	Irvine
headquarters location	Terry Plumming was a Chicago based recording label with a focus on experimental and nonsense music.	Terry Plumming	Chicago
headquarters location	Headsets.com is a San Francisco based ecommerce business founded by Mike Faith in 1997.	Headsets.com	San Francisco
headquarters location	Olsson Frank Weeda Terman Matz PC (OFW Law) is an American law firm and lobbying firm based in Washington, D.C., that specializes in representing business interests in the food, drug, medical device, and agriculture industries in their dealings with the Food and Drug Administration and the United States Department of Agriculture.	Olsson Frank Weeda Terman Matz PC	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Pratt's is a gentlemen's club in London.	Pratt's	London
headquarters location	BSS Industrial is a British specialist distributor of heating, ventilation, pipeline and mechanical services equipment based in Leicester.	BSS Industrial	Leicester
headquarters location	The Legal Aid Society in New York City is the United States' oldest and largest provider of legal aid to the indigent.	Legal Aid Society	New York City
headquarters location	Jack's (corporate headquarters: Homewood, Alabama), originally known as Jack's Hamburgers, also known as Jack's Family Restaurants, Inc. is a fast food restaurant chain with locations in several southeastern states.	Jack's	Homewood
headquarters location	Sentinel Waggon Works Ltd was a British company based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire that made steam-powered lorries, railway locomotives, and later, diesel engined lorries and locomotives.	Sentinel Waggon Works	Shrewsbury
headquarters location	Film Creatives are an independent film production house based in London, England.	Film Creatives	London
headquarters location	Blumenbar is German for ``bar of flowers'', alluding its beginnings in the Blumenstraße close to the Viktualienmarkt in Munich in 2002.	Blumenbar	Munich
headquarters location	Greentree Stable, in Red Bank, New Jersey, was a major American thoroughbred horse racing stable and breeding farm established in 1914 by Payne Whitney of the Whitney family of New York City.	Greentree Stable	Red Bank
headquarters location	AMC Networks Inc. is an American entertainment company headquartered in 11 Penn Plaza, New York, that owns the cable channels AMC, IFC, WE tv, and SundanceTV; the art house movie theater IFC Center in New York City, and the independent film company IFC Films.	AMC Networks	New York City
headquarters location	ExtraHop Networks, Inc. is an enterprise technology real-time wire data and IT operations analytics company headquartered in Seattle, Washington, US.	ExtraHop Networks	Seattle
headquarters location	Mobify is a global technology company headquartered in Vancouver, Canada with an office in London, England, and a network of partners in North and South Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia.	Mobify	Vancouver
headquarters location	Timeduty.com is a SAAS timesheet solution developed by the Swedish-based company HR-Centralen i Stockholm.	Timeduty	Stockholm
headquarters location	GL Noble Denton is one of the oil and gas businesses of DNV GL, headquartered in Hamburg, Germany and London, UK.	GL Noble Denton	Hamburg
headquarters location	Espresso Vivace is a Seattle area coffee shop and roaster known for its high quality of coffee and roasting practices.	Espresso Vivace	Seattle
headquarters location	The Lippeverband is a public German water board (``Wasserwirtschaftsverband'') located in Dortmund (North Rhine-Westphalia/Germany) and responsible for 3.280 km² of the Lippe catchment from Lippborg down to the river Rhine with 1.4 Mio. citizens.	Lippeverband	Dortmund
headquarters location	Georges Mochet began to produce cycle-cars at his, now-demolished, premises at 68, Rue Roque-de-Fillol at Puteaux in approximately 1946 and by about 1952 had progressed to more modern looking two seater micro-cars and powered two-wheelers.	Mochet	Puteaux
headquarters location	Buck's Club is a gentlemen's club in London, located at 18 Clifford Street, established in June 1919.	Buck's Club	London
headquarters location	Shatel is an Iranian Internet Service Provider and a ``Large'' Local Internet registry based in Tehran, Iran .	Shatel	Tehran
headquarters location	Arrinera Automotive S.A., is a Polish supercar manufacturer based in Warsaw.	Arrinera	Warsaw
headquarters location	Alectia is headquartered in Virum with regional offices in Aarhus, Odense and Kolding.	Alectia	Virum
headquarters location	Endicia is an internet postage service provider based in Palo Alto, California.	Endicia	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Grand Home Furnishings is a regional chain of furniture stores headquartered in Roanoke, Virginia, in the United States.	Grand Home Furnishings	Roanoke
headquarters location	The Perana Performance Group is a South African car developer located in Port Elizabeth.	Perana Performance Group	Port Elizabeth
headquarters location	Doepfer Musikelektronik GmbH is a manufacturer of audio hardware, mostly synthesizer modules (modular synthesizer), based in Gräfelfing, Germany and founded by Dieter Döpfer.	Doepfer	Gräfelfing
headquarters location	The Martin Agency is an American advertising agency based in Richmond, Virginia that is part of the Interpublic Group of Companies.	The Martin Agency	Richmond
headquarters location	MSTelcom is a subsidiary of Sonangol Group, the state petroleum company of Angola.	MSTelcom	Angola
headquarters location	The Bank J. Safra Sarasin AG (previously named ``Bank Sarasin & Co. Ltd'', until 2013) is a Swiss private bank, founded in 1841 and headquartered in Basel.	J. Safra Sarasin	Basel
headquarters location	At that point, Activision moved its headquarters from Mountain View in the Silicon Valley to Santa Monica in Southern California.	Activision	Santa Monica
headquarters location	The Estonia Piano Factory was founded in 1950 by Ernst Hiis in Tallinn, Estonia.	Estonia Piano Factory	Tallinn
headquarters location	@Large Films (At Large Films) is a full-service commercial production company and visual content agency based in Portland, Oregon, United States.	@Large Films	Portland
headquarters location	Adcock Ingram is a South African pharmaceutical company listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.	Adcock Ingram	Johannesburg
headquarters location	The Digital Enterprise Research Institute (DERI) is a former research institute at NUI Galway.	Digital Enterprise Research Institute	Galway
headquarters location	Alok Industries is an Indian ISO 9001:2000 certified textile manufacturing company based in Mumbai.	Alok Industries	Mumbai
headquarters location	Novatium Solutions Pvt Ltd is a privately held Indian company based in Chennai, India which offers what it calls a managed utility computing services.	Novatium	Chennai
headquarters location	The famous Schrafft's neon sign is a significant landmark in Boston, although the former factory it sits above, constructed in 1928, has been redeveloped for business accommodation.	Schrafft's	Boston
headquarters location	The Van Leeuwen Pipe and Tube Group was established by Piet van Leeuwen Jr. in Zwijndrecht, the Netherlands in 1924.	Van Leeuwen Pipe and Tube Group	Zwijndrecht
headquarters location	The Southern Theatre Arts Centre (STAC) is a training venue for performers, technicians and production students, it is based in Durrington, West Sussex, near Worthing, West Sussex, England, about 15 miles from the city of Brighton & Hove.	Southern Theatre Arts Centre	Durrington, West Sussex
headquarters location	Telespazio VEGA UK Ltd. is a British space company based in Luton, Bedfordshire.	Telespazio VEGA UK	Luton
headquarters location	Run for Cover Records is an American independent record label based in Boston, Massachusetts.	Run for Cover Records	Boston
headquarters location	First Tennessee, part of the First Horizon National Corporation, is a financial services company based in Memphis, Tennessee.	First Tennessee	Memphis
headquarters location	The Whirlpool Corporation is an American multinational manufacturer and marketer of home appliances, headquartered in Benton Charter Township, Michigan, United States, near Benton Harbor, Michigan.	Whirlpool Corporation	Benton
headquarters location	Sony Pictures Imageworks, Inc. (SPI) is a visual effects and character animation company headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Sony Pictures Imageworks	Vancouver
headquarters location	Columbus Nova is an investment company founded in 2000 and centered in New York City.	Columbus Nova	New York City
headquarters location	Midnight Sun Brewing Company is a brewery founded in Anchorage, Alaska, USA, in 1995.	Midnight Sun Brewing Company	Anchorage
headquarters location	The Center for Applied Rationality (CFAR), is an organisation based in the San Francisco Bay Area, Berkeley, California whose focus is to ``(take) the results of cognitive science research, and turn them into techniques that people can practice and use in their own lives.''	Center for Applied Rationality	Berkeley, California
headquarters location	Finlay Enterprises Inc. is a holding company based in New York that conducted business through its wholly owned subsidiary ``Finlay Fine Jewelry''.	Finlay Enterprises	New York
headquarters location	CVR Partners LP (NYSE: UAN) is a public traded company, based in Sugar Land, Texas, that manufactures and provides nitrogen fertilizer products.	CVR Partners	Sugar Land, Texas
headquarters location	Southern Bell began 1879 as the Atlanta Telephonic Exchange and was based in Atlanta.	Southern Bell	Atlanta
headquarters location	Saigol DDC IOM is a leading investor in super-prime London property and names royalty & global business leaders amongst its clients.	Saigol DDC	London
headquarters location	Melco International Development Limited (SEHK: 200), formerly The Macao Electric Lighting Company Limited, is one of the 100 oldest companies in Hong Kong.	Melco International Development	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Barrington Broadcasting Group, LLC (best known as Barrington Broadcasting), headquartered in Schaumburg, Illinois was an American corporation focused on broadcast television, primarily in middle and small size media markets.	Barrington Broadcasting	Schaumburg
headquarters location	Studio Ironcat was a small publishing company based in Fredericksburg, Virginia, dedicated to publication of manga and later, Amerimanga.	Studio Ironcat	Fredericksburg
headquarters location	Queen Games is a German publisher of tabletop games, based in Troisdorf and founded in 1992 by head Rajive Gupta, which specialises primarily in German-style, family-level games but has also published smaller numbers of both simpler, children's games and more complex, gamers' games.	Queen Games	Troisdorf
headquarters location	Paperny Entertainment Inc. (previously known as Paperny Films) is a Vancouver-based, producer of television programming and films, ranging from character-driven documentaries to provocative comedy to quirky reality shows.	Paperny Entertainment	Vancouver
headquarters location	Sadie's is a New Mexican cuisine restaurant chain from the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Sadie's	Albuquerque
headquarters location	Quest Aircraft Company is a Japanese-owned aircraft manufacturer located in Sandpoint, Idaho, United States.	Quest Aircraft	Sandpoint
headquarters location	Alabama National BanCorporation based in Birmingham, Alabama, was a bank holding company which was purchased by RBC Bank in 2008 for $1.6 billion.	Alabama National BanCorporation	Birmingham
headquarters location	Forbo Holding AG based in Baar ZG is a globally operating Swiss manufacturer of floor coverings and building and construction adhesives as well as power transmission and light conveyor belts.	Forbo Holding AG	Baar
headquarters location	Plow and Hearth is a United States retailer based in Madison, Virginia specializing in hearth and fireplace accessories; furniture and home furnishings; and lawn and garden accessories .	Plow and Hearth	Madison
headquarters location	ELVO (standing for Elliniki Viomihania Ohimaton, English translation: Hellenic Vehicle Industry), is a Greek vehicle manufacturer based in Thessaloniki.	ELVO	Thessaloniki
headquarters location	TiLite wheelchairs are sold in 38 countries and TiLite is a division of TiSport, LLC, which is headquartered in Pasco, WA.	TiLite	Pasco
headquarters location	The Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences Ltd (MIMS) is a NABH accredited 650-bed super-speciality hospital located in Kozhikode, India.	Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences	Kozhikode
headquarters location	Teratorn Aircraft, Inc. (named for the extinct ice age soaring bird) was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Clear Lake, Iowa.	Teratorn Aircraft	Clear Lake, Iowa
headquarters location	The Turkey Travel Centre (TTC) is an Australian - Turkish partnership, with offices based in Istanbul, Turkey and Melbourne, Australia.	Turkey Travel Centre	Istanbul	Melbourne
headquarters location	Air Service Training (AST) is an organisation in Perth, Scotland, that has been training engineers and pilots for airlines, maintenance organisations and the military since 1931.	Air Service Training	Perth
headquarters location	Phoenix Solar AG has its headquarters at Sulzemoos northwest of Munich, Germany and sales offices in Germany, as well as subsidiaries in Italy, Spain, Greece, Singapore, Oman and Australia.	Phoenix Solar	Sulzemoos
headquarters location	The Green Party of Lebanon was founded on 20 August 2008 at a conference in Beirut's Monroe Hotel.	Green Party of Lebanon	Beirut
headquarters location	QualPro, Inc. is a Knoxville, Tennessee-based management consultancy that uses multivariable testing to simultaneously test a large number of ideas to improve business processes or performance.	QualPro	Knoxville
headquarters location	Schiedel AG is an international supplier of chimney- and ventilation systems with headquarters in Vienna, Austria.	Schiedel	Vienna
headquarters location	Dexter Industries is located in Washington D.C..	Dexter Industries	Washington D.C.
headquarters location	The Bhagidari System (Hindi: जन भागीदारी, people partnership) is an initiative of the government of the state of Delhi in India to promote broad-based civic participation in local governance.	Bhagidari System	Delhi
headquarters location	Sleep Experts is a privately owned mattress retailer in the Dallas--	Sleep Experts	Dallas
headquarters location	SilverDoor is an independent serviced apartment agent based in Chiswick, London, UK.	SilverDoor	London
headquarters location	Valor Security Services of Marietta, GA, a division of SMS Holdings Nashville, TN, was the number one company in the United States that provided contract security services exclusively to the shopping center industry.	Valor Security Services	Marietta
headquarters location	Boulevard Brewing Company is a regional brewery located in Kansas City, Missouri.	Boulevard Brewing Company	Kansas City
headquarters location	Kairosoft was founded as a dōjin games developer in 1996, and is currently located in the Nishi-Shinjuku district of Tokyo with only nine employees at the start and now they have 450 employees.	Kairosoft	Nishi-Shinjuku
headquarters location	Peace Point Entertainment Group is a Canadian Toronto-based independent television production company.	Peace Point Entertainment Group	Toronto
headquarters location	Rösle is a kitchen accessory manufacturer based in the small Bavarian town of Marktoberdorf in Germany.	Rösle	Marktoberdorf
headquarters location	Reuters Group plc was a British multinational media and financial information company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Reuters Group	London
headquarters location	PowerTech Information Systems AS is an Oslo-based Norwegian Internet service provider founded in 1993.	PowerTech Information Systems	Oslo
headquarters location	Adina World Beat Beverages is a manufacturer of coffee, tea and juice drinks based in San Francisco, California.	Adina World Beat Beverages	San Francisco
headquarters location	Delphi Glass was founded in 1972 by Dan Daniels in Lansing, Michigan where the company is still located today.	Delphi Glass	Lansing
inception	Seagate Technology (then called Shugart Technology) was incorporated on November 1, 1978 and commenced operations with co-founders Al Shugart, Tom Mitchell, Doug Mahon, Finis Conner and Syed Iftikar in October 1979.	Seagate Technology	1979
inception	Originally formed as part of the larger Cantor Fitzgerald organization, BGC Partners became its own entity in 2004.	BGC Partners	2004
inception	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television or Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Television Group and Digital (commonly known as MGM Television and then-known as MGM/UA Television) is an American television production/distribution studio launched in 1955 and a division of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	MGM Television	1955
inception	Ying'an Airlines was founded in 2005 as Yunnan Ying'an General Aviation Co Ltd, a general aviation company.	Ying'an Airlines	2005
inception	The Trillium Book Award was created in 1987 by Wilfried Vanderelst, then Director of the Libraries and Community Information Branch, with the support of David Silcox, Deputy Minister, and Lily Oddie Munro, Minister of Culture and Communications.	Trillium Book Award	1987
inception	It was first named Qvadradurmusivalen in 1991, but changed into the more ear-catching Quart Festival the following year.	Quart Festival	1991
inception	For Latvia from the Heart (Latvian: No sirds Latvijai) is a conservative political party in Latvia founded in May 2014 by former State Auditor Inguna Sudraba.	For Latvia from the Heart	2014
inception	Copenhagen Records is a Danish record label formed on 5 January 2004 by former EMI Recorded Music Denmark staff members to give artists more artistic autonomy.	Copenhagen Records	2004
inception	WIHC has operated under numerous owners and formats since its launch in 1988 under the ownership of Cambrian Broadcasting.	WIHC	1988
inception	The station was assigned the call sign KTRN by the Federal Communications Commission on December 18, 1996.	KTRN	1996
inception	Calamvale Community College is a Co-educational, Independent State School established in 2002 in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Calamvale Community College	2002
inception	Anime NebrasKon was founded by the members of University of Nebraska-Lincoln's anime club (Otaku Jinrui) in 2004 as an fund-raising project and had 300 attendees at the first convention.	Anime NebrasKon	2004
inception	Launched on 21 December 1985 by Desmond O'Malley and other politicians who had split from Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael, the Progressive Democrats took liberal positions on divorce, contraception, and other social issues.	Progressive Democrats	21 December 1985
inception	De Morgen originates from a merger in 1978 of two socialist newspapers Vooruit (meaning ``Onwards'' in English) and Volksgazet (meaning ``People's Newspaper'' in English).	De Morgen	1978
inception	The Secretary of the Navy's Research Chair in Naval History was established in 1987 by the then Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy (now known as the Naval History & Heritage Command).	Research Chair in Naval History	1987
inception	The Tour of South China Sea is an annual professional road bicycle racing classic one-day race held in Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau since 1996 as part of the UCI Asia Tour.	Tour of South China Sea	1996
inception	The Jeffrey Cheah Institute on Southeast Asia (JCI) is an independent Malaysian think tank established in March 2014 with a focus on key public policy concerns in Southeast Asia.	Jeffrey Cheah Institute on Southeast Asia	March 2014
inception	Diskreet is a death metal band based in Topeka, Kansas and formed in 1999 but did not start touring until 2003.	Diskreet	1999
inception	In 2009, The Real Nasty was signed to Ninth Street Opus, an independent record label out of Berkeley, CA.	The Real Nasty	2009
inception	Warcursed is a Brazilian death/thrash metal band that was formed in 2004 in Campina Grande, Paraíba, Brazil.	Warcursed	2004
inception	The Tour de Borneo is an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in the state of Sabah and the Federal Territory of Labuan in East Malaysia since 2012, named after Borneo where they are located.	Tour de Borneo	2012
inception	The Water and Woods Field Service Council is the result of a merger in 2012 of Lake Huron Area Council, Blue Water Council, Tall Pine Council and Chief Okemos Council.	Water and Woods Field Service Council	2012
inception	The Hungarian Natural History Museum (Hungarian: Magyar Természettudományi Múzeum) in Budapest, dating back to 1802, houses the largest natural history collections of Hungary and the region.	Hungarian Natural History Museum	1802
inception	Wanova was founded in January 2008 by Ilan Kessler and Issy Ben-Shaul, previously co-founders of Actona Technologies, which was acquired by Cisco in 2004 and became the foundation for Cisco Wide Area Application Services (WAAS).	Wanova	2008
inception	Driver Friendly formed in 2002 while the members attended The Woodlands High School (North Houston).	Driver Friendly	2002
inception	The Spanish Rugby Federation was founded in 1923, and joined the International Rugby Football Board, later known as the International Rugby Board and now as World Rugby, in 1988.	Spanish Rugby Federation	1923
inception	Imperial Teen first gained notice with their debut album, Seasick, in 1996, which was produced by Steve McDonald (Redd Kross).	Imperial Teen	1996
inception	Aeronautical Radio, Incorporated (ARINC), established in 1929, is a major provider of transport communications and systems engineering solutions for eight industries: aviation, airports, defense, government, healthcare, networks, security, and transportation.	ARINC	1929
inception	Bishop Conaty-Our Lady of Loretto High School was formed in 1989 from the merger of Our Lady of Loretto High School, named in honor of the Basilica della Santa Casa, and Bishop Conaty Memorial High School.	Bishop Conaty-Our Lady of Loretto High School	1989
inception	Coldworker was a Swedish deathgrind band, formed in early 2006.	Coldworker	2006
inception	Caldo Verde Records is a San Francisco-based indie rock and folk record label founded by Red House Painters and Sun Kil Moon frontman Mark Kozelek in 2005.	Caldo Verde Records	2005
inception	The University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna, or simply BOKU (derived from its German name, Universität für Bodenkultur Wien, literally Vienna University for Soil Culture), founded in 1872, is ``an education and research centre for renewable resources'' in Vienna.	University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna	1872
inception	Tyrant Eyes is a metal band from Mörlenbach, Hessen, Germany, formed in 1993.	Tyrant Eyes	1993
inception	Heavy Jack is an indie rock band formed in 2005 now back in Calgary, Canada.	Heavy Jack	2005
inception	Fangda Partners was founded in Shanghai in 1993 by six partners.	Fangda	1993
inception	Meisha Merlin Publishing was an independent publishing company founded in 1996 by former New York book editor Stephen Pagel and Kevin and Brian Murphy.	Meisha Merlin Publishing	1996
inception	IRCHA was created in 1989 by Don Chapman as the representative body for helicopter pilots.	IRCHA	1989
inception	Nakajima Racing is a Formula Nippon and SUPER GT team organized and founded by Satoru Nakajima around 1989.	Nakajima Racing	1989
inception	Zone Thriller was a television channel in Europe that launched on 3 July 2006.	Zone Thriller	2006
inception	The Asociación Española de Rugby League was founded in 2013 to govern rugby league in Spain after Catalonia Rugby League was denied entry to the RLEF.	Asociación Española de Rugby League	2013
inception	In 2006 the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation founded a football club called ONGC F.C. in the hope of expanding their involvement in Indian football which included title sponsoring the old National Football League, Durand Cup and the Nehru Cup.	ONGC F.C.	2006
inception	TAG Heuer began as Uhrenmanufaktur Heuer AG, founded in 1860 by Edouard Heuer in St-Imier, Switzerland.	TAG Heuer	1860
inception	Lusitanos XV are a Portuguese professional rugby union representative team based in Lisbon which was created in September 2013 to compete in the 2013--14 European Challenge Cup.	Lusitanos XV	2013
inception	The North East Air Support Unit was formed in 1995 by joint venture of Cleveland, Durham and Northumbria police forces.	North East Air Support Unit	1995
inception	The Malayan Forum was an influential political discussion group formed in 1949 by Chinese and Malaysian university students.	Malayan Forum	1949
inception	Sqrrl Data, Inc. is an American enterprise software company specializing in Big Data analytics and cyber security founded in 2012.	Sqrrl	2012
inception	When the Co-op settled into the new venue, the process to formally incorporate as a co-operative limited company under the rules of the Industrial and Provident Society Acts 1893-1978 was initiated, and Dublin Food Co-operative Society Limited thus came into being in February 1991.	Dublin Food Co-op	1991
inception	Boyer served as Snagajob's CEO from the website's launch on October 17, 1999, to 2013; leading the company from a start-up to national employment network.	Snagajob	1999
inception	The Deutsches Filmarchiv (``German Film Archive''), originally the Archiv für Filmwissenschaft (``Archive for Film Science''), formally established in 1947, was the first film archive set up in West Germany after World War II.	Deutsches Filmarchiv	1947
inception	The Garrick Club is a gentlemen's club in London founded in 1831.	Garrick Club	1831
inception	Andrada Polytechnic High School or Andrada Poly is a technical high school in Tucson, Arizona, that opened on July 20, 2012.	Andrada Polytechnic High School	2012
inception	Radio Choklate 104 FM (Dhoom Mitha) is Odisha or Odisha's first FM Radio channel launched in April 2007 from Eastern Media Private Limited entertainment division.	Radio Choklate	2007
inception	Gufram was born in 1966 as a brand of the creative lab for modern furniture production of the Fratelli Gugliermetto, active seat and chairs makers since 1952, in Grosso, Torino.	Gufram	1952
inception	The Australian Reform Party was a minor Australian political party that was registered federally from 1997 to 2002.	Australian Reform Party	1997
inception	Sick AG was founded in 1946 by Erwin Sick (1909-1988); he had received a license from the then US-managed local government to operate his engineering firm.	Sick AG	1946
inception	CJSC ``Aeroflot-Cargo'' (Russian: ЗАО ``Аэрофлот-Карго'') was a fully owned subsidiary of Aeroflot, founded on 26 October 2005 and incorporated on 19 April 2006.	Aeroflot-Cargo	2005
inception	The Helmuth-James-von-Moltke-Preis was established in 2001 by the German Section of the International Society for Military Law and the Law of War.	Helmuth-James-von-Moltke-Preis	2001
inception	Popular Metaphysics was a record label created by Sandy Pearlman in Studio C of the Hyde Street Studios in San Francisco in 1989.	Popular Metaphysics	1989
inception	Precision Air was incorporated in Tanzania in January 1991 as a private airline and started operations in 1993.	Precision Air	1991
inception	From March 2006 to July 2007, KXRG-LP was on 101.1 MHz as ``Energy 101.1''.	KXRG-LP	2006
inception	The University of Minho, founded in 1973, is one of the then named ``New Universities'' that, at that time, deeply changed the landscape of higher education in Portugal.	University of Minho	1973
inception	Hip Hop goes Theatre is an international hip-hop theatre festival based in Salzburg, Austria, that was founded in 2008 and is produced annually by the NPO Urban Foundation.	Hip Hop goes Theatre	2008
inception	Since 2001, XGen Studios has released 12 internally-developed titles for consoles, mobiles and the web, including the #1-selling hit Defend Your Castle for Nintendo's WiiWare Service and Day-1 PS4 title Super Motherload.	XGen Studios	2001
inception	Arizona Kid is a 1988 novel by Ron Koertge about a summer 16-year-old Billy spends living with his gay uncle and working with race horses.	Arizona Kid	1988
inception	In its first season, 2005, Kaiku, a.k.a. ``Kaiku--	Kaiku	2005
inception	Startups.com was the ``ultimate dot-com startup'', founded in 1998 Startups.com was based in Silicon Valley and had offices in New York and Boston.	Startups.com	1998
inception	Krylo Airlines was an airline based in Moscow, Russia, which operated regional passenger services and freight charters between 1990 and 2003.	Krylo Airlines	1990
inception	The first Governors Awards ceremony was held on November 14, 2009.	Governors Awards	2009
inception	The Latvian Literary Society (German: Lettisch-literärische Gesellschaft, Latvian: Latviešu literārā biedrība), also called ``The Latvian Society of Friends'' was founded in 1824 by German educated people, mainly pastors.	Latvian Literary Society	1824
inception	Sobeys was founded in Stellarton, Nova Scotia by John W. Sobey in 1907 as a meat delivery business.	Sobeys	1907
inception	Morning Runner were an English alternative rock band, formed in 2003 in Reading.	Morning Runner	2003
inception	The Framework was a new-wave inspired indie-rock band from Toronto, Ontario, formed in late 2006.	The Framework	2006
inception	Flashlight Brown is a Canadian punk rock band, originally from Guelph, who formed in 1996.	Flashlight Brown	1996
inception	The station was launched as BBC Wiltshire Sound on 4 April 1989, with its main studios and headquarters in Prospect Place, Swindon.	BBC Wiltshire	1989
inception	Air Atlantis was a charter operations wholly owned by TAP-Air Portugal and began operations in May 1985 using a Boeing 707 and a Boeing 737-200 aircraft.	Air Atlantis	1985
inception	The organization, founded in Beirut, Lebanon in 1960, under the name World Lebanese Union and later in 1973 on the name was changed to World Lebanese Cultural Union to promote the cultural aspects of the Lebanese people throughout the world.	World Lebanese Cultural Union	1960
inception	In 1998 The Icarus Line formed with Joe Cardamone on vocals, Lance Arnao on bass, Aaron North on guitar, and Aaron Austin on drums.	The Icarus Line	1998
inception	Hard-Fi are an English rock band formed in Staines, Surrey in 2003, though they are commonly misconceived to come from Feltham.	Hard-Fi	2003
inception	Data Garden is an arts organization and independent record label formed by Joe Patitucci and Alex Tyson in 2011.	Data Garden	2011
inception	Founded in 1991, Calera Capital has $2.8 billion of assets under management.	Calera Capital	1991
inception	Fonroche Énergie is a French company, founded in 2008 by Yann Maus.	Fonroche Énergie	2008
inception	Eats Media Group was founded in 2002 by CEO Joe Ariel and Derek Beckmann.	Eats Media	2002
inception	The Utica Devils were the New Jersey Devils AHL affiliate from 1987 to 1993.	Utica Devils	1987
inception	In 1988, Cats Laughing released their first album, generally known as Bootleg Issue, initially on cassette and CD.	Cats Laughing	1988
inception	Early Music Network was founded in 1998 by Predrag Gosta, and it is based in Atlanta, USA.	Early Music Network	1998
inception	Thapar University, formerly known as Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology, was founded in 1956 by Karam Chand Thapar and is situated in Patiala.	Thapar University	1956
inception	Red Bull Brasil is a Brazilian football club located in Campinas, São Paulo founded on November 19, 2007.	Red Bull Brasil	2007
inception	Angel of Grief is an 1894 sculpture by William Wetmore Story which serves as the grave stone of the artist and his wife at the Protestant Cemetery, Rome.	Angel of Grief	1894
inception	The Maldivian Red Crescent was officially formed with the holding of its inaugural General Assembly on 16 August 2009.	Maldivian Red Crescent	16 August 2009
inception	WLUJ began broadcasting in Springfield, Illinois on March 17, 1987, and is the flagship affiliate of Cornerstone Community Radio, Inc. as well as the ``WLUJ Family of Stations''.	WLUJ	1987
inception	The Central Electricity Generating Board (CEGB) was the cornerstone of the British electricity industry for almost forty years, from 1957 to privatisation in the 1990s.	Central Electricity Generating Board	1957
inception	It was listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in 1987 as Sonic Technology Australia Ltd. The company changed its name to Sonic Healthcare Ltd in 1995.	Sonic Healthcare	1987
inception	Tweeddale Press Group was formed in 1950 when Berwick Advertiser owner Major J. Smail bought the Southern Reporter.	Tweeddale Press Group	1950
inception	1998 - PropertyGuys.com founded by Ken LeBlanc, Jeremy Demont and a 3rd partner (Ryder) after being inspired by the success of Hotmail.	PropertyGuys.com	1998
inception	Einstellung formed in 2004.	Einstellung	2004
inception	The Orgullosamente Latino Awards are accolades first awarded in 2004 for the best in Latin music.	Orgullosamente Latino Award	2004
inception	Colmar was granted the status of a free imperial city by Emperor Frederick II in 1226.	Colmar	1226
inception	KCDU (and previously calls KXKT) were located at 93.5 FM from 1994 to 2003.	KCDU	1994
inception	The Sunshine Coast Spartans gained registration to Gridiron Queensland in 2009.	Sunshine Coast Spartans	2009
inception	Founded by George Thompson in 1999, The Wizetrade Group, LLP was originally known as GlobalTec Solutions, LLP prior to Summer 2008.	Wizetrade	1999
inception	Kazbegi Marathon is an initiative of an Israeli touring company, which dates back to February 2010.	Kazbegi Marathon	2010
inception	AIC Limited was a Canadian mutual fund company which commenced operations in 1985, as Total Finance.	AIC Limited	1985
inception	Fibabanka A.Ş. is a private bank in Turkey established through the acquisition of the Turkish arm of Millennium Banco Comercial Português known as Millennium Bank A.Ş., by the prominent Turkish businessman Hüsnü Özyeğin in 2010.	Fibabanka	2010
inception	Ruselectronics (Russian: Росэлектроника - Roselectronica), is a Russian state-owned holding company founded in 1997.	Ruselectronics	1997
inception	Porno para Ricardo (English: Porn for Richard) is a Cuban rock band founded in 1998.	Porno para Ricardo	1998
inception	Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, the title was retained by the Law of the Russian Federation 2555-1 dated March 20, 1992 and renamed ``Honoured Military Navigator of the Russian Federation''.	Honoured Military Navigator of the Russian Federation	1992
inception	RiverSoft was founded, in 1997, by Phil Tee after he left Micromuse, a former competing company which he also co-founded.	RiverSoft	1997
inception	The Adult Net was a British indie pop band formed by British-based American singer and guitarist Brix Smith in 1985, while she was a member of The Fall.	The Adult Net	1985
inception	Laurent-Perrier (pronounced: (lɔ.ʁɑ̃ pɛ.ʁje)) is a Champagne house founded in 1812 and is the main company of the Laurent-Perrier Group, whose other flagship brands include the houses of Salon, De Castellane and Delamotte.	Laurent-Perrier	1812
inception	The Designers Republic (tDR for short) is a graphic design studio based in Sheffield, England, founded in 1986 by Ian Anderson and Nick Phillips.	The Designers Republic	1986
inception	The Carolina Film Institute (CFI) is a film school, founded in Greenville, South Carolina in 2008.	Carolina Film Institute	2008
inception	Cooking Channel replaced Fine Living Network (also known as FLN) on May 31, 2010.	Cooking Channel	2010
inception	The Computer History Museum (CHM) is a museum established in 1996 in Mountain View, California, US.	Computer History Museum	1996
inception	The Georgios Papandreou Party (Greek: Κόμμα Γεωργίου Παπανδρέου) was a political party founded by George Papandreou in 1950.	Georgios Papandreou Party	1950
inception	Kaydee were a four-piece pop rock band from Kilkenny, Ireland which existed between 1994 and 1998.	Kaydee	1994
inception	Reverie Sound Revue is a Canadian indie rock group formed in 2002 in Calgary.	Reverie Sound Revue	2002
inception	The Havelock Country Jamboree began in 1990 as a three-day event held on a few acres of farm fields with a semi-truck trailer as the stage.	Havelock Country Jamboree	1990
inception	Kwik Trip/Kwik Star is a chain of convenience stores founded in 1965 with locations throughout Wisconsin and Minnesota under the name Kwik Trip, and in northeast Iowa under the name Kwik Star (to avoid confusion with QuikTrip).	Kwik Trip	1965
inception	Adam Smith University (also known as Adam Smith University of Liberia and École Supérieure Universitaire Adam Smith) is an unaccredited private distance learning university founded in 1991 by Donald Grunewald, who is still its president.	Adam Smith University	1991
inception	Rietumu Banka - JSC Rietumu Banka (Rietumu, Rietumu Bank) is a Latvian commercial bank that was established in 1992.	Rietumu Banka	1992
inception	The United Rocket and Space Corporation (Russian: Объединенная ракетно-космическая корпорация) or URSC is a Russian joint-stock corporation formed by the Russian government in 2013 to renationalize the Russian space sector.	United Rocket and Space Corporation	2013
inception	Saint Petersburg Mathematical Society (1890-1905) Petrograd Physical and Mathematical Society (1921-1930) Leningrad Mathematical Society (1959-1990) Saint Petersburg Mathematical Society (1990-)	Saint Petersburg Mathematical Society	1890
inception	Mega-Gem was fabricated in 1989 with the resources of Cincinnati art dealer Carl Solway.	Mega-Gem	1989
inception	As divided by the Continental Congress in 1778, the District of Maine was the northernmost of three districts in Massachusetts, bounded on the west by the Piscataqua River and on the east by the Saint Croix River.	District of Maine	1778
inception	Pitsford School, established 1989, is a co-educational, 3-18 independent school in Pitsford, Northamptonshire.	Pitsford School	1989
inception	Poison City Records is an independent record label based in Melbourne, Victoria, founded in 2003.	Poison City Records	2003
inception	The Holy Defense Year Book Award is an international literary award presented yearly since 1993.	Holy Defense Year Book Award	1993
inception	After the foundation in 1993, Adorned Brood recorded two demo tapes.	Adorned Brood	1993
inception	Shotgun & Jaybird were a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2003 in Dawson City and based in Sackville, New Brunswick.	Shotgun & Jaybird	2003
inception	EchoStar was originally formed in 1980 by its chairman Charles Ergen as a distributor of C band TV systems.	EchoStar	1980
inception	The Sex Party was active for eight years, between March 2005 and December 2012 when it de-registered with Elections BC. Its leader was John Ince, a Vancouver lawyer, author of The Politics of Lust and small business owner.	The Sex Party	2005
inception	The Academy of the Hebrew Language (Hebrew: הָאָקָדֶמְיָה לַלָּשׁוֹן הָעִבְרִית, HaAkademya laLashon ha'Ivrit) was established by the Israeli government in 1953 as the ``supreme institution for scholarship on the Hebrew language in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem of Givat Ram campus.''	Academy of the Hebrew Language	1953
inception	The ``Kingdom of Wallachia'' (Czech: Valašské Kralovství), named after the region of Moravian Wallachia, is a tongue-in-cheek micronation that was founded in 1997 by the photographer Tomáš Harabiš as an ``elaborate practical joke''.	Kingdom of Wallachia	1997
inception	The Legal Ombudsman is an ombudsman service that opened in October 2010.	Legal Ombudsman	2010
inception	Dragon Fli Empire (abbreviated DFE) is a Canadian hip hop duo formed in 2002 from Calgary, comprising Tarik Robinson, also known as Teekay (MC/producer), and Adam Hicks, also known as DJ Cosm (DJ/producer).	Dragon Fli Empire	2002
inception	Hum TV began its transmission on 17 January 2005.	Hum TV	2005
inception	The National Sports Center for the Disabled (NSCD) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that began in 1970 providing ski lessons for children with amputations.	National Sports Center for the Disabled	1970
inception	Atzat Nefesh was founded in 2001 by Rabbi Shlomo Aviner.	Atzat Nefesh	2001
inception	It was granted AOC status on 14 November 1936, and the AOC designation granted to the wines which have been harvested on the land of the Saint-Georges-Saint-Émilion hamlet, which is part of Montagne commune.	Saint-Georges-Saint-Émilion	1936
inception	The European Union of Medical Specialists (UEMS: Union Européenne des Médecins Spécialistes) is a professional organization of doctors other than general practitioners in the European Union, founded in 1958.	European Union of Medical Specialists	1958
inception	Grizzly Vidyalaya, residential co-educational school was established in 1999 by Grizzly Charitable Trust.	Grizzly Vidyalaya	1999
inception	Kaukauna High School moved to its current location in 1999.	Kaukauna High School	1999
inception	Octalux is an American rock band, formed in 1999 by Brandon Hurley, Shane Morrow, Steven Grant and Lance Abbot.	Octalux	1999
inception	Based in Honolulu, HI, AccesSurf was founded in 2006.	AccesSurf	2006
inception	Blood of Kingu is a black metal band from Ukraine formed in 2005 by Roman Saenko, the main member of Drudkh, Dark Ages and Hate Forest.	Blood of Kingu	2005
inception	Sic Squared Records is an Australian independent record label established in 1999 to promote Western Australian heavy rock bands.	Sic Squared Records	1999
inception	The Marin Držić Award is granted by Ministry of Culture of Croatia since 1991.	Marin Držić Award	1991
inception	These culminated in the merger of the two efforts in 2003, when the trust transferred ownership of The Evergreens to Amherst College, and the Emily Dickinson Museum was formally established to manage the recombined properties.	Emily Dickinson Museum	2003
inception	Delerium Records was a British independent record label, that specialised in psychedelic music and which existed from 1991 to 2003, and was notable in promoting the careers of bands including Porcupine Tree, Ozric Tentacles, Kava Kava, Mandragora, Sons of Selina and Moom and for starting the Freak Emporium and Molten Records.	Delerium Records	1991
inception	Cantus Musicus was formed on 11 April 2003 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia by Lisa Ho and Glenis Butterworth.	Cantus Musicus	2003
inception	Walon Sport, or simply Walon, is a multinational textile business founded in 1989 in Peru.	Walon Sport	1989
inception	Gamerang was launched on September 30, 2003 by co-founder and CEO Greg Gentling, and currently features over 9,000 game titles for popular gaming platforms, including Nintendo Wii, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PSP, Game Boy Advance, PlayStation 2, PSone, Nintendo DS, GameCube, and Xbox.	Gamerang	2003
inception	The Reform Labour Party (Portuguese: Partido Trabalhista Reformador, PP) was a political party in Brazil founded in 1985.	Reform Labour Party	1985
inception	The Lithuanian Opera Company of Chicago was founded by Lithuanian emigrants in 1956, and presents operas in Lithuanian.	Lithuanian Opera Company of Chicago	1956
inception	Hop Along began as an acoustic freak folk solo project known as Hop Along, Queen Ansleis in 2004, during Frances Quinlan's senior year in high school.	Hop Along	2004
inception	Since the product's US launch in June 2008, GoGo Squeez's distribution has grown to 40,000 supermarkets, convenience stores, and children's retailers across the US.	GoGo Squeez	2008
inception	The post of Archbishop of Wales was created in 1920 when the Church in Wales was separated from the Church of England (of which the four Welsh dioceses had previously been part), and disestablished.	Archbishop of Wales	1920
inception	Efecto Mariposa is a Spanish pop rock group from Málaga, founded in 2001.	Efecto Mariposa	2001
inception	It was founded by law (Decreto Legislativo No. 99 - Ley de CORPAC S.A) in June 1943.	CORPAC	1943
inception	The Leaf Label was created in late 1994 by Tony Morley, at that time, Press Officer at 4AD in London, along with friend and co-conspirator Julian Carrera, then working for music press company Stone Immaculate.	The Leaf Label	1994
inception	The IPCT (International Professional Cycling Teams) was created in 2006 by 17 of the 18 UCI ProTour teams.	IPCT	2006
inception	StoryCorps grew out of Sound Portraits Productions as a project founded in 2003 by radio producer David Isay.	StoryCorps	2003
inception	FM 2000 officially closed shop on November 5, 2006, when it was bought by the People's United Party and turned into a station called Positive Vibes FM, on the same signals as the original FM 2000 and run by PUP public relations veteran Vaughan Gill.	Positive Vibes FM	2006
inception	Carach Angren was formed in 2003 in the Dutch municipality of Landgraaf, after two members of Vaultage and Inger Indolia started a side project, due to their shared love of both legends and black metal.	Carach Angren	2003
inception	Radio Marconi is an Italian-based company that has installed and serviced audio-visual and radio equipment since 1993.	Radio Marconi	1993
inception	The Helsinki Samba Carnaval is an annual samba carnival held in Helsinki, the capital of Finland, since 1991.	Helsinki Samba Carnaval	1991
inception	The name originated in 1928 when the Dopyera brothers, John and Emil (Ed), formed the Dobro Manufacturing Company.	Dobro	1928
inception	The Confucian Academy is a Non-governmental organization(NGO) founded in 1930 by Dr. Chen Huanzhang (陳煥章) to promote the Confucianism.	Confucian Academy	1930
inception	Fabio Golfetti founded Violeta de Outono in 1985 alongside Cláudio Souza; both had just parted ways with pioneering New Romantic band Zero.	Violeta de Outono	1985
inception	In 2014, the newly created BIG6 European Football League was introduced as the new top-tier competition of American football in Europe, replacing the old European Football League (EFL).	BIG6 European Football League	2014
inception	The Alternative Ecologists (Greek: Οικολόγοι Εναλλακτικοί), officially the Federation of Ecologists and Alternative Groups, was a federation of several groups created after the good performance of an autonomous electoral platform also called Alternative Ecologists in the 1989 European Parliament elections in Greece.	Alternative Ecologists	1989
inception	Aero Costa Rica ACORI, S.A. started service on 11 May 1992 with two Boeing 727-200 Ex-Pan Am (N353PA and N354PA) from San José to Miami.	Aero Costa Rica	1992
inception	The origin Bremer Woll-Kämmerei was founded in 1883 as a joint stock company.	Bremer Woll-Kämmerei	1883
inception	Crawford Productions was founded in 1945 by brother and sister Hector and Dorothy Crawford as a producer of drama, light entertainment and educational programs for radio.	Crawford Productions	1945
inception	Art and Drue Gensler, and their associate, James Follett, founded the firm in 1965.	Gensler	1965
inception	Abaddon Incarnate was formed in Dublin in 1991, playing fast death metal with grindcore elements.	Abaddon Incarnate	1991
inception	Delphin-Verlag was a German publishing house founded in Munich in 1911 by Richard Landauer (1882--1960).	Delphin-Verlag	1911
inception	Exidy was one of the largest creators of arcade video games during the early period of video games, from 1974 until at least 1986 (when Chiller was released ).	Exidy	1974
inception	Mankind Pharma was founded in 1995 by two brothers, R C Juneja and Rajeev Juneja.	Mankind Pharma	1995
inception	Era News (Chinese: 年代新聞台, Pinyin: Niándài xīnwén tái) is a satellite cable news channel operated by Era Television in Taiwan, launched on October 1996 (as GOGO TV).	Era News	1996
inception	FC Stavropol (Russian: ФК Ставрополь) was a Russian football club from Stavropol, founded in 2005.	FC Stavropol	2005
inception	The Staatsgalerie Stuttgart (State Gallery) is an art museum in Stuttgart, Germany, it opened in 1843.	Staatsgalerie Stuttgart	1843
inception	PositiveID, formerly known as VeriChip Corporation, was formed in 2009 through the merger of VeriChip and Steel Vault Corporation.	PositiveID	2009
inception	Fatah al-Islam (Arabic: فتح الإسلام'‎, meaning Conquest of Islam) is a radical Sunni Islamist group that formed in November 2006 in a Palestinian refugee camp, located in Lebanon.	Fatah al-Islam	2006
inception	Founded in 1795 and starting with small wooden vessels, today Meyer Werft is one of world's leading builders of luxury passenger ships.	Meyer Werft	1795
inception	İzmir University of Economics (IUE), which is the first foundation university in İzmir and in Aegean region, was established in 2001 by the İzmir Chamber of Commerce Education and Health Foundation.	İzmir University of Economics	2001
inception	The British Blues Quintet is a British band formed in 2006 by five musicians, known for their interpretations of blues music.	The British Blues Quintet	2006
inception	AhnLab, Inc., founded in 1995, is a security software provider in South Korea.	AhnLab, Inc.	1995
inception	Since its founding in 1968 and elevation to university status in 1976, Northern Kentucky University has expanded with numerous construction projects, new colleges and a much larger, more diverse student body.	Northern Kentucky University	1968
inception	It was founded as the oil-extracting settlement of Muravlenkovsky (Муравленковский) in 1984.	Muravlenko	1984
inception	Federal Union is a Pro-European British group launched in November 1938, to advocate a Federal Union of Europe as a post-war aim.	Federal Union	1938
inception	The first Ruehl No.925 stores opened on September 24, 2004 at Westfield Garden State Plaza in Paramus, New Jersey, Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg, Illinois, and at International Plaza in Tampa, Florida.	Ruehl No.925	2004
inception	Engineers from Intel Corporation created GainSpan in September 2006 with the goal of reducing the power consumption of traditional Wi-Fi.	GainSpan	2006
inception	Kennecott Land, a subsidiary of Rio Tinto Group, is an American land development company formed in 2001 and based in South Jordan, Utah in the United States.	Kennecott Land	2001
inception	PAVED Arts was created March 31, 2003, as an amalgamation of The Photographers Gallery and Video Vérité.	PAVED Arts	2003
inception	Heriot-Watt University is a public university based in Edinburgh, established in 1821 as the world's first mechanics' institute (Royal Charter granted in 1966).	Heriot-Watt University	1821
inception	The AAFM was founded in 1996 through a merger of the American Academy of Financial Management & Analysts (AAFMA) and the Founders Advisory Committee of the Original Tax and Estate Planning Law Review.	American Academy of Financial Management	1996
inception	The International Luxury Hotel Association started in 2008 as Luxury Hoteliers established by a small group of 50 global luxury hotel executives and headed up by its current President Barak Hirschowitz.	International Luxury Hotel Association	2008
inception	Rom Eiendom was established in 2001 as Rom Eiendomsutvikling, with the responsibility to manage all NSB real estate not related to operation.	Rom Eiendom	2001
inception	Florence and the Machine (styled as Florence + the Machine) are an English indie rock band that formed in London in 2007, consisting of lead singer Florence Welch, Isabella Summers, and a collaboration of other artists.	Florence and the Machine	2007
inception	Sofa Workshop, founded by Andrew Cussins in 1985, opened its first store in Maidstone in 1986.	Sofa Workshop	1986
inception	Seylan Bank was incorporated on 28 August 1987 as a Public Limited Liability Company and founder chairman was Dr Lalith Kothalawala .	Seylan Bank	1987
inception	It was conceived in the spring of 1982 shortly after the lead developer, Malcolm Evans created 3D Monster Maze (initially released by J. K. Greye Software, and later republished by New Generation Software) -- the first 3D game for a home computer.	New Generation Software	1982
inception	The Texas Tenors are a 3-time Emmy Award winning classical crossover trio vocal group formed in 2009 by country music singer JC Fisher, pop singer Marcus Collins and opera singer John Hagen.	The Texas Tenors	2009
inception	In 1893, Richard Sears and Alvah Roebuck renamed their watch company Sears, Roebuck & Company and began to diversify.	Sears	1893
inception	Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design is Israel's national school of art. Established in 1906 by Jewish artist and sculptor Boris Schatz, Bezalel is the oldest institution of higher education in Israel.	Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design	1906
inception	Cross purchased and operates the bar that was the very first venue Cross Canadian Ragweed performed in 1994.	Cross Canadian Ragweed	1994
inception	The first Texas Fear Fest was held March 23-25, 2007, at the Mesquite Convention Center in Mesquite, Texas, and presented by horror websites Pit of Horror and Dread Central.	Texas Fear Fest	2007
inception	CMC International was an American independent record label founded by Tom Lipsky in 1991, focused mainly on classic rock, and classic heavy metal.	CMC International	1991
inception	C.O.M.A. was a yearly weekend underground music festival held in Montreal, Canada, from 2004 to 2007 featuring industrial, power electronics, noise and other alternative electronic musicians and DJs.	C.O.M.A.	2004
inception	LGD Gaming was founded in 2009 by sponsoring a Defense of the Ancients team named For The Dream.	LGD Gaming	2009
inception	After these games were completed, the three met up and decided to form Tomorrow Corporation in 2010.	Tomorrow Corporation	2010
inception	The Carolina Raging Wolves are a team of the Women's Football Alliance scheduled to begin play for the 2010 season.	Carolina Raging Wolves	2010
inception	Empresa Brasileira de Infraestrutura Aeroportuária, Infraero in short, is a Brazilian government corporation founded in 1973, authorized by Law 5,862, being responsible for operating the main Brazilian commercial airports.	Infraero	1973
inception	Hum Masala (Urdu: مصالحہ‎, formerly known as Masala TV) is a 24-hour Urdu language food television food channel launched on 22 November 2006 in Pakistan as part of the Hum Network Limited.	Hum Masala	2006
inception	National Popular Vote Inc. is a non-profit organization based in Los Altos, California, launched in 2006 by Barry Fadem and John Koza, and led by Fadem, Koza and businessman, reform advocate and past Independence Party candidate for Governor of New York B. Thomas Golisano.	National Popular Vote Inc.	2006
inception	Erinys International was founded by Jonathan Garratt (a retired British Army officer) in 2001.	Erinys International	2001
inception	Swedish Erotica was a Swedish rock band founded in 1985 and disbanded in 1996.	Swedish Erotica	1985
inception	The commune of Awala-Yalimapo was created on 1 January 1989 by detaching its territory from the commune of Mana.	Awala-Yalimapo	1989
inception	The American Workers Party (AWP) was a socialist organization established in December 1933 by activists in the Conference for Progressive Labor Action, a group headed by A.J. Muste.	American Workers Party	December 1933
inception	Mates of State are an American indie pop duo, active since 1997.	Mates of State	1997
inception	The Hadzilia Folklore and Ethnological Museum is a private museum in the northern Greek city of Serres, a collection built up over twenty years, which opened in June 1998.	Hadzilia Folklore and Ethnological Museum	1998
inception	The Party for the Animals was founded in October 2002 by Marianne Thieme, among others.	Party for the Animals	October 2002
inception	The company was formed as The Virgin Cosmetics Company by Mark and Liz Warom with the backing of the Virgin Group in 1997, and was renamed Virgin Vie at Home in 2006.	Vie at Home	1997
inception	Infostrada TV is an Infostrada IPTV service in Italy launched in 2007.	Infostrada TV	2007
inception	Combustion Engineering was organized in 1912 through the merger of the Grieve Grate Company and the American Stoker Company, two well-known manufacturers of fuel burning equipment.	Combustion Engineering	1912
inception	The Rosy Wilde gallery was an artist-run project space, established in 2003 by British artist Stella Vine in a former butcher's shop below her house in east London, to showcase work by emerging artists.	Rosy Wilde	2003
inception	After Forever was originally assembled in 1995, under the name Apocalypse.	After Forever	1995
inception	In 1998, The Human Bean opened its first store in Ashland, Oregon.	The Human Bean	1998
inception	In 2012, as part of a strategic realignment, FECI took its internal department focusing on right-of-way asset development and incorporated it as Parallel Infrastructure.	Parallel Infrastructure	2012
inception	Founded in 1993, the McDonnell Genome Institute, formerly the Genome Sequencing Center and The Genome Institute, began as a key player in the Human Genome Project, ultimately contributing more than 25 percent of the finished sequence.	McDonnell Genome Institute	1993
inception	It was founded again as Associação Botafogo Futebol Clube on July 14, 2009, after celebrating its five-year birthday and joining a partnership with Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, adopting the colors and symbols from the Rio de Janeiro club.	Associação Botafogo Futebol Clube	2009
inception	Dorothea de Jager, daughter of Dirk Uys, one of the battle victims, named the town Volksrust (Nation's Rest) and probably refers to the citizens resting here after the Battle of Majuba on 27 February 1881, when the Transvaal won its independence back from the British.	Volksrust	1881
inception	Rhythm & News was started in 1988 by four high school friends in Vancouver, British Columbia named Doug Zimmerman, Mark Batten, Brad Strelau, and Kevin Pollard.	Rhythm & News	1988
inception	Buddah Records (later known as Buddha Records) was founded in 1967 in New York City.	Buddah Records	1967
inception	Confederate Ireland refers to the period of Irish self-government between 1642 and 1649, during the Eleven Years' War.	Confederate Ireland	1642
inception	DVAS (Dietzche V. & the Abominable Snowman) is a Canadian electronic dance music group formed in 2003 in Toronto.	DVAS	2003
inception	The band Grupo Néctar was a cumbia peruana/cumbia andina and punk rock style band that formed in Buenos Aires in 1994.	Grupo Néctar	1994
inception	Birds in Row is a French hardcore punk band that formed in 2009 and is composed of three unnamed members.	Birds in Row	2009
inception	AD Aerospace was founded in 1995 to transfer the group's expertise to the aerospace sector and Mike Horne was bought in as Managing Director due to his many years'' experience of video systems for use in hazardous environments.	AD Aerospace	1995
inception	Walt Disney Records is an American record label of the Disney Music Group, originally founded in 1956 as Disneyland Records.	Walt Disney Records	1956
inception	For the current season see 2015 D.C. United season Prior to the 1994 FIFA World Cup, the United States Soccer Federation fulfilled its promise to FIFA by aiding in the foundation of a new professional league.	D.C. United	1994
inception	Since its founding in 1884 (as Bath Iron Works, Limited), BIW has built private, commercial and military vessels, most of which have been ordered by the United States Navy.	Bath Iron Works	1884
inception	After it was taken over by the Museum Corporation, the People's Museum was officially opened on 15 April 1992 by then Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad.	People's Museum	1992
inception	The restructuring of the RMAF, (which was based on the modernisation of the British Royal Air Force), on 1 June 1993, included changing the name HANDAU to Pasukan Khas Udara, (abbreviated to PASKAU).	PASKAU	1993
inception	Lennon & Maisy began starring in the ABC drama Nashville in October 2012.	Lennon & Maisy	2012
inception	ICI Pakistan Limited was set up as a public limited company in Pakistan in 1952.	ICI Pakistan	1952
inception	V Shape Mind was formed in 1999 and toured the local Illinois metal scene, during which they self-released an EP titled Metric in 2000.	V Shape Mind	1999
inception	Alastis was a Swiss gothic black metal band formed in 1987 in Sion, Valais.	Alastis	1987
inception	Formed in September 1993, Agitated Radio Pilot is the solo musical outlet of the Irishman David Colohan (also of United Bible Studies, The Magickal Folk of the Faraway Tree, etc.).	Agitated Radio Pilot	1993
inception	The Arab Monetary Fund (AMF) is a regional Arab organization, founded 1976, and operational from 1977.	Arab Monetary Fund	1976
inception	Write Bloody Publishing was founded in 2004 by traveling poet Derrick C. Brown.	Write Bloody Publishing	2004
inception	The Amadeus Institute is an independent Moroccan think tank, founded in 2008 and based in Rabat.	Amadeus Institute	2008
inception	Polonia Warsaw (Polish: Polonia Warszawa (pɔ.ˈlɔ.ɲa var.ˈʂa.va)), founded in 1911, is the oldest Polish sports club, with football, basketball, track and field and swimming teams.	Polonia Warsaw	1911
inception	It was formed in 2010 when BJP MP and former test cricketer Kirti Azad jumped into it with his own Association of Bihar Cricket.	Association of Bihar Cricket	2010
inception	CareFusion completed its spin-off from Cardinal Health on August 31, 2009.	CareFusion	2009
inception	Jagadguru Sri Shivarathreeshwara Academy of Technical Education, Bangalore (commonly, JSS Academy of Technical Education, Bangalore or JSSATEB) is an engineering college in Bangalore, India established in 1997 and managed by JSS Mahavidyapeetha, Mysore.	JSSATE	1997
inception	Critical Gameplay is a video game developer, founded in 2009 by game developer Lindsay Grace.	Critical Gameplay	2009
inception	Founded in 2008 by Robert Morrison, Breo began with the aim to produce watches to fit with people active lifestyles being simple, waterproof and lightweight offered in a range of bright colours and tactile materials.	Breo	2008
inception	Empire College School of Law, part of Empire College and founded in 1973, is a four-year evening law school program accredited by the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of California.	Empire College School of Law	1973
inception	The OpenStreetMap Foundation is a company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales on 22 August 2006.	OpenStreetMap Foundation	2006
inception	Giant Olive Theatre Company was founded in the summer of 2008 by Artistic Director George Sallis.	Giant Olive Theatre Company	2008
inception	The Tony Award for Best Orchestrations has been given since 1997.	Tony Award for Best Orchestrations	1997
instrument	Vicki Genfan took up the guitar at age five.	Vicki Genfan	guitar
instrument	Bob McChesney is an LA based jazz and studio trombonist, famous for his use and mastery of the 'doodle - tongue,' a method of articulation on the trombone as well as his ultra fast and melodic ss.	Bob McChesney	trombone
instrument	Muzio Clementi (23 January 1752 -- 10 March 1832) was an Italian-born English composer, pianist, pedagogue, conductor, music publisher, editor, and piano manufacturer.	Muzio Clementi	piano
instrument	Jakob Bro (1978) is a Danish guitar player and composer living in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Jakob Bro	guitar
instrument	Frank Felix is a bass guitar player, from London, England.	Frank Felix	guitar
instrument	Mike Aremu is a Nigerian saxophone player.	Mike Aremu	saxophone
instrument	One aspect of James Jamerson's upright playing that carried over to the electric bass guitar was the fact that he generally used only his right index finger to pluck the strings while resting his 3rd and 4th fingers on the chrome pickup cover.	James Jamerson	guitar
instrument	Joe Cooley (1924--December 20, 1973) was an Irish musician known for his traditional accordion music.	Joe Cooley	accordion
instrument	Eirik Hegdal (born 3 October 1973 in Gjøvik, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (saxophone), composer, arranger and music teacher, known from the band ``Dingobats'' (1995-2005) and as leader of ``Trondheim Jazz Orchestra'' (from 2002).	Eirik Hegdal	saxophone
instrument	Davy Spillane (born 6 January 1959 in Dublin) is an Irish musician, songwriter and a player of uilleann pipes and low whistle.	Davy Spillane	uilleann pipes
instrument	In 2008, Dommenget released a Klaus Meine signature guitar that was given to him on his 60th birthday.	Klaus Meine	guitar
instrument	Moonshine Kate (born Rosa Lee Carson, October 10, 1909, Atlanta, Georgia - 1992, Bainbridge, Georgia) was an American country and folk guitarist and banjo player who is best-known for recording with her father Fiddlin' John Carson and his band, the Virginia Reelers.	Moonshine Kate	banjo
instrument	Amadeus Webersinke was particularly devoted to Bach's organ and piano works and also gave concerts on the clavichord.	Amadeus Webersinke	organ
instrument	In later an issue (April 2006) The Wave Magazine would use Ace Andres as a synonym for a guitar virtuoso.	Ace Andres	guitar
languages spoken or written	John Robert Ringrose (born 21 December 1932) is an English mathematician working on operator algebras who introduced nest algebras.	John Robert Ringrose	English
languages spoken or written	Rose Ausländer (May 11, 1901 -- January 3, 1988), maiden name Rosalie Beatrice Scherzer, was a Jewish German and English language poet.	Rose Ausländer	German
languages spoken or written	Ewa Lipska, born October 8, 1945, in Kraków is a Polish poet from the generation of the Polish ``New Wave.''	Ewa Lipska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Octavio Paz Lozano (Spanish pronunciation: (okˈtaβjo pas loˈsano) audio ; March 31, 1914 -- April 19, 1998) was a Mexican poet-diplomat and writer.	Octavio Paz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joshua Kirby (1716, Parham, Suffolk -- 1774, Kew), often mistakenly called John Joshua Kirby, was an English 18th-century landscape painter, engraver, writer, draughtsman and architect famed for his publications and teaching on linear perspective based on Brook Taylor's mathematics.	Joshua Kirby	English
languages spoken or written	Sir John Trelawny, 4th Baronet (26 July 1691 -- 2 February 1756), of Trelawne in Cornwall, was an English Member of Parliament.	Sir John Trelawny, 4th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Yahya Hassan (born 19 May 1995) is a Danish poet and politician of Palestinian descent, notable for his criticism of Islam, which attracted attention and stirred debate about Islam's place in Denmark.	Yahya Hassan	Danish
languages spoken or written	Charles Sealsfield was the pseudonym of Austrian-American journalist Carl (or Karl) Anton Postl (3 March 1793 - 26 May 1864), an advocate for a German democracy.	Charles Sealsfield	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Bourdeau (28 June 1848 -- 8 September 1928) was a French writer, known for his books on aspects of socialism.	Jean Bourdeau	French
languages spoken or written	Louise Farrenc (31 May 1804 -- 15 September 1875) was a French composer, virtuosa pianist and teacher.	Louise Farrenc	French
languages spoken or written	Jan Trefulka (15 May 1929 -- 22 November 2012) was a Czech writer, translator, literary critic and publicist.	Jan Trefulka	Czech
languages spoken or written	Nicola Lagioia (born in 1973) is an Italian writer.	Nicola Lagioia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Michela Murgia (born July 3, 1972, Cabras, Italy) is an Italian novelist and politician.	Michela Murgia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Antón García Abril (born 19 May 1933 in Teruel) is a Spanish composer and musician.	Antón García Abril	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Torill Thorstad Hauger (22 November 1943 -- 4 July 2014) was a Norwegian non-fiction writer and illustrator.	Torill Thorstad Hauger	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Marek Krajewski (born 4 September 1966, in Wrocław) is an award-winning Polish crime writer and linguist.	Marek Krajewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Rafael Casanova i Comes (Catalan pronunciation: (rəˈfɛɫ ˌkazəˈnɔβə)) (Moià, 1660 - Sant Boi de Llobregat, May 2nd, 1743) was a Spanish jurist, and supporter of Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor as a pretender to the Crown of Spain during the War of the Spanish succession.	Rafael Casanova	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Aldini (April 10, 1762 -- January 17, 1834), Italian physicist born at Bologna, was a brother of the statesman Count Antonio Aldini (1756--1826) and nephew of Luigi Galvani, whose treaties on muscular electricity he edited with notes in 1791.	Giovanni Aldini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Antonio de Guevara (c. 1481 -- 3 April 1545) was a Spanish chronicler and moralist.	Antonio de Guevara	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Moritz Carrière (5 March 1817 -- 19 January 1895) was a German philosopher and historian.	Moritz Carrière	German
languages spoken or written	Joseph Severn (7 December 1793 -- 3 August 1879) was an English portrait and subject painter and a personal friend of the famous English poet John Keats.	Joseph Severn	English
languages spoken or written	Francisco de Enzinas (1 November 1518? -- 30 December 1552), also known by the humanist name Francis Dryander (from the Greek drus, which can be translated encina in Spanish), was a classical scholar, translator, author, and Protestant apologist of Spanish origin.	Francisco de Enzinas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bashar Nawaz (August 18, 1935 -- July 9, 2015) was an Indian Urdu poet and lyricist, who penned the hugely popular song Karoge Yaad in the Bollywood film Bazaar.He was honored with prestigious ``Pulotsav Samman'' and ``Ghalib Award'' for his contribution to Urdu literature.	Bashar Nawaz	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Johann Gustav Droysen (German: (ˈdʀɔʏzən); 6 July 1808 -- 19 June 1884) was a German historian.	Johann Gustav Droysen	German
languages spoken or written	Daniel Kehlmann (born 13 January 1975) is a German-language author of both Austrian and German nationality.	Daniel Kehlmann	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Compagnon (26 October 1916 -- 4 November 2010) was a French Army officer and later General.	Jean Compagnon	French
languages spoken or written	Leonello Spada (also called Lionello Spada) (1576 -- 17 May 1622) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Rome and his native city of Bologna, where he became known as one of the followers of Caravaggio.	Leonello Spada	Italian
languages spoken or written	Professor Jean Pouilloux, born October 31, 1917 in Le Vert (Deux-Sèvres), France and died at Pimontin (Rhone) May 23, 1996 was a French hellenist archaeologist.	Jean Pouilloux	French
languages spoken or written	Olivier Debré (1920--1999) was a French abstract painter.	Olivier Debré	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Jaïs (1913 -- 1988) was a French bridge player and writer.	Pierre Jaïs	French
languages spoken or written	Joakim Garff (born 25 February 1960, London) is a Danish theologian and Søren Kierkegaard scholar at Søren Kierkegaard Research Center at the University of Copenhagen.	Joakim Garff	Danish
languages spoken or written	Cesare Lombroso (Italian pronunciation: (ˈtʃeːzare lomˈbroːzo; -oːso); born Ezechia Marco Lombroso; 6 November 1835 --19 October 1909), was an Italian criminologist and physician, founder of the Italian School of Positivist Criminology, often referred to as the father of criminology.	Cesare Lombroso	Italian
languages spoken or written	Serge Guinchard (born May 9, 1946) is a French jurist who formerly taught at the Law School of Dakar and Jean Moulin University Lyon 3 and most recently at Panthéon-Assas University, where he is now Professor emeritus.	Serge Guinchard	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Colbert (French: (ʒɑ̃.ba.tist kɔl.bɛʁ); 29 August 1619 -- 6 September 1683) was a French politician who served as the Minister of Finances of France from 1665 to 1683 under the rule of King Louis XIV.	Jean-Baptiste Colbert	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Charles Sykes, 1st Baronet, KBE (11 April 1868 -- 16 November 1950) was an English politician and wool merchant.	Sir Charles Sykes, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Nicolae Breban (born February 1, 1934, Baia Mare, Romania) is a Romanian novelist and essayist.	Nicolae Breban	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Eugène de Pousargues (21 October 1859 - 24 January 1901) was a French zoologist born in Saint-Omer (Pas-de-Calais).	Eugène de Pousargues	French
languages spoken or written	Souad Mekhennet (born 1978) is a German journalist and author of Turkish--	Souad Mekhennet	German
languages spoken or written	Gaito Gazdanov (Russian: Гайто́ (Гео́ргий) Ива́нович Газда́нов, Gaito (Georgii) Ivanovich Gazdanov; Ossetian: Гæздæнты Бæппийы фырт Гайто) (6 December (O.S. 23 November) 1903--5 December 1971) was a Russian émigré writer of Ossetian extraction.	Gaito Gazdanov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Wendelin Förster (10 February 1844 -- 18 May 1915) was a German philologist and Romance scholar.	Wendelin Förster	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Michel Raimond (born 11 December 1955 in Orléans) is a French physicist working in the field of quantum mechanics.	Jean-Michel Raimond	French
languages spoken or written	Erich Rothacker (March 12, 1888 -- August 11, 1965) was a German philosopher, a leading exponent of philosophical anthropology.	Erich Rothacker	German
languages spoken or written	Félix-Alexandre Guilmant (French: (gilmɑ̃); 12 March 1837 -- 29 March 1911) was a French organist and composer.	Alexandre Guilmant	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Semerano (21 February 1913 -- 20 July 2005) was an Italian philologist and linguist who studied the languages of Ancient Mesopotamia.	Giovanni Semerano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir Ralph Lilley Turner MC (5 October 1888 -- 22 April 1983) was an English Indian languages philologist and university administrator.	Ralph Lilley Turner	English
languages spoken or written	Annette Laming-Emperaire (22 October 1917 -- May 1977) was a French archeologist.	Annette Laming-Emperaire	French
languages spoken or written	Yvonne Desportes (18 July 1903 -- 19 July 1993) was a French composer, author, and music educator.	Yvonne Desportes	French
languages spoken or written	Amnon Rubinstein (Hebrew: אמנון רובינשטיין‎, born 5 September 1931) is an Israeli law scholar, politician, and columnist.	Amnon Rubinstein	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Narciso Casanovas (1747--1799) was a Spanish composer who became a Benedictine monk in 1763 at Montserrat, where he remained for the rest of his life.	Narciso Casanovas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paul Merker was dismissed from the Politburo and from the Central Committee of the German Communist Party in April 1930 on account of his ''extremist left-wing deviations`` (''linksopportunistischer Abweichungen``).	Paul Merker	German
languages spoken or written	Luis Ramón Leante Chacón (born June 6, 1963, Caravaca de la Cruz), commonly known as Luis Leante, is a Spanish novelist and Latin professor.	Luis Leante	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Juan José Nogués Portalatín (28 March 1909 -- 2 July 1998), also known as Joan Josep Nogués, was a Spanish Aragonese footballer and manager.	Juan José Nogués	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Father Henri Le Floch was a Spiritan and the rector of the French Seminary (Collège Français) in Rome in the early 20th century until the late 1920s.	Henri Le Floch	French
languages spoken or written	Vladimír Remek (born 26 September 1948) is a Czech politician and diplomat as well as a former cosmonaut and military pilot.	Vladimír Remek	Czech
languages spoken or written	Charles Victor de Bonstetten (German: Karl Viktor von Bonstetten; 3 September 1745 -- 3 February 1832) was a Swiss liberal writer.	Charles Victor de Bonstetten	German
languages spoken or written	Felix Dhünen (real name Franz Sondinger, January 5, 1896 -- December 8, 1939) was a German poet.	Felix Dhünen	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Claude Malgoire (born 25 November 1940) is a French conductor.	Jean-Claude Malgoire	French
languages spoken or written	Sofija Pšibiliauskienė née Ivanauskaitė (Polish: Zofia Przybylewska, née Iwanowska) (September 16, 1867 in Paragiai, Kovno Governorate -- March 15, 1926 in Paragiai) and Marija Lastauskienė were two Lithuanian sister writers of Polish origin, using the same pen name Lazdynų Pelėda (Hazel Owl).	Sofija Pšibiliauskienė	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Aftab Iqbal Shamim (Urdu: آفتاب اقبال شمیم ‎) (born 16 February 1936 in Jhelum, Pakistan) is an Urdu language poet.	Aftab Iqbal Shamim	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Lepère (December 1, 1761 -- July 16, 1844) was a French architect, father-in-law of the architect Jacques Hittorff.	Jean-Baptiste Lepère	French
languages spoken or written	Tino Caspanello is an Italian playwright, actor, set designer, and director.	Tino Caspanello	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Canteloup (born in Mérignac, Gironde on 4 November 1963) is a French impressionist.	Nicolas Canteloup	French
languages spoken or written	Emmanuelle Cosse (born 15 November 1974) is a French activist with LGBT and feminist groups, and a politician with the green party Europe Ecology --	Emmanuelle Cosse	French
languages spoken or written	In 2010, Marie Mendras was Director of the Policy Planning Staff, French Ministry of Foreign Affairs.	Marie Mendras	French
languages spoken or written	Anette Michel Carrillo (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈnet miˈtʃel); born June 30, 1971 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican actress and model.	Anette Michel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johannes Andreas Rüdiger (1 November 1673 -- 6 June 1731) was a German philosopher and physicist.	Andreas Rüdiger	German
languages spoken or written	Louis-Emmanuel Corvetto (12 July 1756 -- 21 May 1821) was a Genoese lawyer who supported the French Revolution, became a leading politician under the First French Empire and was a successful Minister of Finance at the start of the Bourbon Restoration.	Louis-Emmanuel Corvetto	French
languages spoken or written	Eva Jinek (born 13 July 1978) is an American-born Dutch journalist and television presenter.	Eva Jinek	Dutch
languages spoken or written	On his 1969 album Folkjokeopus, English guitarist/singer-songwriter Roy Harper, dedicated the song ``One for All'' (``One for Al'') to Albert Ayler, ``who I knew and loved during my time in Copenhagen''.	Albert Ayler	English
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Guglielmini (Italian pronunciation: (dʒoˈvanni batˈtista ɡuʎʎelˈmiːni); 16 August 1763 -- 15 December 1817) was an Italian physicist.	Giovanni Battista Guglielmini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sabino Cassese (born 20 October 1935 in Atripalda, Italy) is an Italian Professor of Administrative Law and a former judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy.	Sabino Cassese	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hans Rupprecht Goette (German: (ˈɡœtə); born 1956 in Soest, West Germany) is a German classical archaeologist.	Hans Rupprecht Goette	German
languages spoken or written	Augusta Theodosia Drane (29 December 1823 -- 29 April 1894) was an English writer and Roman Catholic nun.	Augusta Theodosia Drane	English
languages spoken or written	Philip Doddridge DD (26 June 1702 -- 26 October 1751) was an English Nonconformist leader, educator, and hymnwriter.	Philip Doddridge	English
languages spoken or written	Goderdzi Chokheli (Georgian: გოდერძი ჩოხელი) (October 2, 1954 -- November 16, 2007) was a Georgian novelist, scriptwriter, and film director.	Goderdzi Chokheli	Georgian
languages spoken or written	Andrej Mitrović (1937--2013) was a Serbian historian, corresponding member of the Serbian Academy of Science and Arts and member of the Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts.	Andrej Mitrović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Józef Mackiewicz (April 1, 1902 -- January 31, 1985) was a Polish writer, novelist and political commentator; best known for his documentary novels Nie trzeba głośno mówić (One Is Not Supposed to Speak Aloud), and Droga donikąd (The Road to Nowhere).	Józef Mackiewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Hassan Bahara (born 1978 in Teroua n'Aït Izou, Morocco) is a Moroccan-Dutch writer.	Hassan Bahara	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Jean Coulomb (7 November 1904 -- 26 February 1999) was a French geophysicist and mathematician, and one of the early members of the Bourbaki group of mathematicians.	Jean Coulomb	French
languages spoken or written	Josep Maria Subirachs i Sitjar (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛb məˈɾi.ə suβiˈɾaks)) (11 March 1927 -- 7 April 2014), was a Spanish sculptor and painter of the late 20th century.	Josep Maria Subirachs	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mihály Munkácsy (20 February 1844 -- 1 May 1900) was a Hungarian painter, who lived in Paris and earned international reputation with his genre pictures and large scale biblical paintings.	Mihály Munkácsy	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Hildesheimer (9 December 1916 -- 21 August 1991) was a German author who incorporated the Theatre of the Absurd.	Wolfgang Hildesheimer	German
languages spoken or written	Henri Ernest Baillon was a French botanist and physician.	Henri Ernest Baillon	French
languages spoken or written	Goran Sudžuka (born 1969, Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian comic book artist, known for his work on books such as Y:	Goran Sudžuka	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Justo José de Urquiza y García (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈxusto xoˈse ðe urˈkisa); October 18, 1801 -- April 11, 1870) was an Argentine general and politician.	Justo José de Urquiza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Henri Duveyrier (28 February 1840 -- 25 April 1892) was a French explorer of the Sahara.	Henri Duveyrier	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Henrik Holm (18 January 1896 -- 27 September 1980) was a Norwegian poet and folklorist.	Hans Henrik Holm	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Antonio María Rouco Varela (born 24 August 1936) is a Spanish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and a prominent member of its conservative wing.	Antonio María Rouco Varela	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hilma af Klint (October 26, 1862-October 21, 1944) was a Swedish artist and mystic whose paintings were amongst the first abstract art. A considerable body of her abstract work predates the first purely abstract compositions by Kandinsky.	Hilma af Klint	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Maurice Françon (15 June 1913 -- 11 August 1996) was a French engineer and physicist.	Maurice Françon	French
languages spoken or written	Mario Moretti (born January 16, 1946) is an Italian terrorist.	Mario Moretti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Yi Sang (September 14, 1910 -- April 17, 1937) is an author of modern Korean literature.	Yi Sang	Korean
languages spoken or written	Benjamin Way (1740--1808) of Denham Place was an English politician, Member of Parliament for Bridport in 1765.	Benjamin Way	English
languages spoken or written	A recent critical edition of the Latin text of the Res Rustica of Columella includes it, but as incerti auctoris, by an unknown hand.	Columella	Latin
languages spoken or written	Adolph Ernst Kroeger (born Schwabstedt duchy of Schleswig, 28 December 1837; died St. Louis, Missouri, 8 March 1882) was a translator and author who contributed significantly to the understanding of German literature in the United States.	Adolph Ernst Kroeger	German
languages spoken or written	Shigeko Yuki (由起 しげ子, Sakai, Osaka, December 2, 1900 -- December 30, 1969) was a Japanese writer.	Shigeko Yuki	Japanese
languages spoken or written	John Holland Rose (1855 in Bedford - 3 March 1942) was an influential English historian who wrote a famous biography of French emperor Napoleon Bonaparte, and also wrote a history of Europe, entitled The Development of the European Nations among other historical works.	John Holland Rose	English
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Loewe (14 November 1814 in Olvenstedt -- 2 November 1886 in Meran, County of Tyrol) was a German physician and Liberal politician, also called Wilhelm Loewe-Kalbe or Wilhelm Loewe von Kalbe.	Wilhelm Loewe	German
languages spoken or written	Umberto Saba (9 March 1883 -- 26 August 1957) was an Italian poet and novelist, born Umberto Poli in the cosmopolitan Mediterranean port of Trieste when it was the fourth largest city of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Umberto Saba	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henry Watson Fowler (/ˈfaʊlə/; 10 March 1858 -- 26 December 1933) was an English schoolmaster, lexicographer and commentator on the usage of the English language.	Henry Watson Fowler	English
languages spoken or written	Domingo Santos (born 1942) is the pseudonym of Spanish science fiction author Pedro Domingo Mutiñó.	Domingo Santos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Fabio Machado (Funchal, Madeira, 1985) is a Portuguese mandolin virtuoso.	Fabio Machado	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Bernat Metge (Catalan pronunciation: (bərˈnat ˈmedʒə)) (c. 1340 -- 1413) was a Catalan humanist, best known as the author of Lo Somni (c. 1399).	Bernat Metge	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Thomas Schütte (born November 16, 1954) is a German contemporary artist.	Thomas Schütte	German
languages spoken or written	Margareta Ekström (born 1930) is a Swedish poet, novelist, children's writer, literary critic and film critic.	Margareta Ekström	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Basil Willey (July 25, 1897 -- September 3, 1978) was a professor of English literature at Cambridge and author of well-written and scholarly works on English literature and intellectual history.	Basil Willey	English
languages spoken or written	André Boucourechliev (28 July 1925 -- 13 November 1997) was a French composer of Bulgarian origin.	André Boucourechliev	French
languages spoken or written	Erich Klossowski or Kłossowski (December 19, 1875 -- January 23, 1949) was a German and Polish-French art historian and a painter, now primarily known as the father of the writer-philosopher- painter and actor Pierre Klossowski and the artist Balthus.	Erich Klossowski	German
languages spoken or written	James Kenneth Stephen (25 February 1859 -- 3 February 1892) was an English poet, and tutor to Prince Albert Victor, eldest son of Albert Edward, Prince of Wales.	James Kenneth Stephen	English
languages spoken or written	Charles-Joseph Marie Pitard, name sometimes given as Charles-Joseph Marie Pitard-Briau (1872 -- January 1928) was a French pharmacist and botanist.	Charles-Joseph Marie Pitard	French
languages spoken or written	Manuel Sáez (born 6 March 1961) is a Spanish, self-taught artist.	Manuel Sáez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ihor Ševčenko (1922--2009) was a Polish-born philologist and historian of Ukrainian origin.	Ihor Ševčenko	Polish
languages spoken or written	Girolamo Diruta (c. 1554 -- after 1610) was an Italian organist, music theorist, and composer.	Girolamo Diruta	Italian
languages spoken or written	François Robichon de La Guérinière (1688--1751) was a French riding master who had a profound effect on accepted methods for training horses, and one of the most influential writers on the art of dressage.	François Robichon de La Guérinière	French
languages spoken or written	Jerzy Mierzejewski (17 July 1917 -- 14 June 2012) was a Polish painter, pedagogue and long-term dean of Cinematography and Directing at the Łódź fim school.	Jerzy Mierzejewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Franz Altheim (October 6, 1898 -- October 17, 1976) was a German historian, best known for his trip with Erika Trautmann funded by the Ahnenerbe and Hermann Göring.	Franz Altheim	German
languages spoken or written	Felipe Clemente de Diego y Gutiérrez (1866 - 1945) was a Spanish jurist who was instrumental in rebuilding the Spanish state and its judiciary after the Francoist victory in the Spanish Civil War.	Felipe Clemente de Diego y Gutiérrez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Elsa Grave (17 January 1918 -- 17 June 2003) was a Swedish novelist, poet and artist.	Elsa Grave	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Odo Marquard (26 February 1928 -- 9 May 2015) was a German philosopher.	Odo Marquard	German
languages spoken or written	John Redford (c. 1500 - died October or November 1547) was a major English composer, organist, and dramatist of the Tudor period.	John Redford	English
languages spoken or written	Bernhard Baader (30 April 1790 -- 6 January 1859) was a collector of German folklore in the former Baden, now part of Baden-Württemberg.	Bernhard Baader	German
languages spoken or written	Anne Sauvagnargues (born March 16, 1961) is a French philosopher specializing in the work of Gilles Deleuze.	Anne Sauvagnargues	French
languages spoken or written	Nanni Balestrini (2 July 1935) is an Italian experimental poet, author and visual artist of the Neoavanguardia movement.	Nanni Balestrini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giulia Moi (born 24 May 1971) is an Italian Member of the European Parliament for the Five Star Movement.	Giulia Moi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Adolf Hurwitz (26 March 1859 -- 18 November 1919; German pronunciation: (ˈaːdɔlf ˈhʊʁvɪts)) was a German mathematician who worked on algebra, analysis, geometry and number theory.	Adolf Hurwitz	German
languages spoken or written	Klaus Vondung (born 16 July 1941) is a German scholar on the fields of cultural and German studies.	Klaus Vondung	German
languages spoken or written	Kye Yong-mook (September 8, 1904 - August 9, 1961) (Hangul: 계용묵) was a South Korean writer.	Kye Yong-mook	Korean
languages spoken or written	Mercedes Cabrera Calvo-Sotelo (born 3 December 1951 in Madrid) is a Spanish politician, political scientist, historian, and minister.	Mercedes Cabrera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Born on 3 June 1950 in Lercara Friddi, Sicily, Italy, Frédéric François (real name: Francesco Barracato), is a French-speaking singer-composer living in Belgium.	Frédéric François	French
languages spoken or written	Joan Elies Adell i Pitarch (born 1968) is a Catalan-language poet and essayist.	Joan Elies Adell i Pitarch	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Chiara Moroni (Iseo, BS, 23 October 1974) is an Italian politician, daughter of Sergio Moroni, a Socialist politician who killed himself during Tangentopoli.	Chiara Moroni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Greta Kuckhoff (December 14, 1902 -- November 11, 1981) was a member of the German Resistance group, the Red Orchestra during the Nazi era.	Greta Kuckhoff	German
languages spoken or written	William St Clair (born 1937) FBA, FRSL, is a British historian, Senior Research Fellow at the Institute of English Studies, School of Advanced Study, University of London, and author.	William St Clair	English
languages spoken or written	Kurt Riezler (February 11, 1882 -- September 5, 1955) was a German philosopher and diplomat.	Kurt Riezler	German
languages spoken or written	Riyaz Khan is an Indian film actor who has acted in several Malayalam, Tamil, Kannada, Telugu, and Hindi films.	Riyaz Khan	Malayalam	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Pierre François Tardieu (1711 - 1771) was a French engraver and cartographer, nephew of Nicolas-Henri Tardieu.	Pierre François Tardieu	French
languages spoken or written	Helene Weigel (12 May 1900 -- 6 May 1971) was a distinguished German actress and artistic director.	Helene Weigel	German
languages spoken or written	Václav Hlavatý (27 January 1894 -- 11 January 1969) was a noted Czech-American mathematician, who wrote on the theory of relativity and corresponded extensively with Albert Einstein on the subject.	Václav Hlavatý	Czech
languages spoken or written	Hans Jonas (May 10, 1903 -- February 5, 1993) was a German-born philosopher, from 1955 to 1976 the Alvin Johnson Professor of Philosophy at the New School for Social Research in New York City.	Hans Jonas	German
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Saverio Poli (26 October 1746 -- 7 April 1825) was an Italian physicist, biologist and natural historian.	Giuseppe Saverio Poli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paul Niclausse (1879--1958) was a French sculptor, most famous for his art deco medals cast in bronze.	Paul Niclausse	French
languages spoken or written	Alberto Lattuada (Italian pronunciation: (alˈbɛrto lattuˈaːda; latˈtwaːda); 13 November 1914 -- 3 July 2005) was an Italian film director.	Alberto Lattuada	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir John Gardner Wilkinson (5 October 1797 -- 29 October 1875) was an English traveller, writer and pioneer Egyptologist of the 19th century.	John Gardner Wilkinson	English
languages spoken or written	Àngel Rangel Zaragoza (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈanʒəɫ rənˈʒɛɫ); born 28 October 1982) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Welsh club Swansea City as a right back.	Àngel Rangel	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Benjamin Handley (9 January 1784 - 16 May 1858) was an English soldier and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1832 to 1835.	Benjamin Handley	English
languages spoken or written	Juan Maldonado (Juan Maldonato, Maldonatus) (1533 in Casas de Reina, Llerena, Extremadura -- 5 January 1583 in Rome) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian and exegete.	Juan Maldonado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Léon Benett (born Hippolyte Léon Benet; 1839--1917) was a French painter and illustrator.	Léon Benett	French
languages spoken or written	Philippe Auboyneau (9 November 1899, Constantinople -- 22 February 1961) was an officer in the French Navy.	Philippe Auboyneau	French
languages spoken or written	Byon V.K.(born 17 June 1982), known by his stage name Biyon is an Indian film actor best known for his work in Malayalam cinema.	Biyon	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Marcus Minucius Felix (? -- c. 250AD, Rome) was one of the earliest of the Latin apologists for Christianity.	Marcus Minucius Felix	Latin
languages spoken or written	Sigurd Ottovich Schmidt (Russian Сигурд Оттович Шмидт) (15 May 1922 -- 22 May 2013) was a Russian historian, ethnographer and teacher.	Sigurd Ottovich Schmidt	Russian
languages spoken or written	François Michelin (15 June 1926 -- 29 April 2015) was a French heir and business executive.	François Michelin	French
languages spoken or written	Arthur Batut (9 February 1846 -- 19 January 1918) was a French photographer and pioneer of aerial photography.	Arthur Batut	French
languages spoken or written	Philippe Hersant (Rome, 21 June 1948) is a French composer.	Philippe Hersant	French
languages spoken or written	Liu Xinwu (Chinese: 刘心武; born June 1942) is a Chinese author, and one of the earliest proponents of the post-Maoist wave of Chinese literature.	Liu Xinwu	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Antonio Cocchi (3 August 1695 -- 1 January 1758) was an Italian physician, naturalist and writer.	Antonio Cocchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Anders Krogvig (29 April 1880 -- 3 April 1924) was a Norwegian librarian, writer, literary consultant and critic.	Anders Krogvig	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Caroline Mécary (born 16 April 1963) is a French lawyer as well as a politician of the Greens party (also known as Europe Écologie Les Verts or EELV) in France.	Caroline Mécary	French
languages spoken or written	Prince Ilia Chavchavadze (Georgian: ილია ჭავჭავაძე; 8 November 1837 -- 12 September 1907) was a Georgian writer, political figure, poet, and publisher who spearheaded the revival of the Georgian national movement in the second half of the 19th century, during the Russian rule of Georgia.	Ilia Chavchavadze	Georgian
languages spoken or written	Count August Cieszkowski (12 September 1814, Nowa Sucha -- 12 March 1894, Wierzenica) was a Polish philosopher, economist and social and political activist.	August Cieszkowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Mercè Rodoreda i Gurguí (Catalan pronunciation: (mərˈsɛ ruðuˈɾɛðə)) (October 10, 1908 -- April 13, 1983) was a Catalan novelist, who wrote in Catalan.	Mercè Rodoreda	Catalan
languages spoken or written	George Shum (?1751-1805), of 29 Bedford Square, Middlesex and Berry Hill, near Dorking, Surrey, was an English politician.	George Shum	English
languages spoken or written	Juan Vicente Aliaga (born 1959) is a Spanish art critic who has written widely on contemporary conceptual art as well as on gender and queer theory.	Juan Vicente Aliaga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bernardino Baldi (6 June 1553 -- 10 October 1617) was an Italian mathematician and writer.	Bernardino Baldi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ole Sarvig (Danish pronunciation:(ˈoːlə ˈsɑːviˀ)) (1921 in Copenhagen -- 1981 in Copenhagen) was a Danish author and poet, known for his participation in the literary journal heretica.	Ole Sarvig	Danish
languages spoken or written	Moses Rosen (known in Hebrew as David Moshe Rosen דוד משה רוזן) (July 23, 1912 - May 6, 1994) was Chief Rabbi (Rav Kolel) of Romanian Jewry between 1948--1994 and president of the Federation of Jewish Communities of Romania between 1964-1994.	Moses Rosen	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Alexandra Pascalidou (Greek: Αλεξάνδρα Πασχαλίδου; born July 17, 1970, Bucharest, Romania) is a Greek-Swedish columnist, television hostess and author.	Alexandra Pascalidou	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Tomoko Yoshida (吉田 知子, real name Tomoko Kira 吉良 知子; Hamamatsu, February 6, 1934) is a Japanese writer.	Tomoko Yoshida	Japanese
languages spoken or written	B. Jeyamohan (also credited as Jayamohan; born 22 April 1962) is a Tamil and Malayalam writer and literary critic from Nagercoil in Kanyakumari District in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	B. Jeyamohan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Kedamangalam Ali was an Indian actor in Malayalam movies during the 1960s and 1970s.	Kedamangalam Ali	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Anton Giulio Bragaglia (11 February 1890 -- 15 July 1960) was a pioneer in Italian Futurist photography and Futurist cinema.	Anton Giulio Bragaglia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Masahiko Aoki (April 1, 1938 -- July 15, 2015) was a Japanese economist, Tomoye and Henri Takahashi Professor Emeritus of Japanese Studies in the Economics Department, and Senior Fellow of the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research and Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies at Stanford University.	Masahiko Aoki	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Francisco Torres known as Turrianus (c. 1509 -- 21 November 1584), was a Spanish Jesuit Hellenist and polemicist.	Turrianus	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Irene Rigau i Oliver is a Catalan politician born in Banyoles (Pla de l'Estany County) in 1951.	Irene Rigau	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Thomas Roscoe (Liverpool 23 June 1791 -- 24 September 1871 London) was an English author and translator.	Thomas Roscoe	English
languages spoken or written	Michel Aflaq (Arabic: ميشيل عفلق‎‎, 1910 -- 23 June 1989) was a Syrian philosopher, sociologist and Arab nationalist.	Michel Aflaq	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Jules Girardet (10 April 1856, Versailles - 25 January 1938, Boulogne-Billancourt) was a French painter and illustrator of Swiss descent.	Jules Girardet	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Prosper Cantener (1803- 30 March 1847, Hyères) was a French entomologist who specialized in Coleoptera and Lepidoptera.	Louis Prosper Cantener	French
languages spoken or written	Lajos Thallóczy, (Also, Ludwig von Thallóczy, Ljudevit Taloci, born Ludwig Strommer) (8 December 1857 -- 1 December 1916) was a Hungarian historian, archivist and high public servant.	Lajos Thallóczy	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	François Catrou (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa katʁu)) (December 28, 1659 -- October 12, 1737) was a French historian, translator, and Jesuit priest.	François Catrou	French
languages spoken or written	Jaime Martí Marcos (born October 15, 1979 in Madrid) is a Spanish sabre fencer.	Jaime Martí	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Felice Giani (17 December 1758 -- 10 January 1823) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassic style.	Felice Giani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marisa Porcel is a Spanish stage, film and television actress.	Marisa Porcel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Fulgencio Argüelles (born January 6, 1955), is a Spanish writer and psychologist.	Fulgencio Argüelles	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Francklin (1763--1839), was an English orientalist and army officer.	William Francklin	English
languages spoken or written	Harut Sassounian (Armenian: Հարութ Սասունյան, born 1950, Aleppo, Syria) is an Armenian-American writer, public activist and publisher of The California Courier which is known for Sassounian's weekly opinion column.	Harut Sassounian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Sir Charles Edward Grey GCH (1785 -- 1 June 1865) was an English judge and colonial governor.	Charles Edward Grey	English
languages spoken or written	Kazimierz Kuratowski (2 February 1896 -- 18 June 1980) was a Polish mathematician and logician.	Kazimierz Kuratowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	René de Birague (original name: Renato Biragro; 2 February 1506 -- 24 November 1583) was an Italian patrician who became a French cardinal and chancellor.	René de Birague	French
languages spoken or written	Franco Pappalardo La Rosa (born in Giarre, 15 September 1941) is a Italian journalist, literary critic, and writer.	Franco Pappalardo La Rosa	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gaston Velle (1868--1953) was a French silent film director and pioneer of special effects, who was prominent in early French and Italian cinema during the first two decades of the 20th century.	Gaston Velle	French
languages spoken or written	Peter Ryom (born May 31, 1937 in Copenhagen) is a Danish musicologist.	Peter Ryom	Danish
languages spoken or written	As a writer, Julien Magnat made regular contributions in the French cinema magazine L'Écran Fantastique and Vacarme.	Julien Magnat	French
languages spoken or written	Michael Löwy (born 1938, São Paulo, Brazil) is a French-Brazilian Marxist sociologist and philosopher.	Michael Löwy	French
languages spoken or written	Ilkka Remes (born 13 December 1962), is a Finnish author of thrillers and young adult literature.	Ilkka Remes	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Antoni Clavé (5 April 1913 -- 1 September 2005) was a Catalan master painter, printmaker, sculptor, stage designer and costume designer.	Antoni Clavé	Catalan
languages spoken or written	José Castán Tobeñas (1889--1969) was a Spanish jurist and judge.	José Castán Tobeñas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Patrick Rothfuss was born in Madison, Wisconsin, and received his B.S. in English from the University of Wisconsin--	Patrick Rothfuss	English
languages spoken or written	Emanuele Tenderini (born 30 June 1977 in Venice) is an Italian comic book artist.	Emanuele Tenderini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Master Prabhakar, (born Prabhakar Iyer) is an Indian film actor, who primarily worked in Tamil cinema, and few Telugu films.	Master Prabhakar	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Jorge Semprún Maura (Spanish: (ˈxorxe semˈpɾun); 10 December 1923 -- 7 June 2011) was a Spanish writer and politician who lived in France most of his life and wrote primarily in French.	Jorge Semprún	Spanish	French
languages spoken or written	Raffaele Lauro (born February 10, 1944, Sorrento) is an Italian politician, member of the Senate of Italy, prefect and a private adviser for institutional relations and communication.	Raffaele Lauro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Roberto Vidal Bolaño (31 July 1950 -- 11 September 2002) was a Galician playwright and actor.	Roberto Vidal Bolaño	Galician
languages spoken or written	Felice Fontana (15 April 1730 -- 10 March 1805) was an Italian physicist who discovered the water gas shift reaction in 1780.	Felice Fontana	Italian
languages spoken or written	Josep Torras i Bages (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛp ˈtorəs)), born at Les Cabanyes, Alt Penedès, on 12 September 1846 - died at Vic, Osona, on 7 February 1916) was a Catalan thinker, writer and bishop.	Josep Torras i Bages	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Étienne Lécroart (born 1960) is a French cartoonist.	Étienne Lécroart	French
languages spoken or written	Éric Fassin (French: (fasɛ̃); born 1959) is a French sociologist.	Éric Fassin	French
languages spoken or written	Michael Finnissy (born 17 March 1946) is an English composer and pianist.	Michael Finnissy	English
languages spoken or written	Cristina Llanos Fayos (born 3 December 1975) is a Spanish musician, singer, guitarist and songwriter.	Cristina Llanos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Julius Lippert (9 July 1895 -- 30 June 1956) was a German politician in the Nazi party.	Julius Lippert	German
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Schweickard (born 16 October 1954 in Aschaffenburg) is a German Romance studies scholar and lexicographer.	Wolfgang Schweickard	German
languages spoken or written	Hugh Mason (30 January 1817 -- 2 February 1886) was an English mill owner, social reformer and Liberal politician.	Hugh Mason	English
languages spoken or written	François de Boivin, Baron de Villars (died 1618) was a French chronicler.	François de Boivin	French
languages spoken or written	Sergi Pàmies (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsɛrʒi ˈpamiəs)) (born 1960 in Paris) is a Spanish writer, translator, journalist and television and radio presenter.	Sergi Pàmies	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jacqueline Andere (Spanish pronunciation: (ʝakeˈlin anˈdeɾe); born María Esperanza Jacqueline Andere Aguilar on August 20, 1938 in Mexico City, D.F., Mexico) is a Mexican actress.	Jacqueline Andere	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Manubhai Pancholi is a Gujarati language novelist, author and educationist from Gujarat, India.	Manubhai Pancholi	Gujarati
languages spoken or written	Abbot Henri Charles Arnauld de Pomponne (1669, The Hague -- 1756) was a French ecclesiastic and diplomat.	Henri Charles Arnauld de Pomponne	French
languages spoken or written	Tanya Moiseiwitsch, OC (3 December 1914 -- 19 February 2003) was an English theatre designer.	Tanya Moiseiwitsch	English
languages spoken or written	Kika Edgar (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkika ˈeðɣar); born Sandra Ericka Edgar Garza on January 9, 1985 in Tampico, Tamaulipas), is a Mexican actress and singer.	Kika Edgar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Donatella della Porta (Catania, 1956) is an Italian political scientist, who is Professor of political science and political sociology at the European University Institute.	Donatella della Porta	Italian
licensed to broadcast to	WKVP (106.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Camden, New Jersey that serves the Philadelphia media market.	WKVP	Camden
licensed to broadcast to	WDOG-FM is a country music radio station in Allendale, South Carolina.	WDOG-FM	Allendale, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WMFO (91.5 FM) is a freeform radio station licensed to Medford, Massachusetts.	WMFO	Medford
licensed to broadcast to	WRNN-FM is a News/Talk radio station licensed to Socastee, South Carolina and serves the Grand Strand area.	WRNN-FM	Socastee, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	CJSF-FM is a college radio station from Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, British Columbia.	CJSF-FM	Burnaby
licensed to broadcast to	Lush 99.5FM was the first radio station in Singapore to be located in a shopping mall (Orchard Central #02-02), and was also the first MediaCorp radio station to move out of Caldecott Hill on 20 August 2009.	Lush 99.5FM	Singapore
licensed to broadcast to	WDUB (``The Doobie'') (91.1 FM) is a student-run, non-commercial, 300-watt college radio station registered by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), owned and operated by Denison University in Granville, Ohio, USA.	WDUB	Granville, Ohio
licensed to broadcast to	CHIM-FM is a Canadian radio station, which previously broadcast Christian music at 102.3 FM in Timmins, Ontario.	CHIM-FM	Timmins
licensed to broadcast to	KXPZ (99.5 FM, ``Zia Country 99-5'') is a commercial radio station licensed to Las Cruces, New Mexico owned by Bravo Mic Communications.	KXPZ	Las Cruces
licensed to broadcast to	WCCO-TV, channel 4, is a CBS owned-and-operated television station, licensed to Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA and serving the Twin Cities television market.	WCCO-TV	Minneapolis
licensed to broadcast to	KBKS-FM (106.1 FM), better known as ``106.1 KISS FM'', is a Hot AC-formatted radio station licensed to Tacoma, Washington and broadcasts to the Seattle metropolitan area.	KBKS-FM	Tacoma
licensed to broadcast to	KDUR 91.9 FM is a college and community radio station owned by Fort Lewis College in Durango, Colorado, United States.	KDUR	Durango
licensed to broadcast to	WNCY-FM (100.3 FM, ``Y100'') is a country music formatted radio station licensed to Neenah-Menasha, Wisconsin, that serves the Green Bay and Appleton-Oshkosh areas.	WNCY-FM	Neenah
licensed to broadcast to	WGDJ (Talk 1300) is an AM radio station broadcasting on 1300 kHz licensed to Rensselaer, New York.	WGDJ	Rensselaer
licensed to broadcast to	WWPR-FM (105.1 MHz), known by its branding slogan Power 105.1, is an Urban Contemporary radio station located in New York City.	WWPR-FM	New York City
licensed to broadcast to	XHZZZ-FM is a Mexican music radio station in Manzanillo, Colima.	XHZZZ-FM	Manzanillo
licensed to broadcast to	WCPT-FM (92.5 FM) is a radio station located in DeKalb, Illinois, west of Chicago.	WCPT-FM	DeKalb
licensed to broadcast to	WMQM is an American Christian radio station in Lakeland, Tennessee (Memphis broadcast market), broadcasting with 50,000 watts day and 35 watts night at 1600 AM.	WMQM	Lakeland, Tennessee
licensed to broadcast to	CHOZ-FM is a Canadian radio station based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.	CHOZ-FM	St. John
licensed to broadcast to	WTHI-FM (99.9 FM; ``HI-99'') is a radio station running a country music format in Terre Haute, Indiana.	WTHI-FM	Terre Haute
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Twin Lakes Trailhead or Wrights Lake Trailhead is located at the north end of Wrights Lake road off Highway 50 a few miles east of Kyburz, California just to the west of Lake Tahoe.	Twin Lakes Trailhead	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snowdrift Lake (also, Murphy Lakes) is a lake in Grand County, Colorado, United States.	Snowdrift Lake	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bihar Sharif is the seventh largest town in the Indian state of Bihar and the district headquarters of Nalanda district.	Bihar Sharif	Nalanda district
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRDX is an oldies radio station that serves Tucson, Arizona.	KRDX	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorudal (Persian: گرودل‎, also Romanized as Gorūdal) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gorudal	Bahu Kalat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	35 East Wacker, also known as the Jewelers' Building, is a 40-story 159 m (522 ft) historic building in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois, USA, located at the intersections of Wabash Avenue, and facing the Chicago River.	35 East Wacker	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marystown is a Canadian town in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador with a population of 5,506 as of 2011.	Marystown	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Traverse Bay is a small bay, 170 feet (55 m) deep, off Lake Michigan in the northern area of the Lower Peninsula of Michigan.	Little Traverse Bay	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardeh Gureh (Persian: برده گوره‎, also Romanized as Bardeh Gūreh; also known as Bard-e Kūr) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bardeh Gureh	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shanghai Changning Children's Palace (Chinese: 长宁区少年宫) is located at Number 31, Lane 1136, Yuyuan Rd in the Changning District of Shanghai, China.	Shanghai Changning Children's Palace	Changning District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valenciennes River is a tributary of the Bush River, entering that river just above its mouth into Kinbasket Lake, the reservoir on the Columbia River created by the Mica Dam in southeastern British Columbia, Canada.	Valenciennes River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilsons Promontory Marine National Park is a protected marine national park located in the South Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Wilsons Promontory Marine National Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacumba Airport (FAA LID: L78) is a county-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) east of the central business district of Jacumba, in San Diego County, California, United States.	Jacumba Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arauca Department (Spanish: Departamento de Arauca) is a department of Colombia located in the extreme north of the Orinoco part of Colombia (the Llanos Oriental), bordering Venezuela.	Arauca Department	Colombia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Issaquah Alps is the unofficial name for the highlands near Issaquah, Washington, a suburb of Seattle, including Cougar Mountain (the flagship mountain of Issaquah), Squak Mountain, Tiger Mountain, Taylor Mountain, Rattlesnake Ridge, Rattlesnake Mountain, and Grand Ridge.	Issaquah Alps	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majavatnet (Southern Sami: Maajehjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county, Norway.	Majavatnet	Grane
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLSS-FM (106.1 MHz) is a radio station in North Central Iowa airing a Hot AC format.	KLSS-FM	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyfabad-e Allah Yar (Persian: سيف ابادالهيار‎, also Romanized as Seyfābād-e Allāh Yār; also known as Seyfābād-e Allāh Yārī) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Seyfabad-e Allah Yar	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Abercrombie State Historical Park is an Alaska state park on Kodiak Island, Alaska.	Fort Abercrombie State Historical Park	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lučenec District (okres Lučenec) is a district in the Banská Bystrica Region of south-central Slovakia.	Lučenec District	Banská Bystrica Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esmail Mahalleh (Persian: اسماعيل محله‎, also Romanized as Esmā``īl Maḩalleh) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 291, in 72 families.	Esmail Mahalleh	Estakhr-e Posht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Olszowiec (ˈnɔvɨ ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowy Olszowiec	Gmina Lubochnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Wayne, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area is a federally designated metropolitan area consisting of three counties in northeastern Indiana (Allen, Wells, and Whitley counties), anchored by the city of Fort Wayne.	Fort Wayne, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khargalu (Persian: خرگلو‎, also Romanized as Khargalū and Khergalū) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khargalu	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedarmont is a property near Franklin, Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.	Cedarmont	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Hamud (Persian: نهرحمود‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Hamūd and Nahr-e Ḩamūd) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Hamud	Abshar Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arba Va Akhmas (Persian: ارباع واخماس‎, also Romanized as Arbā`` Va Akhmās) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 4 families.	Arba Va Akhmas	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Packwood House-American Hotel, also known as the Packwood House Museum, is a historic inn and tavern located at Lewisburg, Union County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Packwood House-American Hotel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hau Tsz Kok Pai (Chinese: 孝子角排) is an island of Hong Kong, under the administration of Tai Po District.	Hau Tsz Kok Pai	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penukonda or Penu Konda, is a village in the Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Penukonda	Anantapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanaq (Persian: چناق‎, also Romanized as Chanāq; also known as Ḩānākh) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chanaq	Abish Ahmad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brigadoon State Nature Preserve is a state nature preserve located in Barren County, Kentucky adjacent to Barren River Lake.	Brigadoon State Nature Preserve	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodbourne Correctional Facility is a medium security men's prison operated by the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision in Woodbourne, New York of Sullivan County.	Woodbourne Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Øye stave church (Øye stavkyrkje) is situated in Øye, a village in the municipality of Vang, Oppland county, Norway.	Øye stave church	Vang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Astor Bridge is a single-leaf bascule bridge located in Astor, Florida that carries State Road 40 over the St. Johns River.	Astor Bridge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sault Ste. Marie Solar Park near Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, in 2011 became Canada's second largest photovoltaic plant with an installed capacity of 68 MWp.	Sault Ste. Marie Solar Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tejdanu (Persian: تجدانو‎, also Romanized as Tejdānū and Tajdanoo; also known as Nezhdānlū and Tizdānu) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tejdanu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silverhawk Generating Station is a 585 MW gas-fired power station located in the Apex Industrial Park in North Las Vegas, Nevada.	Silverhawk Generating Station	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Husum (North Frisian: Hüsem) is the capital of the Kreis (district) Nordfriesland in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Husum	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinuseo Falls is a waterfall on the Murray River, which flows through the northern tip of Monkman Provincial Park in the Northern Rockies of British Columbia, Canada.	Kinuseo Falls	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Badam (Persian: چاه بادام‎, also Romanized as Chāh Bādām) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Badam	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Deh-e Malek (Persian: نوده ملك‎, also Romanized as Now Deh-e Malek) is a village in Qoroq Rural District, Baharan District, Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Now Deh-e Malek	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ridgebury Congregational Church is a historic church on Ridgebury Road and George Washington Highway in the Ridgebury section of Ridgefield, Connecticut.	Ridgebury Congregational Church	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	TCU Diamond was a ballpark located in Fort Worth, TX and was the home of the TCU Horned Frogs baseball program for four decades.	TCU Diamond	Fort Worth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masjid Ar-Ribat al-Islami is a Sunni mosque in San Diego, California, on 7173 Saranac Street on the San Diego-La Mesa, California border.	Masjid Ar-Ribat al-Islami	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khe Aab Mountain (Persian: کوه خآب ‎‎) is a mountain in Kukherd Rural District, Kukherd District, Bastak County, the Hormozgan Province in the south of Iran.	Khe Aab Mountain	Kukherd District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holzhau is a village in East Germany that has been part of the municipality of Rechenberg-Bienenmühle in the Eastern Ore Mountains since 1994.	Holzhau	Rechenberg-Bienenmühle
located in the administrative territorial entity	David Ackerman House is a historic house at 415 E. Saddle River in Ridgewood, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	David Ackerman House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castel Rigone is a frazione of the comune (municipality) of Passignano sul Trasimeno, Umbria, central Italy.	Castel Rigone	Passignano sul Trasimeno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Burdekin is a local government area located in North Queensland, Australia in the Dry Tropics region.	Shire of Burdekin	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kabinakagami River is a river in Cochrane and Algoma Districts in northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Kabinakagami River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Záborná (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzaːbornaː)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Záborná	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Azizabad (Persian: قلعه عزيزاباد‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye ``Azīzābād; also known as ``Azīzābād) is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 321, in 78 families.	Qaleh-ye Azizabad	Azizabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uashat-Maliotenam (or Innu Takuaikan Uashat Mak Mani-Utenam in Innu-aimun) is an Innu reserve in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Uashat-Maliotenam	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harsil is a village and a cantonment area, on the banks of Bhagirathi River, on the way to Hindu pilgrimage, Gangotri, in Uttarkashi district of Indian state of Uttarakhand ).	Harsil	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Phillips House is a historic 1853 vernacular Greek Revival house in the Spring Valley area of Polk County, Oregon, United States.	John Phillips House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gajówka-Kolonia (ɡaˈjufka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gajówka-Kolonia	Gmina Dalików
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wahluke Slope AVA is an American Viticultural Area located within Grant County, Washington.	Wahluke Slope AVA	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhunche is the administrative seat of Rasuwa District in Bagmati Zone, Nepal.	Dhunche	Rasuwa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kreuzkarspitze lies in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol.	Kreuzkarspitze	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	277 Park Avenue is an office building in the Midtown Manhattan neighborhood of New York City.	277 Park Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chew-Powell House is a historic building in the Blenheim section of Gloucester Township, Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Chew-Powell House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenbuck (Scottish Gaelic: Gleann Buic) is a small, remote village in East Ayrshire.	Glenbuck	East Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mermet (ˈmɛrmɛt) (German: Mermitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mermet	Gmina Lubichowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	TriceraTop Spin is an attraction at Walt Disney World's Animal Kingdom in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.	TriceraTop Spin	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Fromme is a mountain on the North Shore of Vancouver, British Columbia, and a key North American mountain biking destination.	Mount Fromme	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberbalm, is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Oberbalm	Bern-Mittelland administrative district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ośno Drugie (ˈɔɕnɔ druɡiɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ośno Drugie	Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Mohammad Qasem Khan (Persian: علي ابادمحمدقاسم خان‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Moḩammad Qāsem Khān) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 876, in 201 families.	Aliabad-e Mohammad Qasem Khan	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crossroads Christian Church is an Evangelical Christian megachurch, located in Corona, California, United States.	Crossroads Christian Church	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyedabad-e Asadollah Khan (Persian: سيداباداسداله خان‎, also Romanized as Seyyedābād-e Āsadollah Khān; also known as Seyyedābād-e Āsadollahkhān) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Seyyedabad-e Asadollah Khan	Binalud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka-Strumiany (dɔmˈbrufka struˈmjanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dąbrówka-Strumiany	Gmina Zgierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lexington, California, is a ghost town in Santa Clara County, now submerged by the Lexington Reservoir.	Lexington, California	Santa Clara County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisa Młyn (ˈlisa ˈmwɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lisa Młyn	Gmina Bobrowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maupiti Airport (IATA: MAU, ICAO: NTTP) is an airport on Maupiti, one of the Leeward Islands in French Polynesia.	Maupiti Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pląchawy (plɔ̃ˈxavɨ) (German: Plonchau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pląchawy	Gmina Dąbrówno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamtu (Persian: چمتو‎, also Romanized as Chamtū) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chamtu	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patuxent River State Park is a Maryland state park located along the upper reaches of the Patuxent River in Howard and Montgomery counties.	Patuxent River State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ibstone (previously Ipstone) is a village and civil parish within Wycombe district in Buckinghamshire, England.	Ibstone	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newbourne is a village and civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal region of Suffolk, England.	Newbourne	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kugaryuak River is located in the Canadian Arctic territory of Nunavut in the southwest Kitikmeot Region.	Kugaryuak River	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowsareh (Persian: كوثره‎, also Romanized as Kowsāreh and Kows̄areh; also known as Kows̄ar and Kowshareh) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kowsareh	Tolbozan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pidimgoyya is a village situated in East Godavari district in Rajahmundry region, in Andhra Pradesh State.	Pidimgoyya	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton St Petrock is an ecclesiastical and civil parish in the Torridge District of Devon in England, occupying approximately 1,500 acres (6.1 km2).	Newton St Petrock	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ozorowice (ɔzɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznia Mała, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ozorowice	Gmina Wisznia Mała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góralice (ɡuraˈlit͡sɛ) (German Görlsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Góralice	Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neudorf-Platendorf is a village in the municipality of Sassenburg in Gifhorn district in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Neudorf-Platendorf	Sassenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akbarabad-e Yek (Persian: اكبر آباد1‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Yek; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Siriz Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Akbarabad-e Yek	Yazdanabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forest Avenue School is a historic one-room schoolhouse in Brockton, Massachusetts.	Forest Avenue School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çine is a town and a district of Aydın Province, in the Aegean region of Turkey, 38 km (24 mi) from the city of Aydın, on the road to Muğla.	Çine	Aydın Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgenland (German pronunciation: (ˈbʊʁɡn̩lant); Croatian: Gradišće; Slovene: Gradiščanska; Czech: Hradsko; Hungarian: Őrvidék) is the easternmost and least populous state (or Land) of Austria.	Burgenland	Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wayra Punku or Wayrapunku (Quechua wayra wind, punku door, ``wind door'', hispanicized spelling Huayrapongo), also known as Ventanillas de la Playa El Tambo (Spanish), is an archaeological site in Peru.	Wayra Punku	Peru
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoller-Frasier Round Barn is a historic round barn located at Newville in Herkimer County, New York.	Zoller-Frasier Round Barn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asadabad-e Pain (Persian: اسدابادپايين‎, also Romanized as Asadābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Asadābād-e Soflá, Asadābād-e Soflā, and Asadābād-i-Khān) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District, Bahman District, Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Asadabad-e Pain	Mehrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Miasto-Folwark (ˈnɔvɛ ˈmjastɔ ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Miasto-Folwark	Gmina Nowe Miasto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Semsan (Persian: سمسان‎, also Romanized as Semsān and Samsān) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District, Pir Bakran District, Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Semsan	Garkan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Norwood Payneham & St Peters is a metropolitan local government area of South Australia.	City of Norwood Payneham & St Peters	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stikine Gold Rush was a minor but important gold rush in the Stikine Country of northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Stikine Gold Rush	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metacomet Country Club is a private golf club in East Providence, Rhode Island in the United States.	Metacomet Country Club	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Botolph Claydon is a hamlet in the civil parish of East Claydon, in Buckinghamshire, England.	Botolph Claydon	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Carnarvon is a local government area in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia, located about 900 kilometres (559 mi) north of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Carnarvon	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vayyattupuzha is a village situated near to Chittar in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala.	Vayyattupuzha	Pathanamthitta district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yingli Township (Chinese: 营里乡) is a township-level division of Pingshan County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Yingli Township	Pingshan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quassy Amusement Park, is an amusement and waterpark in Middlebury, Connecticut, USA.	Quassy Amusement Park	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Settlers' Ghost Golf Club is a public golf course located near Craighurst, Ontario, Canada.	Settlers' Ghost Golf Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyrzowice (pɨʐɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarowice, within Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pyrzowice	Gmina Ożarowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manly Art Gallery and Museum (MAGAM), located in Manly, New South Wales, Australia, was the first metropolitan-based regional gallery in New South Wales and holds an extensive collection of Australian ceramics and 130 works by Antonio Dattilo Rubbo.	Manly Art Gallery and Museum	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuk Dan (Persian: توكدان‎, also Romanized as Tūk Dān) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tuk Dan	Qasr-e Qand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lazeh (Persian: لذه‎, also Romanized as Lazeh and Lez̧z̧eh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lazeh	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Certers (Catalan pronunciation: (sərˈtes), locally: (seɾˈtes)) is a village in Andorra, located in the parish of Sant Julià de Lòria.	Certers	Sant Julià de Lòria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Comeglians (Friulian: Comelians; Sappada Bavarian German: Komerion) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Udine.	Comeglians	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thousand Lakes Wilderness is located within the southern portion of the Cascade Range in northeastern California.	Thousand Lakes Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Kabb Elias is an archaeological site 3 km southwest of Chtaura in the Beqaa Mohafazat (Governorate).	Tell Kabb Elias	Chtaura
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Halls Creek is one of the four local government areas in the Kimberley Region of northern Western Australia, covering an area of 143,030 square kilometres (55,224 sq mi), most of which is sparsely populated.	Shire of Halls Creek	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stalheim is a village in the municipality Voss in Hordaland county, Norway.	Stalheim	Voss
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warnow-Ost was an Amt in the former district of Bad Doberan, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Warnow-Ost	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fulad Luqui (Persian: فولادلوقوئي‎, also Romanized as Fūlād Lūqū’ī) is a village in Gowg Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Fulad Luqui	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vagalugiaran (Persian: واگلوگياران‎, also Romanized as Vāgalūgīārān) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Vagalugiaran	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWRM AM1370 is a multi-ethnic, time-brokered radio station licensed to Corona, California, USA.	KWRM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podmočani (Macedonian: Подмочани) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia, north of Lake Prespa.	Podmočani	Resen Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kocięcin-Tworki (kɔˈt͡ɕent͡ɕin ˈtfɔrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kocięcin-Tworki	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salem State University is a four-year public University located in Salem, Massachusetts.	Salem State University	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Nicholas Naval Cathedral (Никольский морской собор, Nikolskiy morskoy sobor) is a major Baroque Orthodox cathedral in the western part of Central Saint Petersburg.	St. Nicholas Naval Cathedral	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kręćkowo (krɛnt͡ɕˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kręćkowo	Gmina Sierpc
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Sandy Community and Technical College (BSCTC), with its headquarters in Prestonsburg, Kentucky, is one of 16 two-year, open-admissions colleges of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System (KCTCS).	Big Sandy Community and Technical College	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magasu (Persian: مگسو‎, also Romanized as Magasū) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Magasu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurtlujeh-e Sofla (Persian: قورتلوجه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qūrtlūjeh-e Soflā) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qurtlujeh-e Sofla	Garamduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Academy Independent School District is a school district based in Little River-Academy, Texas (USA).	Academy Independent School District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bjärsjölagård Castle (Swedish: Bjärsjölagård slott) is a castle in Sjöbo Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Bjärsjölagård Castle	Sjöbo Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grange Club is a cricket and sports club in the Stockbridge district of Edinburgh, Scotland.	The Grange Club	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grant Circle is a traffic circle located in the Petworth neighborhood of Northwest Washington, D.C. New Hampshire and Illinois Avenues NW, Varnum Street NW, and 5th Street NW all intersect at this circle.	Grant Circle	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolf Haven International, originally known as Wolf Haven America and Wolf Haven Country, is a wolf sanctuary and management 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Tenino, Washington, that focuses on wolves.	Wolf Haven International	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centinela Avenue is a major street in the Westside region of Los Angeles County, California.	Centinela Avenue	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTUF (93.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to the city of Kirksville, Missouri, USA, and serves the northeast Missouri and southeast Iowa area.	KTUF	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shady Hill Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Museum, Beacon and Holden, and Kirkland Streets, and Francis Avenue in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Shady Hill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Washington Hillclimb Auto Race, also known as the Climb to the Clouds, is a timed hillclimb auto race up the Mount Washington Auto Road to the summit of Mount Washington in New Hampshire.	Mount Washington Hillclimb Auto Race	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardpareh-ye Hasan (Persian: بردپاره حسن‎, also Romanized as Bardpāreh-ye Ḩasan; also known as Bardpāreh) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bardpareh-ye Hasan	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moravian College a private liberal arts college, and the associated Moravian Theological Seminary are located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, United States, in the Lehigh Valley region.	Moravian College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemushposht (Persian: لموش پشت‎, also Romanized as Lemūshposht) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lemushposht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truskolasy-Wola (truskɔˈlasɨ ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Truskolasy-Wola	Gmina Sokoły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grąsy (ˈɡrɔ̃sɨ) (German: Gramsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Grąsy	Gmina Dobiegniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoppes at Gateway, formerly Gateway Mall, is a shopping mall located in Springfield, Oregon, United States owned and managed by Rouse Properties, one of the largest mall owners in the United States.	The Shoppes at Gateway	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brescia University College is a Catholic liberal arts college for women located in London, Ontario, Canada.	Brescia University College	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stone in Oxney is a village south of Ashford in Kent, South East England, in the civil parish of Stone-cum-Ebony near Appledore.	Stone in Oxney	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Nageh (Persian: ابوناگه‎, also Romanized as Abū Nāgeh, Aboo Nageh, and Abū Nāgah) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District, in the Soveyseh District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Nageh	Soveyseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chambersburg Mall is a regional shopping mall located near Chambersburg, Pennsylvania in the unincorporated community of Scotland.	Chambersburg Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Kojonup is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, about 250 kilometres (155 mi) southeast of the state capital, Perth, along Albany Highway.	Shire of Kojonup	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ago di Sciora is a mountain in the Bregaglia Range of the Alps, located south of Vicosoprano in the canton of Graubünden.	Ago di Sciora	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEJY (790 AM) is a radio station located in Eureka, California.	KEJY	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westcliffe Estates (Bells Corners West), is a neighbourhood of Bells Corners in College Ward, in the west end of Ottawa, Canada.	Westcliffe Estates	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lüneburg Heath Wildlife Park (German: Wildpark Lüneburger Heide) is a wildlife park near Nindorf in the municipality of Hanstedt in the north German state of Lower Saxony.	Lüneburg Heath Wildlife Park	Hanstedt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zagajów-Kolonia (zaˈɡajuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zagajów-Kolonia	Gmina Solec-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flieden station is a station in the town of Flieden in the German state of Hesse, where the Flieden--	Flieden station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaibab Plateau is located in northern Arizona in the United States.	Kaibab Plateau	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szewce-Zgoda (ˈʂɛft͡sɛ ˈzɡɔda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buk, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Szewce-Zgoda	Gmina Buk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maranatha High School is a college preparatory Christian private school in Pasadena, California.	Maranatha High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mocho Subbasin is the largest of the groundwater subbasins in the Livermore Valley watershed in Northern California.	Mocho Subbasin	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wépion is a village within the city boundaries of Namur, Belgium.	Wépion	Namur
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brunnistock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking the Surenen Pass, in the Swiss canton of Uri.	Brunnistock	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torre dell'Elefante (Italian: ``Tower of the Elephant'') is a medieval tower in Cagliari, southern Sardinia, Italy.	Torre dell'Elefante	Cagliari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Howell, named in honor of Brigadier General Joshua B. Howell, is located on Hilton Head Island, South Carolina.	Fort Howell	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torso Fragment, a public sculpture by American artist Casey Eskridge, is located on the Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI) campus, near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.	Torso Fragment	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake El Toyonal is a small lake in Contra Costa County, California in an unincorporated area of parklands between Orinda and Berkeley.	Lake El Toyonal	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stone Mountain Provincial Park is an area of 256.91 square kilometres of mountain wilderness in the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Stone Mountain Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bharat Nagar is one of the newer suburbs on the northwestern fringe of the city of Hyderabad, India.	Bharat Nagar	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Capel is a local government area in the South West region of Western Australia, taking in the land between the cities of Bunbury and Busselton about 200 kilometres (124 mi) south of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Capel	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elżbieciny (ɛlʐbjɛˈt͡ɕinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Elżbieciny	Gmina Rakoniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nova Cherna (Bulgarian: Нова Черна, historically Romanian: Turcsmil, Turkish: Türk Smil) is a village on the Danube, in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Tutrakan Municipality, Silistra Province.	Nova Cherna	Tutrakan Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estate of Boa Hora (Portuguese: Quinta da Boa Hora) is an agricultural property and manor house in the civil parish of Terra Chã, municipality of Angra do Heroísmo, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Estate of Boa Hora	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Espiar-e Molk (Persian: اسپيارملك‎, also Romanized as Espīār-e Molk) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Espiar-e Molk	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domovina (in Czech: Homeland) is a modernist building in Prague 7-Holešovice.	Domovina	Prague 7
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Ritchie at Cascade, Maryland was a military installation southwest of Blue Ridge Summit, Pennsylvania and southeast of Waynesboro, Pennsylvania in the area of South Mountain.	Fort Ritchie	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Płudy (ˈstarɛ ˈpwudɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Płudy	Gmina Somianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDGL (106.9 FM, ``The Eagle'') is a classic Hits /classic rock station serving the Coachella Valley and Morongo Basin markets of inland Southern California.	KDGL	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chełchy-Jakusy (ˈxɛu̯xɨ jaˈkusɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chełchy-Jakusy	Gmina Karniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Harzburg is a town in central Germany, in the Goslar district of Lower Saxony.	Bad Harzburg	Goslar
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Edmund's Chapel is a church in Dover, England, dedicated to St Edmund.	St Edmund's Chapel	Dover
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmak, Zahedan (Persian: حرمک‎) is a village in Hormak Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Harmak, Zahedan	Hormak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radzików-Stopki (raˈd͡ʑikuf ˈstɔpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Radzików-Stopki	Gmina Mordy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Seyah Push (Persian: سراب سياه پوش‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Seyāh Pūsh; also known as Sīāh Pūsh and Sīāhpūsh) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Seyah Push	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashti Bolagh (Persian: داشتي بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Dāshtī Bolāgh; also known as Dāshlī Bolāgh and Dāshtī Bolāghī) is a village in Satar Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dashti Bolagh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamaa el Fna (Arabic: ساحة جامع الفناء saaHat jamaaʻ al-fanâʼ, also Jemaa el-Fnaa, Djema el-Fna or Djemaa el-Fnaa) is a square and market place in Marrakesh's medina quarter (old city).	Jemaa el-Fnaa	Marrakesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moor Grange Estate is a housing estate in the West Park area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, which was built in the 1950s on reclaimed farmland.	Moor Grange	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montfort Hall is a home and registered historic landmark located in the Boylan Heights neighborhood of Raleigh, North Carolina.	Montfort Hall	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wotherton is a hamlet in west Shropshire, close to the Welsh border.	Wotherton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montessori High School at University Circle (also known as MHS) is a private high school located in the University Circle neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio.	Montessori High School at University Circle	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halol is a city and a municipality (tehsil) in Panchmahal district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Halol	Panchmahal district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunhua is a county-level city of the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in southeastern Jilin province, People's Republic of China.	Dunhua	Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaczyn-Herbasy (ˈkat͡ʂɨn xɛrˈbasɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kaczyn-Herbasy	Gmina Czyżew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Grove Cemetery, Bridgeport, Connecticut, was laid out in 1849 in a park-like, rural setting away from the center of the city.	Mountain Grove Cemetery, Bridgeport	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Traffic Zone Center for Visual Art (TZCVA) is an artist cooperative located in the historic Warehouse District of downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.	Traffic Zone Center for Visual Art	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banayem (Persian: بنايم‎, also Romanized as Banāyem and Banā'em) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Banayem	Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delta Flight Museum is an aviation and corporate museum located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, near the airline's main hub at the Hartsfield--	Delta Flight Museum	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiananmen Square is a large city square in the centre of Beijing, China, named after the Tiananmen gate (Gate of Heavenly Peace) located to its North, separating it from the Forbidden City.	Tiananmen Square	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kothaguda కొత్తగూడ is a big agency Mandal in Mulugu Constituency of Warangal district of Telangana in India.	Kothaguda	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saków (ˈsakuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Saków	Gmina Wartkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkerville Airport, (TC LID: CAS3), is located 1.2 nautical miles (2.2 km; 1.4 mi) north of Barkerville, British Columbia, Canada.	Barkerville Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelachay District (Persian: بخش کلاچای‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kelachay District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafshgiri (Persian: كفش گيري‎, also Romanized as Kafshgīrī; also known as Sar Kalāteh-ye Kafshgīrī) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kafshgiri	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berah Mum (Persian: بره موم‎, also Romanized as Berah Mūm and Barah Mūm; also known as Berah Mūn and Wīramain) is a village in Alvir Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Berah Mum	Alvir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellevue Airfield was a private airfield in Bellevue, Washington that closed in 1983.	Bellevue Airfield	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heimstock (el. 3,102 metres) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Graubünden.	Heimstock	Uri	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Concord Hicksite Friends Meeting House is a historic Friends meeting house located near the community of Colerain, Ohio, United States.	Concord Hicksite Friends Meeting House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village Roots Garden is a community garden located at 1115 E. Otjen Street in the Bay View neighborhood of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Village Roots Garden	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Bohemian Fraternal Union Hall is a historic building located in Meadowlands, Minnesota, United States, that was built in 1925.	Western Bohemian Fraternal Union Hall	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Rosa Wilderness is a 72,259-acre (292.42 km2) wilderness area in Southern California, in the Santa Rosa Mountains of Riverside and San Diego counties, California.	Santa Rosa Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merzifon (Old Persian: Merzban; Ancient Greek: Μυρσυφων Mersyphòn) is a town and district in Amasya Province in the central Black Sea region of Turkey.	Merzifon	Amasya Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokhtarabad-e Bon Rud (Persian: مختارابادبنرود‎, also Romanized as Mokhtārābād-e Bon Rūd; also known as Mokhtārābād) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mokhtarabad-e Bon Rud	Arzhan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Karim Kushki (Persian: محمدكريم كوشكي‎‎, also Romanized as Moḥammad Karīm Kūshḵī; also known as Mohammadkarim) is a village in Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District, Tarhan District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Karim Kushki	Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kootenay Loop is a major public transit exchange in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Kootenay Loop	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mycielowo (mɨt͡ɕeˈlɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mycielowo	Gmina Kcynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatfield Swamp is a fresh water wetland area in the US state of New Jersey, forming what might be considered the ``second bank'' of the Passaic River between Morris and Essex counties.	Hatfield Swamp	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Margown District (Persian: بخش مارگون‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Margown District	Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dankwarderode Castle (German: Burg Dankwarderode) on the Burgplatz (``castle square'') in Braunschweig (Brunswick) is a Saxon lowland castle.	Dankwarderode Castle	Braunschweig
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Spring Plantation in James City County about five miles (8 km) west of Williamsburg, was the 17th century plantation of one of the more popular governors of Colonial Virginia in North America, Sir William Berkeley, and his wife, Frances Culpeper Berkeley.	Green Spring Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture (simplified Chinese: 楚雄彝族自治州; traditional Chinese: 楚雄彜族自治州; pinyin: Chǔxióng Yízú Zìzhìzhōu) is an autonomous prefecture located in central Yunnan Province, China.	Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture	Yunnan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trenton/Mountain View Airport, (TC LID: CPZ3), is located 5.2 nautical miles (9.6 km; 6.0 mi) southeast of Mountain View, Ontario, Canada.	Trenton/Mountain View Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Chmielówko (ˈnɔvɛ xmjɛˈlufkɔ) (German Vorwerk Auer) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowe Chmielówko	Gmina Zalewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madupalli is a village in the Madhira mandal of Khammam district in Telangana.	Madupalli	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm Neck Golf Club is a semi-private golf club located in Oak Bluffs, Massachusetts on the island of Martha's Vineyard.	Farm Neck Golf Club	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rutki-Marszewice (ˈrutki marʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rutki-Marszewice	Gmina Ciechanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chub Kanam (Persian: چوبكنم‎, also Romanized as Chūb Kanam) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chub Kanam	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telatycze (tɛlaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Telatycze	Gmina Nurzec-Stacja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greater Vernon is a conglomeration of municipalities centred on Vernon, British Columbia, which is a city in the Okanagan region of Canada.	Greater Vernon	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kampung Keriam is a small village located in the Tutong District of Brunei Darussalam.	Kampung Keriam	Tutong District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogdaj (ˈbɔɡdai̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bogdaj	Gmina Sośnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grace and Thomaston Buildings are two historic commercial buildings located at Great Neck Plaza in Nassau County, New York.	Grace and Thomaston Buildings	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Hoseyni (Persian: ميرحسيني‎, also Romanized as Mīr Ḩoseynī; also known as Mīr Ḩasanī) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mir Hoseyni	Ahmadi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farumgård is a former manor house overlooking Farum Lake at Farum, Furesø Municipality, in the north-western outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Farumgård	Furesø Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Antônio do Amparo is a city in the southern part of the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Santo Antônio do Amparo	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tinúm Municipality (Yucatec Maya: ``crippled numtzutzuy'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (393.44 km2) of land and is located roughly 140 kilometres (87 mi) east of the city of Mérida.	Tinúm Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havistin (Persian: هاويستين‎, also Romanized as Hāvīstīn; also known as Havestīn and Havīstūn) is a village in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Havistin	Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otero Mesa is a 1.2 million acre (4,900 km²) area in northern Chihuahuan Desert region of southern New Mexico.	Otero Mesa	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valley Hospital is a 451-bed, acute-care, not-for-profit hospital in Bergen County, New Jersey.	The Valley Hospital	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darman Chay (Persian: درمان چاي‎, also Romanized as Darmān Chāy) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Darman Chay	Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bill Gunn Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam with an un-gated spillway located off-stream in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Bill Gunn Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Botten Cabin, also known as the Wilder Patrol Cabin, was built in 1929 in the Elwha River valley for Henry H. Botten.The hunting cabin is located in the back country of what in 1938 became Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington.	Botten Cabin	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trębki Stare (ˈtrɛmpki ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trębki Stare	Gmina Zakroczym
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heights Christian Church is a historic church at 1703 Heights Boulevard in the Houston Heights section of Houston, Texas.	Heights Christian Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markville Secondary School (commonly known as MSS or Markville) is a public high school located in the community of Unionville within the city of Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Markville Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshot (Persian: پشت‎; also known as Ḩasan Kenār, Poshad, Poshd, Pūshāt, Pūshāt, Pūshowd, and Pūsht) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Poshot	Dashtiari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve protects significant examples of the rich natural and cultural resources of Louisiana's Mississippi River Delta region.	Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Standard, High Line, formerly The Standard, is an 18-story luxury boutique hotel located at 848 Washington Street between West 13th and Little West 12th Streets in the Meatpacking District of Manhattan, New York City.	The Standard, High Line	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butler Community College (BCC) is a 2-year community college located in El Dorado, Kansas, United States.	Butler Community College	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHBT (97.7 FM) is an American commercial radio station that serves the Humboldt, Iowa area.	KHBT	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Giant City Stone Fort Site is the site of a prehistoric stone enclosure located within Giant City State Park in Jackson County, Illinois, United States.	Giant City Stone Fort Site	Jackson County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahrizeh-ye Ayyubi (Persian: كهريزه ايوبي‎, also Romanized as Kahrīzeh-ye Ayyūbī) is a village in Torjan Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kahrizeh-ye Ayyubi	Torjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mickletown is a district within the village of Methley, south of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Mickletown	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Peninsula State Park is a Florida State Park, located north of Ormond-By-The-Sea and east of the Bulow Plantation Ruins Historic State Park, off A1A.	North Peninsula State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chang Khlan (Thai: ช้างคลาน) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Mai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Chang Khlan	Mueang Chiang Mai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Key Cave National Wildlife Refuge is a 1,060 acre (4.3 km2) National Wildlife Refuge located in northwestern Alabama, along the Tennessee River downstream from Florence, Alabama.	Key Cave National Wildlife Refuge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Charleston Intermodal Transportation Center is a new passenger train station, a long haul inter-city bus, and regional bus station, soon to be built in the City of North Charleston, South Carolina.	North Charleston Intermodal Transportation Center	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottweiler is a municipality, former seat of the district of Neunkirchen, in Saarland, Germany.	Ottweiler	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charlevoix region, located in Quebec, includes parts of the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River and the Laurentian Mountains region of the Canadian Shield.	Charlevoix	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Samuel J. Friedman Theatre (formerly the Biltmore Theatre) is a Broadway theatre located at 261 West 47th Street in Midtown Manhattan.	Samuel J. Friedman Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maritime Museum of the Atlantic is a Canadian maritime museum located in downtown Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Maritime Museum of the Atlantic	Halifax
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Nush (Persian: چشمه نوش‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Nūsh and Chashmeh Nūsh) is a village in Gowdin Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Nush	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cordero Rojo Mine is a coal mining complex located in the state of Wyoming in the United States, in the coal-rich Powder River Basin.	Cordero Rojo Mine	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valldoreix is a community that is part of the Sant Cugat del Vallès municipality, located in the Barcelona province.	Valldoreix	Sant Cugat del Vallès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poruzak (Persian: پروزك‎, also Romanized as Porūzak) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Poruzak	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively part of Sozopol Municipality, Burgas Province, Chernomorets is a popular seaside resort.	Chernomorets	Sozopol Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneh Goli (Persian: خانه گلي‎, also Romanized as Khāneh Golī) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Khaneh Goli	Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padena-ye Vosta Rural District (Persian: دهستان پادناوسطي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Padena-ye Vosta Rural District	Padena District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilcot is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, in the Vale of Pewsey about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) northwest of Pewsey.	Wilcot	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esslingen (Neckar) station is the most important station in the town of Esslingen am Neckar in the German state of Baden-Württemberg and is located 13.2 kilometres (8.2 mi) from Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof on the Fils Valley Railway.	Esslingen (Neckar) station	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barakot is a ward (ward number 10) in Dasharathchanda municipality, in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal.	Barakot	Baitadi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRVY-FM (97.3 FM, ``97.3 The River'') is an adult contemporary music formatted radio station serving Alexandria, Minnesota and airs Dial Global's AC Pure format at all times besides the morning show.	KRVY-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Église Saint-Polycarpe (Church of St. Polycarp) is a church located in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon, on the slopes of La Croix-Rousse, between rue René Leynaud, rue Burdeau and passages Mermet and Thiaffait.	Église Saint-Polycarpe	1st arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atlanta International School is a private elementary, middle and high school in Atlanta, Georgia.	Atlanta International School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benicolet (Valencian pronunciation: (benikoˈlet)) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Benicolet	Vall d'Albaida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old St. Wenceslaus Catholic Parish House is a house located in Tabor, South Dakota.	Old St. Wenceslaus Catholic Parish House	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert Fetzer Field is a sports field located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and home field to the lacrosse and soccer teams of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Fetzer Field	Chapel Hill
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonguiyeh (Persian: بنگوييه‎, also Romanized as Bongūīyeh) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bonguiyeh	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Australian Memorial Park is a World War I memorial, located near Fromelles, France commemorating Australians killed during the Battle of Fromelles.	Australian Memorial Park	Fromelles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hangman's Elm, or simply ``The Hanging Tree'', is an English Elm located at the Northwest corner in Washington Square Park, in the New York City borough of Manhattan.	Hangman's Elm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tudeshk (Persian: تودشك‎, also Romanized as Tūdeshk, Toodeshk, and Tudashk; also known as Tūdasht, and Tūdeshg) is a city in Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Tudeshk	Kuhpayeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conference House (also known as ``Billop House'') was built before 1680 and is located near the southernmost tip of New York State on Staten Island, which became known as ``Billop's Point'' in the 18th century.	Conference House	Staten Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Level Mountain is an immense volcanic massif in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Level Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rekówka (rɛˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rekówka	Gmina Ciepielów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martin's Church (Finnish: Martinkirkko, Swedish: Martinskyrkan) in Turku, Finland is the main church of Martin's parish, founded in 1921.	Martin's Church	Turku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santi Bartolomeo e Gaetano is a Renaissance style, Roman Catholic church in central Bologna; it is located near the Due Torri adjacent to the Strada Maggiore.	Santi Bartolomeo e Gaetano	Bologna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tranby College is a K-12, coeducational independent school located in Baldivis, Western Australia.	Tranby College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomges (Persian: تم گس‎, also Romanized as Tomegs; also known as Tonges and Tongsar) is a village in Dulab Rural District, Shahab District, Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tomges	Dulab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chechłowo (xɛˈxwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chechłowo	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh Shahan (Persian: پشته شاهان‎, also Romanized as Poshteh Shāhān; also known as Poshteh Shāhī) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Poshteh Shahan	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrów Wielkopolski County (Polish: powiat ostrowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Ostrów Wielkopolski County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linwei District (simplified Chinese: 临渭区; traditional Chinese: 臨渭區; pinyin: Línwèi Qū), is a district of Weinan, Shaanxi, China.	Linwei District	Weinan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Copper Harbor Light is a lighthouse located in the harbor of Copper Harbor, Michigan USA on the Keweenaw Peninsula of Upper Michigan inside Fort Wilkins Historic State Park.	Copper Harbor Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viewmont Mall is a shopping mall located on the northern boundary of Scranton, Pennsylvania with Dickson City off Interstate 81.	Viewmont Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żółkiewka (ʐuu̯ˈkʲɛfka) (formerly German Pilgramshain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Żółkiewka	Gmina Strzegom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunham Castle is an early medieval castle in Dunham Massey, England (grid reference SJ73428742).	Dunham Castle	Dunham Massey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michorzewo (mixɔˈʐɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Michorzewo	Gmina Kuślin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillcrest Hospital is a comprehensive-care hospital on Mayfield Road in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, United States.	Hillcrest Hospital	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chestnut Ridge and Schellsburg Union Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery in Bedford County, Pennsylvania.	Chestnut Ridge and Schellsburg Union Church and Cemetery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheleh Bar (Persian: چله بر‎; also known as Chelehvar) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Cheleh Bar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Dar (Persian: پادر‎, also Romanized as Pā Dar and Pādar) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pa Dar	Beyhaq Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tom Tomu (Persian: تم تمو‎, also Romanized as Tom Tomū and Tam Tamū) is a village in Anaran Rural District, in the Central District of Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Tom Tomu	Anaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denver Firefighters Museum is a museum in downtown Denver, Colorado, United States.	Denver Firefighters Museum	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrowrock Dam is a concrete arch dam on the Boise River, in the U.S. state of Idaho.	Arrowrock Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rait Castle is a ruined hall-house castle dating from the thirteenth century, situated just south of Nairn near Inverness, Scotland.	Rait Castle	Nairn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flushing Cemetery is a cemetery in Flushing in the borough of Queens in New York City, New York.	Flushing Cemetery	Queens
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Russian Village Historic District in Southbury, Connecticut, also known as Churaevka, is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.	Russian Village Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Sahakon (Thai: บ้านสหกรณ์) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae On District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Ban Sahakon	Mae On
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loir-et-Cher (French pronunciation: ​(lwa.ʁ‿e.ʃɛʁ)) is a department in the Centre-Val de Loire region, France.	Loir-et-Cher	Centre-Val de Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scott Place Mounds is an archaeological site in Union Parish, Louisiana from the Late Coles Creek-Early Plaquemine period, dating to approximately 1200 CE. The site is one of the few such sites in north-central Louisiana.	Scott Place Mounds	Union Parish	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peekskill Downtown Historic District is a historic district located in the downtown section of Peekskill in the U.S. state of New York.	Peekskill Downtown Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gherla (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈɡerla); Hungarian: Szamosújvár; German: Neuschloss) is a city in Cluj County, Romania (in the historical region of Transylvania).	Gherla	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portage Lake Lift Bridge (officially the Houghton--Hancock Bridge) connects the cities of Hancock and Houghton, in the US state of Michigan, across Portage Lake, a portion of the waterway which cuts across the Keweenaw Peninsula with a canal linking the final several miles to Lake Superior to the northwest.	Portage Lake Lift Bridge	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rikhan-e Seh (Persian: ريخان سه‎‎, also Romanized as Rīkhān-e Seh, meaning ``Rikhan 3'') is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rikhan-e Seh	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Executive Tower One, in Metairie, Louisiana, is a 14-story, 204-foot (62 m)-tall skyscraper.	Executive Tower One	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Kuk (Persian: برکوک‎, also Romanized as Bar Kūk) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bar Kuk	Sedeh Rural District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Paul's Episcopal Church Complex is a historic church on Rider Avenue at the intersection of Terry Street in Patchogue, New York.	St. Paul's Episcopal Church Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 6 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 6گزاباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 6 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 6 Gazabad	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridge in Jenner Township is a historic stone arch bridge in Jenner Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania.	Bridge in Jenner Township	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefteh-ye Hoseyn Khan (Persian: سفته حسين خان‎, also Romanized as Sefteh-ye Ḩoseyn Khān and Sefteh-e Ḩosein Khān; also known as Sefteh) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sefteh-ye Hoseyn Khan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavrus (French pronunciation: ​(ɡaˈvʁy)) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Gavrus	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walawa (vaˈlava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orły, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Walawa	Gmina Orły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Post Falls High School is a public secondary school in Post Falls, Idaho, the only traditional high school in the Post Falls School District.	Post Falls High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cary Parkway (SR 3977) is a major semi-circular route through Cary, North Carolina.	Cary Parkway	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fabyan Windmill is an authentic, working Dutch windmill dating from the 1850s located in Geneva, Kane County, Illinois, just north of Batavia, Illinois, off Illinois Route 25.	Fabyan Windmill	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kansas City Police Station Number 4 in Kansas City, Missouri, is a building from 1916.	Kansas City Police Station Number 4	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alder Hey Children's Hospital is a major national children's hospital and NHS foundation trust located in the suburb of West Derby; in the city of Liverpool, England.	Alder Hey Children's Hospital	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spakenburg is a Dutch village north of Bunschoten.	Spakenburg	Bunschoten
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Mowry House is an historic farm house on Farnum Pike (622 Greenville Road) in North Smithfield, Rhode Island.	William Mowry House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmabrud (Persian: گرمابرود‎, also Romanized as Garmābrūd; also known as Garmārūd) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Garmabrud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Asper School of Business is located on the University of Manitoba, Fort Garry Campus in South Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Asper School of Business	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flieger-Flab-Museum (English: Swiss Air Force Museum) is located in the Canton of Zurich in Dübendorf on the grounds of Dübendorf Air Base.	Flieger-Flab-Museum	Dübendorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrah is a city and a municipal corporation in Bhojpur district in the state of Bihar, India.	Arrah	Bhojpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Orotava is a town and a municipality in the northern part of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands of Spain.	La Orotava	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popponesset Bay System is a group of bays located at the towns of Mashpee (north & west) and Barnstable (east), on Cape Cod, Massachusetts with a southern shore bounded by water from Nantucket Sound.	Popponesset Bay	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanat-e Sur (Persian: قنات سور‎, also Romanized as Qanāt-e Sūr; also known as Qanā and Qanāt) is a village in Khafri Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qanat-e Sur	Khafri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xorazm Region (Uzbek: Xorazm viloyati, Хоразм вилояти) or Khorezm Region as it is still more commonly known, is a viloyat (region) of Uzbekistan located in the northwest of the country in the lower reaches of the Amu-Darya River.	Xorazm Region	Uzbekistan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake in the Hills Airport (FAA LID: 3CK) is a public airport located at 8407 Pyott Road in Lake in the Hills, a village in McHenry County, Illinois, United States.	Lake in the Hills Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qelij Khani (Persian: قليج خاني‎, also Romanized as Qelīj Khānī and Qalīj Khānī; also known as Kaleh Kalitch Khāni and Qelīch Khānī) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qelij Khani	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château d'Ussé is located in the commune of Rigny-Ussé in the Indre-et-Loire département, in France.	Château d'Ussé	Rigny-Ussé
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingsmuir is a small village in Angus, one mile south-east of Forfar on the B9128 Carnoustie to Forfar road.	Kingsmuir	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czekołdy (t͡ʂɛˈkɔu̯dɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in northeastern Poland.	Czekołdy	Gmina Mońki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lhünzhub County, also called Lhundrub or Linzhou County, is a county in Lhasa prefecture-level city towards the north-east of the main center of Lhasa, Tibet, China.	Lhünzhub County	Lhasa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodinville High School is a public secondary school located in Woodinville, Washington, a suburb northeast of Seattle.	Woodinville High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake D’Arbonne is a reservoir located near and around the town of Farmerville in Union Parish in north Louisiana.	Lake D’Arbonne	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loantaka Brook Reservation is a nature reserve and public park in the American state of New Jersey in Morris County.	Loantaka Brook Reservation	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zubowo (zuˈbɔvɔ) (Ukrainian: Зубово, Zubovo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zubowo	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staraya Russa (Russian: Старая Русса; IPA: (ˈstarəjə ˈrusə)) is a town in Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the Polist River, 99 kilometers (62 mi) south of Veliky Novgorod, the administrative center of the oblast.	Staraya Russa	Novgorod Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedshiel is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland on the B6456, six miles from Duns, two miles from Greenlaw, Longformacus and Westruther.	Bedshiel	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Lyndhurst Important Bird Area comprises a 93 km2 part of Mount Lyndhurst Station, a pastoral lease lying on the north-west margin of the Flinders Ranges, about 30 km east of the town of Lyndhurst, South Australia.	Mount Lyndhurst Important Bird Area	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakersfield Municipal Airport (FAA LID: L45) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Bakersfield, a city in Kern County, California, United States.	Bakersfield Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 11 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 11گزاباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 11 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 11 Gazabad	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eimsbüttel is one of the seven boroughs (Bezirke) of Hamburg, Germany.	Eimsbüttel	Hamburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beausoleil First Nation is mainly a Chippewa First Nations band government located in Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada.	Beausoleil First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karchów (ˈkarxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowiczki, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Karchów	Gmina Pawłowiczki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milliken GO Station is a GO Transit train station located in the Scarborough area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, near the city's northern border.	Milliken GO Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar Abadi (Persian: كنارابادي‎, also Romanized as Konār Ābādī; also known as Kunārābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Konar Abadi	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changzhou (Chinese: 常州) is a prefecture-level city in southern Jiangsu province of China.	Changzhou	Jiangsu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte Ne is an area in the Ozark hills of the White River valley east of Rogers on the edge of Beaver Lake in the U.S. state of Arkansas.	Monte Ne	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desert Queen Mine was one of the more successful and long-lived mines of the high desert (Colorado Desert) in San Bernardino County, California.	Desert Queen Mine	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muskoka Wharf is located in the town of Gravenhurst, Ontario on the southern edge of Muskoka Bay on Lake Muskoka.	Muskoka Wharf	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Snake River Ranch, near Wilson, Wyoming, is the largest deeded ranch in the Jackson Hole area.	Snake River Ranch	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atash Khosrow (Persian: اتش خسرو‎, also Romanized as Ātash Khosrow; also known as Alash Khosrow, Alastraf, Ātash Khorow, and Atashtrev) is a village in Arzil Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Atash Khosrow	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingston Blount is a village about 4 miles (6.4 km) southeast of Thame in South Oxfordshire, England.	Kingston Blount	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Hill Methodist Episcopal Church, also known as Durham-Oak Hill Methodist Church, is a historic Methodist Episcopal church in Oak Hill, Greene County, New York.	Oak Hill Methodist Episcopal Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour de Fautea (Corsican: Torra di Fautea) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Zonza (Corse-du-Sud) on the east coast of the French island of Corsica.	Tour de Fautea	Zonza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgois is a hamlet in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom situated approximately one mile south of Padstow.	Burgois	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holyrood Abbey is a ruined abbey of the Canons Regular in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Holyrood Abbey	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pelham Memorial High School is the only high school within the town of Pelham, New York, USA.	Pelham Memorial High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherpur Kalan is a large village and a 'kasvah' in Pilibhit district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Sherpur Kalan	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plzeň Region (Czech: Plzeňský kraj) is an administrative unit (kraj) in the western part of Bohemia in the Czech Republic.	Plzeň Region	Czech Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McGill University Health Centre (MUHC, French: Centre universitaire de santé McGill) is one of two major healthcare networks in the city of Montreal, Quebec.	McGill University Health Centre	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kumathe is a village in the tehsil Tasgaon of Sangli district, Maharashtra, India, about 18 kilometres north of Sangli.	Kumathe	Sangli district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reading Central Catholic High School (more completely, Monsignor Bornemann Memorial Central Catholic High School of Reading, Pennsylvania) was a small Roman Catholic high school located at 1400 Hill Road in Reading, Pennsylvania.	Reading Central Catholic High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horine Cemetery is located in Richwoods, Missouri, the first burial noted was in 1851.	Horine Cemetery	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moravské Bránice, formerly České Bránice (German: Böhmisch Branitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Moravské Bránice	Brno-Country District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miray (Miri) is the district center of Andar District, Ghazni Province, Afghanistan.	Miray	Andar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrowla (ˈmrɔvla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świlcza, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Mrowla	Gmina Świlcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merced National Wildlife Refuge encompasses 10,262 acres (41.53 km2) of wetlands, native grasslands, vernal pools, and riparian areas in California.	Merced National Wildlife Refuge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frydman ((ˈfrɨdman), Slovak: Fridman, Hungarian: Frigyesvágása) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapsze Niżne, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Frydman	Gmina Łapsze Niżne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burpengary Creek is located about 40 kilometres north of Brisbane, in Queensland, Australia and has a total catchment area of 7,960 hectares.	Burpengary Creek	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madeira High School is the public high school in the city of Madeira, Ohio near Cincinnati.	Madeira High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philadelphus Presbyterian Church, is a historic Presbyterian church located near Philadelphus, Robeson County, North Carolina.	Philadelphus Presbyterian Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diamond Valley Lake is a man-made offstream reservoir located near Hemet, California, United States.	Diamond Valley Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elgiszewo (ɛlɡiˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Lygischau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechocin, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Elgiszewo	Gmina Ciechocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parker Training Academy Dutch Barn is located at that institution on Turkey Hill Road in the town of Red Hook, New York, United States.	Parker Training Academy Dutch Barn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cliff's Amusement Park (previously known as Uncle Cliff's Amusement Park prior to 1991) is a combination amusement park and water park in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States.	Cliff's Amusement Park	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutowa (kuˈtɔva) (Ukrainian: Кутова, Kutova) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kutowa	Gmina Narew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trevose Head Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Trevose Head on the north Cornish coast at grid reference SW850766 lying to the WSW of Padstow and was sited here as there was previously no light from Land's End to Lundy and would be visible from Cape Cornwall to Hartland Point.	Trevose Head Lighthouse	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pidlyssia (Ukrainian: Підли́сся) is a village (selo) in Zolochiv Raion, Lviv Oblast, of Western Ukraine.	Pidlyssia	Zolochiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malesze (maˈlɛʂɛ) (Ukrainian: Малеші, Maleshi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Malesze	Gmina Wyszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auxais (French pronunciation: ​(o.seː)) is a commune in the Manche department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Auxais	Manche
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elston Hall, formerly the Hotel Van Curler, is located on Washington Street in the city of Schenectady, New York, United States.	Elston Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Ligonier is a British fortification from the French and Indian War located in Ligonier, Pennsylvania, United States.	Fort Ligonier	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Venice of America House is a Late Victorian house built in 1906 in present day Venice in Los Angeles, California.	Venice of America House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubaśno (duˈbaɕnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Dubaśno	Gmina Nowy Dwór
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Page Farm & Home Museum is a museum on the campus of the University of Maine in Orono, Maine.	Page Farm & Home Museum	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banzhong She Ethnic Township (simplified Chinese: 坂中畲族乡; traditional Chinese: 坂中畲族鄉; pinyin: Bǎnzhōng Shēzú Xiāng) is a township of Fu'an City, northeastern Fujian Province, People's Republic of China.	Banzhong She Ethnic Township	Fu'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurayli is a rural locality located in Aktobe Region, Kazakhstan.	Kurayli	Aktobe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Gościeradowska (ˈvulka ɡɔɕt͡ɕeraˈdɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Gościeradowska	Gmina Gościeradów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marion Reservoir is a body of water on the Cottonwood River, 3 miles (4.8 km) north-west of Marion, on the western edge of the Flint Hills region of Kansas in the United States.	Marion Reservoir	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drewnowo-Dmoszki (drɛvˈnɔvɔ ˈdmɔʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Drewnowo-Dmoszki	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cabin Run Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located in Point Pleasant, Plumstead Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Cabin Run Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Augustynowo (auɡustɨˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Augustynowo	Gmina Izbica Kujawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Limestone Hills are a group of hills in northeast Lincoln County, Nevada.	Limestone Hills	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Khatun (Persian: باغ خاتون‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Khātūn, Bāgh-e Khātūn, and Bagh Khatoon) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bagh Khatun	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qamisheh (Persian: قاميشه‎, also Romanized as Qāmīsheh; also known as Qomīshān) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qamisheh	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Cheragh (Persian: ده چراغ‎, also Romanized as Deh Cherāgh) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh Cheragh	Zalu Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pressana is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) west of Venice and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) southeast of Verona.	Pressana	Province of Verona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portland Air National Guard Base is a United States Air Force base, located at Portland International Airport, Oregon.	Portland Air National Guard Base	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Youpon Plantation, originally known as Mimosa and also known as the Mathews-Tait-Rutherford House, is a historic antebellum plantation house and complex near Canton Bend, Alabama, United States.	Youpon Plantation	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Atenas is a multi-use stadium in San Carlos, Maldonado in Uruguay.	Estadio Atenas	San Carlos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weinegg was formerly a part of Riesbach municipality, which was incorporated into Zurich in 1893.	Weinegg	Riesbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warglewo (varˈɡlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Warglewo	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wellington Caves are a group of limestone caves located 8 kilometres south of Wellington, New South Wales, Australia.	Wellington Caves	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Stonham, also known as Stonham Parva, is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England.	Little Stonham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denny's Beer Barrel Pub is a small restaurant and bar, opened in September 1977 and located in Clearfield, Pennsylvania.	Denny's Beer Barrel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardborani (Persian: بردبراني‎, also Romanized as Bardborānī; also known as Bardborān) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bardborani	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elkay Apartments is an historic five-unit two-story multi-family building located at 638-642 Kelton Avenue, in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Elkay Apartments	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norsesund is a bimunicipal locality situated in Alingsås Municipality and Lerum Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Norsesund	Alingsås Municipality	Lerum Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalili-ye Kuchek (Persian: شليلي كوچك‎, also Romanized as Shalīlī-ye Kūchek and Shalīlī-ye Kūchak; also known as Shalīlī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shalili-ye Kuchek	Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kocudza Górna (kɔˈt͡sud͡za ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kocudza Górna	Gmina Dzwola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deer Creek Hot Springs (also known as Bigelow Hot Springs) is a small hot spring along the McKenzie River in the Cascade Range of western Oregon, United States.	Deer Creek Hot Springs	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copper Canyon (Spanish: Barrancas del Cobre) is a group of canyons consisting of six distinct canyons in the Sierra Madre Occidental in the southwestern part of the state of Chihuahua in northwestern Mexico.	Copper Canyon	Chihuahua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mynydd Isa (ˌmənɨ̞ð ˈɪsa) is a village in Flintshire, in north-east Wales.	Mynydd Isa	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton-upon-Humber or Barton is a town and civil parish in North Lincolnshire, England.	Barton-upon-Humber	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyanza Province (Kenyan English pronunciation: (ˈɲaːnzə); Swahili: Mkoa wa Nyanza), was one of Kenya's eight administrative provinces before the formation of the 47 counties under the 2010 constitution.	Nyanza Province	Kenya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lancaster Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 73C) is a city owned, public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) south of the central business district of Lancaster, a city in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States.	Lancaster Municipal Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lgota-Nadwarcie (ˈlɡɔta nadˈvart͡ɕe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lgota-Nadwarcie	Gmina Koziegłowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lofou (Greek: Λόφου) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 5 km northweast of Agios Therapon.	Lofou	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanguni (Persian: سنگوني‎, also Romanized as Sangūnī) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sanguni	Mazul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurab-e Jahan (Persian: شوراب جهان‎, also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Jahān; also known as Shūrāb and Shūrāb-e Soflá) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shurab-e Jahan	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanavat Rural District (Persian: دهستان قنوات‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Qanavat Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knowles Memorial Chapel, built between 1931 and 1932, is an historic Mediterranean Revival building located on the campus of Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida, in the United States.	Knowles Memorial Chapel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cold Lake Regional Airport, (TC LID: CEN5), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) northwest of Cold Lake, Alberta, Canada.	Cold Lake Regional Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanjirak (Persian: هنجيرك‎, also Romanized as Hanjīrak) is a village in Abreis Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hanjirak	Abreis Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	École secondaire publique De La Salle is a French public junior high and high school in downtown Ottawa, Ontario (Grade 7 to Grade 12) under the CÉPEO (Conseil des Écoles Publiques de l'Est de l'Ontario).	École secondaire publique De La Salle	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calgary Courts Centre is the largest court facility in Canada, and is located in Calgary, Alberta.	Calgary Courts Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMMT (106.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Modern rock format, licensed to Mammoth Lakes, California.	KMMT	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonbadbardi-ye Sofla (Persian: گنبدبردي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gonbadbardī-ye Soflá) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gonbadbardi-ye Sofla	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalakbar (Persian: جل اكبر‎, also Romanized as Jalākbar; also known as Chalageh, Chalakbar, Jalagbar, Jalakbarī, and Jalaqeh) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Jalakbar	Kuhpayeh Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Thomas' Hospital is a large NHS teaching hospital in Central London.	St Thomas' Hospital	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aggie Bonfire was a long-standing tradition at Texas A&M University as part of the college rivalry with the University of Texas at Austin.	Aggie Bonfire	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amir Gavabor (Persian: اميرگوابر‎, also Romanized as Amīr Gavābor) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Amir Gavabor	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coast Guard Air Station Elizabeth City is a United States Coast Guard Air Station co-located at Elizabeth City Regional Airport in Elizabeth City, North Carolina, along the Pasquotank River near the opening of the Albemarle Sound.	Coast Guard Air Station Elizabeth City	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baluchabad-e Mashu (Persian: بلوچ ابادمشو‎, also Romanized as Balūchābād-e Mashū) is a village in Fenderesk-e Jonubi Rural District, Fenderesk District, Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Baluchabad-e Mashu	Fenderesk-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobięcin (sɔˈbjɛnt͡ɕin) (German: Kleinsruh) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sobięcin	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Named for Newton E. Noyes, the Noyes Building is the administrative building on the Snow College campus, which is located in Ephraim, Utah.	Noyes Building	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabolabad (Persian: كابل اباد‎, also Romanized as Kābolābād and Kāblābād; also known as Kābol) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kabolabad	Keyvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smoniowice (smɔɲɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziemice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Smoniowice	Gmina Radziemice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yurqol (Persian: يورقل‎, also Romanized as Yūrqol) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Yurqol	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranigaon (रानीगांव) is a village of Makrana in Nagaur district, Rajasthan.	Ranigaon	Nagaur district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciecholub (t͡ɕeˈxɔlup) (German Techlipp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ciecholub	Gmina Kępice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takhtshah-e Bala (Persian: تخت شه بالا‎, also Romanized as Takhtshah-e Bālā; also known as Tashkheh-ye Bālā) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takhtshah-e Bala	Hoseyniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanggakdo, or Yanggak Island is a small island in the Taedong River, located about two kilometers to the south-east of the center of the North Korean capital city Pyongyang.	Yanggakdo	Pyongyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Land Park, frequently referred to as simply ``Land Park'' is a major city park in Sacramento, California.	William Land Park	Sacramento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byrd Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Goochland in western Goochland County, Virginia on Dogtown Road.	Byrd Presbyterian Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horningsham is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, between Warminster and Frome, Somerset.	Horningsham	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Scotland offices are located in the centre of Edinburgh, Scotland (in the New Town) at 121 George Street.	Church of Scotland offices	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashlawn, also called the Joshua Perkins House, is a two-story, central-hall frame farmhouse dating from the 18th century in Sprague, Connecticut.	Ashlawn	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołomań (kɔˈwɔmaɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kołomań	Gmina Zagnańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberty Technology Magnet High School is a public magnet high school located in Jackson, Tennessee.	Liberty Technology Magnet High School	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadwick Street (formerly Broad Street) is a street in Soho, City of Westminster, London.	Broadwick Street	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ellen Trout Zoo is a small zoo founded by Walter Trout in 1967 and located in Lufkin, Texas, United States.	Ellen Trout Zoo	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ash Sharqiyah South Governorate (English: Southeastern Governorate) is a governorate of Oman.	Ash Sharqiyah South Governorate	Oman
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuancheng District (simplified Chinese: 宽城区; traditional Chinese: 寬城區; pinyin: Kuānchéng Qū; literally: ``Wide City'') is one of six districts of Changchun, the capital of Jilin province, People's Republic of China.	Kuancheng District	Changchun
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brookeville Woolen Mill and House is a historic home and woolen mill located in Brookeville, Maryland, in Montgomery County.	Brookeville Woolen Mill and House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallace Falls State Park is a 4,735-acre (19.16 km2) Washington state park located on the west side of the Cascade Mountains, 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of Gold Bar on the Wallace River.	Wallace Falls State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cansano is a comune and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Cansano	Province of L'Aquila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wesołówko (vɛsɔˈwufkɔ) (German: Fröhlichswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wesołówko	Gmina Wielbark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abyaneh (Persian: ابيانه‎, also Romanized as Ābyāneh, Ābiāneh, and Abyāneh) is a village in Barzrud Rural District, in the Central District of Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Abyaneh	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yemva (Russian: Е́мва; Komi: Емва) is a town and the administrative center of Knyazhpogostsky District of the Komi Republic, Russia, located on the Vym River 130 kilometers (81 mi) northeast of Syktyvkar.	Yemva	Knyazhpogostsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Lindesay Highway is an Australian national highway located in Queensland, also known as National Route 13.	Mount Lindesay Highway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madrona Creek is a stream in the Madrona neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, USA, located within Madrona Park.	Madrona Creek	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ladná, until 1950 Lanštorf (German: Rampersdorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in Břeclav District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Ladná	Břeclav District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Fallah (Persian: احمدابادفلاح‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Fallāḩ; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Bahreman Rural District, Nuq District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Fallah	Bahreman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Souffelweyersheim (pronounced /su.fœl.vaj.œr.sajm/, German: Suffelweyersheim) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France, and is part of metropolitan Strasbourg.	Souffelweyersheim	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pentedattilo (Calabrian Greek: Pentadàktilo) is a ghost town in Calabria, southern Italy, administratively a frazione of Melito di Porto Salvo.	Pentedattilo	Melito di Porto Salvo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great North Museum is a visitor attraction in Newcastle upon Tyne in North East England.	Great North Museum	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuropatnik (kurɔˈpatnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kuropatnik	Gmina Strzelin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Park Blocks form a city park in downtown Portland, Oregon, in the United States.	North Park Blocks	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeshiva Birchas Chaim is an ultra Orthodox Jewish Mesivta high school in Lakewood Township, New Jersey.	Birchas Chaim	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firrhill High School is a state-run secondary school located in the south-west of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Firrhill High School	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Śleszów (ˈnɔvɨ ˈɕlɛʂuf) (German: Neu Schliesa, Neu Schlesing) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowy Śleszów	Gmina Żórawina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Division of Melbourne is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria, represented since the 2010 election by Adam Bandt, a member of the Greens.	Division of Melbourne	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parepare is a city (kota) in South Sulawesi, Indonesia, located on the southwest coast of Sulawesi, about 155 km (96 mi) north of the provincial capital of Makassar.	Parepare	South Sulawesi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old South Meeting House is a historic church building at the corner of Milk and Washington Streets in the Downtown Crossing area of Boston, Massachusetts.	Old South Meeting House	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelican Place at Craft Farms is a 372,000-square-foot (34,600 m2) lifestyle center in Gulf Shores, Alabama.	Pelican Place at Craft Farms	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gishin (Persian: گيشين‎, also Romanized as Gīshīn) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gishin	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarthebari (IPA:ˌsɑ:θəˈbɑ:rɪ) is a town and a town area committee in Barpeta district in the Indian state of Assam.	Sarthebari	Barpeta district
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLCA (89.9 FM) is a student-run radio station that is owned and operated by the Lewis and Clark Community College in Godfrey, Illinois.	WLCA	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halinowo (xaliˈnɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Halinowo	Gmina Prabuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kings Point Light is a private lighthouse owned and operated by the United States Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point, New York.	Kings Point Light	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Winnepesaukah, commonly known as Lake Winnie, is an amusement park located in Rossville, Georgia, just south of Chattanooga, Tennessee.	Lake Winnepesaukah	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kineh Vars (Persian: كينه ورس‎, also Romanized as Kīneh Vars; also known as Kinavaris and Kīneh Varz) is a village in Abharrud Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kineh Vars	Abharrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harvest Preparatory School is a private school located in Canal Winchester, Ohio affiliated with the World Harvest Church and run by the church's founder Rod Parsley.	Harvest Preparatory School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guang'an (simplified Chinese: 广安; traditional Chinese: 廣安; pinyin: Guǎng'ān; Wade--Giles: kwang-an) is a prefecture-level city in eastern Sichuan province.	Guang'an	Sichuan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kent State University Airport (FAA LID: 1G3) is a public airport in Stow, Ohio, United States owned by Kent State University.	Kent State University Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nazul (Persian: نازول‎, also Romanized as Nāzūl) is a village in Samen Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Nazul	Samen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonake is a village in Koregaon Taluka of Satara district in Maharashtra state, India.	Sonake	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szadykierz (ʂaˈdɨkʲɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Szadykierz	Gmina Ceków-Kolonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adams Avenue Parkway is a one-half-mile-long (800 m) private toll road in the U.S. state of Utah connecting U.S. Route 89 (US-89) to Interstate 84 (I-84) near Washington Terrace, Utah.	Adams Avenue Parkway	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łapy-Łynki (ˈwapɨ ˈwɨnki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łapy-Łynki	Gmina Łapy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mies de Cozada, colloquially called San Román, is a multi-purpose municipal stadium located in the town of San Román de la Llanilla, in the municipality of Santander, Cantabria, Spain.	Mies de Cozada	San Román de la Llanilla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chareh Su (Persian: چاره سو‎, also Romanized as Chāreh Sū) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chareh Su	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gach-e Sofla (Persian: گچ سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gach-e Soflá and Gach Soflá; also known as Gach-e Pā’īn) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gach-e Sofla	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duluth South Breakwater Inner Light is a lighthouse on the south breakwater of the Duluth Ship Canal in Duluth, Minnesota, United States.	Duluth South Breakwater Inner Light	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurjestan (Persian: شورجستان‎, also Romanized as Shūrjestān; also known as Shūlgistan, Shūljestān, and Shūlqestān) is a village in Bahman Rural District, in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shurjestan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Epwell is a village and civil parish in the north of Oxfordshire about 6 miles (10 km) west of Banbury.	Epwell	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazoče (Serbian Cyrillic: Мазоче) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mazoče	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changchun (Chinese: 长春; (ʈʂʰǎŋ ʈʂʰwə́n)) is the capital and largest city of Jilin Province, located in the northeast of the China.	Changchun	Jilin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jolfan (Persian: جلفان‎, also Romanized as Jolfān) is a village in Shahrestaneh Rural District, Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jolfan	Shahrestaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvajeh Gir (Persian: خواجه گير‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Gīr) is a village in Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Gir	Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tate's Cairn (Chinese: 大老山 Cantonese: Tai Lo Shan) is a mountain peak in Hong Kong.	Tate's Cairn	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruda Białaczowska (ˈruda bjawaˈt͡ʂɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gowarczów, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ruda Białaczowska	Gmina Gowarczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ljubečna (pronounced (ljuˈbeːtʃna)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Ljubečna	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Nkwala, formerly Niggertoe Mountain, is a mountain in the Okanagan Valley of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, located immediately west of and overlooking the city of Penticton and the south end of Okanagan Lake.	Mount Nkwala	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apothecary Shop is a building at the Shelburne Museum in Shelburne, Vermont that exhibits objects salvaged from New England pharmacies that were closing in the early decades of the 20th century.	Apothecary Shop	Shelburne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crandall Marine Railway is a historic dry dock facility located at Heart's Bay, 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of Ticonderoga in Essex County, New York.	Crandall Marine Railway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A1231 road connects Sunderland and Washington in Tyne and Wear, North East England.	A1231 road	Tyne and Wear
located in the administrative territorial entity	Księży Mostek (ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɨ ˈmɔstɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Księży Mostek	Gmina Płaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarsterlân (Dutch: Scharsterland pronunciation ) is a former municipality in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands.	Skarsterlân	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinawa is a small Canadian community of 1,444 residents (2011 census) located in southeastern Manitoba, 110 kilometres north-east of Winnipeg.	Pinawa	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collingwood Arts Center (CAC) is located at 2413 Collingwood in Toledo, Ohio in the Old West End neighborhood The center has been ``Creatively serving visual and performing artists with residential, studio, and theatre space since 1985''	Collingwood Arts Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp JCA Shalom is a Jewish summer camp located in Malibu, California.	Camp JCA Shalom	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coyote Creek Bridge near Crow, Oregon, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Coyote Creek Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Historic Deerfield is a museum dedicated to the heritage and preservation of Deerfield, Massachusetts, and history of the Connecticut River Valley.	Historic Deerfield	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarandin-e Sofla (Persian: زرندين سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zarandīn-e Soflá; also known as Pā’īn Zarandīn and Zarandīn-e Pā’īn) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zarandin-e Sofla	Peyrajeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ouro Preto (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈoɾu ˈpɾetu), Black Gold) is a city in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil, a former colonial mining town located in the Serra do Espinhaço mountains and designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO because of its outstanding Baroque architecture.	Ouro Preto	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hocabá Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``picking plums'' is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing 81.75 square kilometres (31.56 sq mi) of land and located roughly 45 kilometres (28 mi) southeast of the city of Mérida.	Hocabá Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porażyn-Dworzec (pɔˈraʐɨn ˈdvɔʐɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Porażyn-Dworzec	Gmina Opalenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poddymin (pɔdˈdɨmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Poddymin	Gmina Police
located in the administrative territorial entity	Em Agaleh Seyyed Sabus (Persian: ام عگله سيدسبوس‎, also Romanized as Em ʿAgaleh Seyyed Sabūs) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Em Agaleh Seyyed Sabus	Elhayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Withdean Stadium is an athletics stadium in Withdean, a suburb of Brighton.	Withdean Stadium	Brighton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karizmeh (Persian: كاريزمه‎, also Romanized as Kārīzmeh; also known as Kārīsmā and Kārīs Meh) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karizmeh	Sang Bast Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salzofen cave is a cave in Styria, Austria.	Salzofen cave	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plant Hill Arts College (formally Plant Hill High School) was an 11-16 community school, serving boys and girls predominately from the Blackley area of North Manchester.	Plant Hill Arts College	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westdale Mall was an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	Westdale Mall	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zafan (Persian: زعفان‎, also Romanized as Za``fān, Zāfān, and Zeefan) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 22 families.	Zafan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mynachlog-ddu (SN143306) is a village and community in the Preseli Hills, Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Mynachlog-ddu	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawick (i/ˈhɔɪk/ HOYK; Scots: Haaick, Scottish Gaelic: Hamhaig) is a town in the Scottish Borders council area and historic county of Roxburghshire in the east Southern Uplands of Scotland.	Hawick	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casuarina Square, the largest shopping centre in the Northern Territory, is located in Casuarina in Darwin's northern suburbs.	Casuarina Square	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Abdollah Bazar (Persian: حاجي عبدالله بازار‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī ʿAbdollah Bāzār; also known as Ḩājīabdollah) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Abdollah Bazar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darra Tang is a town and union council of Lakki Marwat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan and home town of Sheraz Durani.	Darra Tang	Lakki Marwat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College of Staten Island (CSI) is one of the eleven four-year senior colleges within the City University of New York system.	College of Staten Island	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valguarnera Caropepe (Sicilian: Carrapipi) is a comune in Sicily, Italy in the Province of Enna.	Valguarnera Caropepe	Province of Enna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daniłowce (daniˈwɔft͡sɛ), (Lithuanian: Danilovcė) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.	Daniłowce	Gmina Giby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalashem-e Bala (Persian: كلاشم بالا‎, also Romanized as Kalāshem-e Bālā and Kalāshom-e Bālā; also known as Kalashem, Kalāshom, Kalāshom-e Pā’īn, and Qalashem) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kalashem-e Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roque de los Muchachos Observatory (Spanish: Observatorio del Roque de los Muchachos, ORM) is an astronomical observatory located in the municipality of Garafía on the island of La Palma in the Canary Islands.	Roque de los Muchachos Observatory	La Palma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McDowell Site, also known as Chesnut Mounds, Taylor Mounds, and Mulberry Plantation House, is a set of historic mounds located near Camden, Kershaw County, South Carolina.	McDowell Site	Kershaw County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nelson W. Aldrich House, also known as the Dr. S. B. Tobey House, is a Federal-style house at 110 Benevolent Street in Providence, Rhode Island that was the home of Nelson W. Aldrich, a U.S. Senator from 1881 to 1911.	Nelson W. Aldrich House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estakhr-e Posht Rural District (Persian: دهستان استخرپشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Estakhr-e Posht Rural District	Hezarjarib District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vamarzan (Persian: وامرزان‎, also Romanized as Vāmarzān and Vāmarzan) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Vamarzan	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Königsegg was a German statelet in the southeastern part of the present State of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Königsegg	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Cuartón is a village in the municipality of Tarifa in the Province of Cadiz in southeastern Spain.	El Cuartón	Tarifa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The VLF Transmitter Cutler is the United States Navy's very low frequency (VLF) shore radio station at Cutler, Maine.	VLF Transmitter Cutler	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fachsenfeld is a town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg, in Aalen municipality.	Fachsenfeld	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tepeaca Municipality is a municipality in Puebla in southeastern Mexico.	Tepeaca	Puebla
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southwest Motors Events Center (originally the Colorado State Fair Events Center) is a multipurpose arena located in Pueblo, Colorado.	Southwest Motors Events Center	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	M.Karuppampatti is a village in Tiruchirappalli district, Musiri Taluk, Thathaiyangarpet union, Mettupalayam, Tiruchirappalli town panchayat in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	M.Karuppampatti	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saint John Paul II National Shrine is a national shrine in Washington, D.C., sponsored by the Knights of Columbus.	Saint John Paul II National Shrine	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melkinthorpe is a hamlet in the civil parish of Lowther within the Eden District in the county of Cumbria.	Melkinthorpe	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gaudeamus Hut (German: Gaudeamushütte) is an Alpine club hut in the Kaisergebirge mountains in Tyrol.	Gaudeamus Hut	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahl am Main (officially Kahl a.Main) is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany.	Kahl am Main	Aschaffenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agh Tavaraq (Persian: اغ طورق‎, also Romanized as Āgh Ţavaraq; also known as Āq Ţavaraq) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Agh Tavaraq	Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goramansingh also known as Gauramansingh is a small village in the Darbhanga district of Bihar, India.	Goramansingh	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clark's Lookout State Park is a Montana state park located one mile north of the community of Dillon.	Clark's Lookout State Park	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowlatabad-e Do (Persian: دولت اباد2‎, also Romanized as Dowlatābād-e Do; also known as Dowlatābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dowlatabad-e Do	Fathabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiptree is a village and civil parish in the English county of Essex, situated 10 miles (16 km) south-west of Colchester and around 50 miles (80 km) north-east of London.	Tiptree	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Saltoun and West Saltoun are separate villages in East Lothian, Scotland, about 5 miles (8 kilometres) south-west of Haddington and 20 miles (32 kilometres) east of Edinburgh.	East Saltoun and West Saltoun	East Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu ol Khazen (Persian: ابوالخازن‎, also Romanized as Abū ol Khāzen and Abū Al Khāzen; also known as Abolkhāzen, Shaikh Abul Khāzen, and Sheykh Abū ol Khāzen) is a village in Jazin Rural District, in the Central District of Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abu ol Khazen	Jazin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sproul State Forest is a Pennsylvania state forest in Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry District #10.	Sproul State Forest	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Davis Field House is the gymnasium of Bob Jones University, Greenville, South Carolina.	Davis Field House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexandria Hotel and Annex, also known as Plaza Hotel and Annex, is located at 840-844 Brown St. in Napa, California.	Alexandria Hotel and Annex	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dos Blockos was a squat situated on East 9th Street in Manhattan, New York City.	Dos Blockos	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thecho is a village development committee located about 6 km south of the main Lalitpur town in Lalitpur District.	Thecho	Lalitpur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gillespie Museum is located in DeLand, Florida, on the Stetson University campus.	Gillespie Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Henlopen is the southern cape of the Delaware Bay along the Atlantic coast of the United States.	Cape Henlopen	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYGO (99.5 FM, ``Y99.5'') is a radio station licensed to serve Madisonville, Tennessee, USA.	WYGO	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duskam (Persian: دوسكام‎, also Romanized as Duskām; also known as Voskām, Dorostakān, Dostgan, Dūstegān, and Dūstekān) is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Duskam	Barakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Working Men's College of Melbourne was an Australian college of further education located in Melbourne, Victoria.	Working Men's College of Melbourne	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDVE (102.5 FM) is a classic rock music formatted radio station in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA at 102.5 MHz. It is often referred to by Pittsburghers as simply ``DVE.''	WDVE	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sydzyna (sɨˈd͡zɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytwiany, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sydzyna	Gmina Rytwiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahtu (Persian: ماه تو‎, also Romanized as Māhtū) is a village in Negar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahtu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gouméra is a village and urban commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Gouméra	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Królewko (kruˈlɛfkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Królewko	Gmina Postomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohmstedt (Danish: Bomsted, North Frisian: Bååmst) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Bohmstedt	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaziska-Kolonia (waˈʑiska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łaziska-Kolonia	Gmina Łaziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kothayam is a Village Panchayat under Thoppampatti Union of oddanchatram Taluk, Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu.It has seven small Villages attached to it for Administrative Purposes.It includes Aruvankattuvalasu,Marriamman Temple Vallakkundapuram, Veeragirikottai, Vedikaranvalasu, Thhethagoundenvalasu, Koothampattiyanvalasu and Kondavanayakanvalasu village.	Kothayam	Dindigul district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hughes Mound Site, also known by the Smithsonian trinomial 3SA11, is an archeological site in Saline County, Arkansas near Benton.	Hughes Mound Site	Saline County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damilak (Persian: دميلك‎, also Romanized as Damīlak) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Damilak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamerbark (xaˈmɛrbark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Hamerbark	Gmina Stara Kiszewa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peterlee is a small town built under the New Towns Act of 1946, in County Durham, England.	Peterlee	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huntington Grange, also known as Old Baptist Church, in Wellington, Ohio, is a Greek Revival building built in 1842.	Huntington Grange	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fremont Airport (FAA LID: 14G) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Fremont, a city in Sandusky County, Ohio, United States.	Fremont Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teatro della Pergola is a historic opera house in Florence, Italy.	Teatro della Pergola	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Bourton is a village about 3 miles (5 km) north of Banbury in Oxfordshire, England.	Great Bourton	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogers Field (FAA LID: O05) is a public airport bordering the southwest of the town of Chester, serving Plumas County, California, USA.	Rogers Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Canberra Library is the principal Library of the University of Canberra, located in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.	University of Canberra Library	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Jalilabad (Persian: مزرعه جليل اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Jalīlābād) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District, Salafchegan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Jalilabad	Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bockstael railway station is a railway station in Brussels, Belgium operated by the SNCB/NMBS.	Bockstael railway station	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robina Stadium, currently known as its sponsored name Cbus Super Stadium, is a rectangular football stadium in the Gold Coast suburb of Robina, Queensland.	Robina Stadium	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koshkulabad (Persian: كشكول اباد‎, also Romanized as Koshkūlābād) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Koshkulabad	Taraznahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabaleh (Persian: جبله‎) is a village in Dasturan Rural District, in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jabaleh	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vauclair castle, also Vauclerc castle (French: 'Château Vauclair) was a castle built in La Rochelle, by Henry II of England in the 12th century.	Vauclair castle	La Rochelle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Backstage Capitol Theatre was built in 1933 in Delhi, Ontario, Canada by Robert Hambleton on the site of the Community Hall that burnt down earlier that same year.	Backstage Capitol Theatre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hagerstown Airport (FAA LID: I61) is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) south of the central business district of Hagerstown, a town in Wayne County, Indiana, United States.	Hagerstown Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colloquially known as Stade de l'Est, Stade Jean-Ivoula is a multi-use stadium in Saint-Denis, Réunion.	Stade Jean-Ivoula	Saint-Denis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dordt College is a private, Christian, liberal arts college located in Sioux Center, Iowa, United States.	Dordt College	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wechsler School is a historic school in Meridian, Mississippi erected in 1894.	Wechsler School	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambridge College is a private, non-profit college based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, specializing in adult education.	Cambridge College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maraq Kan (Persian: مرق كان‎, also Romanized as Maraq Kān) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Maraq Kan	Nur Ali Beyk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hennepin Island Hydroelectric Plant also known as the St. Anthony Hydro Plant, sits on the site of early sawmills at St. Anthony Falls in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Hennepin Island Hydroelectric Plant	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadavalli is a small village, situated about 20 km from Bhatkala in Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka, India.	Hadavalli	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ermelo ( pronunciation , Dutch Low Saxon: Armelo or Armel) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of Gelderland in the Veluwe area with a population of 26,121 in 2014.	Ermelo	Gelderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heathcote River (Māori: Ōpāwaho) lies within the city boundaries of Christchurch, New Zealand, and is fed from springs near Templetons Road and also receives wet weather flows from as far west as Pound Road.	Heathcote River	Christchurch
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czersk Świecki (ˈt͡ʂɛrsk ˈɕfjɛt͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czersk Świecki	Gmina Jeżewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Departmental archives of Doubs is located in the area of Planoise, in Besançon (Doubs, Franche-Comté).	Departmental archives of Doubs	Besançon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panagyurishte Municipality is located in the Pazardzhik Province, western Bulgaria.	Panagyurishte Municipality	Pazardzhik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSHW, ``Shine 99'' is an FM radio station owned by Kaspar Broadcasting in Frankfort, Indiana.	WSHW	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brier Hill is a neighborhood in Youngstown, Ohio, that was once viewed as the city's ``Little Italy'' district.	Brier Hill	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głobice (ɡwɔˈbit͡sɛ) (German: Globitschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Głobice	Gmina Niechlów
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFVL is a K-Love-affiliated Contemporary Christian radio station in the Fayetteville, North Carolina, market which broadcasts on 102.3 FM.	WFVL	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Medico-Dental Building, now known as the Centre City Building, is a high-rise office building in Downtown San Diego, California.	Medico-Dental Building	San Diego
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalbuse is a village in Tarvastu Parish, Viljandi County located 19 km (11.8 miles) southeast of the town of Viljandi, 5.5 km (3.4 miles) northwest of the small borough of Mustla, near the western shore of Lake Võrtsjärv.	Kalbuse	Tarvastu Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western International High School is a secondary educational facility, located across from Clark Park, within southwest Detroit's Mexicantown.	Western International High School	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavdaran-e Sofla (Persian: گاوداران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gāvdārān-e Soflá; also known as Gābdārān and Gāvdārān) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gavdaran-e Sofla	Jahangiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemesurier Island is the second-largest island in the Icy Strait between Chichagof Island and the mainland of the Alaska Panhandle in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Lemesurier Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elangarkudi is a village near Koradacheri in Tiruvarur district, Tamil Nadu.	Elangarkudi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Until the late 1940s, Glenageary, like much of the south County Dublin, consisted mostly of large manor estates - each comprising a large house, some woodland and cultivated or landscaped fields.	Glenageary	County Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Pud (Persian: سه پود‎, also Romanized as Seh Pūd; also known as Sepūt) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Seh Pud	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Via del Babuino is a street in the historic centre of Rome (Italy), located in the rione Campo Marzio.	Via del Babuino	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Vatgira (2,983 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located south of Sedrun in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Vatgira	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waterloo Monument near Ancrum in the Scottish Borders is a 150 foot tower, built between 1817 and 1824 to commemorate the Battle of Waterloo.	Waterloo Monument	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Coree (formerly known as Pabral) is a mountain with an elevation of 1,421 metres (4,662 ft) AHD that is located within the Brindabella Range on the border between the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Coree	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukeh Dar (Persian: بوكدر‎, also Romanized as Būkeh Dar) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bukeh Dar	Sepiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Melakwa Lake is a tiny lake located in King County in Washington.	Upper Melakwa Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohutyn (bɔˈxutɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnowica, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bohutyn	Gmina Sosnowica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castrillón is a municipality in Asturias, located on the central coast.	Castrillón	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowergup railway depot is a Transperth depot in the suburb of Nowergup, Western Australia	Nowergup railway depot	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Termon (Irish: An Tearmann, meaning ``place of sanctuary'') is a village and townland in the north of County Donegal, Ireland.	Termon	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shing Mun Valley Sports Ground (Chinese: 城門谷運動場) is a sports ground located in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Shing Mun Valley Sports Ground	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torkaman County (Persian: شهرستان ترکمن‎), formerly Bandar Torkaman County (Persian: شهرستان بندر ترکمن‎), is a county in Golestan Province in Iran.	Torkaman County	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapel Amble (Cornish: Amaleglos, meaning church on the river Amble) is a village in the civil parish of St Kew, north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Chapel Amble	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chautauqua Hall of Brotherhood (also known as the Chautauqua Auditorium and Lakeyard) is a historic site in DeFuniak Springs, Walton County, Florida.	Chautauqua Hall of Brotherhood	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peyvand-e Kohneh (Persian: پيوندكهنه‎) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Peyvand-e Kohneh	Balaband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Tigné (Maltese: Il-Forti Tigné or Il-Fortizza ta' Tigné) is a polygonal fort in Tigné Point, Sliema, Malta.	Fort Tigné	Sliema
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sława Wielkopolska (ˈswava vjɛlkɔˈpɔlska) (German: Deutschfeldhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sława Wielkopolska	Gmina Skoki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benning Ridge is a residential neighborhood located in Southeast Washington, D.C. It is bounded by Fort Chaplin Park to the northwest, Southern Avenue to the south, Benning Road to the east, and Ridge Road SE to the west.	Benning Ridge	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miles House is a historic building located at 631 Woodland Street in Nashville, Tennessee It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 8, 1978.	Miles House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beverley Bar or Beverley North Bar is a 15th-century gate situated in Beverley, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Beverley Bar	East Riding of Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Encina Power Station (EPS) is a large natural gas and oil-fueled electricity generating plant located in Carlsbad, California, in San Diego County.	Encina Power Station	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arizona Charlie's Decatur is a 258 room casino hotel with a 59,000-square-foot (5,500 m2) locals casino in the Charleston Heights area of Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.	Arizona Charlie's Decatur	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Ostaszewska (ˈvɔla ɔstaˈʂɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Ostaszewska	Gmina Sońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Regenstein Mill (German: Regensteinmühle) was a water-powered corn and oil mill below Regenstein Castle north of the town of Blankenburg (Harz) in the county of Harz (Saxony-Anhalt).	Regenstein Mill	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barazi (Persian: برازي‎, also Romanized as Barāzī) is a village in Chahriq Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barazi	Chahriq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunterdon County Polytech Career Academy is a vocational public high school that offers technical and career training to students in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Hunterdon County Vocational School District.	Hunterdon County Polytech Career Academy	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Museum of Fly Fishing is a museum in Manchester, Vermont, USA, that preserves and exhibits artifacts related to American angling.	American Museum of Fly Fishing	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh-ye Mir Ahmad (Persian: تپه ميراحمد‎, also Romanized as Tappeh-ye Mīr Aḩmad) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tappeh-ye Mir Ahmad	Sarakhs Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brodhead Farm, also known as the Brodhead-Heller Farm and ``Wheat Plains,'' is a historic home located in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Lehman Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania.	Brodhead Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łodyna (wɔˈdɨna) (Ukrainian: Лодина Lodyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Łodyna	Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is a large temple and ashram complex for his guru Jagadguru Shree Kripaluji Maharaj outside of Austin, Texas, U.S. Radha Madhav Dham is a place of pilgrimage reminiscent of similar locales in India.	Radha Madhav Dham	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Cheh (Persian: قره چه‎; also known as Daracheh) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qareh Cheh	Dowlatkhaneh Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfreton is a town and civil parish in Amber Valley, Derbyshire, England, adjoining the Bolsover and North East Derbyshire districts.	Alfreton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barking and Dagenham Parks Constabulary was a small constabulary responsible for policing the parks and open spaces of the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham.	Barking and Dagenham Parks Constabulary	London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opatkowice Drewniane (ɔpatkɔˈvit͡sɛ drɛvˈɲanɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Opatkowice Drewniane	Gmina Imielno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jianhu County (simplified Chinese: 建湖县; traditional Chinese: 建湖縣; pinyin: Jiànhú Xiàn) is under the administration of Yancheng, Jiangsu province, China.	Jianhu County	Yancheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schaffhouse-sur-Zorn (German: Schaffhausen an der Zorn) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Schaffhouse-sur-Zorn	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Potlatch River is in the state of Idaho in the United States.	Potlatch River	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	For statistical purposes, Wake Island is grouped as one of the United States Minor Outlying Islands (UM-79) by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO 3166).	Wake Island	United States Minor Outlying Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beichuan Qiang Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 北川羌族自治县; traditional Chinese: 北川羌族自治縣; pinyin: Běichuān Qiāngzú Zìzhì Xiàn; Qiang: Juda Rrmea nyujugvexueaji xae) is a county under the jurisdiction of Mianyang City in northern Sichuan province, China.	Beichuan Qiang Autonomous County	Mianyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpine County Courthouse is a building built in 1928 in Markleeville, California.	Alpine County Courthouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tung Chung Bay (Chinese: 東涌灣) is a bay in at the west of Tung Chung, Lantau Island, Hong Kong, near North Lantau New Town and Hong Kong International Airport.	Tung Chung Bay	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sterling State Park in the United States is the only Michigan state park located on the shores of Lake Erie.	Sterling State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westminster Historic District comprises the historic center of Westminster, Maryland.	Westminster Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burruss Correctional Training Center is a medium security level prison located in Forsyth, Georgia in Monroe County.	Burruss Correctional Training Center	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neustadt (Wied) or Neustadt an der Wied is a village in the district of Neuwied, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Neustadt (Wied)	Neuwied
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mills Building and Tower is a two-building complex following the Chicago school with Romanesque design elements in the Financial District of San Francisco, California.	Mills Building and Tower	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Baqer (Persian: ده باقر‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Bāqer, Deh Bāqer, and Deh-i-Bāgar) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Baqer	Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Chu Chu (Persian: چاه چوچو‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Chū Chū, Chāh Chū Chū, and Chāh Chūchū) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Chu Chu	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pays d'Auge (French pronunciation: ​(pɛ.i doʒ)) is an area in Normandy, straddling the départements of Calvados and Orne (plus a small part of the territory of Eure).	Pays d'Auge	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bizaki (Persian: بيزكي‎, also Romanized as Bīzakī and Bīzekī) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bizaki	Hasan Reza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairmont State Airfield (ICAO: KFMZ, FAA LID: FMZ) is three miles south of Fairmont, in Fillmore County, Nebraska.	Fairmont State Airfield	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middle Cathedral Rock is a prominent rock face on the south side of Yosemite Valley, California.	Middle Cathedral Rock	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital is a 278 bed acute care hospital located in the city of Santa Rosa, California, which is in Sonoma County.	Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Rosa de Cabal is a town and municipality in the Risaralda Department, of west central Colombia, on the western slopes of the Andean Cordillera Central.	Santa Rosa de Cabal	Risaralda Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vimodrone (the ancient Modrone or Vico Modrone) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of Milan.	Vimodrone	Province of Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Crafton House, also known as Ralroth Farm, is a property in Franklin, Tennessee, United States, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.	John Crafton House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badwater Basin is an endorheic basin in Death Valley National Park, Death Valley, Inyo County, California, noted as the lowest point in North America, with an elevation of 282 ft (86 m) below sea level.	Badwater Basin	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Nathanial Burwell House, also known as Yellow House Farm, was built about 1842 near Ridgeway, West Virginia.	James Nathanial Burwell House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pioneer Courthouse is a federal courthouse in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Pioneer Courthouse	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turner Cattle Pound is a historic animal pound at the corner of Gen. Turner Hill Road and Kennebec Trail in Turner, Maine.	Turner Cattle Pound	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rainforest Way is a circular series of tourist drives that extends through South East Queensland, Australia across the border into the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales.	Rainforest Way	Queensland	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant is a facility located in McCracken County, Kentucky, near Paducah, Kentucky that produced enriched uranium 1952--2013.	Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Onze-Lieve-Vrouweplein (``Square of Our Lady'') is a square in the historic center of Maastricht, Netherlands.	Onze-Lieve-Vrouweplein	Maastricht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeppesen Gymnasium, also known as Jeppesen Fieldhouse, was a multi-purpose sports facility on the campus of the University of Houston in Houston, Texas.	Jeppesen Gymnasium	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bundall Road is a road from Bundall to Southport on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia.	Bundall Road	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pratu Pa (Thai: ประตูป่า) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lamphun District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 5832 people.	Pratu Pa	Mueang Lamphun
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Clare Hospital is a hospital in Lakewood, Washington, United States, provides inpatient and outpatient medical services, including 24-hour emergency care and treatment for sleep disorders.	St. Clare Hospital	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dragontail Peak, also known as Dragon Tail, is a mountain in the Stuart Range, in Chelan County, Washington.	Dragontail Peak	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRZR (1400 AM) is an American radio station broadcasting a talk radio format, simulcasting KALZ 96.7 FM Fowler, California.	KRZR	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pfeiffer University at Charlotte, in Charlotte, North Carolina, is one of three campuses of Pfeiffer University, where the university's School of Graduate Studies and Center for Professional Advancement are located.	Pfeiffer University at Charlotte	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Apartments was a historic apartment building in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, which was destroyed by fire in 2009.	Castle Apartments	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shops at Kenilworth is a mall in Towson, Maryland.	The Shops at Kenilworth	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donald E. Stephens Convention Center, formerly known as the Rosemont Convention Center, is a convention center located in Rosemont, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.	Donald E. Stephens Convention Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	4ZZZ (pronounced ``Four Triple Zed'' or simply ``Triple Zed'') is an independent community radio station operating in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, at the frequency 102.1 FM.	4ZZZ	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lantian County (simplified Chinese: 蓝田县; traditional Chinese: 藍田縣; pinyin: Lántián Xiàn) is under the administration of Xi'an, the capital of Shaanxi province, China.	Lantian County	Xi'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunkirk Light, also known as Point Gratiot Light, is an active lighthouse located at Point Gratiot on Lake Erie in New York state.	Dunkirk Light	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linville Falls is a waterfall located in the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina in the United States.	Linville Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cathedral School, Llandaff is a coeducational independent day school located in Llandaff, a district north of the Welsh capital Cardiff.	The Cathedral School, Llandaff	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wałbrzych County (Polish: powiat wałbrzyski german: Waldenburg) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Wałbrzych County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Comrat (Romanian pronunciation: (komˈrat); Gagauz: Komrat, Romanian: Comrat, Russian: Комрат) is a city in Moldova and the capital of the autonomous region of Gagauzia.	Comrat	Gagauzia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowsud District (Persian: بخش نوسود‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nowsud District	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daknamstadion is a football stadium in the village Daknam, municipality Lokeren (Belgium).	Daknamstadion	Lokeren
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamandaré is a coastal municipality located roughly 103 km (64 mi) south of Recife, the capital city of the Brazilian state of Pernambuco.	Tamandaré	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bigaman (Persian: بيگمان‎, also Romanized as Bīgamān) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bigaman	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brańsk (braɲsk) (Ukrainian: Бранськ or Брянськ, Brans’k or Brians’k) is an Urban Gmina (Polish: gmina miejska) (Town) in Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship.	Brańsk	Bielsk County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clifton Merriman Post Office Building, also known as the U.S. Post Office-Central Square is an historic post office at 770 Massachusetts Avenue within Central Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.	Clifton Merriman Post Office Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peoples Bank Field, formerly known as Cook Field, is a sport stadium in Ottawa, Kansas.	Peoples Bank Field	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rocking Chair Ranche was a ranch located at North Elm Creek in Collingsworth County, Texas from 1883 until October 11, 1896.	Rocking Chair Ranche	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Commerce Court is a complex of four office buildings on King and Bay Streets in the financial district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, The primary tenant is the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC).	Commerce Court	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chardstock is a village and civil parish located on the eastern border of Devon, England off the A358 road between Chard and Axminster.	Chardstock	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greensburg Jeannette Regional Airport (FAA LID: 5G8) is a privately owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Jeannette, a city in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Greensburg Jeannette Regional Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Mary's Central High School is an accredited Catholic high school located in Bismarck, North Dakota, United States.	St. Mary's Central High School	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abersee is a name given to the a western end of the Wolfgangsee, a lake in Austria that lies mostly within the state of Salzburg and which is one of the best known lakes in the Salzkammergut resort region.	Abersee	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warrington Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house on PA 74 in Wellsville, Warrington Township, York County, Pennsylvania.	Warrington Meetinghouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janvareh-ye Khvarag (Persian: جانوره خوارگ‎, also Romanized as Jānvareh-ye Khvārag) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Janvareh-ye Khvarag	Gol-e Cheydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Challacombe is a small village on the edge of the Exmoor National Park, in Devon, England.	Challacombe	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masów (ˈmasuf) (German Massow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubniany, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Masów	Gmina Łubniany
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Modoc National Forest is a 1,654,392-acre (6,695 km2) national forest in northeastern California.	Modoc National Forest	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Mary Lake is the second largest lake in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana.	Saint Mary Lake	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Agnes Tea House is a small, rustic tea house situated on the eastern shores of Lake Agnes in Alberta at an elevation of 2,135 meters (7,005 feet).	Lake Agnes Tea House	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Former New York Life Insurance Company Building, also known as the Clock Tower Building, is an office building located at 346 Broadway (with a secondary address of 108 Leonard Street) between Catherine Lane and Leonard Street, in Manhattan, New York City.	Former New York Life Insurance Company Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadlands is an English country house, located in the civil parish of Romsey Extra, near the town of Romsey in the Test Valley district of Hampshire, England.	Broadlands	Test Valley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cross City Tunnel is a 2.1 km-long twin-tunnel tollway located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, which is operated by Transurban.	Cross City Tunnel	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archignac (Archinhac in Occitan) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Archignac	Dordogne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cheoah Dam is a hydroelectric complex located in Graham and Swain counties, North Carolina on the Little Tennessee River between river miles 51 and 52.	Cheoah Dam	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jantoniów (janˈtɔɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Jantoniów	Gmina Klimontów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plashbourne Estate is a historic estate located in the Lawrence Park West section of Yonkers, Westchester County, New York.	Plashbourne Estate	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac des Salhiens is a lake located in Lozère, France, on the Aubrac plateau.	Lac des Salhiens	Lozère
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sanseer Mill is a historic 19th-century mill at 282 Main Street Extension in Middletown, Connecticut.	Sanseer Mill	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandyford (Irish: Áth an Ghainimh) is a suburb of Dublin, located in Dún Laoghaire-- Rathdown county, Ireland.	Sandyford	Dún Laoghaire-- Rathdown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Łańcuchowska (ˈvulka waɲt͡suˈxɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Łańcuchowska	Gmina Milejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Bogusze (ˈstarɛ bɔˈɡuʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Bogusze	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sonoma Mountains are a northwest-southeast trending mountain range of the Inner Coast Ranges in the California Coast Ranges System, located in Sonoma County, Northern California.	Sonoma Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vashnam-e Shahdad (Persian: وشنام شهداد‎, also Romanized as Vashnām-e Shahdād) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Vashnam-e Shahdad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horgan Rural District (Persian: دهستان هرگان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Horgan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadio Samuel León Brindis is a stadium in Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas, Mexico, used primarily for American football.	Estadio Samuel León Brindis	Tuxtla Gutiérrez
located in the administrative territorial entity	The municipality of Perondi was the biggest one of the former Kuçovë District.	Perondi	Kuçovë District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh-ye Zohurian (Persian: تپه ظهوريان‎, also Romanized as Tappeh-ye Zohūrīān; also known as Tappeh-ye Zhohūrīyān) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tappeh-ye Zohurian	Sheykh Musa Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pay Taq (Persian: پاي طاق‎, also Romanized as Pāy Ţāq; also known as Pā-ye Takht and Pa yi Takht) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pay Taq	Hanza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cleveland Buddhist Temple is a Pure Land (Jodo Shinshu) and Zen Buddhist center in Euclid, Ohio.	Cleveland Buddhist Temple	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muthunoor also known as Muthunur is a village in Velgatoor mandal in the Karimnagar District, Telangana, India.	Muthunur	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vardanidzor (Armenian: Վարդանիձոր) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Vardanidzor	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Dell (Scottish Gaelic: Dail bho Thuath) is a village on the Isle of Lewis in the community of Ness, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	North Dell	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elwood Talmud Torah Hebrew Congregation (Heb.: ק``ק בית אברהם), also known as Elwood Synagogue or Elwood Shule, is a historically significant Orthodox synagogue located in the Melbourne suburb of Elwood, Victoria, Australia.	Elwood Talmud Torah Hebrew Congregation	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dallas World Aquarium is a for-profit aquarium and zoo located in the West End Historic District of downtown Dallas, Texas, USA.	Dallas World Aquarium	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manavgat is a town and district of the Antalya Province in Turkey, 72 km (45 mi) from the city of Antalya.	Manavgat	Antalya Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith River National Recreation Area is located northwestern California, United States.	Smith River National Recreation Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jericho School is a historic one-room school building located at Ruther Glen, Caroline County, Virginia.	Jericho School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lou Henry Hoover House or, very rarely, Lou Henry and Herbert Hoover House, located on the campus of Stanford University in Stanford, California, USA, is the former house of Herbert Hoover, 31st President of the United States, and his wife Lou Henry Hoover, who designed it.	Lou Henry Hoover House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuyserkan County (Persian: شهرستان تویسرکان‎) is a county in Hamadan Province in Iran.	Tuyserkan County	Hamadan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narapani is a market center in Sandhikharka Municipality of Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.	Narapani	Arghakhanchi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vallelunga Pratameno (Sicilian: Vaddilonga) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Caltanissetta in the Italian region Sicily, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Caltanissetta.	Vallelunga Pratameno	Province of Caltanissetta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwan Tei (Chinese: 軍地) is an area in the New Territories of Hong Kong.	Kwan Tei	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLFF, known on-air as Nash FM 106.5, is a country music FM radio station in Georgetown, South Carolina.	WLFF	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Wolanów (kɔˈlɔɲa vɔˈlanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Wolanów	Gmina Wolanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrustne (ˈxrustnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Chrustne	Gmina Ryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palanques is a small town and municipality located at the northern end of the Ports comarca, province of Castelló, part of the autonomous community of Valencia, Spain.	Palanques	Ports
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKLH (96.5 FM) is a classic rock-formatted radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	WKLH	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grande Bibliothèque is a public library in Downtown Montreal, Quebec.	Grande Bibliothèque	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Fandi (Persian: شيخ فندي‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Fandī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Fandi	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Lamb House, also known as ``My Home,'' is a historic home located at Kenton, Kent County, Delaware.	Thomas Lamb House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo Pubblico (town hall) is a palace in Siena, Tuscany, central Italy.	Palazzo Pubblico	Siena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lanterman House is a bungalow-style historic house museum in La Cañada Flintridge, California on the National Register of Historic Places.	Lanterman House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colonial Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is immediately northwest of Neve Peak.	Colonial Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grove Methodist Church is a Grade II listed Methodist church in the village of Horsforth, Leeds, England.	Grove Methodist Church	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radio 1RPH 1125 kHz Canberra (89.5FM Wagga, 99.5FM Junee) is a volunteer manned AM band radio broadcast station in the Australian Capital Territory serving all of the ACT and surrounding areas of NSW including Queanbeyan, Yass and Michelago, with FM repeaters at Wagga and Junee, and a streaming media on its web site.	1RPH	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Zu ol Faqari (Persian: شهرك ذوالفقاري‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Z̄ū ol Faqārī; also known as Shahrak-e Z̄ū ol Faqār) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Zu ol Faqari	Dasht-e Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zardkhaneh (Persian: زردخانه‎, also Romanized as Zardkhāneh; also known as Zardeh Khāneh) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zardkhaneh	Vargahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muncie Southside High School (SHS) in Muncie, Indiana, was a public high school which had an enrollment of 1,075 during the 2007/2008 school year.	Muncie Southside High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rushen (Manx: Rosien), formerly Kirk Christ Rushen (Manx: Skyll Creest Rosien), is a parish in the sheading of the same name in the Isle of Man.	Rushen	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ertun (Chinese: 二屯镇) is a town in Decheng District, Dezhou, in northwestern Shandong province, China.	Ertun	Decheng District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrell Prairie Botanical Area or Harrell Prairie Hill is a 160-acre (65 ha) tallgrass prairie nature preserve located within Bienville National Forest near Forest, Mississippi.	Harrell Prairie Botanical Area	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żbiki-Kierzki (ˈʐbiki ˈkʲɛʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żbiki-Kierzki	Przasnysz County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamonby is an agricultural hamlet in the Eden District, in the county of Cumbria, about 2 km from the edge of the Lake District National Park.	Lamonby	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urszulewo (urʂuˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Urszulewo	Gmina Skrwilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shabkhus Pahlu (Persian: شبخوس پهلو‎, also Romanized as Shabkhūs Pahlū) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shabkhus Pahlu	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Navy Yard (WNY) is the former shipyard and ordnance plant of the United States Navy in Southeast Washington, D.C. It is the oldest shore establishment of the U.S. Navy.	Washington Navy Yard	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Lambrook is a village situated in the civil parish of Kingsbury Episcopi within the South Somerset district of Somerset East Lambrook Manor is a small 15th-century manor house.	East Lambrook	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXPK, ``Radio Tri-Color'', is a regional Mexican radio station serving the Denver-Boulder area of Colorado, USA.	KXPK	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbas Ali Khani (Persian: عباسعلي خاني‎, also Romanized as ʿAbbās ʿAlī Khānī) is a village in Kakan Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Abbas Ali Khani	Kakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh Lam (Persian: بنه لم‎) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh Lam	Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kargartan (Persian: كرگرتان‎, also Romanized as Kargartān; also known as Karkartān and Kūrtān) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kargartan	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Edison National Historical Park preserves Thomas Edison's laboratory and residence, Glenmont, in Llewellyn Park in West Orange in Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Thomas Edison National Historical Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxen End is a hamlet on the B1057 road, in the Uttlesford District, in the English county of Essex.	Oxen End	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyn Kandi (Persian: حسين كندي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Kandī) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Kandi	Vargahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Mir Hasani (Persian: چشمه ميرحسني‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mīr Ḩasanī) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Mir Hasani	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadła (ˈstadwa) (before 1964 Stadło, German: Stadlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podegrodzie, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Stadła	Gmina Podegrodzie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberlour (Scottish Gaelic: Obar Lobhair), is the name of a town in Moray, Scotland, 12 miles (20 km) south of Elgin on the road to Grantown.	Aberlour	Moray
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javangan (Persian: جونگان‎, also Romanized as Javangān; also known as Chavangān and Gemengān) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Javangan	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Turebska (ˈvulka tuˈrɛpska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaleszany, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wólka Turebska	Gmina Zaleszany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kathua district is one of 22 administrative districts that comprise the state of Jammu and Kashmir under Indian rule.	Kathua district	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salman Farsi Garrison (Persian: پادگان سلمان فارسي‎ -- Pādegān-e Salmān Fārsī) is a village and garrison in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Salman Farsi Garrison	Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanwick St John is a village, civil parish, former manor and ecclesiastical parish in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, (formerly ``North Riding'' of Yorkshire), England.	Stanwick St John	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trump World's Fair at Trump Plaza was a hotel and casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey that occupied 280 feet of the Atlantic City boardwalk and was 21 floors in height.	Trump World's Fair	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Georgia Dome is a domed stadium located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, between downtown to the east and Vine City to the west.	Georgia Dome	Atlanta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Morne-Vert is a village and commune in the French overseas department of Martinique.	Le Morne-Vert	Martinique
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodham High School was a secondary school located in Pensacola, Florida.	Woodham High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jesse Helms Center, located in Wingate, North Carolina and named for its founder, U.S. Senator Jesse Helms, is a repository of Helms' papers, letters, speeches, transcripts of his televised editorials for WRAL-TV, books of faith, and a replica of his Senate desk and office.	Jesse Helms Center	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaralar-e Tasuji (Persian: قرالرطسوجي‎, also Romanized as Qarālar-e Ţasūjī; also known as Qarehlar) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qaralar-e Tasuji	Nazluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fishponds is an outer urban area in the north-east of the English city of Bristol.	Fishponds	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Gantheaume Conservation Park is a protected area located on Kangaroo Island, South Australia.	Cape Gantheaume Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo dell'Antella is a palace with a frescoed façade located on Piazza Santa Croce, Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Palazzo dell'Antella	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dartmouth Range is a mountain range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States.	Dartmouth Range	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Sabz (Persian: تپه سبز‎) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh Sabz	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jutrijp (West Frisian: Jutryp) is a small village in Súdwest-Fryslân in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Jutrijp	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Virginia Mountains is an irregular mountain range entirely in Washoe County, Nevada, that generally extends north-northwest to south-southeast for 22 miles (35 km).	Virginia Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomulin (ɡɔˈmulin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gomulin	Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavzalak (Persian: گوزلك‎, also Romanized as Gāvzalak; also known as Gāzīvalak and Gāzīvlak) is a village in Shalil Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Gavzalak	Shalil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Junga is a tehsil in the Shimla district of Himachal Pradesh, India.	Junga	Shimla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Streamstown (Irish: Baile an tSrutháin) is a town in County Westmeath, Ireland.	Streamstown	County Westmeath
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clarence Sondern House is a historic residence located at 3600 Belleview Ave in the Roanoke neighborhood of Kansas City, Missouri.	Clarence Sondern House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkshire Community College is an accredited, co-educational two-year community college in Berkshire County, Massachusetts.	Berkshire Community College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donaldson Center Airport (IATA: GDC, ICAO: KGYH, FAA LID: GYH) is a public airport six miles (10 km) south of the central business district of Greenville, a city in Greenville County, South Carolina, United States.	Donaldson Center Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery Bell Academy (MBA) is a preparatory day school for boys in grades 7 through 12 in Nashville, Tennessee.	Montgomery Bell Academy	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Bridgetown-Greenbushes is a local government area in the South West region of Western Australia, about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southeast of Bunbury and about 260 kilometres (162 mi) south of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Bridgetown-Greenbushes	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavali is a town in Nellore district in Andhra Pradesh of India.	Kavali	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Międzywodzie (mjɛnd͡zɨˈvɔd͡ʑɛ) (German: Heidebrink) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziwnów, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Międzywodzie	Gmina Dziwnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arthur D. Little Inc., Building is a National Historic Landmark at 30 Memorial Drive in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Arthur D. Little Inc., Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Irchelpark is in fact a university campus, and therefore in the possession of the Canton of Zürich.	Irchelpark	Canton of Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gullfjellet (Gold Mountain) (987 meters above sea level), also called Gulfjellet, is the highest mountain in the municipality of Bergen in western Norway.	Gullfjellet	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malafeh (Persian: ملفه‎, also Romanized as Molfeh; also known as Chohesan) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Malafeh	Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City National Grove of Anaheim is an indoor, live music venue in Anaheim, California operated by Nederlander Concerts of Los Angeles.	City National Grove of Anaheim	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Female High School, also known as Public School No. 116, is a historic female high school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Eastern Female High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monroe Middle School, or Monroe Middle, is located at 5105 Bedford Avenue in the Benson community of Omaha, Nebraska.	Monroe Middle School	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pangboche or Panboche is a village in Khumjung VDC of Solukhumbu District, Nepal at an altitude of 13,074 feet (3,985 m).	Pangboche	Solukhumbu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monserrate Palace (Portuguese: Palácio de Monserrate) is an exotic palatial villa located near Sintra, Portugal, the traditional summer resort of the Portuguese court.	Monserrate Palace	Sintra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamazan-e Olya Rural District (Persian: دهستان كمازان عليا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kamazan-e Olya Rural District	Zand District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaleva Temple is a commercial building located on Trimountain Avenue in South Range, Michigan.	Kaleva Temple	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballinahown (Irish: Baile na hAbhann), also spelt Ballynahown, is a village in County Westmeath on the N62 regional road in Ireland.	Ballinahown	County Westmeath
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carlott Funseth Round Barn is a round barn in Kempton, North Dakota, United States, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.	Carlott Funseth Round Barn	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sulphur Spring Range is a mountain range located in east-central Nevada in the United States.	Sulphur Spring Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenter Creek in western Virginia, now known as Potts Creek, was shown on a map of the area drawn by Joshua Fry and Peter Jefferson in 1751 and printed in 1755, and so called in the text of Thomas Jefferson's ``Notes on the State of Virginia'' that he prepared in the 1780s.	Carpenter Creek	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philadelphia's Magic Gardens is a non-profit organization, folk art environment, and gallery space on South Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Philadelphia's Magic Gardens	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William A. Stickel Memorial Bridge is a vertical-lift bridge in New Jersey that crosses the Passaic River, connecting Newark and Harrison as part of Interstate 280.	William A. Stickel Memorial Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelesban (Persian: چلسبان‎, also Romanized as Chelesbān and Chalasbān; also known as Chillis Pān) is a village in Alvir Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Chelesban	Alvir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Berleburg ( , earlier also Berlenburg) is a town, in the district of Siegen-Wittgenstein, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Bad Berleburg	Siegen-Wittgenstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cawood (other names: Carwood) is a large village (formerly a market town) and civil parish in the Selby district of North Yorkshire, England that is notable as the finding-place of the Cawood sword.	Cawood	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy-Dobry Widok (ˈbudɨ ˈdɔbrɨ ˈvidɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Budy-Dobry Widok	Gmina Fałków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bufalini Chapel is a side chapel of the church of Santa Maria in Aracoeli, Rome, Italy.	Bufalini Chapel	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Panza Range is a mountain range in the Central Coast of California region in San Luis Obispo County, east of the small town of Santa Margarita.	La Panza Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Shields Public School is a public school located in Thornhill, Ontario.	Glen Shields Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamal Beyg (Persian: جمال بيگ‎, also Romanized as Jamāl Beyg) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District, Sedeh District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jamal Beyg	Sedeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barryville-New Jersey is an area with enhanced services within the Canadian local service district of the parish of Alnwick in Northumberland County, New Brunswick; it is sometimes erroneously cited as being an LSD in its own right.	Barryville-New Jersey	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bustandar (Persian: بوستاندر‎, also Romanized as Būstāndar; also known as Bostān Dar and Būstāndarreh) is a village in Kamal Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Bustandar	Kamal Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padre Bay is a bay within Lake Powell, on the Colorado River in Kane County and San Juan County, Utah.	Padre Bay	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winterland Ballroom (often referred to as Winterland Arena or simply Winterland) was an ice skating rink and 5,400-seat music venue in San Francisco, California.	Winterland Ballroom	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mule Jail Lake is an oxbow lake located in Rankin County and in Hinds County, Mississippi.	Mule Jail Lake	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Higuera (Spanish: ``The Fig Tree'') is a small village in Bolivia located in the Province of Vallegrande, in the Department of Santa Cruz.	La Higuera	Vallegrande
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barafi (Persian: برفي‎, also Romanized as Barafī) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Barafi	Mamulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goszczanowo (ɡɔʂt͡ʂaˈnɔvɔ) (German: Guscht) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Goszczanowo	Gmina Drezdenko
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMXB (94.1 FM, ``Mix 94.1'') is a commercial radio station broadcasting to the Las Vegas, Nevada area on 94.1 FM.	KMXB	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staszków (ˈstaʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Staszków	Gmina Namysłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amir Ayyub (Persian: اميرايوب‎, also Romanized as Amīr Ayyūb and Amīr ``Ayūb) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 246, in 58 families.	Amir Ayyub	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rangamura is a village situated on the hills of Boromura range in Tripura, India.	Rangamura	Tripura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gibson Southern High School is a public high school located near Fort Branch in Gibson County in the U.S. state of Indiana.	Gibson Southern High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ensley High School, located in the Ensley neighborhood of Birmingham, Alabama (United States), was founded in 1901 to serve the then-independent community of Ensley, which was centered on major plants operated by U.S. Steel and the American Cast Iron Pipe Company.	Ensley High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cactus Range is a small mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.	Cactus Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sasemas (Persian: سسمس‎; also known as Seseh Mes) is a village in Tulem Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sasemas	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treveighan is a village in the parish of Michaelstow, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Treveighan	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Café Hawelka is a traditional Viennese café located at Dorotheergasse 6 in the Innere Stadt, the first district of Vienna, Austria.	Café Hawelka	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manchester, Point and Wabash bridge piers are former bridge piers from three different bridges at different locations in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Manchester, Point and Wabash bridge piers	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavakkolabad-e Ranjabar (Persian: توكل ابادرنجبر‎, also Romanized as Tavakkolābād-e Ranjabar; also known as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tavakkolabad-e Ranjabar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szepietowo-Janówka (ʂɛpjɛˈtɔvɔ jaˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szepietowo-Janówka	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brook Chapel is a historic chapel located at Hillburn in Rockland County, New York, USA.	Brook Chapel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorr Field is a former military airfield, located 12 miles (19 km) southwest of Arcadia, Florida.	Dorr Field	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikandarpur (Urdu: سکندر پور‎) is one of the 44 union councils, administrative subdivisions, of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Sikandarpur	Haripur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cocalico Senior High School is a public secondary school in Denver, Pennsylvania, United States, whose enrollment consists of students in grades 9--12.	Cocalico Senior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	107 Piccadilly is a Grade-II listed building on Lena Street in Manchester, England.	107 Piccadilly	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westmount Shopping Centre or also referred to as Westmount Mall is a shopping centre located in London, Ontario.	Westmount Mall	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parnell Knob is a mountain in the Ridge and Valley Appalachians region of south central Pennsylvania.	Parnell Knob	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Francis Health Center (SFMC) is a not-for-profit hospital in Topeka, Kansas, USA.	St. Francis Health Center	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry M. Sage Estate, also known as ``Fernbrook,'' is a historic estate home located at Menands in Albany County, New York.	Henry M. Sage Estate	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAVL (AM 910) is an American radio station serving the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area.	WAVL	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cougar Mountain Zoo is a zoological garden located in Issaquah, Washington, on the north slope of Cougar Mountain.	Cougar Mountain Zoo	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longkou, a county-level city, is administered by the prefecture-level city of Yantai.	Longkou	Yantai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bloomingdale School District is a comprehensive public school district serving students in Kindergarten through 8th grade from Bloomingdale, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	Bloomingdale School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chocicza Mała (xɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂa ˈmawa) (German: Klein Gottschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chocicza Mała	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gov. William H. Ross House, also known as The Ross Mansion, is a historic home located near Seaford, Sussex County, Delaware.	Gov. William H. Ross House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tlmače (Hungarian: Garamtomács) is a town and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Tlmače	Levice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grapevine Mills is a diverse-scale (outlet) shopping mall in Grapevine, Texas, in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.	Grapevine Mills	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mattani (Urdu: متنی‎) is located near Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Mattani	Peshawar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boguszów-Gorce (bɔˈɡuʂuf ˈɡɔrt͡sɛ) (German: Gottesberg-Rothenbach) is a town in Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Boguszów-Gorce	Wałbrzych County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dodangeh-ye Bozorg (Persian: دودانگه بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Dodāngeh-ye Bozorg, Do Dāngeh Bozorg, Do Dāngeh-ye Bozorg, and Dow Dāngeh-ye Bozorg) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dodangeh-ye Bozorg	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andover Elementary School is a small, public elementary school in Andover, Maine.	Andover Elementary School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John M. Annis House is an American registered historic building, located in North Royalton, Ohio.	John M. Annis House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bald Peak is a mountain top and highest point in the Chehalem Mountains in the Northwest area of the U.S. state of Oregon.	Bald Peak	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Circle Interchange (officially the Jane Byrne Interchange) is an expressway interchange near downtown Chicago, Illinois.	Jane Byrne Interchange	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McCue Center, located in Charlottesville, Virginia, is one of the central athletic buildings at the University of Virginia.	McCue Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joliet Junior College (JJC), a community college based in Joliet, Illinois, is the first public community college founded in the United States.	Joliet Junior College	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Founded by the Palestinian National Authority in the late 1990s, Tel al-Hawa is one of the more affluent areas of the city.	Tel al-Hawa	Palestinian National Authority
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Turettas (2,963 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Ortler Alps, overlooking Fuldera in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Turettas	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Ojaq (Persian: شاه اجاق‎, also Romanized as Shāh Ojāq) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shah Ojaq	Garmkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acciano is a comune in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Acciano	Province of L'Aquila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krishnarajasagara(Kannada: ಕೃಷ್ಣರಾಜಸಾಗರ) is a town in Mandya district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Krishnarajasagara	Mandya district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brantley Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located approximately 12 miles (19 km) north of Carlsbad.	Brantley Lake State Park	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Gyle railway station is a railway station serving South Gyle in the City of Edinburgh, Scotland.	South Gyle railway station	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huacheng (simplified Chinese: 华城; traditional Chinese: 華城; pinyin: Huáchéng) is a town of Wuhua County, in northeastern Guangdong province, China.	Huacheng	Wuhua County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernacki Most (bɛrˈnat͡ski ˈmɔst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Bernacki Most	Gmina Narewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deep Creek Conservation Park is a protected area consisting of about 45 square kilometres (17 sq mi) of natural Australian bush land located on the southern coast of Fleurieu Peninsula in South Australia, 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) east of Cape Jervis.	Deep Creek Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Qeshlaq (Persian: حسن قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Qeshlāq; also known as Hasan Gheshlagh, Ḩasan Qeshlāqī, and Hasan Qishlāqi) is a village in Deymkaran Rural District, Salehabad District, Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hasan Qeshlaq	Deymkaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marambo is a rural settlement in Nachingwea District, of Lindi Region in Tanzania.	Marambo	Nachingwea District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wexham is a civil parish in the county of Buckinghamshire in southern England.	Wexham	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernic Lake is a lake in the eastern part of the province of Manitoba, Canada.	Bernic Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wehrshausen is a Stadtteil of Marburg in Hesse, Germany.	Wehrshausen	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landrake (Cornish: Lannergh) is a village in southeast Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Landrake	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atanquez or San Sebastian is a Colombian town and corregimiento of Valledupar in the Department of Cesar.	Atanquez	Valledupar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamdar Deh (Persian: علمدارده‎, also Romanized as ``Alamdār Deh) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 122, in 43 families.	Alamdar Deh	Tangeh Soleyman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wesoła (Polish pronunciation: (vɛˈsɔwa)) is one of the districts of Warsaw, and has been since October 27, 2002.	Wesoła	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karim Koshteh (Persian: كريم كشته‎, also Romanized as Karīm Koshteh) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Karim Koshteh	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Anar-e Sofla (Persian: تنگ انارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Anār-e Soflá) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Anar-e Sofla	Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heiligenhaus (German pronunciation: (ˈhaɪ̯lɪɡənhaʊ̯s)) is a town in the district of Mettmann, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, in the suburban Rhine-Ruhr area.	Heiligenhaus	Mettmann
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radzyń-Wybudowanie (ˈrad͡zɨɲ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Radzyń-Wybudowanie	Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamin Konar (Persian: زمين كنار‎, also Romanized as Zamīn Konār) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zamin Konar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burakah (Persian: بوركه‎, also Romanized as Būrakah) is a village in Agahan Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Burakah	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emmermeer is a suburb in the city of Emmen in Drenthe, the Netherlands.	Emmermeer	Emmen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The current Box Elder Stake Tabernacle, also known as the Brigham City Tabernacle, is a neo-Gothic tabernacle of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints rebuilt in Brigham City, Box Elder County, Utah by Mormon pioneers in 1897 after being gutted by fire a year earlier.	Box Elder Stake Tabernacle	Brigham City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sneem (Irish: An tSnaidhm) is a village situated on the Iveragh Peninsula (part of the Ring of Kerry) in County Kerry in the southwest of Ireland.	Sneem	County Kerry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dun Mor Vaul (or simply Dun Mor; Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Mòr) is an iron-age broch located on the north coast of the island of Tiree, in Scotland.	Dun Mor Vaul	Tiree
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanvadi (Sadashivgad) is a census town in Satara district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Vanvadi (Sadashivgad)	Satara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Drewniana-Kolonia (ˈxuta drɛvˈɲana kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Huta Drewniana-Kolonia	Gmina Kobiele Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue de Seine is one of the most sought after streets in Paris due to its history and very close proximity to the Louvre and other famous Parisian landmarks.	Rue de Seine	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumpinee Boxing Stadium (Thai: สนามเวทีมวยลุมพินี) is an indoor sporting arena located in Bangkok, Thailand.	Lumpinee Boxing Stadium	Bangkok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osensjøen or Ossjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Åmot and Trysil in Hedmark County, Norway.	Osensjøen	Åmot	Trysil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podoryszew (pɔdɔˈrɨʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podoryszew	Gmina Wiskitki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koniecbór (kɔˈɲet͡sbur) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koniecbór	Gmina Raczki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bondleigh is a village and civil parish in the West Devon district of Devon, England, on the River Taw, north of North Tawton.	Bondleigh	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYWY (950 AM) is a radio station licensed to Barbourville, Kentucky, USA.	WYWY	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunupur is a sub-divisional headquarter of Rayagada district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Gunupur	Rayagada district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobreniczki (dɔbrɛˈnit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dobreniczki	Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hofje van Staats is a hofje in Haarlem, Netherlands, on the Jansweg 39, close to the Haarlem railway station.	Hofje van Staats	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fagerstrand is a village in the municipality of Nesodden, in the county of Akershus, in the country of Norway.	Fagerstrand	Nesodden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herceg Novi (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Херцег Нови; pronounced (xěrtseɡ nôʋiː)) is a coastal town in Montenegro located at the entrance to the Bay of Kotor and at the foot of Mount Orjen.	Herceg Novi	Montenegro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leopoldstadt (Bavarian: Leopoidstod, ``Leopold-Town'') is the 2nd municipal District of Vienna (German: 2. Bezirk).	Leopoldstadt	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parc de Bercy is a public park located along the right bank of the Seine in the 12th arrondissement of Paris.	Parc de Bercy	12th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koru Uppalapadu (or K.Uppalapadu) is a village in Kondapi mandal, located in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Koru Uppalapadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trpík (German: Türpes) is a village and municipality (obec) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Trpík	Ústí nad Orlicí District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arvon Township Hall is a public building located on Park Road in Skanee, Michigan.	Arvon Township Hall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yong'an is located in west-central Sanming City, located approximately 290 km (180 miles) west of Fuzhou, the provincial capital.	Yong'an	Sanming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Grange Mine is a former mine located in Trinity County, California.	La Grange Mine	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wakułowicze (vakuwɔˈvʲit͡ʂɛ) (Ukrainian: Вакуловичі, Vakulovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Wakułowicze	Gmina Nurzec-Stacja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jastkowice (jastkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Jastkowice	Gmina Pysznica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curcuris (Sardinian: Crucùris) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southeast of Oristano.	Curcuris	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pier Six Pavilion is a music venue at 731 Eastern Avenue, Baltimore, Maryland at the Inner Harbor.	Pier Six Pavilion	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trevone (Cornish: Treavon, meaning river farm) is a seaside village and bay (Cornish: Porth Musyn, meaning Musun cove) near Padstow in Cornwall, England, UK.	Trevone	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weesp (Dutch pronunciation: (ʋeːsp)) is a town and a municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Weesp	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żywiec County (Polish: powiat żywiecki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, on the Slovak border.	Żywiec County	Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Pass Range is a mountain range in Lander and Churchill counties of Nevada.	New Pass Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostreša (Serbian: Костреша) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kostreša	Pale
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Division of Kalgoorlie was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Western Australia, named after the city of Kalgoorlie.	Division of Kalgoorlie	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pohitullin palloiluhalli is an indoor basketball sporting arena that is located in Uusikaupunki.	Pohitullin palloiluhalli	Uusikaupunki
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Ligua (Spanish pronunciation: (la ˈliɣwa)) is a Chilean city and commune, capital of the Petorca Province in Valparaíso Region.	La Ligua	Petorca Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cao Lãnh (Vietnamese: (kaːw˧ lan˧˨˧)) is the capital city of Đồng Tháp Province, Vietnam.	Cao Lãnh	Đồng Tháp
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çatalzeytin is a town and district of the Kastamonu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Çatalzeytin	Kastamonu Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmuei (Persian: مهموئی‎) is a village in Shakhenât rural subdistrict, Central district of Birjand in South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mahmuei	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mukhathala is a small town and block panchayat in Kollam district of Kerala, India.	Mukhathala	Kollam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Debir Shadab (Persian: دبيرشاداب‎, also Romanized as Debīr Shādāb) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Debir Shadab	Hamaijan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starzenice (staʐɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Starzenice	Gmina Wieluń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilaklu (Persian: گيلكلو‎, also Romanized as Gīlaklū; also known as Galgali and Gol Golī) is a village in Lak Rural District, Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gilaklu	Lak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pisarzowce (pisaˈʐɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Pisarzowce	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kord Khil-e Valam (Persian: كردخيل ولم‎, also Romanized as Kord Khīl-e Valam; also known as Kord Khīl) is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kord Khil-e Valam	Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stirling and Falkirk is a lieutenancy area of Scotland.	Stirling and Falkirk	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jaguaribe River is a highly seasonal river in Ceará state of northeastern Brazil.	Jaguaribe River	Ceará
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jining (simplified Chinese: 济宁; traditional Chinese: 濟寧; pinyin: Jǐníng) is a prefecture-level city in southwestern Shandong province.	Jining	Shandong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meghma (2600 m) is a small hamlet inside the Singalila National Park in the Darjeeling subdivision, Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal in India near the India - Nepal border, and lies on the Sandakphu trek.	Meghma	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Barik-e Jonubi (Persian: اب باريك جنوبي‎, also Romanized as Āb Bārīk-e Jonūbī; also known as Āb Bārīk and Āb-e Bārīk) is a village in Hojr Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ab Barik-e Jonubi	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gatke Hall is the second-oldest building at Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, United States.	Gatke Hall	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarpavaram is a village in Kakinada Rural mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh State.	Sarpavaram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konopki-Białystok (kɔˈnɔpki bjaˈwɨstɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Konopki-Białystok	Gmina Grabowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Irondequoit Central School District is a public school district in New York State that serves approximately 3,600 students in the eastern half of the town of Irondequoit in Monroe County.	East Irondequoit Central School District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Proto-Cathedral of St. James the Greater (formerly St. James Catholic Church) is a church building and parish of the Catholic Church located in Vancouver, Washington, United States.	Proto-Cathedral of St. James the Greater	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Antônio do Retiro is a city in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.	Santo Antônio do Retiro	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kudkhoshk (Persian: كودخشك‎, also Romanized as Kūdkhoshk) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kudkhoshk	Hanza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Corrigan House (also known as Nagirroc, which is Corrigan spelled backwards) is a historic home in Sarasota, Florida.	Corrigan House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Przybojewo (ˈstarɛ pʂɨbɔˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Przybojewo	Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilmarnock (Scottish Gaelic: Cille Mheàrnaig, ``Meàrnag's church'') is a large burgh in East Ayrshire, Scotland with a population of 46,350, making it the 15th most populated place in Scotland and the second largest town in Ayrshire.	Kilmarnock	East Ayrshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Two Bayou Methodist Church and Cemetery are a historic church and cemetery in rural Ouachita County, Arkansas, near the county seat of Camden.	Two Bayou Methodist Church and Cemetery	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRML (1410 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve Carmel, California.	KRML	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molson Canadian Amphitheatre (commonly called Molson Amphitheatre) is a semi-enclosed outdoor concert venue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Molson Canadian Amphitheatre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Synchrotron Light Source (NSLS) at Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) in Upton, New York is a national user research facility funded by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE).	National Synchrotron Light Source	Upton, New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horbów-Kolonia (ˈxɔrbuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Horbów-Kolonia	Gmina Zalesie
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCHL is an Urban Gospel radio station based in San Antonio, Texas and broadcast on 1480 AM.	KCHL	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rupite (Bulgarian: Рупите, pronounced (ˈrupite)) is a village which includes a small mountainous protected area in the southeastern part Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria, 10-12 kilometres northeast of Petrich, inside Petrich Municipality, on the right bank of the Struma River.	Rupite	Petrich Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smithton Airport (IATA: SIO, ICAO: YSMI) is a small Australian regional airport located 2 NM (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) west the town of Smithton in Tasmania's north-west.	Smithton Airport	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damianów (daˈmjanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Damianów	Gmina Trojanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monroe State Bank Building, located in Monroe, Oregon, is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Monroe State Bank Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cobdogla is a town in the Riverland region of South Australia, The town is on the Murray River, 232 kilometres (144 mi) north-east of the state capital, Adelaide.	Cobdogla	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pattada (Sardinian: Patàda, Pathàda) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region of Sardinia, located about 150 kilometres (93 mi) north of Cagliari and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southeast of Sassari.	Pattada	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haraiki is a small atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia.	Haraiki	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mondrian, designed by famed Dallas architect Thomas Brink, is a 20-story high-rise located at 3000 Blackburn Street in the Cityplace neighborhood of Oak Lawn, Dallas, Texas (USA).	The Mondrian	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parsebil (Persian: پرسبيل‎, also Romanized as Parsebīl; also known as Parehsevelli) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Parsebil	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bodie Hills are a low mountain range in Mono County, California, is where the mining district and town of Bodie, California is located.	Bodie Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Baba Ganjeh (Persian: تازه كندباباگنجه‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Bābā Ganjeh) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Baba Ganjeh	Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medicine Rocks State Park is a park owned by the state of Montana in the United States.	Medicine Rocks State Park	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumberland Mall, located in the Cumberland district of Metropolitan Atlanta near the suburbs of Smyrna and Vinings, opened on August 8, 1973 and was the largest mall in Georgia, United States, when it first opened.	Cumberland Mall	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grandstand is a natural rock monolith located near the northerly end of Racetrack Playa, north of Death Valley in the Cottonwood Mountains of Death Valley National Park, in Inyo County, California.	The Grandstand	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Medici Fountain (fr: La fontaine Médicis) is a monumental fountain in the Jardin du Luxembourg in the 6th arrondissement in Paris.	Medici Fountain	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gibraltar Rock State Natural Area is a natural area in southern Wisconsin, United States, which is 68 acres (28 ha) in size, and is located along the 1,000-mile (1,600 km) long Ice Age Trail.	Gibraltar Rock State Natural Area	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pará (Portuguese pronunciation: (paˈɾa)) is a state in northern Brazil traversed by the lower Amazon River.	Pará	Brazil
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fairmount Water Works in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania was Philadelphia's second municipal waterworks.	Fairmount Water Works	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	FareStart is a non-profit, social entrepreneurial organization in Seattle, Washington, USA, that operates a job placement and training program benefiting homeless and disadvantaged men, women, and youth.	FareStart	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Klemme Community School and Klemme School District served students in the town of Klemme, Iowa and the surrounding rural area for almost a century.	Klemme Community School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marœuil (or Maroeuil) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Marœuil	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wołczyno (vɔu̯ˈt͡ʂɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wołczyno	Gmina Gryfice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karat Si (Persian: كرات سي‎, also Romanized as Karāt Sī) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Karat Si	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brydekirk (Scottish Gaelic: Eaglais Bhride) is a village in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland located approximately 2.5 miles north of Annan.	Brydekirk	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keyport Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Keyport, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Keyport Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amir Dizaj (Persian: اميرديزج‎, also Romanized as Amīr Dīzaj and Amīrdīzaj; also known as Ālā Kūzeh and Ālāgūzeh) is a village in Qebleh Daghi Rural District, Howmeh District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Amir Dizaj	Qebleh Daghi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolegna del Collio (Slovene: Dolenje) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Gorizia in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Gorizia, on the border with Slovenia.	Dolegna del Collio	Province of Gorizia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carolina Theatre is a performing arts and cinema complex in downtown Durham, North Carolina.	Carolina Theatre	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chachoharis a village in Mansa district of East Punjab.	Chachohar	Mansa district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyes Peak (also known as ``Goblin Peak'') is a mountain peak in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness in Washington, United States.	Kyes Peak	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Russellville Regional Airport (ICAO: KRUE, FAA LID: RUE) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) southeast of the central business district of Russellville, a city in Pope County, Arkansas, United States.	Russellville Regional Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madigan Army Medical Center, located on Joint Base Lewis-McChord just outside Lakewood, Washington, is a key component of the Madigan Healthcare System and one of the largest military hospitals on the West Coast of the USA.	Madigan Army Medical Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stambourne is a village and civil parish in the Braintree District in north Essex, England.	Stambourne	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Speedway Field has its beginning on December 11, 1919, when the Adjutant General recommended to civic groups of Minneapolis and Saint Paul in the U.S. state of Minnesota that the site of the former bankrupted Twin City Motor Speedway be acquired for a new airfield.	Speedway Field	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miss Worcester Diner or Worcester Lunch Car # 812 is a historic diner at 302 Southbridge Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Miss Worcester Diner	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przybyszyn (pʂɨˈbɨʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Przybyszyn	Gmina Ciechanowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dul Kabud-e Khvoshadul (Persian: دول كبودخوشادول‎, also Romanized as Dūl Kabūd-e Khvoshādūl) is a village in Shuhan Rural District, in the Central District of Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Dul Kabud-e Khvoshadul	Shuhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Malinowo (ˈnɔvɛ maliˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Malinowo	Gmina Czerwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Katonah-Lewisboro Union Free School District, or simply the Katonah-Lewisboro School District (KLSD) is a school district headquartered in South Salem, New York.	Katonah-Lewisboro School District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niebocko (ɲeˈbɔt͡skɔ) (Ukrainian: Небіцько, Nebits’ko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Niebocko	Gmina Dydnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mundiyampakkam (Tamil: முண்டியம்பாக்கம்) is a suburb of Villupuram in Tamil Nadu.	Mundiyampakkam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legend Rock Petroglyph Site is located in Hot Springs County, Wyoming, 20 miles northwest of Hot Springs State Park (which is located in Thermopolis, Wyoming).	Legend Rock	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Aldea de San Nicolás is the westernmost municipality of the island of Gran Canaria in the Las Palmas province of the Canary Islands.	La Aldea de San Nicolás	Gran Canaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czadrów (ˈt͡ʂadruf) (German: Ober Zieder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra, within Kamienna Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czadrów	Gmina Kamienna Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	PAREF Southridge School, or simply Southridge, is a private school for boys located in Muntinlupa City, Metro Manila, Philippines.	PAREF Southridge School	Muntinlupa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirilovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Мириловићи) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mirilovići	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Oleszyce (ˈstarɛ ɔlɛˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Старі Олешичі, Stari Oleshychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleszyce, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Stare Oleszyce	Gmina Oleszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	CNL Center City Commons is a complex of buildings in Downtown Orlando.	CNL Center City Commons	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dezh Gah Rural District (Persian: دهستان دژگاه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Dehram District, Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dezh Gah Rural District	Dehram District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sports Ground, Stompond Lane (also called Stompond Lane Sports Ground, but often just shortened to Stompond Lane) is a stadium located in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey.	The Sports Ground, Stompond Lane	Walton-on-Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Taq-e Pain (Persian: چهارطاق پائين‎, also Romanized as Chahār Ţāq-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kohanabad Rural District, Kohanabad District, Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Chahar Taq-e Pain	Kohanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izadkhvast (Persian: ايزدخواست‎, also Romanized as Īzadkhvāst and Īzad Khvast; also known as Īzad Khast, Yazd-e Khāst, Yazd-e Khvāst, and Yezd-i-Khast; also known as Samīrum) is a city in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Izadkhvast	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piquette Avenue Industrial Historic District is a historic district located along Piquette Street in Detroit, Michigan, from Woodward Avenue on the west to Hastings Street on the east.	Piquette Avenue Industrial Historic District	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chayanta Municipality is the second municipal section of the Rafael Bustillo Province in the Bolivian Potosí Department.	Chayanta Municipality	Rafael Bustillo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John and Eliza Barr Patterson House is a private house located at 6205 N. Ridge Road in Canton, Michigan, United States.	John and Eliza Barr Patterson House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arsenal Center for the Arts is a community arts center located in Watertown, Massachusetts, USA, on the former property of the Watertown Arsenal.	Arsenal Center for the Arts	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahnuj-e Shahrokhi (Persian: كهنوج شاهرخي‎, also Romanized as Kahnūj-e Shāhrokhī) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahnuj-e Shahrokhi	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Eslamabad (Persian: دهنواسلام اباد‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Eslāmābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Eslamabad	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wayne County Building is a lowrise government structure located at 600 Randolph Street in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Wayne County Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heybatollah (Persian: هيبت اله‎, also Romanized as Heybatollāh; also known as Haibatullah) is a village in Gavrud Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Heybatollah	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aléria shares the canton of Moïta-Verde with 13 other communes:	Aléria	canton of Moïta-Verde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llyn Cwm Llwch is a small lake or pool in the Brecon Beacons National Park in Powys, Wales.	Llyn Cwm Llwch	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Šumadija District (Serbian: Шумадијски округ / Šumadijski okrug) is a district of Serbia located in the central part of the country.	Šumadija District	Serbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pentagon City is an unincorporated neighborhood (also called an ``urban village'') located in the southeast portion of Arlington County, Virginia, near The Pentagon and Arlington National Cemetery.	Pentagon City	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Tomaso in Terramara is a Neoclassical architecture, Roman Catholic church in Milan, Italy.	San Tomaso in Terramara	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cliffords Mesne is a village in Gloucestershire, two miles south-west of the nearest town of Newent.	Cliffords Mesne	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zorinsky Lake Park is a park located at 156th and F streets in West Omaha, Nebraska.	Zorinsky Lake Park	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	McIntosh Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 8D6) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of McIntosh, a city in Corson County, South Dakota, United States.	McIntosh Municipal Airport	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnaby South (French: Burnaby-Sud) is a federal electoral district in British Columbia.	Burnaby South	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middle Fork Kings River is a major tributary of the Kings River in the U.S. state of California.	Middle Fork Kings River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Cain Memorial Reserve, is an Australian soccer ground in Thornbury, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.	John Cain Memorial Reserve	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYDL (100.3 FM, ``Rock 100'') is a radio station licensed to Middleton, Tennessee, US, serving Corinth, Mississippi, with a classic rock format.	WYDL	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Troszczykowo (trɔʂt͡ʂɨˈkɔvɔ) (German: Troszigberg; 1938-45:Trotzigsberg) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Troszczykowo	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skipsea is a village and civil parish on the North Sea coast of the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Skipsea	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vettiyar is a village in the district of Alappuzha, in Kerala, India, on the Mavelikara - Pandalam road.	Vettiyar	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Tappeh (Persian: كلاته تپه‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Tappeh) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Tappeh	Arabkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halibut Point State Park and Halibut Point Reservation are parallel parcels of conserved, oceanside land located on Cape Ann in the town of Rockport, Massachusetts.	Halibut Point State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quartz Gulch was a small gulch on the eastern side of Mount Roberts, about 2.5 miles (4 km) east of Juneau, Alaska.	Quartz Gulch	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steglitz-Zehlendorf is the sixth borough of Berlin, formed in Berlin's 2001 administrative reform by merging the former boroughs of Steglitz and Zehlendorf.	Steglitz-Zehlendorf	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landis Homestead, also known as the Morris Jarrett Farm, is a historic home located near Tylersport in Salford Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Landis Homestead	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vista Transit Center is a station located in Vista, California, served by North County Transit District's SPRINTER light rail line and BREEZE bus line.	Vista Transit Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billiri (or Biliri) is a Local Government Area of Gombe State, Nigeria.	Billiri	Gombe State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conduit Avenue (Conduit Boulevard in Brooklyn) is an arterial road in New York City, the vast majority of which is in Queens.	Conduit Avenue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Campbell Hotel, located in northwest Portland, Oregon, is a historic former residential hotel that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).	Campbell Hotel	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oodnadatta, in the Australian state of South Australia, is a small town surrounded by an area of 7,800 square kilometres (3,000 sq mi) with cattle stations in arid pastoral rangelands close to the Simpson Desert, 1,011 km (628 mi) north of Adelaide and 112 m above sea level.	Oodnadatta	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLWI-FM (92.3 FM, ``I-92'') is a radio station licensed to serve Montgomery, Alabama, USA.	WLWI-FM	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Pine Creek is a stream in Latah and Benewah counties, in the U.S. state of Idaho.	White Pine Creek	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tir Jari (Persian: تيرجاري‎, also Romanized as Tīr Jārī) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tir Jari	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEBT (96.9 FM ``La Caliente 96.9'') is a radio station licensed to Bakersfield, California, USA.	KEBT	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pot River Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, on the regional road R396, between Maclear, Eastern Cape and Barkly East.	Pot River Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębówko Nowe (dɛmˈbufkɔ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białośliwie, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dębówko Nowe	Gmina Białośliwie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strawberry Square is a mixed-use retail and commercial complex located in downtown Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	Strawberry Square	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Sauces (Spanish pronunciation: (los ˈsauses)) is a Chilean town and commune in the Malleco Province, Araucanía Region.	Los Sauces	Malleco Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mierzyno (mjɛˈʐɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mierzyno	Gmina Gniewino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birstein is a municipality on the northeastern edge of the Main-Kinzig-Kreis in Hesse, Germany with approximately 6,600 inhabitants.	Birstein	Main-Kinzig-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cary Village Site (designated 33-MA-6) is an archaeological site in the west-central portion of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Cary Village Site	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Green School, also known as The Green School for Girls, is in an all-girls secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Isleworth, west London, England.	The Green School	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamshir Rural District (Persian: دهستان شمشير‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shamshir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mud Lake Delta Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the North Thompson Country due east of Blue River, 230km from Kamloops on BC Highway 5.	Mud Lake Delta Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birum (Persian: بيروم‎, also Romanized as Bīrūm) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Birum	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Westmeath (/wɛstˈmiːð/ west-MEEDH; Irish: Contae na hIarmhí or simply An Iarmhí) is a county in Ireland.	County Westmeath	Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilathikulam is a Selection grade panchayat town in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vilathikulam	Thoothukudi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edge of the Cedars State Park Museum is a state park and museum of Utah, USA, located in Blanding.	Edge of the Cedars State Park Museum	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brithdir Mawr is an Intentional Community in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Brithdir Mawr	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galu Boraq (Persian: گلوبراق‎, also Romanized as Galū Borāq) is a village in Kuhak Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Galu Boraq	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joondalup Drive is a major distributor road in the northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia.	Joondalup Drive	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lalard (Persian: للرد‎) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lalard	Peyrajeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Ahan (Persian: كلاته اهن‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Āhan) is a village in Jagharq Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Ahan	Jagharq Rural District	Torqabeh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lakes of the Clouds are a set of small ponds located at the 5,032 ft (1,534 m) col between Mount Monroe and Mount Washington in the White Mountains of the U.S. state of New Hampshire.	Lakes of the Clouds	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooks Secondary School is a high school in Powell River, British Columbia part of School District 47 Powell River.	Brooks Secondary School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sterling Heights Assembly, or Sterling Heights Assembly Plant (SHAP), is an automobile manufacturing factory in Sterling Heights, Michigan currently operated by Chrysler Group LLC. The factory opened in 1953 to produce missiles.	Sterling Heights Assembly	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dundee-Happy Hollow Historic District is located west of Midtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Dundee-Happy Hollow Historic District	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vandhay or Vandhai is a village in Bhuj Taluka of Kutch District of Gujarat.	Vandhay	Kutch District	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAPY is a classic hits station in State College, Pennsylvania operating at 103.1 MHz on the FM band with a power of 370 watts.	WAPY	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravens Wood School, formerly Bromley Technical High School, located in Keston, London Borough of Bromley, England, is an all-boys school.	Ravens Wood School	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zeba Indian United Methodist Church is a religious building located at 227 Front Street (between Whirl-I-Gig and Peter Marksman Roads) in Zeba, Michigan, northeast of L'Anse.	Zeba Indian United Methodist Church	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halilabad (Persian: هليل اباد‎, also Romanized as Halīlābād; also known as ``Alīlābād, Jalīlābād, and Khillabad) is a village in Golabar Rural District, in the Central District of Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 674, in 171 families.	Halilabad	Golabar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monticello Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church off SC 215 in Monticello, Fairfield County, South Carolina.	Monticello Methodist Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Maritime Intelligence-Integration Office (NMIO) is a United States Navy entity located in the National Maritime Intelligence Center (NMIC) Facility in Suitland in Prince George's County, Maryland, southeast of Washington, DC. It is a part of the Suitland Federal Center.	National Maritime Intelligence-Integration Office	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawrence Heritage State Park is a Massachusetts state park made up of three separate sections located in the city of Lawrence.	Lawrence Heritage State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tooele Army Depot (TEAD) is a United States Army post located in Tooele County, Utah.	Tooele Army Depot	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William P. Cole, Jr. Student Activities Building, more commonly known as Cole Field House, was the home of the University of Maryland basketball teams from 1955 until it was replaced by XFINITY Center (originally called Comcast Center) in 2002.	Cole Field House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	ComFest (officially The Community Festival) is a large, free, non-corporate, music and arts annual festival currently held each June at Goodale Park in the Victorian Village area of Columbus, Ohio.	ComFest	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maciejowa Wola (mat͡ɕeˈjɔva ˈvɔla) (German: Matzwolla, from 1938-45 Balschdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Maciejowa Wola	Gmina Banie Mazurskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Sar (Persian: تپه سر‎) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tappeh Sar	Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Husie was a city district (Swedish: stadsdel) in the north-east of Malmö Municipality, Sweden.	Husie	Malmö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florida Theatre is an historic American movie theater located at 128 East Forsyth Street in Jacksonville, Florida.	Florida Theatre	Jacksonville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williams Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAC5), was located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) southeast of Williams Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Williams Lake Water Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	York Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house at 134 West Philadelphia Street in York, York County, Pennsylvania.	York Meetinghouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kawana Waters State College is a Kindergarten to Year 12 College situated in the Kawana Waters urban area on the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Kawana Waters State College	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scriptown was the name of the first subdivision in the history of Omaha, which at the time was located in Nebraska Territory.	Scriptown	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frankston Hospital (officially Frankston Public Hospital) is a major regional public hospital, located in the Melbourne suburb of Frankston on the Mornington Peninsula in Victoria, Australia.	Frankston Hospital	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Die Gazette (English: The Gazette) is a political culture magazine from Munich.	Die Gazette	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carisbrooke Castle is a historic motte-and-bailey castle located in the village of Carisbrooke, near Newport, Isle of Wight, England.	Carisbrooke Castle	Isle of Wight
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clay, Pennsylvania is a census-designated place located in Clay and Elizabeth Townships in Lancaster County in the state of Pennsylvania.	Clay, Pennsylvania	Lancaster County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Llorenç des Cardassar (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsand ʎoˈɾenz ðəs kəɾðəˈsa)) is a small municipality on Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain.	Sant Llorenç des Cardassar	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wells-next-the-Sea is a port on the North Norfolk coast of England.	Wells-next-the-Sea	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcosanti is a projected experimental town with a molten bronze bell casting business in Yavapai County, central Arizona, 70 mi (110 km) north of Phoenix, at an elevation of 3,732 feet (1,130 meters).	Arcosanti	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aboriginal Shire of Hope Vale is a local government area in Far North Queensland, Queensland, Australia, north of the town of Cooktown.	Aboriginal Shire of Hope Vale	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidhuna is a town and a nagar panchayat in Auraiya district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India,	Bidhuna	Auraiya district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wattston is a village on the B803, east of Greengairs in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Wattston	North Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radocyna (radɔˈt͡sɨna) (Ukrainian: Радоцина, Radotsyna) is an uninhabited village in the administrative district of Gmina Sękowa, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Radocyna	Gmina Sękowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuznab (Persian: يوزناب‎, also Romanized as Yūznāb; also known as Izanap and Īzehnāb) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Yuznab	Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajnota(Hindi: राजनौता) is a village in Kotputli tahsil in Jaipur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Rajnota	Jaipur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kentner Stadium is a multi-use stadium located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina on the campus of Wake Forest University.	Kentner Stadium	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sham Shui Po District (Chinese: 深水埗區) is one of 18 districts of Hong Kong.	Sham Shui Po District	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minneapolis Great Northern Depot was a passenger railroad station which served Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA.	Minneapolis Great Northern Depot	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	York County Community College (also abbreviated YCCC) is a community college located in Wells, Maine.	York County Community College	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sarajevo Canton, officially the Canton of Sarajevo (Bosnian: Kanton Sarajevo) is the ninth of 10 cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sarajevo Canton	Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hertswood Academy (formerly Hertswood School) is a coeducational secondary school in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire which gained academy status in January 2013.	Hertswood Academy	Borehamwood
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillswick is a small village in Northmavine, on the shore of the Atlantic Ocean and lies to the north-north west of Mainland, Shetland, the most northerly group of islands in the United Kingdom.	Hillswick	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diobsud Creek Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the east slopes of Bacon Peak.	Diobsud Creek Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Zumwalt East High School, also known as FZE, is the fourth high school in the Fort Zumwalt School District, and is located in Saint Peters, Missouri, United States.	Fort Zumwalt East High School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medical Center of the Rockies, located in Loveland, Colorado, is the sister hospital of Poudre Valley Hospital in Fort Collins, Colorado.	Medical Center of the Rockies	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manayunk Bridge (a.k.a. Manayunk Viaduct) is a historic bridge in Pennsylvania across the Schuylkill River and adjacent Schuylkill Canal between Bala Cynwyd in Montgomery County and the Manayunk neighborhood of Philadelphia.	Manayunk Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tut Sorkhan (Persian: توت سرخان‎, also Romanized as Tūt Sorkhān) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tut Sorkhan	Sarshiv Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Anari (Persian: تنگاناري‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Ānārī) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Anari	Khvajehei Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hays-Heighe House is a historic home located on the campus of Harford Community College near Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland, United States.	Hays-Heighe House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiangtan (Chinese: 湘潭; pinyin: Xiāngtán; Wade--Giles: Hsiang-tan) is a prefecture-level city in Hunan province, China, located on the lower reaches of Xiang River.	Xiangtan	Hunan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glaspaleis (in English: Glass Palace) is a modernist building in Heerlen, Netherlands, built in 1935.	Glaspaleis	Heerlen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phillipsdale Historic District encompasses a historic mill village along the Seekonk River in East Providence, Rhode Island.	Phillipsdale Historic District	East Providence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pabillonis, Pabillois in the Sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Medio Campidano in the Italian region Sardinia, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Sanluri.	Pabillonis	Province of Medio Campidano
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the county seat of Lauderdale County and the principal city of the Meridian, Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area.	Meridian, Mississippi	Lauderdale County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thamber is a village of Barara tehsil in Ambala district in the Indian state of Haryana.	Thamber	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khuin (Persian: خويين‎, also Romanized as Khū’īn and Khvoyūn) is a village in Oryad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Khuin	Oryad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	53 King Street is an Edwardian Baroque bank on King Street in Manchester, England.	53 King Street	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knarvik (or Knarrviki) is the administrative centre of the municipality of Lindås in Hordaland county, Norway.	Knarvik	Lindås
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ligang Township (Chinese: 里港鄉; pinyin: Lǐgǎng Xiāng; Wade--Giles: Li3-kang3 Hsiang1) is a rural township in Pingtung County, Taiwan.	Ligang	Pingtung County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brussels High School is a public six-year combined junior and senior high school in Brussels, Illinois that is part of the Brussels School District.	Brussels High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burntwood is a town in Staffordshire, England, approximately 4 miles (6 km) west of Lichfield.	Burntwood	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wapanocca National Wildlife Refuge is a 5,484 acre (22 km2) wildlife refuge in Crittenden County, Arkansas, managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.	Wapanocca National Wildlife Refuge	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais de la Légion d'Honneur (French for ``Palace of the Legion of Honour'') is a building on the left bank of the River Seine in Paris.	Palais de la Légion d'Honneur	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazamjerd (Persian: بزمجرد‎) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dashtabi District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Bazamjerd	Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quinkan rock art refers to a large body of locally, nationally and internationally significant Australian Aboriginal rock art of a style characterized by their unique representations of ``Quinkans'' (an Aboriginal mythological being), found among the sandstone escarpments around the small town of Laura, Queensland (aka Quinkan region or Quinkan country)	Quinkan rock art	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magomadas (Sardinian: Magumadas) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Oristano.	Magomadas	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry DeLand House also known as the Green Lantern Inn was built from 1874 to 1876 in the village of Fairport, New York as a home for Henry Addison DeLand.	Henry DeLand House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Balkello is a village in Angus, Scotland, three miles north of Dundee on the Auchterhouse to Tealing road.	Old Balkello	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sumallo River is located in southern British Columbia, in the Cascade Mountains to the east of Hope.	Sumallo River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baskeh Masham (Persian: باسكه مشم‎, also Romanized as Bāskeh Masham; also known as Bāskeh Mastan and Yāskeh Mastan) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Baskeh Masham	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varqeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان ورقه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Varqeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tàrrega (Spanish: Tárrega) is a village and municipality located in the Urgell comarca, Province of Lleida, Catalonia.	Tàrrega	Urgell
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connecticut Farms Presbyterian Church is located at Stuyvesant and Chestnut avenues in Union, Union County, New Jersey, United States, near U.S. Route 22.	Connecticut Farms Presbyterian Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gruczno (ˈɡrut͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gruczno	Gmina Świecie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Humeh (Persian: برافتاب حومه‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Ḩūmeh and Barāftāb-e Homeh) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Humeh	Chamsangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witankowo (vitaŋˈkɔvɔ) (formerly German Wittkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Witankowo	Gmina Wałcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Memorial to the Soviet Internationalist Soldier (Spanish: Memorial al Soldado Internacionalista Soviético) is a monument and mausoleum situated south-west of Havana, Cuba.	Memorial to the Soviet Internationalist Soldier	Havana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redwood Library and Athenaeum is a private subscription library at 50 Bellevue Avenue, Newport, Rhode Island.	Redwood Library and Athenaeum	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Kabak (Persian: اب كبك‎, also Romanized as Āb Kabak) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Kabak	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yutz (French pronunciation: ​(jys), German: Jeutz, Lorraine Franconian: Jäiz) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France, close to the borders with both Luxembourg and Germany.	Yutz	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Still Pond Historic District is a national historic district located at Still Pond in Kent County, Maryland, United States.	Still Pond Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southerness lighthouse is located at the village of Southerness in South West Scotland.	Southerness lighthouse	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Acadian Peninsula (French: Péninsule acadienne) is situated in the northeastern corner of New Brunswick, Canada, encompassing portions of Gloucester and Northumberland Counties.	Acadian Peninsula	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1953 and completed in 1954, the John and Syd Dobkins House is one of three Wright-designed Usonian houses in Canton, Ohio.	John and Syd Dobkins House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Rudki (ˈstarɛ ˈrutkʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Rudki	Gmina Augustów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribeiras is a civil parish in the municipality of Lajes do Pico in the Azores.	Ribeiras	Lajes do Pico	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taillet (Catalan: Tellet) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Taillet	Pyrénées-Orientales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Krobia (ˈstara ˈkrɔbja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stara Krobia	Gmina Krobia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lerderderg River diversion tunnel, known as The Tunnel, is located on the Lerderderg River approximately 25 km north-west of Bacchus Marsh, Victoria, Australia.	Lerderderg River diversion tunnel	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Prix of Baltimore presented by SRT was an IndyCar Series and American Le Mans Series race held on a street circuit in Baltimore, Maryland.	Grand Prix of Baltimore	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyangala Dam is a major gated rock fill with clay core embankment and gravity dam with eight radial gates and a concrete chute spillway across the Lachlan River, located in the south-western slopes region of New South Wales, Australia.	Wyangala Dam	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponta dos Rosais (Rosais Point) is a promontory located along the north coast of the parish of Rosais, municipality of Velas in the island of São Jorge in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Ponta dos Rosais	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tree Bar is a music venue and bar in Columbus, Ohio founded in 1999.	The Tree Bar	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garm Telab (Persian: گرم تلاب‎, also Romanized as Garm Telāb; also known as Garm) is a village in Mahru Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Garm Telab	Mahru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Centro College is a community college of the Dallas County Community College District (DCCCD) in Dallas, Texas.	El Centro College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jordan Pond is an oligotrophic tarn in Acadia National Park near the town of Bar Harbor, Maine.	Jordan Pond	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubajny (luˈbai̯nɨ) (German: Lubainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lubajny	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nathaniel West Buildings in southeast Portland, Oregon, United States, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Nathaniel West Buildings	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Digerronden is one of the ten mountains in Rondane National Park over 2,000 m, and lies in the municipality Dovre in Oppland, Norway.	Digerronden	Dovre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wabigoon Lake is a lake in Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Wabigoon Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulaski Heights is a section of the city of Little Rock, Arkansas, located in the north-central portion of the city.	Pulaski Heights	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gamble Plantation Historic State Park, also known as the Gamble Mansion, is a Florida State Park located in Ellenton, Florida, on the Manatee River and US 301.	Gamble Plantation Historic State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesapeake College is a two-year college on the Eastern Shore of Maryland that provides associate degrees, certificates, and other programs.	Chesapeake College	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longqi District (Chinese: 龍崎區; Hanyu Pinyin: Lóngqí Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Lóngcí Cyu; Wade--Giles: Lung2-ch'i2 Ch'ü1) is a rural district of about 4,292 residents in Tainan, Taiwan.	Longqi District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rio Grande do Sul (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɦiw ˈɡɾɐ̃dʒ du ˈsuw); lit. Great Southern River) is a state located in the southern region of Brazil.	Rio Grande do Sul	Brazil
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amelia Cottage Museum, sometimes referred to as Miss Amelia's Cottage & Roy Lester Carriage House, on Montauk Highway in Amagansett, New York, is operated by the Amagansett Historical Association as a museum of family life in Amagansett over three centuries.	Amelia Cottage Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sint-Oedenrode is a moderately urbanized town and capital of the municipality of the same name in the province of North Brabant.	Sint-Oedenrode	North Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majors Stadium was a baseball field in Greenville, TX but was originally used as a football field.	Majors Stadium	Greenville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Ngoen (Thai: แม่เงิน) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Chiang Saen District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Mae Ngoen	Chiang Saen
located in the administrative territorial entity	John W. North High School is a public high school in Riverside, California, part of the Riverside Unified School District, and the home of the Huskies.	John W. North High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Repton is a village and civil parish on the edge of the River Trent floodplain in South Derbyshire, about 4.5 miles (7 km) north of Swadlincote.	Repton	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luonan County (simplified Chinese: 洛南县; traditional Chinese: 洛南縣; pinyin: Luònán Xiàn) is a county under the administration of Shangluo city, in Shaanxi, China.	Luonan County	Shangluo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Battle of Britain Range is a group of mountains within the Allies Group of the Muskwa Ranges in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Battle of Britain Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghat-e Dastgerdan (Persian: باغات دستگردان‎, also Romanized as Bāghāt-e Dastgerdān; also known as Dastgerdān) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baghat-e Dastgerdan	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bedminster Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Bedminster Township, New Jersey, United States.	Bedminster Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Napierki (naˈpjɛrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Napierki	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kępka (ˈkɛmpka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kępka	Gmina Darłowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capelrig House is an 18th-century house in Newton Mearns, East Renfrewshire, Scotland, upon whose lands is situated Eastwood High School.	Capelrig House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Languedoc-Roussillon (French pronunciation: ​(lɑ̃ɡdɔk ʁusijɔ̃); Occitan: Lengadòc-Rosselhon; Catalan: Llenguadoc-Rosselló) is a former administrative region of France.	Languedoc-Roussillon	France
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Radnor (Welsh: Maesyfed) is a village in Powys, mid Wales.	New Radnor	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Downtown Churches Historic District is a historic district in downtown Sheboygan, Wisconsin consisting of four churches and five other buildings associated with the churches.	Downtown Churches Historic District	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seghayesh (Persian: صغايش‎, also Romanized as Şeghāyesh) is a village in Yengejeh Rural District, Howmeh District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seghayesh	Yengejeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arikaree Glacier is an alpine glacier located in a cirque to the north of Arikaree Peak and south of Navajo Peak, in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado.	Arikaree Glacier	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sutro Baths were a large, privately owned public saltwater swimming pool complex in the Lands End area of the Outer Richmond District in western San Francisco, California.	Sutro Baths	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Springfield Mass Transit District (SMTD) is the mass transit district serving Springfield, Illinois, the state capital.	Springfield Mass Transit District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Cootharaba is a lake on the Noosa River within the locality of Noosa North Shore in the Shire of Noosa, Queensland, Australia.	Lake Cootharaba	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starhill Forest Arboretum (48 acres) is a private arboretum located at 12000 Boy Scout Trail, Petersburg, Illinois.	Starhill Forest Arboretum	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glyndyfrdwy (Welsh pronunciation: (ɡlɨnˈdəvrdʊɨ)), or sometimes Glyn Dyfrdwy, is a village in the modern county of Denbighshire, Wales.	Glyndyfrdwy	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Travacò Siccomario is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 35 km south of Milan and about 4 km southeast of Pavia, near the concluence of the Po and Ticino rivers.	Travacò Siccomario	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrowo Wielkie (pjɔˈtrɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielichowo, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Piotrowo Wielkie	Gmina Wielichowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przecznica (pʂɛt͡ʂˈnit͡sa) (German: Querbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Przecznica	Gmina Mirsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Bedford Whaling National Historical Park (NBWNHP) is a United States National Historical Park in New Bedford, Massachusetts, and is maintained by the National Park Service (NPS).	New Bedford Whaling National Historical Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kickininee Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located just south of the town of Summerland in that province's Okanagan region.	Kickininee Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Sofla (Persian: حاجي ابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Soflá; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Sofla	Akhtarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magasis (Persian: مگاصيص‎, also Romanized as Magāşīş and Magāsīs) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Magasis	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bygdeträsk is a small village in Skellefteå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden with 84 inhabitants in 2004.	Bygdeträsk	Skellefteå Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United Methodist Episcopal Church in Park City, Montana, also known as Park City Methodist Episcopal Church and as First United Methodist Church, is a historic church built in 1898 that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.	United Methodist Episcopal Church	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harare (/həˈrɑreɪ/; officially called Salisbury until 1982) is the capital and most populous city of Zimbabwe.	Harare	Zimbabwe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Denton is a small village and civil parish in the north of Cumbria, England about 1 km north of the A69 road linking Haltwhistle and Brampton.	Upper Denton	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casimir Pulaski Monument in Savannah, or Pulaski Monument on Monterey Square, is a 19th-century monument to Casimir Pulaski, located at the Monterey Square, on Bull Street, Savannah, Georgia, USA, not far from the battlefield where Pulaski lost his life during the siege of Savannah.	Casimir Pulaski Monument in Savannah	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longbridge is an area of south-west Birmingham, England.	Longbridge	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartwick Pines State Park is a 9,672 acres (39.14 km2) state park in the US state of Michigan, located in Crawford County near Grayling and Interstate 75.	Hartwick Pines State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasiadki (naˈɕatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nasiadki	Gmina Lelis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cathedral of St Andrew (often referred to as St Andrews Cathedral) is a ruined Roman Catholic cathedral in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.	St Andrews Cathedral	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salem Union Church and Cemetery, also known as Salem Lutheran Church and Salem United Church of Christ, is a historic United Church of Christ church and cemetery located near Maiden, Lincoln County, North Carolina.	Salem Union Church and Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melville House is a category A listed building, and the grounds are included on the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland.	Melville House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Blake House is the oldest house in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	James Blake House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Selkirk is a former trading post on the Yukon River at the confluence of the Pelly River in Canada's Yukon.	Fort Selkirk	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sakyamuni Pagoda of Fogong Temple (simplified Chinese: 佛宫寺释迦塔; traditional Chinese: 佛宮寺釋迦塔; pinyin: Fógōng Sì Shìjiā Tǎ) of Ying County, Shanxi province, China, is a wooden Chinese pagoda built in 1056, during the Khitan-led Liao Dynasty.	Pagoda of Fogong Temple	Ying County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slaughter Slough is a wetland in southwestern Minnesota, United States, so named for being the site of the Lake Shetek Massacre during the Dakota War of 1862.	Slaughter Slough	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teatro Pavón, Calle de Embajadores 9, is a theatre in Madrid opened in 1925.	Teatro Pavón	Embajadores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Othara or Othera is an Indian village in the Kerala state.	Othera	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gallowstree Common is a hamlet in South Oxfordshire, England, about 4.5 miles (7.2 km) north of Reading, Berkshire.	Gallowstree Common	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruichang (Chinese: 瑞昌; pinyin: Ruìchāng) is a county-level city under the jurisdiction of Jiujiang, in the north of China's Jiangxi province, along the Yangtze River.	Ruichang	Jiujiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borzątew (bɔˈʐɔntɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Borzątew	Gmina Mieleszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grace Mellman Community Library (Temecula County Center Library), located in Temecula, California, is a member of the Riverside County Library System.	Grace Mellman Community Library	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biedaczów (bʲɛˈdat͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk, within Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Biedaczów	Gmina Leżajsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuleh Sareh (Persian: كوله ساره‎, also Romanized as Kūleh Sāreh) is a village in Gavrud Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kuleh Sareh	Gavrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoke Canon is a small village and civil parish near the confluence of the rivers Exe and Culm on the main A396 between Exeter and Tiverton in the English county of Devon, and the district of East Devon.	Stoke Canon	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chroboly is a village and municipality (obec) in Prachatice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Chroboly	Prachatice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Święck-Strumiany (ˈɕfjɛnt͡sk struˈmjanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Święck-Strumiany	Gmina Czyżew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George A. Christenberry Fieldhouse is a 3,026 seat facility on the campus of Augusta University in Augusta, Georgia, and is home to the athletics department as well as some classes.	Christenberry Fieldhouse	Augusta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Tamuru (Persian: گودتمورو‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Tamūrū) is a village in Javar Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Tamuru	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uganda Museum is a museum in Kampala, Uganda, which displays and exhibits ethnological, natural-historical and traditional life collections of Uganda's cultural heritage.	Uganda Museum	Kampala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaube Lake (in French: Lac de Gaube) is a lake in the French Pyrenees, in the department of the Hautes-Pyrénées, near the town of Cauterets.	Gaube Lake	Hautes-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lysá nad Labem (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɪsaː ˈnad labɛm); German: Lissa an der Elbe) is a town in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic, situated on the Labe (Elbe) river.	Lysá nad Labem	Nymburk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łękobudy (wɛnkɔˈbudɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łękobudy	Gmina Jasionówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balranald Shire is a local government area in the Riverina area of western New South Wales, Australia on the Sturt Highway.	Balranald Shire	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horeszkowice (xɔrɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Horeszkowice	Gmina Białopole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shilghati (also spelled Silghati) is a panchayat village located in the Gomati district of Tripura state of India.	Shilghati	Tripura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acorn High School is a public high school serving students in grades 7 through 12 that is located in Mena, Arkansas, United States.	Acorn High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baie de Bouéni is a large bay in the south-west of the French island territory of Mayotte, in the Comoro Islands lying at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel between the East African country of Mozambique and Madagascar.	Baie de Bouéni	Mayotte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowosiedlice (nɔvɔɕɛdˈlit͡sɛ) (German: Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowosiedlice	Gmina Dobroszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piołunka (pjɔˈwuŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Piołunka	Gmina Sędziszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quai Louis-Blériot is a quay alongside the Seine in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Quai Louis-Blériot	16th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruree (Irish: Brú Rí, meaning ``Fort of the King'') is a village in south-eastern County Limerick, Ireland, on the River Maigue.	Bruree	County Limerick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mongpong is a small hill village located in the Darjeeling district of West Bengal, India.	Mongpong	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sha Tin Pass (Chinese: 沙田坳) or Shatin Pass, and sometimes Sha Tin Au, is a mountain pass between Temple Hill and Unicorn Ridge in Hong Kong.	Sha Tin Pass	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lobo Theater is the oldest standing movie theater located along historic Route 66 in Albuquerque, New Mexico in the United States of America.	Lobo Theater	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redheugh Park (pronounced red-yuff), a football stadium in Gateshead, England, was built in 1930 when South Shields F.C. moved to Gateshead from Horsley Hill and became Gateshead A.F.C..	Redheugh Park	Gateshead
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhaisipankha is a Market in Bhojpur Municipality in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal.	Bhaisipankha	Bhojpur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Beaumont-Hague in France is situated in the department of Manche and the region of Basse-Normandie.	Canton of Beaumont-Hague	Manche
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casterley Camp is the site of an Iron Age univallate hillfort located in Wiltshire.	Casterley Camp	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wroniniec (vrɔˈniɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wroniniec	Gmina Niechlów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sampige is a village and a gram panchayat in the Turuvekere taluka of the Tumkur district in Karnataka, India).	Sampige	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to Elko, Nevada, USA, the station was owned by Northern Nevada Media, Inc. Northern Nevada Media surrendered KTSN's license to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on April 6, 2015; the FCC cancelled the license on April 9, 2015.	KTSN	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jazz Kitchen is a prominent jazz club and restaurant in Indianapolis, Indiana.	Jazz Kitchen	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crabtree Ledge Light was a sparkplug lighthouse on Frenchman Bay, Maine.	Crabtree Ledge Light	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peacock in the Park is an annual LGBT variety show, held at Washington Park in Portland, Oregon, in the United States.	Peacock in the Park	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coomallo Important Bird Area is a 21 km2 fragmented tract of land in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.	Coomallo Important Bird Area	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bangor Children's Home was an asylum for orphans in Bangor, Maine.	Bangor Children's Home	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyn Mashlush (Persian: حسين مشلوش‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Mashlūsh; also known as Ḩoseyn Mashkūsh) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Mashlush	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basra-ye Bala (Persian: بصرابالا‎, also Romanized as Başrā-ye Bālā; also known as Bālā Başrā and Başrā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Basra-ye Bala	Karipey Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sausapor (alternates: Sansapor or Tandjong Sausapor) is a small town and kecamatan in the Tambrauw Regency of West Papua, Indonesia.	Sausapor	Tambrauw Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canglang District (simplified Chinese: 沧浪区; traditional Chinese: 滄浪區; pinyin: Cānglàng Qū) is a former district of Suzhou in Jiangsu Province.	Canglang District	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helland (Cornish: Hellann) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Helland	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blacko is a village and civil parish in the Pendle district of Lancashire, England.	Blacko	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean Township High School (OTHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Ocean Township, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school the Ocean Township School District.	Ocean Township High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gourock ( listen ; Scottish Gaelic: Guireag pronounced (kuɾʲak); GOOR-uck) is a town falling within the Inverclyde council area and formerly forming a burgh of the county of Renfrew in the west of Scotland.	Gourock	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kel Konar (Persian: كل كنار‎, also Romanized as Kel Konār; also known as Kel Konārī) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kel Konar	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiancao (Chinese: 前曹镇) is a town in Pingyuan County, Dezhou, in northwestern Shandong province, China.	Qiancao	Pingyuan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broadkill River is a river flowing to Delaware Bay in southern Delaware in the United States.	Broadkill River	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yung Shue Ha (Chinese: 榕樹下; lit. under the banyan tree) is a village on the south side of Lamma Island, Hong Kong.	Yung Shue Ha	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wangniudun (Chinese: 望牛墩; pinyin: Wàngniúdūn; Jyutping: mong6ngau4deon1) is a town under the direct administration of Dongguan City in the Pearl River Delta, Guangdong province, China.	Wangniudun	Dongguan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Combol Island (Indonesian: Pulau Combol, pronounced Chombol, formerly Dutch spelling Tjombol) lies in the Riau Archipelago of the Riau Islands Province of Indonesia.	Combol	Riau Archipelago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białobłota (bjawɔˈbwɔta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Białobłota	Gmina Szypliszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Museum of Art of Romania (Romanian: Muzeul Național de Artă al României) is located in the former royal palace in Revolution Square, central Bucharest, completed in 1837.	National Museum of Art of Romania	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teymur Suri-ye Sofla (Persian: تيمورسوري سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Teymūr Sūrī-ye Soflá) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Teymur Suri-ye Sofla	Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerchian (Persian: كرچيان‎, also Romanized as Kerchīān, Karchīān, and Kercheyān) is a village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kerchian	Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocumare del Tuy is a city located in Miranda State in northern Venezuela, the shire town of the Lander Municipality.	Ocumare del Tuy	Lander
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakuhak (Persian: پاكوهك‎, also Romanized as Pākūhak) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pakuhak	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eurobodalla National Park is a non-contiguous national park in New South Wales, Australia, 268 km southwest of Sydney spanning from Moruya Heads to Tilba Tilba Lake, 12 km south of Narooma.	Eurobodalla National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moore-Lindsay House is a Queen Anne style Victorian historic home located in Norman, Oklahoma.	Moore-Lindsay House	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Clapp House (1806) is a historic house located at 195 Boston Street, Dorchester, Massachusetts.	William Clapp House	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manijalan (Persian: منيجلان‎‎, also Romanized as Manījalān) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Manijalan	Nameh Shir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lynn University is an American private university in Boca Raton, Florida.	Lynn University	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Bill State Park is state-operated, public recreation area surrounding the reservoir formed by the Buffalo Bill Dam, an impoundment of the Shoshone River, in Park County, Wyoming.	Buffalo Bill State Park	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunter's Bar is a roundabout and former toll bar on Ecclesall Road in south-west Sheffield, England; the toll bar was active until the late 19th century.	Hunter's Bar	Sheffield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alaviyeh (Persian: علويه‎, also Romanized as ``Alavīyeh) is a village in Nadushan Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 20 families.	Alaviyeh	Nadushan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Hajji Abbas (Persian: قشلاق حاجي عباس‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī ``Abbās) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 9 families.	Qeshlaq-e Hajji Abbas	Angut-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarbiciesz (skarˈbit͡ɕeʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorzany, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Skarbiciesz	Gmina Jeziorzany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spring Creek Correctional Center is an Alaska Department of Corrections maximum security prison for men located in Seward, Alaska, United States.	Spring Creek Correctional Center	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fotheringhay is a village and civil parish in Northamptonshire, England, six kilometres (four miles) north east of Oundle and around 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) west of Peterborough.	Fotheringhay	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robbio is a city and comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 45 km west of Pavia.	Robbio	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torgau-Oschatz is a former district (Kreis) in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Torgau-Oschatz	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guntur (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 25 lok sabha constituencies of Andhra Pradesh in India and one among the three constituencies in the Guntur district of the state.	Guntur (Lok Sabha constituency)	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grodziec Mały (ˈɡrɔd͡ʑet͡s ˈmawɨ) (German: Klein Gräditz, 11/1/1937: Niederfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grodziec Mały	Gmina Głogów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntly Castle is a ruined castle in Huntly in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Huntly Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehgaon is a City and a nagar panchayat in Bhind district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Mehgaon	Bhind district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burns Beach Road is an arterial east-west road in Perth, Western Australia, linking the suburbs of Burns Beach and Iluka to the Mitchell Freeway and Joondalup.	Burns Beach Road	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively, most of Lantau Island is part of the Islands District of Hong Kong.	Lantau Island	Islands District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunnerong Power Station is a demolished former coal-powered electric power station in the south-eastern Sydney suburb of Matraville, New South Wales, Australia.	Bunnerong Power Station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Biska (ˈvulka ˈbiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biszcza, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Biska	Gmina Biszcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uceta Yard is a rail yard in non-residential section within the city limits of Tampa.	Uceta Yard	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Xuyên ( listen) is the provincial city and capital city of An Giang Province, in the Mekong Delta region of southwestern Vietnam.	Long Xuyên	An Giang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jisan Research Institute (JRI) is a nonprofit organization located in Alhambra, California.	Jisan Research Institute	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nim Chah (Persian: نيم چاه‎, also Romanized as Nīm Chāh) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Nim Chah	Qareh Toghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Griers Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located near Frogsboro, North Carolina, Caswell County, North Carolina.	Griers Presbyterian Church and Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ailapuram is a village situated at 5.5 km from Suryapet town in Nalgonda district, Telangana, India.	Ailapuram	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Kareh (Persian: چال كره‎, also Romanized as Chāl Kareh) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Kareh	Shahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadhaven Bay (Irish: Cuan an Inbhir) is a natural bay of the Atlantic Ocean situated on the northwestern coast of County Mayo, Ireland.	Broadhaven Bay	County Mayo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarpnäcks gård is a district (Swedish: stadsdel) in Skarpnäck in Stockholm Municipality, Sweden.	Skarpnäcks gård	Stockholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Półwiosek Nowy (puu̯ˈvjɔsɛk ˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Półwiosek Nowy	Gmina Ślesin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Desert Star Theater is a dinner theater establishment in Murray, Utah.	Desert Star Theater	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kishacoquillas Valley, known locally as both Kish Valley and Big Valley, is an enclosed anticlinal valley in the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians of Central Pennsylvania, lying between Stone Mountain ridge to the north and Jacks Mountain ridge to the south.	Kishacoquillas Valley	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dandenong Ranges (commonly just the Dandenongs) are a set of low mountain ranges, rising to 633 metres at Mount Dandenong, approximately 35 km east of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Dandenong Ranges	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mayor Edwin O. Childs House is a historic house at 340 California Street in Newton, Massachusetts.	Mayor Edwin O. Childs House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greany Building is a historic mixed-use commercial and residential building located at 1270--1288 Pleasant Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Greany Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juzancourt is an old municipality in the French departement of Ardennes, absorbed since le 1 January 1971, by the municipality of Asfeld.	Juzancourt	Ardennes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abputi Gelal (Persian: اب پوتي گلال‎, also Romanized as Ābpūtī Gelāl; also known as Ābpūtī) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Abputi Gelal	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbeyleix (/ˈæbiliks/; Irish: Mainistir Laoise, meaning ``Laois Abbey'') is a town in County Laois, Ireland about 14km south (8.6 miles) from the town of Portlaoise and located on the N77 national secondary route.	Abbeyleix	County Laois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Rostaq (Persian: ميان رستاق‎, also Romanized as Mīān Rostāq, Meyān Restāq, and Mīyān Rostāq) is a village in Zarrin Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Mian Rostaq	Zarrin Gol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton Island State Park is a state park in northwest Vermont, USA.	Burton Island State Park	Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putnam and Mellor Engine and Hose Company Firehouse was a historic fire station located at Port Chester, Westchester County, New York.	Putnam and Mellor Engine and Hose Company Firehouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleczanów (klɛˈt͡ʂanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kleczanów	Gmina Obrazów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielka Kolonia (ˈvjɛlka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wielka Kolonia	Gmina Domaszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuttby Mountain is a Canadian peak in the Cobequid Mountains and the highest elevation point on the mainland portion of Nova Scotia.	Nuttby Mountain	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luce Hall was the first purpose-built building for the U.S. Naval War College, founded at Newport, Rhode Island, in 1884.	Luce Hall	Newport
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Over Reservation is a 75-acre (300,000 m2) nature preserve and working farm in Rochester, Massachusetts and is managed by the Trustees of Reservations.	East Over Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanton Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Diana Mills, Buckingham County, Virginia.	Stanton Family Cemetery	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biebrich Palace (German: Schloss Biebrich) is a Baroque residence (Schloss) in the borough of Biebrich in the city of Wiesbaden, Hesse, Germany.	Biebrich Palace	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chester Fritz Library is the largest library at the University of North Dakota (UND) in Grand Forks, North Dakota.	Chester Fritz Library	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linwu County (simplified Chinese: 临武县; traditional Chinese: 臨武縣; pinyin: Línwǔ Xiàn) is under the administration of Chenzhou, Hunan province, China.	Linwu County	Chenzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cold Saturday, or Cold Saturday Farm, is a historic home and farm complex located near Finksburg, Carroll County, Maryland.	Cold Saturday	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hababeh-ye Vosta (Persian: حبابه وسطي‎, also Romanized as Ḩabābeh-ye Vostá; also known as Ḩabābeh and Hobbābeh) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hababeh-ye Vosta	Chah Salem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bois Brule River (most often referred to as the Brule River) is located in Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States, near the county's eastern border with Bayfield County.	Bois Brule River	Douglas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafsh Mahalleh (Persian: كفش محله‎, also Romanized as Kafsh Maḩalleh; also known as Kanesh Maḩalleh) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kafsh Mahalleh	Qaleh Qafeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nusplingen is a Swabian town in the Zollernalb district, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Nusplingen	Zollernalb
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodeo Lagoon is a coastal lagoon located in the Marin Headlands division of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area, which is in southern Marin County, California.	Rodeo Lagoon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Saki-ye Sofla (Persian: دره ساكي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Sākī-ye Soflá) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Saki-ye Sofla	Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tut-e Do (Persian: توت 2‎, also Romanized as Tūt-e Do; also known as Tītūr and Tūt) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tut-e Do	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerugambakkam is a village in the Sriperumbudur taluk of Kanchipuram district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Gerugambakkam	Kanchipuram district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gav Sukhteh (Persian: گاوسوخته‎, also Romanized as Gāv Sūkhteh) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gav Sukhteh	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmehha-ye Bala (Persian: چشمه هابالا‎, also Romanized as Cheshmehhā-ye Bālā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Cheshmehha-ye Bala	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Juan Mountains are a high and rugged mountain range in the Rocky Mountains in southwestern Colorado, and is the largest mountain range in Colorado by area.	San Juan Mountains	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broxbourne railway station, opened in 1840, serves the towns of Broxbourne and Hoddesdon in Hertfordshire, England.	Broxbourne railway station	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New American Academy is a Crown Heights, Brooklyn, New York public school, PS 770, which opened in the fall of 2010.	The New American Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Govaz (Persian: گواز‎, also Romanized as Govāz and Gavāz; also known as Jū-ye Ās and Ju yi As) is a village in Paygelan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Govaz	Paygelan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tik Pish (Persian: تيك پيش‎, also Romanized as Tīk Pīsh) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tik Pish	Nargesan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jussian is a small village located in Ludhiana district, Punjab, India.	Jussian	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Michowa (ˈvɔla mʲiˈxɔva) (Ukrainian: Воля Мигова, Volia Myhova) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza, within Sanok County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Wola Michowa	Gmina Komańcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hirundo Wildlife Refuge is protected area covering 2,402 acres (972 ha) along Pushaw and Dead streams in Penobscot County, Maine.	Hirundo Wildlife Refuge	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swobodna (sfɔˈbɔdna) (German Schwuben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Swobodna	Gmina Dobre Miasto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalkey Quarry is a disused granite quarry located in the Dublin suburb of Dalkey.	Dalkey Quarry	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahaneh-ye Heydari (Persian: دهنه حيدري‎, also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Ḩeydarī) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dahaneh-ye Heydari	Binalud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Idria Mercury Mine encompasses 8,000 acres of land in the Diablo Mountain range, incorporating the town of Idria in San Benito County, California.	New Idria Mercury Mine	San Benito County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunset International Bible Institute is a Churches of Christ-affiliated institution of higher education in Lubbock, Texas.	Sunset International Bible Institute	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmu (Persian: هرمو‎, also Romanized as Harmū) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Harmu	Khanmirza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kargan-e Qadim (Persian: كرگان قديم‎, also Romanized as Kargān-e Qadīm; also known as Kargān and Karkan) is a village in Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kargan-e Qadim	Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pong Saen Thong (Thai: ปงแสนทอง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lampang District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 18,052 people.	Pong Saen Thong	Mueang Lampang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamanabad-e Mohammadabad (Persian: زمان ابادمحمداباد‎, also Romanized as Zamānābād-e Moḩammadābād) is a village in Almahdi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Zamanabad-e Mohammadabad	Almahdi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tallahassee-St. Marks Historic Railroad State Trail is a rail trail and Florida State Park located on 16 miles (26 km) of the historic railbed of the Tallahassee Railroad, which ran between Tallahassee and St. Marks, Florida.	Tallahassee-St. Marks Historic Railroad State Trail	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunrise Park is a popular urban park in East Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Sunrise Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Piruzabad (Persian: چاه پيروزاباد‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Pīrūzābād; also known as Chāh-e Pīrūz and Chāh Pīrūz) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Piruzabad	Seh Qaleh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chapin School is an all-girls independent day school located in Manhattan in New York City.	Chapin School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartram Trail High School (BTHS) is a public high school in the St. Johns County School District, located in northwest St. Johns County, Florida (U.S.) that opened in 2000.	Bartram Trail High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The building is located at 1618 New Hampshire Avenue, Northwest in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C. The International Temple was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 8, 1973.	International Temple	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talambrun Ali Shir (Persian: تلمبرون علي شير‎, also Romanized as Tlambrūn ʿAlī Shīr) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Talambrun Ali Shir	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The statuette of Aphrodite known as Aphrodite Heyl in the Antikensammlung Berlin (inventory number 31272) is an especially finely worked terracotta statue from the second century BC. This depiction of Aphrodite created from terracotta is particularly sinuous and of outstanding quality.	Aphrodite Heyl	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabot Head is a point of land on the northeast tip of the Bruce Peninsula in the Canadian province of Ontario.	Cabot Head	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karim Ali (Persian: كرم علي‎, also Romanized as Karim ʿAlī) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karim Ali	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKeesport Area School District is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly.	McKeesport Area School District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tidal Basin is a partially man-made reservoir between the Potomac River and the Washington Channel in Washington, D.C. It is part of West Potomac Park and is a focal point of the National Cherry Blossom Festival held each spring.	Tidal Basin	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neuburg Abbey (German: Abtei Neuburg or Kloster Neuburg, but most commonly Stift Neuburg) near Heidelberg in Baden-Württemberg is a Benedictine monastery dedicated to Saint Bartholomew, and part of the Beuronese Congregation.	Neuburg Abbey	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fen Drayton is a small village between Cambridge and St. Ives in Cambridgeshire, England, and between the villages of Fenstanton and Swavesey.	Fen Drayton	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean Gateway Pier II is a floating deepwater cruise ship pier located at the Ocean Gateway International Marine Passenger Terminal in Portland, Maine.	Ocean Gateway Pier II	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jolly Jack Creek is a creek located in British Columbia.	Jolly Jack Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxo Tower Wharf is in the east of London's South Bank cultural area in the London Borough of Southwark.	Oxo Tower	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Scranton Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located at Scranton, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.	North Scranton Junior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Challapeta is a village panchayat in Mentada mandal of Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Challapeta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gudgenby River, a perennial river that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.	Gudgenby River	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 403 is a telephone area code in the Canadian province of Alberta, encompassing the southern third of the province, including the Calgary area.	Area code 403	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Måsøy (Northern Sami: Muosát; Kven: Moseija) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Måsøy	Finnmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vachak (Persian: واچك‎, also Romanized as Vāchak) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vachak	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumbel ( (ˈkʊmbəl) ) is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Cumbel	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murray Harbour, Prince Edward Island (2011 pop.: 320) is a Canadian fishing community in southeastern Kings County, Prince Edward Island.	Murray Harbour, Prince Edward Island	Kings County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fudenjan (Persian: فودنجان‎, also Romanized as Fūdenjān and Fūdanjān; also known as Fooranjan, Fūtenjān, and Patān Jū) is a village in Zibad Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fudenjan	Zibad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thalambadi is a village panchayat in Namakkal district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Thalambadi	Namakkal district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Classic Aircraft Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Classic Aircraft Aviation Museum	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stampede Trail is a road and trail located in the Denali Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Stampede Trail	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uników-Kolonia (uˈnikuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Uników-Kolonia	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavanasa lies in the municipality of Breil/Brigels, Graubünden, Switzerland.	Tavanasa	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohra Fiziyeh (Persian: صحرافيضيه‎, also Romanized as Şoḩrā Fīẕīyeh) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohra Fiziyeh	Manzariyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurjiu (Persian: گورجيو‎, also Romanized as Gūrjīū; also known as Kabūtar Haleh and Kaftar Ḩalah) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Gurjiu	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hardu-Aboora is a village in Baramulla district in Indian adminitered state of Jammu and Kashmir.	Hardu-Aboora	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polanica-Zdrój (pɔlaˈɲit͡sa ˈzdrui̯) (German: Altheide Bad) is a town in Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Polanica-Zdrój	Kłodzko County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Latur (Persian: چم لتور‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Laţūr and Cham Laţūr) is a village in Zirtang Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham-e Latur	Zirtang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley is a metropolitan borough of the metropolitan county of South Yorkshire, England.	Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley	South Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherry Hill High School East (also known as Cherry Hill East or CHE) is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Cherry Hill, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Cherry Hill Public Schools.	Cherry Hill High School East	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snave is a very small hamlet on Romney Marsh in Kent, England centred close to the A2070 road 8 miles (13 km) south of Ashford.	Snave	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guissona is a town and municipality located in the North of the comarca (county) of Segarra, in the province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	Guissona	Segarra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colonial Park Arboretum and Gardens (144 acres) are gardens and an arboretum located in Colonial Park (651 acres), 150 Mettlers Road, in the East Millstone area of Franklin Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey.	Colonial Park Arboretum and Gardens	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polistovsky Nature Reserve, Polistovsky Zapovednik (Russian: Полистовский заповедник) is a nature reserve (a zapovednik) in the northwest of Russia, located in Bezhanitsky and Loknyansky Districts of Pskov Oblast, in the Polist-Lovat Swamp System.	Polistovsky Nature Reserve	Pskov Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rameshan (Persian: رامشان‎, also Romanized as Rāmeshān) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Rameshan	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosy Knook Court is a bungalow court located at 830 Brooks Avenue in Pasadena, California.	Kosy Knook Court	Pasadena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brome Lake (French: Lac Brome) is a fresh water lake in the town of Brome Lake, in the Brome-Missisquoi regional county municipality of the Montérégie region of Quebec, Canada.	Brome Lake	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colorado River Bridge at Bastrop is a 1,285-foot (392 m)-long bridge with three steel truss spans and concrete piers that crosses the Colorado River as part of Loop 150 through Bastrop, Texas.	Colorado River Bridge at Bastrop	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cross Creek High School (CCHS) is a public high school located in the South Augusta area of Augusta, Georgia.	Cross Creek High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebersteinburg is an Ortsteil of Baden-Baden.	Ebersteinburg	Baden-Baden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peyghan Chayi Rural District (Persian: دهستان پيغان چايي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Peyghan Chayi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajqan (Persian: اجقان‎, also Romanized as Ajqān and Ajghān) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ajqan	Rezqabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolleshunt Major is a small village approximately five miles north east of Maldon, in the Maldon District of Essex, England.	Tolleshunt Major	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turner Valley Bar N Ranch Airport, (TC LID: CFY6), was located at Turner Valley Bar N Ranch, 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) southwest of Turner Valley, Alberta, Canada.	Turner Valley Bar N Ranch Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloughton (pronounced Cloh-tun) is a small village and civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England.	Cloughton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belmont Hill School is an independent boys school located on a 32-acre (130,000 m2) campus in Belmont, a suburb of Boston, Massachusetts.	Belmont Hill School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mari Bujil (Persian: ماري بوجيل‎, also Romanized as Mārī Būjīl; also known as Mārī Gūjel) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mari Bujil	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garça is a town located in the west-central part of the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Garça	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosnowiec (kɔsˈnɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kosnowiec	Gmina Fajsławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maguan County (马关县; pinyin: Mǎguān Xiàn) is located in Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Maguan County	Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mill Run Wind Energy Center is a wind farm located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania with ten 1.5 MW Enron Wind TZs that began commercial operation in November 2001.	Mill Run Wind Energy Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Lick Baths (also known as the People's Laundry Building and 165 Tenth Street) in the South of Market District of San Francisco, California.	James Lick Baths	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Raimundo Nonato is a city located in the southern region of the state of the Piauí, Brazil, and is 576 km away from the capital, Teresina.	São Raimundo Nonato	Piauí
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayview Yacht Club is private, sailing-focused yacht club located in Detroit, Michigan.	Bayview Yacht Club	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadaqeh (Persian: صداقه‎, also Romanized as Şadāqeh) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sadaqeh	Bakeshluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Mark's and Saint John's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Rochester in Monroe County, New York.	Saint Mark's and Saint John's Episcopal Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tregele is a small village located in north Anglesey, Wales.	Tregele	Anglesey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vlasatice, formerly (and, in German, still) known as Wostitz, is a village and municipality (obec) in the Brno-Country District of the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Vlasatice	Brno-Country District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tutshill is a small village within the parish of Tidenham in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, England.	Tutshill	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cianorte is a city in northwest Paraná, Brazil, with an estimated population of 76,456, according to the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics in 2013.	Cianorte	Paraná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanbarlu (Persian: قنبرلو‎, also Romanized as Qanbarlū) is a village in Ani Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qanbarlu	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRNU (90.3 FM) is the college radio station of the University of Nebraska.	KRNU	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkh Geriveh (Persian: سرخ گريوه‎, also Romanized as Sorkh Gerīveh; also known as Sorkh Chārī, Sorkh Geryeh, and Surkhchari) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sorkh Geriveh	Shohada Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John W. Keeney and Erena Alexander Rogers Farm, commonly known simply as the Keeney Farm, is a historic district located at 5300 Monroe Street (M-50) in Franklin Township in north-central Lenawee County, Michigan.	John W. Keeney and Erena Alexander Rogers Farm	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vinje pri Moravčah (pronounced (ˈʋiːnjɛ pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax); German: Swine) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Vinje pri Moravčah	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gemini Giant is a landmark statue on U.S. Route 66 at the Eastern entrance to Wilmington, Will County, Illinois.	Gemini Giant	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Van Sant Covered Bridge, also known as the Beaver Dam Bridge, is a historic covered bridge located in Solebury Township, near New Hope in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Van Sant Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dexter Drumlin, formerly known as Kilbourn Hill, is a 311-foot (95 m) drumlin and a 38 acre (15 ha) open space reservation in Lancaster, Massachusetts.	Dexter Drumlin	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tranquility Grange No. 344 is a historic Grange hall on Maine State Route 52 (Belfast Road) in Lincolnville, Maine.	Tranquility Grange No. 344	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Paczków (ˈstarɨ ˈpat͡ʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Stary Paczków	Gmina Paczków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parsonby is a hamlet in the Allerdale district of the English county of Cumbria.	Parsonby	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holman State Wayside is a state park in Polk County, Oregon, United States, on Oregon Route 22 at the foot of the Eola Hills near the community of Eola.	Holman State Wayside	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houghton County Memorial Airport (IATA: CMX, ICAO: KCMX, FAA LID: CMX) is a county owned, public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) southwest of the central business district of Calumet, a village in Houghton County, Michigan, United States.	Houghton County Memorial Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emigi (Persian: اميگي‎, also Romanized as Emīgī; also known as Chūkhūn) is a village in Jakdan Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Emigi	Jakdan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seljublje (Cyrillic: Сељубље) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Seljublje	Kalesija
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadolice Wielkie (nadɔˈlit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Nädlitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernica, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nadolice Wielkie	Gmina Czernica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasiatychi (Ukrainian: Красятичі, Russian: Красятичи), also spelled Krasyatychi, is an urban-type settlement in Kiev Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Krasiatychi	Kiev Oblast	Ukraine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maddikera is a mandal and village in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Maddikera	Kurnool district
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Escarène is an ancient commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.	L'Escarène	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bárcena Mayor is a village nestled in the mountains of Cantabria, Spain in the municipality of Los Tojos, and is the only residential village within Saja Reservation within the Saja and Nansa valleys community.	Bárcena Mayor	Los Tojos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porte des Morts, also known as Porte des Mortes, the Door of Death, and Death's Door is a strait linking Lake Michigan and Green Bay between the northern tip of the peninsula of Door County, Wisconsin and a group of islands historically known as the Potawatomi Islands and dominated by Washington Island.	Porte des Morts	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Masqaran (Persian: تازه كندمسقران‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Masqarān and Tāzeh Kand Masqarān; also known as Tazakend, Tāzeh Kand, and Tazeh Kand Masfaran) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Masqaran	Azghan Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xima (Chinese: 郄马镇) is a township-level division of Luancheng County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Xima	Luancheng County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The C.A. Rownd Round Barn is an historic structure located south of Cedar Falls, Iowa in Black Hawk County.	C.A. Rownd Round Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenwood Reservoir is a large, 1,073-acre (4.34 km2) impoundment located in Michigan's Upper Peninsula.	Greenwood Reservoir	Michigan
manufacturer	The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a single-engine multirole fighter aircraft originally developed by General Dynamics (now Lockheed Martin) for the United States Air Force (USAF).	General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon	Lockheed Martin
manufacturer	Shalimar-class ferry is a series of three service watercraft being built by Shalimar Works (1980) Ltd, Kolkata for the Indian Navy.	Shalimar-class ferry	Shalimar Works (1980) Ltd
manufacturer	The Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech is the 1930 Ford Model A Sport coupe that serves as the official mascot of the student body at the Georgia Institute of Technology.	Ramblin' Wreck	Ford
manufacturer	Originally known as RFA Stromness (A344), the vessel was built at Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson Ltd, Wallsend as Yard Nr 2017, United Kingdom, for the Royal Navy.	RFA Stromness (A344)	Swan Hunter
manufacturer	The Emma Mærsk was built at the Odense Steel Shipyard in Denmark.	Emma Mærsk	Odense Steel Shipyard
manufacturer	The Cashuat is an armored personnel carrier produced in El Salvador, and based on the Dodge M37B1 (4 × 4)¾ ton truck.	Cashuat	Dodge
manufacturer	The DECSYSTEM-20 was a 36-bit Digital Equipment Corporation PDP-10 mainframe computer running the TOPS-20 operating system (products introduced in 1977).	DECSYSTEM-20	Digital Equipment Corporation
manufacturer	In 2013 Sony announced the PlayStation Eye will be replaced with the PlayStation Camera for the PlayStation 4 console to compete with Microsoft Corporation's Kinect and Nintendo's Wii Remote Plus.	PlayStation Eye	Sony
manufacturer	Windows XP (codenamed Whistler) is a personal computer operating system that was produced by Microsoft as part of the Windows NT family of operating systems.	Windows XP	Microsoft
manufacturer	The Walther P38 (also known as a Pistole 38) is a 9 mm semi-automatic pistol that was developed by Walther arms as the service pistol of the Wehrmacht shortly before World War II. It was intended to replace the costly Luger P08, the production of which was scheduled to end in 1942.	Walther P38	Walther arms
manufacturer	The Denel 35mm Dual Purpose Gun (35DPG) is a close-in weapon system (CIWS) for warships built in South Africa by Denel Land Systems.	Denel 35mm Dual Purpose Gun	Denel Land Systems
manufacturer	The PlayStation Vita (officially abbreviated PS Vita) is a handheld game console manufactured and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment.	PlayStation Vita	Sony Computer Entertainment
manufacturer	The GE U30C was one of the earliest successes from General Electric in the diesel locomotive market.	GE U30C	General Electric
member of political party	Harry Dudkin (June 25-1908-March 5, 1987) was an American Democratic Party politician and judge who served as Clerk of the New Jersey General Assembly.	Harry Dudkin	Democratic Party
member of political party	Kyle Chapman (born 27 April 1971) is a former national director of the New Zealand National Front (NZNF).	Kyle Chapman	New Zealand National Front
member of political party	Tetsuya Shiokawa (塩川鉄也 Shiokawa Tetsuya) is a Japanese politician and member of the House of Representatives for the Japanese Communist Party.	Tetsuya Shiokawa	Japanese Communist Party
member of political party	Gila Gamliel (Hebrew: גילה גמליאל‎, born 24 February 1974) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Likud and Minister for Senior Citizens.	Gila Gamliel	Likud
member of political party	Since Sri Lanka Muslim Congress (SLMC) ever first political party for Sri Lankan Muslims, Basheer Segu Dawood opposed the party and its ideology.	Basheer Segu Dawood	Sri Lanka Muslim Congress
member of political party	Steven Vanackere, (Dutch: (ˈst̪eˑvən vɑnˈɑkərə)) born on 4 February 1964 in Wevelgem, Belgium, is a Flemish politician and member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party (CD&V).	Steven Vanackere	Christian Democratic and Flemish
member of political party	Sven Moren (24 October 1871 -- 14 December 1938) was a Norwegian farmer, poet, story writer, playwright, children's writer, organizer and politician for the Liberal Party.	Sven Moren	Liberal Party
member of political party	Hanns Kerrl joined the Nazi Party (NSDAP) in 1923 and soon afterwards went into regional politics.	Hanns Kerrl	Nazi Party
member of political party	Sir Walter Palmer, 1st Baronet (4 February 1858 -- 16 April 1910) was a biscuit manufacturer and a Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1900 to 1906.	Sir Walter Palmer, 1st Baronet	Conservative Party
member of political party	Shri Nabam Rebia a politician from Indian National Congress party is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Arunachal Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Nabam Rebia	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Rafael Cañedo Benítez (1 January 2014 -- 10 July 2015) was a Mexican businessman and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Rafael Cañedo Benítez	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Manuel Andrade Díaz (born 1965 in Villahermosa, Tabasco) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party and former Governor of Tabasco.	Manuel Andrade Díaz	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Ola Skjåk Bræk (4 February 1912 in Eidsvoll -- 26 December 1999 in Trondheim) was a Norwegian banker and politician for the Liberal Party.	Ola Skjåk Bræk	Liberal Party
member of political party	Jean Spautz (born 9 September 1930 in Schifflange) is a politician in Luxembourg, and a Member of the European Parliament for the Christian Social People's Party, part of the European People's Party.	Jean Spautz	Christian Social People's Party
member of political party	Henry Frazier Reams Sr., generally known as Frazier Reams, (15 January 1897 -- 15 September 1971) was an American politician of the United States Democratic Party from Toledo, Ohio.	Frazier Reams	Democratic Party
member of political party	Nicholas Ridley, Baron Ridley of Liddesdale PC (17 February 1929 -- 4 March 1993) was a British Conservative Party politician and government minister.	Nicholas Ridley, Baron Ridley of Liddesdale	Conservative Party
member of political party	Dragan Đokanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Ђокановић) is a Serb politician (Democratic Party of Federalists), physician, sportsman and one of the most popular men in history of Bosnia and Herzegovina by the research of The Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Dragan Đokanović	Democratic Party of Federalists
member of political party	Carole Ward Allen is an African-American politician, professor, scholar, artist, businesswoman, political consultant, transportation leader, community organizer, member of the Democratic Party and was an elected member of the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) District Board of Directors.	Carole Ward Allen	Democratic Party
member of political party	Gerald Merrithew resigned his provincial seat to run as a Progressive Conservative Party of Canada candidate for the Saint John riding in the 1984 Canadian federal election.	Gerald Merrithew	Progressive Conservative Party of Canada
member of political party	Zhao Kezhi entered the work force in March 1973 as a middle school teacher in his native Laixi, Shandong province, and joined the Communist Party of China in January 1975.	Zhao Kezhi	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Octavian Paler was a substitute member in the Central Committee of the Romanian Communist Party from 1974 to 1979, and a member of the Great National Assembly for the Vaslui constituency, from 1980 to 1985.	Octavian Paler	Romanian Communist Party
member of political party	Hans Baluschek after 1920 was an active member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany, which at the time still professed a Marxist view of history.	Hans Baluschek	Social Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Kurt Allan Ingemar Mundebo, (born 15 October 1930) is a Swedish politician for the Liberal People's Party and former budget and economy minister.	Ingemar Mundebo	Liberal People's Party
member of political party	Ibolya Dávid born Baja, Hungary, 1954 is a Hungarian lawyer, politician, she was the president of the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) between 1999-2010.	Ibolya Dávid	Hungarian Democratic Forum
member of political party	Zhang Jieqing (Chinese: 张洁清; pinyin: Zhāng Jiéqīng; Wade--Giles: Chang Chiehch'ing1, October 1912-27 May 2015) was a Chinese politician and writer, member of Communist Party of China.	Zhang Jieqing	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Georgios Papastamkos (Greek: Γεώργιος Παπαστάμκος) (born 5 March 1955, Platanorrevma, West Macedonia) is a Greek politician and was a Member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2014 for New Democracy; part of the European People's Party.	Georgios Papastamkos	New Democracy
member of political party	Daniel Strož (born 4 August 1943 in Plzeň) is a Czech politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia; part of the European United Left--	Daniel Strož	Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia
member of political party	Howard R. Wood (1887--1958) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the 12th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota under Governors Lynn Frazier and Ragnvald A. Nestos.	Howard R. Wood	Republican Party
member of political party	Michael Comyn KC (6 June 1871 -- 6 October 1952) was an Irish barrister, Fianna Fáil Senator and later a judge on the Circuit Court.	Michael Comyn	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Joseph Ritner (March 25, 1780 -- October 16, 1869) was the eighth Governor of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, elected as a member of the Anti-Masonic Party.	Joseph Ritner	Anti-Masonic Party
member of political party	James Masango is a South African politician, and a member of the opposition Democratic Alliance (DA).	James Masango	Democratic Alliance
member of political party	Ante Vokić (23 August 1909 -- 8 May 1945) was a Croatian/Ustaše politician, general and putschist.	Ante Vokić	Ustaše
member of political party	Ryszard Kalisz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈrɨʂart ˈkalʲiʂ), born February 26, 1957 in Warsaw) is a Polish leftist politician and a former member of the Democratic Left Alliance party.	Ryszard Kalisz	Democratic Left Alliance
member of political party	Alv Kjøs (4 June 1894 -- 14 April 1990) was a Norwegian army officer and politician for the Conservative Party.	Alv Kjøs	Conservative Party
member of political party	Ariel Atias (Hebrew: אריאל אטיאס‎, born 13 November 1970) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shas, and as the country's Minister of Housing and Construction.	Ariel Atias	Shas
member of political party	Rune Fredh (12 July 1945 -- 23 August 2006) was a Norwegian politician who was Party Secretary of the Socialist Electoral League and later the Socialist Left Party from 1973--1977.	Rune Fredh	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Paul T. Jordan (born c. 1941) is an American physician and Democratic Party politician who served as the 37th Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey.	Paul T. Jordan	Democratic Party
member of political party	Lydolf Lind Meløy (11 April 1908 -- 25 May 1999) was a Norwegian educator, trade unionist and politician for the Liberal Party.	Lydolf Lind Meløy	Liberal Party
member of political party	Eve Franklin is a registered nurse, and was a Democratic Party member of the Montana Senate, representing Great Falls from 1991 through 2002.	Eve Franklin	Democratic Party
member of political party	Elizabeth Randall is an American Republican Party politician who serves as a Commissioner of the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities and served on the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 2003 to 2007.	Elizabeth Randall	Republican Party
member of political party	Tore Killingland (born 1953) is a Norwegian business manager, environmentalist and politician for the Liberal Party.	Tore Killingland	Liberal Party
member of political party	Rolf Olsson (1949--2007) was a Swedish Left Party politician, member of the Riksdag from 1998 to 2002 and again from 2003 to 2006.	Rolf Olsson	Left Party
member of political party	Paul Merker (born Oberlößnitz 1 February 1894: died Eichwalde 13 May 1969) was an activist member of Germany's Communist Party (KPD / Kommunistische Partei Deutschlands) who later became a politician and a top official of East Germany's ruling SED (Socialist Unity Party of Germany/Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands).	Paul Merker	Socialist Unity Party of Germany
member of political party	Ingeborg Wærstad (born 4 April 1926) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.	Ingeborg Wærstad	Centre Party
member of political party	Sandra Love (born October 12, 1945) is an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly since January 8, 2008 to January 12, 2010, where she represented the 4th Legislative District.	Sandra Love	Democratic Party
member of political party	Cornelius Augustine McGlennon (December 10, 1878 -- June 13, 1931) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey's 8th congressional district from 1919 to 1921.	Cornelius Augustine McGlennon	Democratic Party
member of political party	Henry Wellesley, 3rd Duke of Wellington (Apsley House, 5 April 1846 -- 8 June 1900, Strathfieldsaye) was a British peer and Conservative Party politician.	Henry Wellesley, 3rd Duke of Wellington	Conservative Party
member of political party	Grace Folashade Bent (born 25 October 1960) is a Nigerian senator who was elected in April 2007 on the People's Democratic Party platform in the Adamawa South constituency of Adamawa State.	Grace Folashade Bent	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Boris Stefanov (also known as Boris Ștefanov, Draganov or Dragu; Bulgarian: Борис Стефанов Матеев, Boris Stefanov Mateev; October 8, 1883 -- October 11, 1969) was a Romanian communist politician, who served as general secretary of the Romanian Communist Party (PCR or PCdR) from 1936 to 1940.	Boris Stefanov	Romanian Communist Party
member of political party	Herbert Dorfmann (born 4 March 1969 in Brixen, South Tyrol) is an Italian agronom and Member of the European Parliament for the South Tyrolean People's Party (Südtiroler Volkspartei, SVP).	Herbert Dorfmann	South Tyrolean People's Party
member of political party	Gitte Lillelund Bech (born 21 January 1969) is a Danish politician who has been Defence Minister representing the Liberal party, Venstre.	Gitte Lillelund Bech	Venstre
member of political party	Sir Edmund Filmer, 9th Baronet (11 July 1835 -- 17 December 1886) was an English Conservative Party politician.	Sir Edmund Filmer, 9th Baronet	Conservative Party
member of political party	Virginia Judge b. Cooma, New South Wales, a former Australian politician, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Strathfield for the Australian Labor Party from 2003 until 2011.	Virginia Judge	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Ahmet Fikri Tüzer (1878, Şumnu, Bulgaria, Ottoman Empire -- 16 August 1942, Ankara) was a member of Republican People's Party and the acting Prime Minister of the Republic of Turkey for two days from 7 July 1942 to 9 July 1942 (during the 12th government of Turkey).	Ahmet Fikri Tüzer	Republican People's Party
member of sports team	Stefan Herzog (born March 19, 1983 in Salzburg) is an Austrian ice hockey forward currently playing for the Graz 99ers of the Erste Bank Hockey League.	Stefan Herzog	Graz 99ers
member of sports team	Astrit Fazliu (born 18 October 1987) is a Kosovar-Albanian footballer who plays as a winger for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Astrit Fazliu	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Ibrahim Chenihi (born January 24, 1990 in M'Sila) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 side Club Africain and the Algeria national team.	Ibrahim Chenihi	Club Africain
member of sports team	John Logan Forsythe (born January 14, 1987) is a professional baseball second baseman for the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Logan Forsythe	Tampa Bay Rays
member of sports team	Gerald Madkins (born April 18, 1969) is an American professional basketball executive who currently serves as the director of scouting for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Gerald Madkins	Los Angeles Clippers
member of sports team	Anvar Rakhimov (Uzbek: Анвар Раҳимов; born 20 February 1988) is an Uzbekistani professional footballer who currently plays for Sogdiana Jizzakh.	Anvar Rakhimov	Sogdiana Jizzakh
member of sports team	Reto Suri (born 25 March 1989) is a Swiss professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the EV Zug of the National League A (NLA).	Reto Suri	EV Zug
member of sports team	Greg Findlay (born August 24, 1942) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker who played 12 years in the Canadian Football League for the BC Lions from 1962 to 1973.	Greg Findlay	BC Lions
member of sports team	Edmond Kapllani (born 31 July 1982 in Durrës, Albania) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a striker for FSV Frankfurt.	Edmond Kapllani	FSV Frankfurt
member of sports team	Tomás Lanzini (Spanish pronunciation: (toˈmaz lanˈzini), born 3 June 1991) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Primera División club Ñublense in Chile as an attacking midfielder.	Tomás Lanzini	Ñublense
member of sports team	John Bruce Dal Canton (June 15, 1941 -- October 7, 2008) was a major league pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1967--70), Kansas City Royals (1971--75), Atlanta Braves (1975--76), and Chicago White Sox (1977).	Bruce Dal Canton	Pittsburgh Pirates	Atlanta Braves	Chicago White Sox
member of sports team	Starlin Javier Santana (born 16 October 1988 in Palo Verde, Monte Cristi) is a Dominican footballer currently playing for FC Tuggen.	Javier Santana	FC Tuggen
member of sports team	Christianno Andrey de Araújo Vieira (born 29 September 1991), simply known as Christianno, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left back for Sport Club do Recife.	Christianno	Sport Club do Recife
member of sports team	Skilled Juanele started playing professionally for Sporting de Gijón, making his first-team -- and La Liga -- debuts at the age of 20 and finishing his first season with his hometown side with three goals in 24 games.	Juanele	Sporting de Gijón
member of sports team	Jean-Baptiste Élissalde (born 23 November 1977) is a former French rugby union player, playing either as a scrum-half or as a fly-half, and current backs coach of the Stade Toulousain.	Jean-Baptiste Élissalde	Stade Toulousain
member of sports team	Geraint Rhys Jones (born 23 August 1987) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team as a fly half or full back.	Geraint Rhys Jones	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Javier Bulfoni (born September 26, 1976 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine professional basketball player currently playing for Obradoiro CAB of the LEB Oro league.	Javier Bulfoni	Obradoiro CAB
member of sports team	Petar Lakov (Bulgarian: Петър Лаков) (born 10 January 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer currently (as of June 2010) playing for FC Sportist Svoge as a midfielder.	Petar Lakov	FC Sportist Svoge
member of sports team	Tyler Donati (born October 17, 1986) is a professional ice hockey right wing, currently playing for the Brampton Beast of the ECHL.	Tyler Donati	Brampton Beast
member of sports team	Brett Kearney (born 29 September 1983 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer formerly with the Bradford Bulls in the Super League, now currently playing for the Collegians in the Illawarra Rugby League competition.	Brett Kearney	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Thomas Saikhom (born 20 September 1982) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a Defender for Rangdajied United F.C. in the I-League.	Thomas Saikhom	Rangdajied United F.C.
member of sports team	Chuang Wei-lun (Chinese: 莊偉倫, born March 17, 1982) is a Taiwanese football player who currently plays for Tatung F.C. and the Chinese Taipei national football team.	Chuang Wei-lun	Tatung F.C.
member of sports team	Blair Anderson (born 1 July 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Basford United F.C..	Blair Anderson	Basford United F.C.
member of sports team	Joshua Talau (born 19 April 1996) is a Papua New Guinean footballer who plays as a defender for Besta United PNG in the NSL and the Papua New Guinea national football team.	Joshua Talau	Besta United PNG
member of sports team	Javin Hunter (born May 9, 1980 in Detroit, Michigan) is a former American football wide receiver from the University of Notre Dame, Baltimore Ravens and the San Francisco 49ers.	Javin Hunter	Baltimore Ravens
member of sports team	Heviel Cordovés González is a Cuban international footballer who currently plays for Charleston Battery in the USL Pro. He participated in Cuba's 2010 World Cup qualifying campaign.	Heviel Cordovés	Charleston Battery
member of sports team	Alemayo Kebede (born 10 April 1987) is an Eritrean footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Adelaide Blue Eagles in the National Premier Leagues.	Alemayo Kebede	Adelaide Blue Eagles
member of sports team	Søren Lyng Christiansen (born July 8, 1966) is a Danish former professional football forward who won the 1993 Danish football championship with F.C. Copenhagen and made two international caps.	Søren Lyng	F.C. Copenhagen
member of sports team	Tomáš Gerát (born 15 June 1993) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club MFK Ružomberok as a midfielder.	Tomáš Gerát	MFK Ružomberok
member of sports team	Nick Pinkney (born 6 December 1970) is an English former rugby league footballer who played as a winger for Ryedale-York, Keighley Cougars, Sheffield Eagles, Halifax, Salford City Reds and Hull Kingston Rovers.	Nick Pinkney	Keighley Cougars	Sheffield Eagles	Hull Kingston Rovers
member of sports team	Paul Rideout (born 14 August 1964) is an English former professional footballer and Youth team coach of Major League Soccer side Sporting Kansas City.	Paul Rideout	Sporting Kansas City
member of sports team	Yosuke Matsumoto (born 27 March 1990) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Giravanz Kitakyushu in the J. League Division 2.	Yosuke Matsumoto	Giravanz Kitakyushu
member of sports team	Josue Soto (born January 3, 1989, in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American soccer player who plays for FF Jaro of the Finnish Ykkönen.	Josue Soto	FF Jaro
member of sports team	Roger Pillath was a player in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams and Pittsburgh Steelers in 1965 and 1966 as a tackle.	Roger Pillath	Los Angeles Rams	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Ivan Janek (born 1 July 1986) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Majstrovstvá regiónu club MFK Zemplín Michalovce B. Janek began his playing career with ŠK Slovan Bratislava.	Ivan Janek	ŠK Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Jason Clermont (born May 24, 1978 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a former professional Canadian football slotback who retired after ten seasons in the Canadian Football League (CFL) with the BC Lions and Saskatchewan Roughriders.	Jason Clermont	BC Lions
member of sports team	Norbert Heffler (born 24 May 1990, in Dunaújváros) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Soproni VSE.	Norbert Heffler	Soproni VSE
member of sports team	Valeriy Zavarov (Ukrainian: Валерій Олександрович Заваров; born 16 August 1988) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Obolon Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Valeriy Zavarov	FC Obolon Kyiv
member of sports team	Sateki Reno Mahe, Jr. (born June 3, 1980) is a retired American football running back who played five seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).	Reno Mahe	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Emmanuel Okocha is a Nigerian former footballer who played as a midfielder for Enugu Rangers and the Nigerian national team.	Emmanuel Okocha	Enugu Rangers
member of sports team	Nauzet Alemán Viera (born 25 February 1985), known simply as Nauzet, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UD Las Palmas mainly as a right midfielder.	Nauzet Alemán	UD Las Palmas
member of sports team	Akombo Ukeyima (born November 25, 1987 in Mokwa) is a Nigerian footballer, who currently plays for Lobi Stars F.C..	Akombo Ukeyima	Lobi Stars F.C.
member of sports team	Trevor Bowers (born 14 March 1983 in Naas) is an Irish footballer, who currently plays for Kildare County F.C. in the League of Ireland.	Trevor Bowers	Kildare County F.C.
member of sports team	Oh Do-hyun (Hangul: 오도현; born 6 December 1994) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Gwangju FC in K League Classic.	Oh Do-hyun	Gwangju FC
member of sports team	Vladan Savić (Cyrillic: Владан Савић, born 26 July 1979 in Ivangrad, Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin footballer, who plays for FK Berane.	Vladan Savić	FK Berane
member of sports team	Danny Bass (born March 31, 1958) is a former linebacker for the Toronto Argonauts in 1980, Calgary Stampeders from 1981--1983 and the Edmonton Eskimos from 1984-1991 of the Canadian Football League.	Danny Bass	Toronto Argonauts	Calgary Stampeders	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Adam Geric (born 21 March 1989) is an Australian ice hockey player currently playing for the Newcastle North Stars in the Australian Ice Hockey League and is a member of the Australian national team.	Adam Geric	Newcastle North Stars
member of sports team	Miroslav Stanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав Станић; born 11 December 1993) is a Serbian football midfielder who currently plays for FK Leotar.	Miroslav Stanić	FK Leotar
member of sports team	Thomas Rhodin (born April 8, 1971 in Karlstad) is an ice hockey defenceman and is currently a player of Leksands IF.	Thomas Rhodin	Leksands IF
member of sports team	Marc Nygaard started his professional career in SC Heerenveen in 1995.	Marc Nygaard	SC Heerenveen
member of sports team	Saïd Bouchouk (born December 29, 1986) is an Algerian football player who plays for JS Kabylie in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Saïd Bouchouk	JS Kabylie
member of sports team	Eliel Swinton (born March 27, 1975) played running back Wendell Brown in the 1999 film Varsity Blues and is a former professional football player with the Kansas City Chiefs.	Eliel Swinton	Kansas City Chiefs
member of sports team	Denys Oliynyk (Ukrainian: Денис Вікторович Олійник; born 16 June 1987 in Zaporizhia, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Vitesse in the Eredivisie.	Denys Oliynyk	Vitesse
member of sports team	Perry Brooks (December 4, 1954 -- March 1, 2010) was an American football defensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins.	Perry Brooks	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Yadiel Rivera (born May 2, 1992) is a Puerto Rican professional baseball infielder for the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Yadiel Rivera	Milwaukee Brewers
member of sports team	Erik Zenga (born 18 January 1993) is a naturalized German footballer who currently plays for SV Sandhausen.	Erik Zenga	SV Sandhausen
member of sports team	Joe Kurth (born January 23, 1907 and died January 16, 1987 in Richardson, Texas) was a tackle for the Green Bay Packers.	Joe Kurth	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Mathias Frank (born 9 December 1986) is a Swiss road bicycle racer for UCI WorldTour Team IAM Cycling.	Mathias Frank	IAM Cycling
member of sports team	Borislava Kireva (Bulgarian: Борислава Кирева) (born 7 January 1989) is a Bulgarian football midfielder currently playing for FC NSA Sofia.	Borislava Kireva	FC NSA Sofia
member of sports team	Valmir Berisha (born 6 June 1996) is a Swedish footballer, of Albanian origin who plays as a forward for SC Cambuur in the Eredivisie.	Valmir Berisha	SC Cambuur
member of sports team	Frank Nigro (born February 11, 1960 in Richmond Hill, Ontario) is a professional ice hockey player who played 68 games in the National Hockey League with the Toronto Maple Leafs.	Frank Nigro	Toronto Maple Leafs
member of sports team	Sibi Gwar (born September 9, 1987 in Gboko) is a Nigerian football player who plays for Shooting Stars SC in the Nigeria Premier League.	Sibi Gwar	Shooting Stars SC
member of sports team	Ousmane Mané (born 1 October 1990 in Diourbel) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for home town club Diambars as a goalkeeper.	Ousmane Mané	Diambars
member of sports team	Marko Krasić (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Красић; born 1 December 1985) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Serbian White Eagles FC on loan from Inđija.	Marko Krasić	Serbian White Eagles FC
member of sports team	Dane Tilse (born 24 January 1985, in Scone, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Hull Kingston Rovers in the Super League.	Dane Tilse	Hull Kingston Rovers
member of sports team	Chukwuma Akabueze (born 6 May 1989), nicknamed ``Bentley'', is a Nigerian professional footballer who currently plays for Odds BK in the Norwegian Premier League.	Chukwuma Akabueze	Odds BK
member of sports team	Ayinde Jamiu Lawal (born 12 May 1988) is a Nigerian professional football midfielder, who currently plays for the Danish 1st Division side Skive IK.	Ayinde Jamiu Lawal	Skive IK
member of sports team	Cosme Damião (2 November 1885 -- 12 June 1947) was a Portuguese football player-coach for S.L. Benfica.	Cosme Damião	S.L. Benfica
member of sports team	Ismaeel Mohammad (Arabic: إسماعيل محمد; born 5 April 1990) is a Qatari professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Lekhwiya SC in the Qatar Stars League.	Ismaeel Mohammad	Lekhwiya SC
member of sports team	Salvatore D'Elia (born 10 February 1989) is an Italian footballer who plays for Vicenza Calcio, in the Italian Serie B.	Salvatore D'Elia	Vicenza Calcio
member of sports team	Rovérsio spent the 2012--13 season in Turkey with Orduspor.	Rovérsio	Orduspor
member of sports team	Scott Lawson (born 28 September 1981 in Lanark) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays club rugby for Newcastle Falcons.	Scott Lawson	Newcastle Falcons
member of sports team	Born in Maputo, Mexer began his career with Grupo Desportivo de Maputo.	Mexer	Grupo Desportivo de Maputo
member of sports team	Sebastian Vettel (German pronunciation: (zeˈbastjan ˈfɛtəl); born 3 July 1987) is a German racing driver, currently driving in Formula One for Scuderia Ferrari.	Sebastian Vettel	Scuderia Ferrari
member of sports team	Tibor Bábik (born 12 November 1973 in Paks) is a Hungarian football (defender) player who has spent most of his career playing for Paksi SE.	Tibor Bábik	Paksi SE
member of sports team	Paweł Zieliński (born 17 July 1990) is a Polish footballer who plays as a right back for Śląsk Wrocław.	Paweł Zieliński	Śląsk Wrocław
member of sports team	Bert Zuurman (born 16 March 1973) is a retired football striker from the Netherlands, who made his professional debut in the 1990-1991 season for FC Groningen.	Bert Zuurman	FC Groningen
member of sports team	Luis Diego Cordero Jiménez (born May 21, 1988) is a Costa Rican football midfielder currently playing for Primera División club C.S. Herediano.	Luis Diego Cordero	C.S. Herediano
member of sports team	Amos Youga (born 8 December 1992) is a Central African professional footballer who plays as a Central midfielder for Gazélec Ajaccio.	Amos Youga	Gazélec Ajaccio
member of sports team	Martin Grenier (born November 2, 1980) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Phoenix Coyotes, Vancouver Canucks, and Philadelphia Flyers.	Martin Grenier	Vancouver Canucks	Philadelphia Flyers
member of sports team	Michael Tuck (born 24 June 1953) is a seven-time premiership-winning player, Australian rules footballer with the Hawthorn Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) / Australian Football League (AFL), where he is the games record holder.	Michael Tuck	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Richard Blaze (born 19 April 1985 in Birmingham, England) is an English former rugby union player, who played Lock for Leicester Tigers.	Richard Blaze	Leicester Tigers
member of sports team	Felix Hollenstein (born April 7, 1965) is a former Swiss ice hockey player, who became four times Swiss champion with the EHC Kloten in the Nationalliga A. Since 2004 he is the assistant coach of the Kloten Flyers.	Felix Hollenstein	Kloten Flyers
member of sports team	Andrzej Wrona (born 27 December 1988) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team and Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów, 2014 World Champion, Polish Champion (2014).	Andrzej Wrona	Skra Bełchatów
member of sports team	Azer Aliyev (Russian: Азер Алиев, Azerbaijani: Azər Əliyev; born May 12, 1994) is a Russian football midfielder of Azerbaijani origin who currently plays for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk.	Azer Aliyev	FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk
member of sports team	Stephan Lehmann (born 15 August 1963, in Schaffhausen) is a retired Swiss football goalkeeper who works as goalkeeper coach for FC Sion.	Stephan Lehmann	FC Sion
member of sports team	Matthias Goossen (born October 14, 1992) is a Canadian gridiron football centre currently playing for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL).	Matthias Goossen	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Mattias Håkansson (born 20 February 1993) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Trelleborgs FF in Allsvenskan as a midfielder.	Mattias Håkansson	Trelleborgs FF
member of sports team	Al Chandler is a former professional American football player who played tight end for five seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals, New England Patriots, and St. Louis Cardinals.	Al Chandler	Cincinnati Bengals	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Elixabete Capa Cia is a Spanish former football goalkeeper who played for Añorga KKE and Athletic Bilbao in the Superliga Femenina.	Elixabete Capa	Añorga KKE
member of sports team	Sampson Cudjoe (born June 22, 1988) is a Ghanaian footballer, who is currently playing for Accra Hearts of Oak SC in the Ghana Premier League.	Sampson Cudjoe	Accra Hearts of Oak SC
member of sports team	Hal Leathers (2 December 1898 -- 12 April 1977) was a Major league baseball shortstop/second baseman who played seven games for the 1920 Chicago Cubs.	Hal Leathers	Chicago Cubs
member of sports team	Gam Han-sol(Hangul: 감한솔; Hanja: 甘한솔; born 19 November 1993) is a South Korean football Midfielder who plays for Daegu FC)) in K League Challenge and the South Korea national under-23 football team.	Gam Han-sol	Daegu FC
member of sports team	Stefan Thesker (born 11 April 1991) is a German footballer who plays as a centre back for Twente, on loan from Greuther Fürth.	Stefan Thesker	Greuther Fürth
member of sports team	Fernando Marçal Oliveira (born 19 February 1989), known simply as Marçal, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Gaziantepspor, on loan from Portuguese club Benfica.	Fernando Marçal	Gaziantepspor
member of sports team	Ellary White (born circa 1991) is an English football player who is a played for the Montserrat national football team.	Ellary White	Montserrat national football team
member of sports team	Olaf Schreiber (born 12 September 1969) is a retired German football midfielder who played for FC Carl Zeiss Jena, FSV Zwickau and VfL Bochum.	Olaf Schreiber	VfL Bochum
member of sports team	Sandra Betschart (born 30 March 1989) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a defender for Swedish club Sunnanå SK and the Switzerland women's national football team.	Sandra Betschart	Sunnanå SK
member of sports team	Givi Didava (Georgian: გივი დიდავა; born 21 March 1976) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Spartaki-Tskhinvali Tbilisi.	Givi Didava	Spartaki-Tskhinvali Tbilisi
member of sports team	Jonathan Joubert (born 12 September 1979) is a French-born Luxembourgian football player, who currently plays for F91 Dudelange.	Jonathan Joubert	F91 Dudelange
member of sports team	Niels Frederiksen is educated in economics, and worked in Danske Bank for several years, while having a part time job as youth coach at B93 and Lyngby Boldklub.	Niels Frederiksen	Lyngby Boldklub
member of sports team	Leutrim Pajaziti (Serbian Cyrillic: Леутрим Пајазити) (born 19 July 1992 in Preševo, FR Yugoslavia) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Albanian Superliga side KF Drita as an offensive midfielder.	Leutrim Pajaziti	KF Drita
member of sports team	Romano Lemm (born 25 June 1984 in Dielsdorf, Switzerland) is a Swiss professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Kloten Flyers in the National League A (NLA).	Romano Lemm	Kloten Flyers
member of sports team	Artjoms Rudņevs (born 13 January 1988) is a Latvian footballer who plays as a striker for Bundesliga club Hamburger SV and the Latvian national football team.	Artjoms Rudņevs	Hamburger SV
member of sports team	Constant Djakpa (born 17 October 1986) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a left back for Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga.	Constant Djakpa	Eintracht Frankfurt
member of sports team	After this success, Oleksandr Hladkyy was noticed by one of Ukrainian leaders FC Shakhtar Donetsk and on 8 June 2007, he signed a 5-year deal worth €2.5 million with the club.	Oleksandr Hladkyy	FC Shakhtar Donetsk
member of sports team	Quinton Howden (born January 21, 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays within the Florida Panthers organization of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Quinton Howden	Florida Panthers
member of sports team	After Red Star Belgrade Leo Lerinc played for Ethnikos Achnas From Cyprus, Ciudad de Murcia from Spain, FC St. Gallen in the Swiss Super League and Dinamo Bucharest of Romania before returning to his native country in 2007 to play for FK Vojvodina.	Leo Lerinc	Ciudad de Murcia	FC St. Gallen
member of sports team	Greg Hire (born 19 September 1987) in an Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Perth Wildcats of the National Basketball League (NBL).	Greg Hire	Perth Wildcats
member of sports team	Maximilian Wagener (born 3 January 1995 in Wülfrath) is a German footballer who plays as a winger, currently for 1. FSV Mainz 05 II on loan from Bayer Leverkusen.	Maximilian Wagener	1. FSV Mainz 05 II
military branch	George Adams Bright (1837--1905) was a United States Navy officer and surgeon, who retired with the rank of Rear Admiral.	George Adams Bright	United States Navy
military branch	Junius Wallace Jones, B. S., (1890--1977) was a major general in the United States Air Force.	Junius Wallace Jones	United States Air Force
military branch	Carl Gamborg-Andresen (born March 10, 1866 - March 4, 1936) was a Norwegian born American military officer serving in the United States Marine Corps during the Boxer Rebellion who was one of 23 Marine Corps officers approved to receive the Marine Corps Brevet Medal for bravery.	Carl Gamborg-Andresen	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Samuel Nicholas (1744 -- 27 August 1790) was the first officer commissioned in the United States Continental Marines (predecessor to the United States Marine Corps) and by tradition is considered to be the first Commandant of the Marine Corps.	Samuel Nicholas	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Charles James Carey (7 May 1838 - 14 March 1891) was a Royal Navy officer who rose to the rank of captain and won medals for his service during the Crimean War and the Second Opium War.	Charles James Carey	Royal Navy
military branch	Otto Hoffmann von Waldau (7 July 1898 -- 17 May 1943) was a World War II Luftwaffe general and was killed in an air crash on 17 May 1943.	Otto Hoffmann von Waldau	Luftwaffe
military branch	Dennis Nielsen is a retired United States Air Force Colonel who is most widely known for having participated in rescue effort of the United Airlines Flight 232 crash in Sioux City, Iowa in 1989.	Dennis Nielsen	United States Air Force
military branch	Ross T. Dwyer (July 20, 1919 -- October 8, 2001) was a United States Marine Corps major general who retired in 1974 after over 32 years of service.	Ross T. Dwyer	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Admiral William Hotham, 1st Baron Hotham (1736--1813) was an officer in the Royal Navy.	William Hotham, 1st Baron Hotham	Royal Navy
military branch	The Lancastrian and Cumbrian Volunteers was a Territorial Army unit of the British Army.	Lancastrian and Cumbrian Volunteers	British Army
military branch	Harold Dale Meyerkord (1937--1965) was a United States Navy officer who received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions during a battle in which he was killed during the Vietnam War Meyerkord was born on 9 October 1937 at St. Louis, Missouri.	Harold Dale Meyerkord	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Barrington Reynolds, GCB (1786 -- 3 August 1861), was a senior and long-serving officer of the British Royal Navy who went to sea with his father aged only nine during the French Revolutionary Wars and was captured by the French aged eleven.	Barrington Reynolds	Royal Navy
military branch	George Washington Bright (December 27, 1874 -- March 20, 1949) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	George Washington Bright	United States Navy
military branch	2nd Battalion, 2nd Marines (2/2) is a light infantry battalion in the United States Marine Corps based out of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.	2nd Battalion, 2nd Marines	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Hans Francis Hastings, 12th Earl of Huntingdon (14 August 1779 -- 9 December 1828) was a British Royal Navy officer and peer.	Hans Francis Hastings, 12th Earl of Huntingdon	Royal Navy
military branch	The 57th (West Middlesex) Regiment of Foot was a regiment of line infantry in the British Army.	57th (West Middlesex) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Richard Sherwood Satterlee was a brigadier general in the Union Army.	Richard Sherwood Satterlee	Union Army
military branch	Yair Naveh (Hebrew: יאיר נוה‎, born 5 September 1957) is a Major General in the Israel Defense Forces and a former Deputy Chief of the General Staff.	Yair Naveh	Israel Defense Forces
military branch	The Royal Anglian Regiment (R ANGLIAN) is an infantry regiment of the British Army and is one of the four regiments of the Queen's Division.	Royal Anglian Regiment	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant Peter Gamble (November 5, 1793-- September 11, 1814) was an officer in the United States Navy during the War of 1812.	Peter Gamble	United States Navy
military branch	Field Marshal John Campbell, 2nd Duke of Argyll, 1st Duke of Greenwich KG KT (10 October 1680 -- 4 October 1743), styled Lord Lorne from 1680 to 1703, was a Scottish nobleman and senior commander in the British Army.	John Campbell, 2nd Duke of Argyll	British Army
military branch	The Herefordshire Light Infantry was a regiment of the British Army from 1861 to 1967.	Herefordshire Light Infantry	British Army
military branch	The 80th Regiment of Foot (Staffordshire Volunteers) was an infantry regiment of the British Army, created in 1793 and amalgamated into The South Staffordshire Regiment in 1881.	80th Regiment of Foot (Staffordshire Volunteers)	British Army
military branch	José M. Cabanillas (September 23, 1901 -- September 15, 1979), was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy who as an Executive Officer of the USS Texas participated in the invasions of North Africa and the Battle of Normandy (also known as D-Day) during World War II.	José M. Cabanillas	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Vaux, CMG, DSO, VD, DL (5 March 1865 -- 21 November 1925) was a British Army officer and businessman.	Ernest Vaux	British Army
military branch	Frederick Moosbrugger (9 October 1900 -- 1 October 1974) was an officer of the United States Navy eventually attaining the rank of vice admiral.	Frederick Moosbrugger	United States Navy
military branch	Benjamin Tupper (March 11, 1738 -- June 16, 1792) was a soldier in the French and Indian War, and an officer of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, achieving the rank of brevet brigadier general.	Benjamin Tupper	Continental Army
military branch	Joseph Fitz (May 24, 1886 Austria -- February 24, 1945) was a United States Navy Ordinary Seaman who received the Medal of Honor for actions on March 8, 1906 during the Philippine-American War.	Joseph Fitz	United States Navy
military branch	The 87th Regiment of Foot (Keith's Highlanders) was a Scottish infantry regiment in the British Army, formed in 1759 and disbanded in 1763.	87th Regiment of Foot (Keith's Highlanders)	British Army
military branch	Vice Admiral Charles Adams Blakely (1 October 1879 -- 12 September 1950) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War I and the interwar period.	Charles Adams Blakely	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Michael Culme-Seymour, 3rd Baronet GCB, GCVO (13 March 1836 -- 11 October 1920) was a senior Royal Navy officer.	Sir Michael Culme-Seymour, 3rd Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-General Sir Lionel Vivian Bond, KBE, CB (1884--1961) was a senior officer in the British Army.	Lionel Vivian Bond	British Army
military branch	Lee Child goes back to 1989, when Jack Reacher is serving as an officer in the military police.	Jack Reacher	military police
military branch	The 141st (5th London) Brigade (141 Bde) was an infantry brigade of the Territorial Army, part of the British Army, that served in World War I and remained in the United Kingdom throughout World War II.	141st (5th London) Brigade	British Army
military branch	Martha McSally (born March 22, 1966) is a retired United States Air Force Colonel and politician who is currently a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives.	Martha McSally	United States Air Force
mother	Pelias (/ˈpiːlɪˌæs/; Greek: Πελίας) was king of Iolcus in Greek mythology, the son of Tyro and Poseidon.	Pelias	Tyro
mother	Hannah Waterman-Groves (born 22 July 1975) is an English actress, daughter of Minder star Dennis Waterman and actress Patricia Maynard.	Hannah Waterman	Patricia Maynard
mother	In Greek mythology, Polyxena (/pəˈlɪksɨnə/; Greek: Πολυξένη) was the youngest daughter of King Priam of Troy and his queen, Hecuba.	Polyxena	Hecuba
mother	Irène Joliot-Curie (12 September 1897 -- 17 March 1956) was a French scientist, the daughter of Marie Curie and Pierre Curie and the wife of Frédéric Joliot-Curie.	Irène Joliot-Curie	Marie Curie
mother	Rigunth was the eldest child and only recorded daughter of Chilperic and Fredegund.	Rigunth	Fredegund
mother	Sophia of Masovia (1497/1498 - before 11 March 1543 ) was a Princess of Masovia, daughter of Konrad III Rudy, Duke of Masovia and his wife Anna Radziwiłł.	Sophia of Masovia	Anna Radziwiłł
mother	In Greek mythology, Thyestes (pronounced /θaɪˈɛstiːz/, Greek: Θυέστης, (tʰyéstɛːs)) was the son of Pelops and Hippodamia.	Thyestes	Hippodamia
mother	Martina von Trapp (17 February 1921 -- 25 February 1951) was a member of the Trapp Family Singers and was the seventh child of Georg von Trapp and his first wife, Agatha Whitehead von Trapp.	Martina von Trapp	Agatha Whitehead
mother	Mildburh was a daughter of Merewalh, King of the Mercian sub-kingdom of Magonsaete, and Domne Eafe.	Mildburh	Domne Eafe
mouth of the watercourse	Wakhan River (Persian: اب واخان‎, āb-e vakhān, Tajik: Wakhandarya), also known in English as Ab-i-Wakhan, is the name of the Sarhad branch of the Panj River along its upper length in Wakhan, Afghanistan.	Wakhan River	Panj River
mouth of the watercourse	The Bitterroot River is a tributary of the Clark Fork River in southwestern Montana, USA.	Bitterroot River	Clark Fork
mouth of the watercourse	The Panj River (/ˈpɑːndʒ/; Tajik: Панҷ), also known as Pyandzh River or Pyanj River (derived from its Russian name ``Пяндж''), is a tributary of the Amu Darya.	Panj River	Amu Darya
mouth of the watercourse	The Klyazma River (Russian: Клязьма) is a river in the Moscow, Nizhny Novgorod, Ivanovo and Vladimir Oblasts in Russia, a left tributary of the Oka River.	Klyazma River	Oka River
mouth of the watercourse	The Pecatonica River is a tributary of the Rock River, 194 miles (312 km) long, in southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois in the United States.	Pecatonica River	Rock River
mouth of the watercourse	The mouth of the Orinoco at the Atlantic Ocean was documented by Columbus on 1 August 1498, during his third voyage.	Orinoco	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Bundara River rises east of Mount Hotham and Mount Loch in the Australian Alps in the Alpine National Park at an elevation of 1,420 m (4,659 ft), and flows into the Big River about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of Anglers Rest.	Bundara River	Big River
mouth of the watercourse	Surxondaryo River, also Surkhandarya River, Surxon River, Surkhan River, Surkhan Darya (darya means ``river'') is a river in Uzbekistan, a right tributary of the Amu Darya.	Surxondaryo River	Amu Darya
mouth of the watercourse	The Kadalundi River drains an area of 1274 km² and has a length of 120 km. The Kadalundi Bird Sanctuary spreads over a cluster of islands where the Kadalundipuzha River flows into the Arabian Sea.	Kadalundi River	Arabian Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Kleine Emme is a river of the canton of Lucerne, Switzerland, a left tributary of the Reuss extending for 58 km, draining a basin of 477 km².	Kleine Emme	Reuss
mouth of the watercourse	Ahr is a river in Germany, a left tributary of the Rhine.	Ahr	Rhine
named after	In mathematics, Landau's function g(n), named after Edmund Landau, is defined for every natural number n to be the largest order of an element of the symmetric group Sn.	Landau's function	Edmund Landau
named after	Aegirine was named after Ægir, the Teutonic god of the sea.	Aegirine	Ægir
named after	The Coulomb barrier, named after Coulomb's law, which is named after physicist Charles-Augustin de Coulomb (1736--1806), is the energy barrier due to electrostatic interaction that two nuclei need to overcome so they can get close enough to undergo a nuclear reaction.	Coulomb barrier	Charles-Augustin de Coulomb
named after	Moser's worm problem is an unsolved problem in geometry formulated by the Austrian-Canadian mathematician Leo Moser in 1966.	Moser's worm problem	Leo Moser
named after	Blödite was first described in 1821 for an occurrence in a salt deposit in Ischler Salzberg, Bad Ischl, Gmunden, Austria and named for German mineralogist and chemist Karl August Blöde (1773--1820).	Blödite	Karl August Blöde
named after	Tyndallization is a process dating from the nineteenth century for sterilizing substances, usually food, named after its inventor, scientist John Tyndall.	Tyndallization	John Tyndall
named after	The Open and Free Technology Community (OFTC) is an IRC network that provides collaboration services to members of the free software community in any part of the world.	Open and Free Technology Community	free software community
named after	In mathematics, Hilbert's syzygy theorem is a result of commutative algebra, first proved by David Hilbert (1890) in connection with the syzygy (relation) problem of invariant theory.	Hilbert's syzygy theorem	David Hilbert
named after	The Sibelius Society of Finland (Finnish: Sibelius-Seura ry, Swedish: Sibelius-Samfundet rf) is a society in Finland dedicated to the music of the Finnish composer Jean Sibelius.	Sibelius Society of Finland	Jean Sibelius
named after	Martensite, named after the German metallurgist Adolf Martens (1850--1914), most commonly refers to a very hard form of steel crystalline structure, but it can also refer to any crystal structure that is formed by diffusionless transformation.	Martensite	Adolf Martens
named after	Mozart's birthplace (German: Mozarts Geburtshaus or Hagenauerhaus) was the birthplace of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart at No. 9 Getreidegasse in Salzburg, Austria.	Mozart's birthplace	Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
named after	The Fourier series is named in honour of Jean-Baptiste Joseph Fourier (1768--1830), who made important contributions to the study of trigonometric series, after preliminary investigations by Leonhard Euler, Jean le Rond d'Alembert, and Daniel Bernoulli.	Fourier series	Joseph Fourier
narrative location	Beginners premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival, where the Los Angeles Times heralded it as a ``heady, heartfelt film'' with a cast who have ``a strong sense of responsibility to their real-world counterparts''.	Beginners	Los Angeles
narrative location	Fallen Grace is a book by Mary Hooper set in Victorian London in 1861.	Fallen Grace	London
narrative location	The Race of the Tiger is an historical novel by the Welsh writer Alexander Cordell (1914--1997) set in mid-19th century Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	The Race of the Tiger	Pittsburgh
narrative location	The Apple Dumpling Gang is a 1971 novel by Jack Bickham, about a group of orphaned children during the California gold rush.	The Apple Dumpling Gang	California
narrative location	Midnight Caller starred Gary Cole as Jack Killian, a former San Francisco police detective who had quit the force after he accidentally shot his partner to death in a confrontation with armed criminals.	Midnight Caller	San Francisco
narrative location	Trip City is a novel set in the underground world of London nightclubs and concerns a fictional designer drug called FX.	Trip City	London
narrative location	Gavin & Stacey is a British romantic situation comedy that follows the long-distance relationship of Gavin (Mathew Horne) from Billericay in Essex, England, and Stacey (Joanna Page) from Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.	Gavin & Stacey	Wales
narrative location	Distant Drums is a 1951 ``Florida Western'' film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Gary Cooper.	Distant Drums	Florida
native language	Pierre Molinier (April 13, 1900 -- March 3, 1976) was a French painter, photographer and ``maker of objects''.	Pierre Molinier	French
native language	Laure Duthilleul (born 14 January 1959) is a French actress, director and screenwriter.	Laure Duthilleul	French
native language	Nicole Croisille (born 9 October 1936 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a French singer and actress.	Nicole Croisille	French
native language	Charles Monselet (30 April 1825, Nantes - 19 May 1888, Paris) was a French journalist, novelist, poet and playwright, nicknamed ``the king of the gastronomes'' by his contemporaries.	Charles Monselet	French
native language	Otto Marseus van Schrieck (ca. 1613, in Nijmegen -- buried 22 June 1678, in Amsterdam) was a painter in the Dutch Golden Age.	Otto Marseus van Schrieck	Dutch
native language	Guillaume Apollinaire (French: (ɡijom apɔlinɛʁ); 26 August 1880 -- 9 November 1918) was a French poet, playwright, short story writer, novelist, and art critic of Polish descent.	Guillaume Apollinaire	French
native language	Gautier de Coincy (1177--1236) was a French abbot, poet and musical arranger, chiefly known for his devotion to the Virgin Mary.	Gautier de Coincy	French
native language	Joseph-Eugène Bonnemère (21 February 1813, Saumur -- 1 November 1893, Louerre) was a French historian and writer.	Eugène Bonnemère	French
native language	Martin Pfaff (born 31 March 1939) is a German economist and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SDP) who was a member of the Bundestag from 1990 to 2002.	Martin Pfaff	German
native language	Adalbert Vitalyos (10 July 1914 - 24 May 2000) was a French journalist born in Hungary.	Adalbert Vitalyos	French
native language	Jan Karel Lenstra (born 19 December 1947, in Zaandam) is a Dutch mathematician and operations researcher, known for his work on scheduling algorithms, local search, and the travelling salesman problem.	Jan Karel Lenstra	Dutch
native language	Claude Vigée (born Claude Strauss on 3 January 1921) is a French poet who writes in French and Alsatian.	Claude Vigée	French
native language	Jodocus Hondius (Latinized version of his Dutch name: Joost de Hondt) (14 October 1563 -- 12 February 1612), sometimes called Jodocus Hondius the Elder to distinguish him from his son Jodocus Hondius II, was a Flemish / Dutch engraver, and cartographer.	Jodocus Hondius	Dutch
native language	Calixthe Beyala (born 1961) is a Cameroonian-born French writer who writes in French.	Calixthe Beyala	French
native language	Georges Rodenbach was born in Tournai to a French mother and a German father from the Rhineland (Andernach).	Georges Rodenbach	French
native language	Tony D'Amario (28 May 1961 - 29 June 2005 in Paris) was a French actor best known for his role as K2 in Banlieue 13.	Tony D'Amario	French
native language	Pierre Sylvain Dumon (14 February 1797 -- 24 February 1870) was a French politician who was a deputy from 1831 to 1848, and Minister of Finance in the last years of the July Monarchy.	Pierre Sylvain Dumon	French
native language	Martin Aku (September 2, 1913 in Lomé, Togo -- June 17, 1970 in Lomé) was a Togolese politician who served in the French National Assembly from 1946-1951 .	Martin Aku	French
native language	Frank Lequin (1946- ) is a Dutch historian, academic, editor and author.	Frank Lequin	Dutch
native language	Louis-Arsène Delaunay (1826--1903), French actor, was born in Paris, the son of a wine-seller.	Louis-Arsène Delaunay	French
native language	Louis-Désiré Véron (1798, Paris - September 27, 1867, Paris) was a French opera manager and publisher.	Louis-Désiré Véron	French
native language	Rachel Devirys (28 February 1890 - 16 May 1983) was a French film actress born in the Crimea, Russian Empire (now Ukraine).	Rachel Devirys	French
native language	André Pousse (20 October 1919 -- 9 September 2005) was a noted French actor and, in his youth, also a notable cyclist.	André Pousse	French
native language	Monika Stolz (born March 24, 1951) is a German politician for the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) in Baden-Württemberg and was Minister of Work, Social Order, Women and the Elderly from 2006 to 2011.	Monika Stolz	German
native language	François Béroalde de Verville (Paris, 27 April 1556 -- 19--26 October 1626, Tours) was a French Renaissance novelist, poet and intellectual.	François Béroalde de Verville	French
native language	Lucien Bernier (born May 27, 1914 in Guadeloupe, and died April 5, 1989) was a politician from Guadeloupe who was elected to the French Senate in 1958 .	Lucien Bernier	French
native language	Marie-France Boyer (born 22 April 1938 in Marseille) is a French actress, singer and the author of many internationally published non-fiction books on France.	Marie-France Boyer	French
native language	Pierre-Suzanne-Augustin Cochin (1823 -- 1872), born in Paris, was a French politician and writer with an interest in social and economic issues.	Pierre-Suzanne-Augustin Cochin	French
native language	Georges Suarez (1890--1944) was a French writer, essayist and journalist.	Georges Suarez	French
native language	Marcel Aymé (March 29, 1902 -- October 14, 1967) was a French novelist, children's writer, humour writer and also a screenwriter and theatre playwright.	Marcel Aymé	French
native language	Auguste Nefftzer (3 February 1820 -- 20 August 1876) was a French journalist, who was known for founding the publications Revue Germanique in 1858 and Le Temps 1861, as well as his translation of Life of Jesus and L’ami Fritz.	Auguste Nefftzer	French
native language	Jana Schimke (born Cottbus, Germany, 6 September 1979) is a German politician who represents the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) in the Bundestag, the German federal parliament.	Jana Schimke	German
native language	Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges (7 November 1799 - 23 December 1875), French dramatist, was born and died in Paris.	Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges	French
native language	Renate Schmidt (née Pokorny, born 12 December 1943 in Hanau) is a German Social Democratic politician.	Renate Schmidt	German
native language	Pierre Claude François Daunou (French: (donu); 18 August 1761 -- 20 June 1840) was a French statesman and historian of the French Revolution and Empire.	Pierre Claude François Daunou	French
native language	Jean-Louis Aubert (15 February 1731, Paris -- 10 November 1814), called the Abbé Aubert, was a French dramatist, poet and journalist, son of the violinist and composer Jacques Aubert (1686-1753).	Abbé Aubert	French
native language	Hubert Haenel (20 May 1942 -- 10 August 2015 in Paris) was a French politician and a member of the Senate of France.	Hubert Haenel	French
native language	Marie-Line Reynaud (born 17 July 1954 in Barbezieux-Saint-Hilaire, Charente) is a French politician who is a deputy to the National Assembly of France for the second division of Charente départment.	Marie-Line Reynaud	French
native language	André Maurois (French: (mɔʁwa); born Émile Salomon Wilhelm Herzog; 26 July 1885 -- 9 October 1967) was a French author.	André Maurois	French
native language	Christian Estrosi (born 1 July 1955) is a French sportsman and politician.	Christian Estrosi	French
native language	David Peace (born 1967) is an English writer.	David Peace	English
native language	Michel Alcan (21 May 1810 -- 26 January 1877) was a French Jewish engineer, politician, and author; born at Donnelay, in the department of Meurthe-et-Moselle, France, died at Paris.	Michel Alcan	French
native language	Émile Mâle (French: (emil mɑl); 2 June 1862 -- 6 October 1954) was a French art historian, one of the first to study medieval, mostly sacral French art and the influence of Eastern European iconography thereon.	Émile Mâle	French
native language	Dominique Bouhours (15 May 1628 -- 27 May 1702) was a French Jesuit priest, essayist, grammarian, and neo-classical critic.	Dominique Bouhours	French
native language	Jean-François Honoré, baron Merlet (26 September 1761 - 16 December 1830) was a French statesman of the French Revolution and French Empire.	Jean-François Honoré, baron Merlet	French
native language	Philippe Curval is the pseudonym of Philippe Tronche (born December 27, 1929), a French journalist and science fiction writer.	Philippe Curval	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste de Mirabaud (1675, Paris -- 24 June 1760, Paris) was a French writer and translator.	Jean-Baptiste de Mirabaud	French
native language	Olivier Weber (born 1958) is an award-winning French writer, novelist and reporter at large, known primarily for his coverage of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.	Olivier Weber	French
native language	Florence Noiville (French: (nwavil)), a French author and journalist, is a long time staff writer for Le Monde and editor of foreign fiction for Le Monde des Livres, the literary supplement of Le Monde.	Florence Noiville	French
native language	Cora Stephan is a German-speaking writer and essayist.	Cora Stephan	German
native language	Barthélemy Prosper Enfantin (8 February 1796 -- 1 September 1864) was a French social reformer, one of the founders of Saint-Simonianism.	Barthélemy Prosper Enfantin	French
native language	Kev Adams or Kev' Adams (born Kevin Smadja on 1 July 1991) is a French comedian, actor, screenwriter and film producer.	Kev Adams	French
native language	Albert Guillaume (14 February 1873 -- 10 August 1942) was a French painter and caricaturist.	Albert Guillaume	French
native language	Marie-Jeanne L'Héritier de Villandon (November 12, 1664 -- February 24, 1734) was an aristocratic French writer and salonnière of the late 17th century, and a niece of Charles Perrault.	Marie-Jeanne L'Héritier	French
native language	Monique Wittig (French: (vitig); July 13, 1935 -- January 3, 2003) was a French author and feminist theorist who wrote about overcoming socially enforced gender roles and who coined the phrase ``heterosexual contract''.	Monique Wittig	French
native language	Flavia Bujor (born 8 August 1988) is a French novelist of Romanian origin.	Flavia Bujor	French
native language	Louis Nicolas Vauquelin (16 May 1763 -- 14 November 1829), was a French pharmacist and chemist.	Louis Nicolas Vauquelin	French
native language	Francisco Sanches (c. 1550 -- November 16, 1623) was a Portuguese skeptic philosopher and physician of Sephardi Jewish origin.	Francisco Sanches	Portuguese
native language	Gong Ji-young(The romanization preferred by the author according to LTI Korea) (공지영; born January 31, 1963) is a South Korean novelist and one of the most popular ``new wave'' female writers.	Gong Ji-young	Korean
native language	Jean-Pierre Cot (born 23 October 1937 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a French Professor for International Law and judge at the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.	Jean-Pierre Cot	French
native language	Jacques Cazotte (French: (kazɔt); 17 October 1719 -- 25 September 1792) was a French author.	Jacques Cazotte	French
occupation	Dr. Amod Gupta is an ophthalmologist at the Advanced Eye Centre & dean at PGIMER, Chandigarh.	Amod Gupta	ophthalmologist
occupation	Jane Ira Bloom (born January 12, 1955) is an American jazz soprano saxophonist and composer.	Jane Ira Bloom	saxophonist
occupation	Geoffrey Alexander MacCormack, better known as Warren Peace (``war and peace''), is an English vocalist, composer and dancer best known for his work with David Bowie in the 1970s.	Warren Peace	dancer
occupation	Sailom Adi (Thai: สายลม อาดี, pronounced (sǎːj.lōm ʔāːdīː), born July 7, 1986 at Ban Phai District, Khon Kaen Province) is a Thai amateur boxer who competed at featherweight at the 2008 Olympics.	Sailom Adi	boxer
occupation	Robert Laurens Kelly (born March 16, 1957) is an American anthropologist who is a Professor at the University of Wyoming.	Robert Laurens Kelly	anthropologist
occupation	Mast Ali (born Ali Asgar Tayabi) is an Indian actor and dialogue writer who is known for his Hyderabadi dialect humour.	Mast Ali	actor
occupation	Peter Seidel (December 2, 1926, Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American architect-planner turned writer.	Peter Seidel	architect
occupation	Ondrej Weissmann (born October 28, 1959) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player who played 14 seasons in the Czech Extraliga.	Ondrej Weissmann	ice hockey player
occupation	Charles Gayle (born February 28, 1939) is an American free jazz musician.	Charles Gayle	jazz musician
occupation	Simon Dinnerstein (born February 16, 1943) is an American artist, best known for his masterwork, The Fulbright Triptych.	Simon Dinnerstein	artist
occupation	Cyrus Chestnut (born January 17, 1963) is an American jazz pianist, composer and producer.	Cyrus Chestnut	pianist
occupation	Erik Weissmann (Born May 27, 1978) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player.	Erik Weissmann	ice hockey player
occupation	Charles Symmes (April 4, 1798 -- August 25, 1868) was an American-born business owner and politician in Quebec.	Charles Symmes	politician
occupation	George Harmon Coxe (April 23 1901-January 31, 1984) was an American writer of crime fiction.	George Harmon Coxe	writer
occupation	Paul Bartel (August 6, 1938 -- May 13, 2000) was an American actor, writer and director.	Paul Bartel	actor
occupation	Victoria Foyt is an American author, novelist, screenwriter and actress, best known for her books The Virtual Life of Lexie Diamond and Save the Pearls:	Victoria Foyt	novelist
occupation	Juul Haalmeyer is a costume designer, best known for doing costume design on several iterations of SCTV.	Juul Haalmeyer	costume designer
occupation	Roger Mayweather (born April 24, 1961) is a retired professional boxer.	Roger Mayweather	boxer
occupation	Sydney Cox was an English cricketer active in 1932 who played for Northamptonshire (Northants).	Sydney Cox	cricketer
occupation	Ernest Gary Gygax (/ˈɡaɪɡæks/ GY-gaks) (July 27, 1938 -- March 4, 2008) was an American game designer and author best known for co-creating with Dave Arneson the pioneering role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons (D&D).	Gary Gygax	game designer
occupation	Thomas Bushnell, BSG, formerly known as Michael Bushnell (born 1967), is a software developer and Gregorian friar.	Thomas Bushnell	software developer	friar
occupation	Orlando DiGirolamo (April 20, 1924 -- January 26, 1998) was an American jazz accordionist, pianist, composer, and teacher.	Orlando DiGirolamo	composer
occupation	Etienne Steyn is a South African singer and songwriter who mostly sings in Afrikaans.	Etienne Steyn	singer
occupation	Arnold Marlé (September 15, 1887 -- February 21, 1970) was a German actor who appeared largely in British films and television shows.	Arnold Marlé	actor
occupation	Heberto Castillo Martínez (August 23, 1928 -- April 5, 1997) was a Mexican civil engineer and political activist.	Heberto Castillo	engineer
occupation	Lou Ann Barton (born February 17, 1954, Fort Worth, Texas, United States) is an American blues singer based in Austin, Texas since the 1970s.	Lou Ann Barton	singer
occupation	Dave Stockton, Jr. (born July 31, 1968) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour.	Dave Stockton, Jr.	golfer
occupation	Tamar Yellin is an author and teacher who lives in Yorkshire.	Tamar Yellin	author
occupation	Brice Catherin (born October 16, 1981 in Brussels, Belgium) is a French composer and cellist, mostly active in Switzerland.	Brice Catherin	composer
occupation	Grahame Moran was a rugby league player who played his entire first grade career for the National Rugby League club Penrith Panthers with whom he was the 14th player.	Grahame Moran	rugby league player
occupation	Abrid Shine is an Indian fashion photographer, film director, and screenwriter known for his Malayalam films.	Abrid Shine	photographer	screenwriter
occupation	Mario Alberto Ishii (born in José C. Paz, Provincia de Buenos Aires, June 22, 1951) is an Argentine politician adopted by a Japanese family.	Mario Alberto Ishii	politician
occupation	John Henry Brown (October 29, 1820 -- May 31, 1895) was an American historian, journalist, author, military leader, and a politician who served as a state legislator and as mayor of both Dallas and Galveston, Texas.	John Henry Brown	historian	politician
occupation	John Hoagland (June 15, 1947 -- March 16, 1984) was a war photographer and photojournalist noted for his documentation of civil conflicts in Nicaragua, Lebanon, and El Salvador.	John Hoagland	war photographer	photojournalist
occupation	Vladimir Gustov (born June 26, 1961) is a Russian guitar player, an arranger, a composer, and a sound producer.	Vladimir Gustov	composer
occupation	W. Paul White (born July 7, 1945 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American political politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1973 to 1989 and the Massachusetts Senate from 1989 to 1999.	W. Paul White	politician
occupation	Latha Raju is an Indian film singer and actress in Malayalam cinema during the 1970s.	Latha Raju	singer
occupation	Abigail Heyman (August 1, 1942 - May 28, 2013) was an American feminist and photojournalist, known for her 1974 book, Growing Up Female:	Abigail Heyman	photojournalist
occupation	Lee Sung-jong (Hangul: 이성종; hanja: 李成種; born September 3, 1993), commonly known as Sungjong, is a South Korean singer.	Lee Sung-jong	singer
occupation	Noordeen Mashoor (Nurdeen Mashur) was a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament.	Noordeen Mashoor	politician
occupation	According to an account of drafts of the poem ``Nancy Cunard'', by Mina Loy, held in the Yale University Library, Drafts of Loy's poem about Nancy Cunard, her friend, fellow poet, and editor of The Hours Press, provide a window on her (Loy's) creative process.	Nancy Cunard	poet
occupation	Petter Karlsson (born May 31, 1977) is a multi instrumentalist and singer of Holocoaster and was a member of Swedish symphonic metal band Therion (2004--2008), and member of other several bands:	Petter Karlsson	singer
occupation	Wan Waithayakon (full title: His Royal Highness Prince Vanna Vaidhayakara, the Prince Naradhip Bhongseprabhan), known in the West as Wan Waithayakon (1891-1976), was a Thai diplomat.	Wan Waithayakon	diplomat
occupation	Elliot Hegarty is a film and television director working in Britain and the United States.	Elliot Hegarty	television director
occupation	Han Kuo-Huang (Chinese: 韩国璜; pinyin: Hán Guóhuáng) is a Chinese-born American ethnomusicologist and musician.	Han Kuo-Huang	ethnomusicologist
occupation	Choi Han-bit (Hangul: 최한빛) is a South Korean model and actress.	Choi Han-bit	model
occupation	Dan Goggin is an American writer, composer, and lyricist for musical theatre.	Dan Goggin	composer
occupation	Vakati Panduranga Rao was a short story writer and journalist who for a long time edited the popular Telugu weekly, Andhra Prabha.	Vakati Panduranga Rao	journalist
occupation	Leon Schlesinger (May 20, 1884 -- December 25, 1949) was an American film producer, remembered for founding Leon Schlesinger Studios, which later became the Warner Bros. Cartoons studio, during the Golden Age of American animation.	Leon Schlesinger	film producer
occupation	Lillian Leach (December 20, 1936 -- April 26, 2013), also known by her married name, Lillian Leach Boyd, was an American singer who performed lead vocals with the Bronx-based doo-wop group the Mellows.	Lillian Leach	singer
occupation	Jen Hong (Chinese: 任弘; pinyin: Rèn Hóng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Jen Hong	politician
occupation	Beverly Sebastian is an American film director, writer, and cinematographer whose independent films in the 1970s and 1980s were predominantly exploitation pictures similar to the work of Roger Corman and other directors in the 1960s at independent studios like American International Pictures.	Beverly Sebastian	film director
occupation	Walter Mzembi is a Zimbabwean politician, currently serving as Minister of Tourism.	Walter Mzembi	politician
occupation	Jean-Yves Fourmeau is a French classical saxophonist and is the classical music professor at the CRR de Cergy-Pontoise.	Jean-Yves Fourmeau	saxophonist
occupation	Ernest James Broome (July 28, 1908 -- January 23, 1975) was a Canadian Progressive Conservative politician, who represented Vancouver South in the Canadian House of Commons.	Ernest James Broome	politician
occupation	Massy Tadjedin (born 1978) is an Iranian-American screenwriter.	Massy Tadjedin	screenwriter
occupation	M. K. Purushothaman (died June 10, 2013) was an Indian politician, who was Kerala MLA for Njarackal (2006--2011).	M. K. Purushothaman	politician
occupation	Dr. Martín von Hildebrand is an ethnologist and anthropologist who has led efforts to secure indigenous territorial rights and the protection of the Colombian Amazon tropical forest.	Martín von Hildebrand	ethnologist
occupation	Jon Poling is an American neurologist currently practicing in Athens, Georgia where he has worked at Athens Neurological Associates since 2001.	Jon Poling	neurologist
occupation	Matthias Grünewald (c. 1470 -- August 31, 1528) was a German Renaissance painter of religious works who ignored Renaissance classicism to continue the style of late medieval Central European art into the 16th century.	Matthias Grünewald	painter
occupation	Brenda Patterson is an American blues singer.	Brenda Patterson	singer
occupation	Obadiah Rich (November 25, 1777 -- January 20, 1850) was an American diplomat, bibliophile and bibliographer specializing the history of Latin America.	Obadiah Rich	diplomat
occupation	Dr. Paul Maddrell is a British historian and lecturer on History at Loughborough University in the Politics, History and International Relations department.	Paul Maddrell	historian
occupation	Father James Austin Whelihan, CM (April 6, 1902 -- November 15, 1986) was a priest who received the Order of Canada in 1985.	James Austin Whelihan	priest
occupation	Fred G. Barrett (October 2, 1914 - July 3, 1984) was a municipal politician who served as mayor of the city of Gloucester, Ontario from 1982 until his death at the age of 69.	Fred G. Barrett	politician
occupation	Paul Duddridge (born 30 November 1966) is a writer, comedy agent, TV producer and TV presenter born in Cardiff Wales and was educated at Radyr Comprehensive School.	Paul Duddridge	writer
occupation	Dr. Jerzy Turonek (Belarusian: Юры Туронак, Jury Turonak, born April 26, 1929) is a Polish-Belarusian historian and notable member of the Belarusian minority in Poland.	Jerzy Turonek	historian
occupation	George J. Lewis (December 10, 1903 -- December 8, 1995) was a Mexican-born actor who appeared in many films and eventually TV series from the 1920s through the 1960s, usually specializing in westerns.	George J. Lewis	actor
occupation	Ted Sperling is a Musical Director, conductor, orchestrator, arranger, stage director and musician, primarily for the stage and concerts.	Ted Sperling	conductor
occupation	Heidemarie Steiner married Walther, (born May 9, 1944 in Kolberg, Pommern) is a German figure skater and coach.	Heidemarie Steiner	figure skater
occupation	Janet Yale is a Canadian telecommunications lawyer and association executive.	Janet Yale	lawyer
occupation	Serge Alexis Jaroff (Russian: Серге́й Алексе́евич Жа́ров) (April 1 (O.S. March 20) 1896 - 5 October 1985) was the founder, conductor and composer of the Don Cossack Choir Serge Jaroff.	Serge Jaroff	conductor	composer
occupation	Greta Pratt is an American photographer whose primary interests are American identity, history and myth.	Greta Pratt	photographer
occupation	Volodia Teitelboim Volosky (originally Valentín Teitelboim Volosky; March 17, 1916 -- January 31, 2008) was a Chilean communist politician, lawyer, and author.	Volodia Teitelboim	politician
occupation	Vladimir Markovich Entov (January 8, 1937 -- April 10, 2008) was an applied mathematician and physicist.	Vladimir Markovich Entov	mathematician	physicist
occupation	Simon Moreau (fl. 1553--1558) was a composer of the Franco-Flemish School.	Simon Moreau	composer
occupation	Christian Skeel (born June 8, 1956) is a Danish artist and composer.	Christian Skeel	composer
occupation	Howard Graham Buffett (born December 16, 1954) is an American businessman, former politician, philanthropist, photographer, farmer, and conservationist.	Howard Graham Buffett	photographer	farmer
occupation	Lola Yoʻldosheva (sometimes spelled Lola Yuldasheva in English) (Uzbek: Lola Yoʻldosheva, Лола Йўлдошева; Russian: Лола Юлдашева) (born September 4, 1985), better known by her stage name Lola, is an Uzbek singer, songwriter and actress.	Lola Yoʻldosheva	singer
occupation	Fiona Maddocks reviewed Götterdämmerung in The Observer: ``Longborough has found a magnificent Brünnhilde in Rachel Nicholls, a singer so versatile that she has also had a career as a Bach specialist.	Rachel Nicholls	singer
occupation	Cynthia Harrod-Eagles is a British writer of romance and mystery novels.	Cynthia Harrod-Eagles	writer
occupation	Ricardo Macías Picavea (June 17, 1847 -- May 11, 1899) was a writer and reformer.	Ricardo Macías Picavea	writer
occupation	Robert Troup (August 19, 1756 -- January 14, 1832) was an American soldier, lawyer and jurist.	Robert Troup	lawyer
occupation	Tom Bauer (born March 16, 1946) is an American lawyer and politician from St. Louis, Missouri who served in the Missouri House of Representatives and on the St. Louis Board of Aldermen.	Tom Bauer	politician
occupation	Dr. William Thornton (May 20, 1759 -- March 28, 1828) was a British-American physician, inventor, painter and architect who designed the United States Capitol, an authentic polymath.	William Thornton	architect
occupation	Clayton Eshleman (born June 1, 1935) is an American poet, translator, and editor, noted in particular for his translations of César Vallejo and his studies of cave painting and the Paleolithic imagination.	Clayton Eshleman	poet	translator
occupation	Rich Koz (born March 12, 1952) is a Chicago area actor and broadcaster best known as horror-movie host Svengoolie.	Rich Koz	actor
occupation	Juan Carlos Higuero Mate (born 3 August 1978) is a Spanish middle distance runner, who mostly concentrates on the 1500 metres.	Juan Carlos Higuero	middle distance runner
occupation	Samuel Hawkes was an American politician who represented Saugus in the Massachusetts House of Representatives as a young man.	Samuel Hawkes	politician
occupation	Aesara of Lucania (Greek: Αἰσάρα Aisara; 4th or 3rd century BC) was a Pythagorean philosopher, who wrote a work On Human Nature, of which a fragment is preserved by Stobaeus.	Aesara	philosopher
occupation	Massimo Drisaldi is an Italian former tennis player.	Massimo Drisaldi	tennis player
occupation	Chantal Ringuet (born in Quebec City) is a Canadian writer, translator and scholar.	Chantal Ringuet	writer
occupation	Second Lieutenant Samuel H. Davis is a deceased United States Army Air Service officer, killed in 1921 while on a training mission in Florida.	Samuel H. Davis	officer
occupation	Asankhan Dzhumakhmatovich Dzhumakhmatov (June 16, 1923 -- June 21, 2008) was a Kyrgyzstani composer and conductor of the Soviet era, born in Arashan.	Asankhan Dzhumakhmatov	composer	conductor
occupation	Susan J. M. Bauman is an attorney and former politician.	Susan J. M. Bauman	politician
occupation	Yaakov Lemmer is an internationally performing Jewish cantor, singer, and concert artist born and raised in Brooklyn, New York.	Yaakov Lemmer	singer
occupation	Albrecht Meyer also known as Albertus Meyer in Latinised form, was a botanical illustrator noted for his more than 500 plant images in Leonhart Fuchs's epic pre-Linnean publication of 1542, De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes, published in Latin and Greek, and almost immediately translated into German.	Albrecht Meyer	botanical illustrator
occupation	Yonas Beyene is an Ethiopian archaeologist.	Yonas Beyene	archaeologist
occupation	The German economist Wolfgang Stützel who developed the Balances Mechanics (german: Saldenmechanik) appreciates Wilhelm Lautenbach in regard to ``his`` credit theory of money (''Kreditmechanik``), calls it ``Lautenbachsche Kreditmechanik''.	Wilhelm Lautenbach	economist
occupation	Erich Redman is a Russian-born German actor working primarily in English-language feature films.	Erich Redman	actor
occupation	Raif Özkan Uğur (born October 17, 1953 in Istanbul) is a Turkish pop musician, member of the renowned band MFÖ and an actor.	Özkan Uğur	actor
occupation	Stoyan Alexandrov (Bulgarian: Стоян Александров, born 14 June 1949 in Iliya, Kystendil) is a Bulgarian economist, and former Minister of Finance under Prime Minister Lyuben Berov.	Stoyan Alexandrov	economist
occupation	Alice Boner (July 22, 1889 -- April 13, 1981) was a Swiss painter and sculptor, art historian, and an Indologist.	Alice Boner	painter	art historian
occupation	Leonard Maffei was a champion bicycle racer in the United States during the 1930s.	Leonard Maffei	bicycle racer
occupation	Dana Thomas (born Feb. 3, 1964) is a fashion and culture journalist and author based in Paris.	Dana Thomas	journalist
occupation	Xin Yan (Chinese: 欣彦), now styled as Z Yan, is a Malaysian Chinese-language Bossa Nova singer from Melacca.	Xin Yan	singer
occupation	Shareen Blair Brysac is an author of non-fiction books and a former dancer, television producer/director/writer.	Shareen Blair Brysac	television producer
occupation	Aaron Stanley Tretick (July 21, 1921 -- July 23, 1999) was an American photojournalist who worked for UPI, Look, and People magazines.	Stanley Tretick	photojournalist
occupation	Archibald Campbell Douglas (usually simply referred to as Campbell Douglas) (14 June 1828 -- 14 April 1910) was a Scottish architect based primarily in and around Glasgow and Edinburgh.	Campbell Douglas	architect
occupation	Onorio Longhi (1568--1619) was an Italian architect, the father of Martino Longhi the Younger and the son of Martino Longhi the Elder.	Onorio Longhi	architect
occupation	Rogelio Escanilla Jr., better known as Ogie Escanilla is a Filipino child actor and a Hiphop dancer.	Ogie Escanilla	actor
occupation	Sai Deodhar is an Indian television actor who has worked in popular television soap operas, such as Saara Akaash and Ek Ladki Anjaani Si.	Sai Deodhar	actor
occupation	A. M. Rathnam is an Indian film producer from Andhra Pradesh, known for his works in Telugu cinema and Tamil cinema.	A. M. Rathnam	film producer
occupation	László Hajdu (born August 23, 1947) is a Hungarian economist and politician, who has been Mayor of the 15th district of Budapest since 2014, a position which he also held between 1996 and 2010.	László Hajdu	economist	politician
occupation	Johan Zierneels (alternative spellings: Jan Zierneels, Johannes Zierneels, Syrnel, Záernel, Ziereels, Ziereneels, Zierneel, Jan Zioerneels, Ziernel, Zionnels, alias Lely or Lelie) (Meierij van 's-Hertogenbosch, ca 1646 - after 1678) was a Dutch painter who specialized in Christian religious themes.	Johan Zierneels	painter
occupation	Ladislao Pazmany (November 25, 1923 -- August 21, 2006) was an aviation pioneer, aeronautical engineer, designer, builder, pilot, teacher, speaker, and author.	Ladislao Pazmany	engineer
occupation	Janiva Magness (born January 30, 1957) is an American blues and soul singer and songwriter.	Janiva Magness	singer
occupation	Rowland Salley (born November 2, 1949) is an American musician, songwriter and artist, sometimes called Roly Salley.	Rowland Salley	songwriter
occupation	Girija Vyas is an Indian politician, poet and author.	Girija Vyas	politician	author
occupation	Pierre Roland Renoir, born July 16, 1958, is a Canadian painter and the great-grandson of Pierre-Auguste Renoir.	Pierre Roland Renoir	painter
occupation	Carlos Mendes Varela (born December 28, 1984, in Corroios-Seixal, near Lisboa) is a Portuguese-born French professional rugby league player.	Carlos Mendes Varela	rugby league player
occupation	Edward Dmytryk (September 4, 1908 -- July 1, 1999) was a Canadian-born American film director.	Edward Dmytryk	film director
occupation	Greg Centauro (January 10, 1977 -- March 26, 2011) was a French pornographic actor and director.	Greg Centauro	pornographic actor
occupation	Alphonso Wood (1810 -- January 4, 1881) was an American botanist and theology instructor.	Alphonso Wood	botanist
occupation	Julius Tandler (February 16, 1869 -- August 25, 1936) was an Austrian physician and Social Democratic politician.	Julius Tandler	politician
occupation	Sarah Marquis (born June 20, 1972) is a Swiss adventurer and explorer.	Sarah Marquis	adventurer
occupation	Clara Chung, known by her stage name Clara C, (born October 31, 1987) is an American singer and songwriter.	Clara Chung	singer and songwriter
occupation	Thomas Lunsford Stokes, Jr. (November 1, 1898 -- May 14, 1958) was a Pulitzer-prize winning American journalist.	Thomas Lunsford Stokes	journalist
occupation	Shi Jialuo (în Chinese: 施嘉洛, born 25 January 1993) is a Chinese foil fencer.	Shi Jialuo	fencer
occupation	William Zorach (February 28, 1887 -- November 15, 1966) was a Lithuanian-born American sculptor, painter, printmaker, and writer.	William Zorach	sculptor	painter
occupation	Maurice Champreux (1893--1976) was a French film director, cinematographer and editor.	Maurice Champreux	cinematographer
occupation	Gunvald Aus, also written Aas (May 30, 1851 -- May 27, 1950) was a Norwegian-American engineer.	Gunvald Aus	engineer
occupation	David McCagg is an American former competition swimmer, world champion, and world record-holder.	David McCagg	swimmer
occupation	Jacques Brautbar (born March 14, 1979 in Los Angeles, California) is an American photographer, producer, writer and guitarist, formerly of rock band Phantom Planet.	Jacques Brautbar	photographer
occupation	Frederick Tupper Saussy III (July 3, 1936 -- March 16, 2007) was an American composer, musician, author, artist, and conspiracy theorist.	Tupper Saussy	composer
occupation	Abel Nathaniel Bankole Stronge is a Sierra Leonean politician who has been Speaker of the Parliament of Sierra Leone since 2007.	Abel Nathaniel Bankole Stronge	politician
occupation	Thomas Bailey Marquis (December 19, 1869 -- March 22, 1935) was an American self-taught historian and ethnographer who wrote about the Plains Indians and other subjects of the American frontier.	Thomas Bailey Marquis	historian	ethnographer
occupation	Ugo Bassi (August 12, 1800 -- August 8, 1849) was a Roman Catholic priest and Italian nationalist.	Ugo Bassi	priest
occupation	Levon Zourabian (Armenian: Լևոն Զուրաբյան) (born March 9, 1964) is an Armenian politician and coordinator of the Armenian National Congress.	Levon Zourabian	politician
occupation	Jonas Coersmeier is an award-winning architect and designer, born in Germany and working in the United States.	Jonas Coersmeier	architect
occupation	Jim McCotter (James Douglas McCotter) (born April 27, 1945) is an American entrepreneur, the former CEO of Maverick Jets and controversial founder of the ``Blitz Movement'' which became the Great Commission Association of Churches.	Jim McCotter	entrepreneur
occupation	David L. Eubanks (born November 18, 1935) is an American preacher associated with the Restoration Movement of Christianity.	David L. Eubanks	preacher
occupation	Vesna Vulović (Serbian: Весна Вуловић; born 3 January 1950) is a Serbian former flight attendant.	Vesna Vulović	flight attendant
occupation	Seyid Azim Shirvani (Azerbaijani: Seyid Əzim Şirvani, 1835--1888) Azerbaijani poet and enlightener.	Seyid Azim Shirvani	poet
occupation	Frank Joslyn Baum (December 3, 1883 -- December 2, 1958) was a lawyer, soldier, writer, and film producer, and the first president of The International Wizard of Oz Club.	Frank Joslyn Baum	film producer
occupation	Derek Panza (born February 16, 1971) is an American kickboxer and boxer from Queens, New York.	Derek Panza	boxer
occupation	Dave Charles, also known as David Charles is a British drummer, recording engineer & record producer.	Dave Charles	engineer
occupation	Evander Holyfield (born October 19, 1962) is an American former professional boxer.	Evander Holyfield	boxer
occupation	Michael Heizer is a contemporary artist specializing in large-scale sculptures and earth art (or land art).	Michael Heizer	artist
occupation	Frank Skinner (born Christopher Graham Collins; 28 January 1957) is an English writer, comedian, TV and radio presenter, and actor.	Frank Skinner	comedian
occupation	Stephen Mandel (born July 18, 1945) is a Canadian politician and the former Minister of Health in the Alberta government.	Stephen Mandel	politician
occupation	Gil Alon (Hebrew: גיל אלון), (born 1960), is an Israeli Zen master, singer, actor, theater director and teacher.	Gil Alon	actor
occupation	Patty Ryan is a German singer best known for her Europop song ``You're My Love, You're My Life'' from 1986.	Patty Ryan	singer
occupation	Eddie Steeples (born November 25, 1973) is an American actor known for his roles as the ``Rubberband Man'' in an advertising campaign for OfficeMax, and as Darnell ``Crabman'' Turner on the NBC sitcom My Name Is Earl.	Eddie Steeples	actor
occupation	Herman L. Page (May 27, 1818 -- October 15, 1873) was a merchant and Wisconsin politician.	Herman L. Page	politician
occupation	Gary Ross (born November 3, 1956) is an American film director, writer, and author.	Gary Ross	film director	writer
occupation	Ross Jeffries is an American author, writer and television personality featured on such programs as The Dr. Phil Show, The Montel Williams Show, The Jane Whitney Show and The Daily Show, and a self-described speed seduction expert.	Ross Jeffries	writer
occupation	David MacKeen (September 20, 1839 -- November 13, 1916) was a Canadian surveyor, mine manager, politician, and the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.	David MacKeen	politician
occupation	Taikichi Irie (入江 泰吉, Irie Taikichi) (November 5, 1905 -- January 16, 1992) was a Japanese photographer.	Taikichi Irie	photographer
occupation	Armen Gondrachyan (Armenian: Արմեն Գոնդրաչյան), better known by his stage name Armenchik (Արմենչիկ), is an Armenian pop singer based in Los Angeles.	Armenchik	singer
occupation	Amelia Troubridge (born London 1974) is a British portrait, commercial and documentary photographer.	Amelia Troubridge	photographer
occupation	Dr. Péter Mihalovics (born August 8, 1983) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Veszprém County Regional List between 2010 and 2014.	Péter Mihalovics	politician
occupation	Guy Whitmore is a composer specializing in video game music, notable for creating the soundtracks to Die Hard:	Guy Whitmore	composer
occupation	Robert Mackey Stribling (born December 3, 1833, died March 27, 1914) was an American politician and served as an officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Robert Mackey Stribling	politician
occupation	Theodore Marburg (July 10, 1862 - March 4, 1946) was an American jurist, diplomat and internationalist.	Theodore Marburg	jurist	diplomat
occupation	Ludwig Lavater (4 March 1527; Kyburg (castle) -- 5 July 1586 in Zurich) was a Swiss Reformed theologian working in the circle of his father-in-law, Heinrich Bullinger.	Ludwig Lavater	theologian
occupation	Peter Zack Geer (August 24, 1928 -- January 5, 1997) was a lawyer and a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Georgia.	Peter Zack Geer	politician
occupation	Robin Abrahams is an American author, journalist, and speaker.	Robin Abrahams	journalist
occupation	Muhammad Farooq Sattar Peerwani (Urdu: فاروق ستار پیروانی ‎) is a Pakistani politician, and Member of Parliament.	Farooq Sattar	politician
occupation	Manfred Wolke (born January 14, 1943 in Babelsberg, Brandenburg) is a former welterweight boxer.	Manfred Wolke	boxer
occupation	Mariusz Błaszczak (ˈmarʲjuʂ ˈbwaʂt͡ʂak) (born September 19, 1969, in Legionowo) is a Polish politician, historian, and local government representative.	Mariusz Błaszczak	politician
occupation	José Ángel Llamas Olmos (born October 13, 1966) is a Mexican actor best known for his roles of Rudolfo in Amor descarado.	José Ángel Llamas	actor
occupation	Kris Blanks (born November 3, 1972) is an American professional golfer who currently plays on the PGA Tour and previously played on the Nationwide Tour.	Kris Blanks	golfer
occupation	Gloria Pall (July 15, 1927 -- December 30, 2012) was an American model, showgirl, film and television actress, author and businesswoman.	Gloria Pall	model
occupation	Henry W. Pollock (October 22, 1878 in New York City -- December 9, 1954 in Manhattan, New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Henry W. Pollock	politician
occupation	Oliver Moulton Hyde (March 10, 1804 -- June 28, 1870) was a Detroit businessman, manufacturer, and politician who was elected mayor of Detroit three times, in 1854, 1856, and 1857.	Oliver Moulton Hyde	politician
occupation	Aaron Bedard is the lead singer for the American hardcore punk band Bane.	Aaron Bedard	singer
occupation	George Pake (April 1, 1924 -- March 4, 2004) was a physicist and research executive primarily known for helping found Xerox PARC.	George Pake	physicist
occupation	Nick Moss (born 15.Dec.,1969, Chicago, Illinois, United States) is an American Chicago and electric blues musician.	Nick Moss	musician
occupation	Marjory Shedd (March 17, 1926 -- May 10, 2008) was a world-class Canadian badminton player who won numerous titles from the early 1950s to the early 1970s.	Marjory Shedd	badminton player
occupation	Pat Shortt (born 12 December 1967) is an Irish actor, comedian, writer and entertainer.	Pat Shortt	actor
occupation	Albert Rothenberg MD (born June 2, 1930) is an American psychiatrist who has carried out long term research on the creative process in literature, art, science and psychotherapy.	Albert Rothenberg	psychiatrist
occupation	David Tipling is a professional wildlife photographer with an international reputation.	David Tipling	photographer
occupation	Charles M. Tanner (April 11, 1919 -- March 11, 2006) was a screenwriter, playwright, and founder and director of Covenant Players.	Charles M. Tanner	screenwriter
occupation	Sirak M. Sabahat (Hebrew: סירק מ. סבהאט‎; born December 5, 1981) is an Israeli actor.	Sirak M. Sabahat	actor
occupation	Andreas Henzen (born January 1, 1955) is a Swiss painter and president of the Swiss Association of Painters, Sculptors and Architects (GSMBA, founded 1865).	Andreas Henzen	painter
occupation	Alex Lozupone is a New York City--based jazz and rock musician and film director.	Alex Lozupone	film director
occupation	Arlene Bishop is a Canadian lyricist, screenwriter, artist and singer-songwriter.	Arlene Bishop	singer
occupation	Dr Asif Chaudry is a British surgical oncologist with an interest in gastrointestinal cancer.	Asif Chaudry	oncologist
occupation	Chaim David Lippe (December 22, 1823, at Stanisławów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria -- August 26, 1900, at Vienna) was an Austrian Jewish publisher and bibliographer.	Chaim David Lippe	bibliographer
occupation	Alojz Ajdič (September 6, 1939, Fojnica) is a multiple-time awarded Slovenian composer.	Alojz Ajdič	composer
occupation	Rita Celli is a Canadian radio journalist, currently the host of Ontario Today on CBC Radio One's stations in Ontario.	Rita Celli	journalist
occupation	Jason Karaban is an American singer-songwriter and musician living in Los Angeles, California.	Jason Karaban	singer-songwriter
occupation	Rosalie Allen (born Julie Marlene Bedra, June 27, 1924 in Old Forge, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania -- September 24, 2003) was an American singer.	Rosalie Allen	singer
occupation	Malcolm Conn is a cricket journalist who was the News Corp chief cricket writer.	Malcolm Conn	journalist
occupation	Jan Mostaert, also known by the names Joannes Sinapius and Master Of Oultremont (c. 1475 -- 1555/1556) was a Netherlandish Renaissance painter of portraits and religious subjects, though his most famous creation was the West Indies Landscape.	Jan Mostaert	painter
occupation	Nathaniel George Philips (1795 -- 1831) was an English painter trained in Edinburgh and member of the Academy of St Luke	Nathaniel George Philips	painter
occupation	Félix Benjamín Caignet Salomón, known as Félix B. Caignet, (March 31, 1892 - May 25, 1976) was a Cuban radio writer, broadcaster, poet, novelist, journalist, theater critic, singer and musical composer.	Félix B. Caignet	journalist	composer
occupation	Hayley McGregory (born January 13, 1986) is an English-born American competition swimmer.	Hayley McGregory	swimmer
occupation	Abascantus (Greek Ἀβάσκαντος) was a physician of Lugdunum, who probably lived in the 2nd century.	Abascantus	physician
occupation	Herbert Elwell (May 10, 1898 -- April 17, 1974) was an American composer and music critic.	Herbert Elwell	composer	music critic
occupation	Yoav Benjamini (born January 5, 1949) is an Israeli statistician best known for development (with Yosef Hochberg) of the ``false discovery rate'' criterion.	Yoav Benjamini	statistician
occupation	Anabel Englund (born September 1, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter and artist from Southern California.	Anabel Englund	singer, songwriter
occupation	Ferlyn Wong (born February 1, 1992), better known by her stage name, Ferlyn G, is a Singaporean singer and dancer.	Ferlyn Wong	singer
occupation	Cezar Bolliac or Boliac, Boliak (March 23, 1813 -- February 25, 1881) was a Wallachian and Romanian radical political figure, amateur archaeologist, journalist and Romantic poet.	Cezar Bolliac	poet
occupation	Irving Berlin (born Israel Isidore Baline, May 11, 1888 -- September 22, 1989) was an American composer and lyricist, widely considered one of the greatest songwriters in American history.	Irving Berlin	composer
occupation	Roman Sakin (Russian: Роман Сакин; born March 17, 1976) is a Russian sculptor.	Roman Sakin	sculptor
occupation	Angela Ismailos is a Greek-born director, actor, and writer.	Angela Ismailos	actor
occupation	Jack Mack was an Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Jack Mack	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Juan Pablo Magallanes Moreno (born on December 17, 1978) is a Mexican actor known for his appearances in different chapters of ``La Rosa De Guadalupe'' and ``Mujer, Casos de la Vida Real''	Pablo Magallanes	actor
occupation	She was originally a nun in Słupsk, but in about 1285 she became a mistress of Mestwin II. On 26 August 1288 after divorce with his wife Euphrosyne of Opole Mestwin married Sulisława.	Sulisława	nun
occupation	Ralph Nelson (August 12, 1916 -- December 21, 1987) was an American movie and television director, producer, writer, and actor.	Ralph Nelson	actor
occupation	Mahmoud Shoolizadeh (Persian: محمود شولیزاده ‎‎) is an Iranian film director and screenwriter, and has been the recipient of several awards, including Best Film for, Noora, at the 49th Taormina International Film Festival, Italy in June 2003.	Mahmoud Shoolizadeh	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Mark Buchanan (born October 31, 1961 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American physicist and author.	Mark Buchanan	physicist
occupation	Casey Baugh is an American figurative portrait artist (born in Chattanooga, Tennessee) specializing in oil paint and charcoal.	Casey Baugh	artist
occupation	Zhou Rongxin (simplified Chinese: 周荣鑫; traditional Chinese: 周榮鑫; pinyin: Zhōu Róngxīn; 1917--1976), was a notable Chinese politician, educator and architect.	Zhou Rongxin	politician	architect
occupation	Otto H. York was a distinguished chemical engineer, entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Otto H. York	engineer
occupation	The Reed Painter (fl. 420s--410s BC) is an anonymous Greek vase painter of white-ground lekythoi, a type of vessel for containing oil often left as grave offerings.	Reed Painter	vase painter
occupation	Narbal Fontes is a popular Brazilian writer.	Narbal Fontes	writer
occupation	Liz Larner (born 1960, Sacramento, California, United States) is an American installation artist and sculptor living and working in Los Angeles.	Liz Larner	artist
occupation	Roman Sergeevich Trofimov, born November 19, 1989, is a Russian ski jumper competing for Moskva WVSM.	Roman Sergeevich Trofimov	ski jumper
occupation	Martin J. McGowan, Jr. (October 28, 1920 -- August 13, 2009) was an American politician and newspaper editor.	Martin J. McGowan, Jr.	politician
occupation	The John Darwin disappearance case was an investigation into the faked death of the British former teacher and prison officer John Darwin, who turned up alive in December 2007, five years after he was believed to have died in a canoeing accident.	John Darwin disappearance case	prison officer
occupation	Aaron Siskind (December 4, 1903 -- February 8, 1991) was an American photographer widely considered to be closely involved with, if not a part of, the abstract expressionist movement.	Aaron Siskind	photographer
occupation	Wanita Denise Woodgett (born July 6, 1985), better known as by her nickname D. Woods, is an American singer, dancer, and actress.	D. Woods	singer
occupation	Jay Sommers (January 3, 1917 - September 25, 1985) was a producer, director and comedy writer whose career spanned four decades.	Jay Sommers	writer
occupation	Ralph Gibson (born January 16, 1939) is an American art photographer best known for his photographic books.	Ralph Gibson	photographer
occupation	Litto Nebbia (born July 21, 1948) is a singer, songwriter and producer prominent in the development of Argentine rock.	Litto Nebbia	singer
occupation	Thomas Milton Gatch (January 28, 1833 -- April 23, 1913) was an American educator and politician in Oregon.	Thomas Milton Gatch	politician
occupation	James Couttet (July 18, 1921 -- November 13, 1997) was a French alpine skier, world champion and Olympic medalist.	James Couttet	alpine skier
occupation	Lisa Gleave (born November 11, 1976) is an Australian-American glamour model and TV personality, known for her work as a Barker's Beauty on The Price Is Right and her appearances as the show Deal or No Deal.	Lisa Gleave	model
occupation	Françoise Loranger (June 18, 1913 -- April 5, 1995) was a Canadian playwright, radio producer, theatrical writer and feminist.	Françoise Loranger	playwright	writer
occupation	Meluawati (later Meiluawati; born May 25, 1975) is an Indonesian born former world-class badminton player who represented Indonesia and later the United States.	Meiluawati	badminton player
occupation	Thomas J. Furst is the senior vice president and chief financial officer of SRI International, a position he has held since 1996.	Thomas J. Furst	chief financial officer
occupation	Pascal Meunier is a French documentary photographer and photojournalist based in Paris, whose works are mainly about the Arab and Muslim world.	Pascal Meunier	photographer
occupation	Amrita Cheema is a journalist of Indian Sikh origin.	Amrita Cheema	journalist
occupation	Rachakonda Viswanatha Sastry (Ravi Sastri) (Telugu: రావిశాస్త్రి) (1922--1993) was a Telugu writer who published several novels and more than 60 short stories in six volumes.	Rachakonda Viswanatha Sastry	writer
occupation	At the age of 19, Sherie Merlis started working as an actor in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Sherie Merlis	actor
occupation	Peter Elman is a record producer, songwriter, pianist, guitarist, bassist, trombonist, vocalist and writer.	Peter Elman	songwriter
occupation	Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg (born January 10, 1961) is an American classical violinist and teacher.	Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg	violinist
occupation	Andy Sturmer (born Marvin Andrew Sturmer, March 11, 1965) is both an Emmy & Brit nominated American musical artist, composer, and producer.	Andy Sturmer	composer
occupation	Felipe Pazos (September 27, 1912 -- February 26, 2001) was a Cuban economist who initially supported the Cuban Revolution of Fidel Castro, but became disillusioned with the increasingly radical nature of the revolutionary government.	Felipe Pazos	economist
occupation	Augustin Royer was a French architect who lived in the time of Louis XIV.	Augustin Royer	architect
occupation	Irena Petkova (Bulgarian: Ирена Петкова) is a Bulgarian opera singer.	Irena Petkova	opera singer
occupation	David Ring (born October 28, 1953) is a Christian evangelist and motivational speaker who has cerebral palsy.	David Ring	motivational speaker
occupation	Gerhard Daum is a German composer specialising in film scores, musician and music producer.	Gerhard Daum	composer	musician
occupation	Josef Straßberger (August 20, 1894 -- October 10, 1950) was a German weightlifter who competed in two Olympic games in 1928 and 1932.	Josef Straßberger	weightlifter
occupation	Garland Green (born Garfield Green Jr., June 14, 1942, Dunleith, Mississippi) is an American soul singer and pianist.	Garland Green	singer
occupation	Donald J. Darensbourg is an American inorganic chemist.	Donald J. Darensbourg	chemist
occupation	Thomas Wesley Pentz (born November 10, 1978), better known by his stage name Diplo, is an American DJ, record producer, rapper and songwriter based in Los Angeles, California.	Diplo	record producer	songwriter
occupation	Tom Leutwiler (1948--1993) was an internationally renowned sailing photographer, whose work graced the covers of Yachting and Yacht Racing magazines, and was published in Time, Sailing World, Seahorse (England), Voile et Voiles (France) and others for nearly two decades.	Tom Leutwiler	photographer
occupation	Mary Johnson Lowe (June 10, 1924 -- February 27, 1999) was a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.	Mary Johnson Lowe	judge
occupation	Darach Ó Scolaí is an Irish novelist, playwright, publisher, and artist living in the County Galway Gaeltacht of Connemara.	Darach Ó Scolaí	novelist
occupation	Cara Louise Braia (born June 4, 1992) better known by her stage name as Cara Braia is a singer, songwriter, pianist, rapper and actress from North Wales, UK.	Cara Braia	singer
occupation	Wu Ziniu (born November 3, 1953), is a Chinese film director and a member of the ``Fifth Generation'' film movement, a movement of filmmakers who graduated from the Beijing Film Academy in the early 1980s.	Wu Ziniu	film director
occupation	William Scott Elam, known as Jack Elam (November 13, 1920 -- October 20, 2003), was an American film and television actor best known for his numerous roles as villains in Western films and, later in his career, comedies (sometimes spoofing his villainous image).	Jack Elam	actor
occupation	Harold Stephen Black (April 14, 1898 -- December 11, 1983) was an American electrical engineer, who revolutionized the field of applied electronics by inventing the negative feedback amplifier in 1927.	Harold Stephen Black	engineer
occupation	Babak Farhoudi (Persian: بابک فرهودی‎‎; born September 9, 1985) is an Iranian former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Babak Farhoudi	swimmer
occupation	Anna Webber (born August 28, 1986) is an American photographer best known for her musician portrait photography, in addition to being an official ambassador for the Multiple Sclerosis Association of America (MSSA) Her work has appeared in Rolling Stone, Spin Magazine, People Magazine, and Billboard Magazine.	Anna Webber	photographer
occupation	Rachel Bespaloff came from a Ukrainian Jewish family: her father was the Zionist writer and activist Daniel Pasmanik.	Rachel Bespaloff	writer
occupation	Karl Sabbagh is a Palestinian-British writer, journalist and television producer.	Karl Sabbagh	writer	journalist
occupation	Willy Decker (born 1950) is a German theatre director, particularly known for his opera productions.	Willy Decker	director
occupation	Frank Pietri (born Francisco Pietri, July 6, 1934 in Ponce, Puerto Rico) is an American Jazz Instructor, choreographer and performer in New York City.	Frank Pietri	choreographer
occupation	Fernando Zóbel de Ayala y Montojo (August 27, 1924 -- June 2, 1984), also known as Fernando M. Zóbel, was a Spanish Filipino painter, businessman, art collector and museum founder.	Fernando Zóbel de Ayala y Montojo	painter
occupation	John Shaw Billings (April 12, 1838 -- March 11, 1913) was an American librarian and surgeon best known as the modernizer of the Library of the Surgeon General's Office of the Army and as the first director of the New York Public Library.	John Shaw Billings	librarian	surgeon
occupation	Michaela Paetsch Neftel (born November 12, 1961) is an American violinist who was born in Colorado Springs.	Michaela Paetsch	violinist
occupation	Maris Harvey Taylor (June 5, 1876 -- May 16, 1982), often known as M. Harvey Taylor or simply Harvey Taylor, was a Republican politician.	M. Harvey Taylor	politician
occupation	Lisa Menna (b. July 24, 1967) is a professional magician and philanthropist adventurer.	Lisa Menna	magician
occupation	Professor Robert T Beaty OBE FREng FIEE, FIProdE, engineer, is a former Chairman of Renfrewshire Enterprise, Chairman of the Court of the University of Paisley and the University of the West of Scotland, and member of the Scottish Industrial Development Advisory Board.	Robert T Beaty	engineer
occupation	Neil Giuntoli (born 1959) is an American actor active since 1987, whose most famous role was in Child's Play (1988).	Neil Giuntoli	actor
occupation	Rene Gube is an American comedian, actor and writer.	Rene Gube	actor
occupation	An Te Liu is a Canadian artist with a background in art history and architecture.	An Te Liu	artist
occupation	Chad Muska (born May 20, 1977) is an American professional skateboarder and entrepreneur.	Chad Muska	skateboarder
occupation	Walcher of Malvern, also known as Walcher of Lorraine or Doctor Walcher, was the second Prior of Malvern, England, and a noted astrologer-astronomer and mathematician.	Walcher of Malvern	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Joe Lizura (born Joseph Raymond Lizura, April 4, 1961) is an American television meteorologist as well as an actor, spokesperson, author and television show developer, writer and producer.	Joe Lizura	meteorologist
occupation	Christian Reiher (born April 19, 1984, in Starnberg) is a German mathematician.	Christian Reiher	mathematician
occupation	Merieme Chadid (born October 11, 1969 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan astronomer and researcher at Dome C, Concordia Research Station in Antarctica.	Merieme Chadid	astronomer
occupation	Lori Carson (born 1958) is a singer/songwriter whose albums include:	Lori Carson	singer
occupation	Salim Nourallah is a Texas-based singer, songwriter, and producer.	Salim Nourallah	singer, songwriter
occupation	Valère Regnault or Regnauld (Latin: Valerius Reginaldus) (1545--1623) was a French Jesuit theologian.	Valère Regnault	theologian
occupation	Tiffany Packard Yu (Chinese: 余佩詩; Jyutping: jyu4 pui3 si1; born June 29, 1993 in Monterey Park, USA) is a figure skater who represents Hong Kong.	Tiffany Packard Yu	figure skater
occupation	Bernard Goldman was an art historian and archeologist specializing in ancient Near Eastern art and archeology.	Bernard Goldman	art historian
occupation	Bob Weiskopf (March 13, 1914 -- February 20, 2001) was an American screenwriter and producer for television.	Bob Weiskopf	screenwriter
occupation	Mukul Dev is an Indian television, film actor known for his Hindi films and TV serials and music albums.	Mukul Dev	actor
occupation	Colin Campbell Ferrie (May 1, 1808 -- November 9, 1856) was a Canadian merchant, banker, and politician.	Colin Campbell Ferrie	politician
occupation	Kyriakos Tamvakis (Greek: Κυριάκος Ταμβάκης; born in 1950) is a Greek theoretical physicist and professor at the University of Ioannina.	Kyriakos Tamvakis	physicist
occupation	Fazeelat Aslam is a Pakistani documentary filmmaker and journalist based in New York.	Fazeelat Aslam	journalist
occupation	Wilbur Olin Atwater (May 3, 1844 -- September 22, 1907) was an American chemist known for his studies of human nutrition and metabolism.	Wilbur Olin Atwater	chemist
occupation	Tufail Ahmad is a British journalist and political commentator of Indian origin.	Tufail Ahmad	journalist
occupation	Oh Sang-jin (born February 15, 1980) is a South Korean former news anchor, television personality, and actor.	Oh Sang-jin	actor
occupation	Nelson Delailomaloma is a Fijian politician, who served as Minister for Education in the interim Cabinet formed by Laisenia Qarase in the wake of the Fiji coup of 2000.	Nelson Delailomaloma	politician
occupation	Randy Bish is an American editorial cartoonist working for the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review.	Randy Bish	cartoonist
occupation	Ivor Browne is a retired Irish psychiatrist, author, former Chief Psychiatrist of the Eastern Health Board, and Professor emeritus of psychiatry at University College Dublin.	Ivor Browne	psychiatrist
occupation	Dr. Henry Sherwood Lawrence (September 22, 1916 -- April 5, 2004) was an American immunologist best known for his discovery of transfer factors in 1949.	Henry Sherwood Lawrence	immunologist
occupation	Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Asina (lived 3rd century BC) was a Roman politician involved in the First Punic War.	Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Asina	politician
occupation	Rohit Khurana (born 20 November 1983) is an Indian model, film and television actor.	Rohit Khurana	actor
occupation	Charlie Burse (August 25, 1901 -- December 20, 1965) was an African-American blues musician, best known for his skill with the ukulele.	Charlie Burse	musician
occupation	Roy Barcroft (September 7, 1902 -- November 28, 1969) was an American character actor famous for playing villains in B-Westerns and other genres.	Roy Barcroft	actor
occupation	Pir Hadi Abdul Mannan (born 15 January 1947) is a journalist, writer, poet, philosopher, and Islamic scholar.	Pir Hadi Abdul Mannan	journalist
occupation	Carol Chomsky (July 1, 1930 -- December 19, 2008) was an American linguist and education specialist who studied language acquisition in children.	Carol Chomsky	linguist
occupation	Ninez Cacho-Olivares is a veteran journalist, having been one for over 20 years, as a feature writer and political columnists in various Manila broadsheets such as the Bulletin Today, Philippine Daily Inquirer, Business Day and Business World.	Ninez Cacho-Olivares	journalist
occupation	Joy Todd (died February 18, 2014) was an American casting director.	Joy Todd	casting director
occupation	Adele Givens (born Willadele Givens; July 1, 1960) is an American actress and comedian.	Adele Givens	comedian
occupation	Melanie Joy (born 1966) is an American social psychologist and activist, primarily notable for developing the concept of carnism.	Melanie Joy	psychologist
occupation	Henry Fairfield Osborn, Sr. ForMemRS (August 8, 1857 -- November 6, 1935) was an American geologist, paleontologist, and eugenist, and the president of the American Museum of Natural History for 25 years.	Henry Fairfield Osborn	geologist	paleontologist
occupation	Philip Thomas Porter (March 18, 1930 - March 30, 2011) was an electrical engineer and one of the guiding pioneers of the invention and development of early cellular telephone networks.	Philip Thomas Porter	engineer
occupation	Muhammad Okil Musalman (Nepali: मोहम्मद ओकिल मुसलमान) is a Nepalese politician, who belongs to the Madhesi Janadhikar Forum.	Muhammad Okil Musalman	politician
occupation	Troy Rutter (born August 1, 1973) is an American actor, author and programmer.	Troy Rutter	actor	programmer
occupation	In this, Edward Mulhare plays veteran movie actor Guy Roberts, and Anne Rogers portrays his wife June, and he asks her this particular question, whereupon she answers that Andy Williams, when 14, did dub his voice for Lauren Bacall.	Andy Williams	actor
occupation	Dr. Sabrina Kay is an entrepreneur who has been involved in education, fashion, leadership, and business.	Sabrina Kay	entrepreneur
occupation	Walter R. Tucker, Jr. (August 27, 1924 -- October 1, 1990) was an American dentist and politician who served nine years as the Mayor of Compton, California.	Walter R. Tucker, Jr.	politician
occupation	Rozakis is married to prolific author Dr. Laurie E. Rozakis PhD, a professor of English, grammar expert and ``author of more than 100 books'', and Bob Rozakis' co-writer on Detective Comics #464 (Oct. 1976).	Bob Rozakis	author
occupation	Germain Houde (born December 14, 1952) is a Quebec Genie Award-winning actor.	Germain Houde	actor
occupation	Mart Stam (August 5, 1899 -- February 21, 1986) was a Dutch architect, urban planner, and furniture designer.	Mart Stam	architect
occupation	Sander Greenland (born January 16, 1951) is an American statistician and epidemiologist known for his contributions to epidemiologic methods, meta-analysis, Bayesian inference and causal inference, among other topics.	Sander Greenland	statistician	epidemiologist
occupation	Lev Razumovsky (1926--2006) a Russian sculptor, painter, graphic artist, medal and toy designer, writer.	Lev Razumovsky	sculptor	painter
occupation	Hans Frauenfelder (born June 28, 1922) is a physicist and biophysicist notable for his discovery of perturbed angular correlation (PAC) in 1951.	Hans Frauenfelder	physicist
occupation	Erik Otto Larsen (1931 -- January 2008) was a Danish novelist, who was active as a visual artist before starting as a writer.	Erik Otto Larsen	writer
occupation	Hayma Ne Win (Burmese: ဟေမာနေဝင်း, pronounced: (hèmà nè wɪ́ɴ); commonly spelt Haymar Ne Win or Haymar Nay Win) is a Burmese singer who was popular during the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Hayma Ne Win	singer
occupation	Hans Hömberg (1903--1982) was a German playwright, journalist, novelist and screenwriter.	Hans Hömberg	journalist	screenwriter
occupation	Jacques de Baerze (active before 1384, died after 1399) was a Flemish sculptor in wood, two of whose major carved altarpieces survive in Dijon, now in France, then the capital of the Duchy of Burgundy.	Jacques de Baerze	sculptor
occupation	Fjölnir (Old Norse: Fjolnir, lit. ``Manifold'' or ``Multiplier'') is a legendary king in Norse mythology said to have been the son of Freyr (Frey) and his consort Gerðr (Gertha).	Fjölnir	king
occupation	Karimat El-Sayed is an Egyptian academic, crystallographer, and proponent of women's education.	Karimat El-Sayed	crystallographer
occupation	Polina Frantsena is a Russian film actress and model.	Polina Frantsena	model
occupation	Dana Loesch (pronounced DAY-nə LASH, née Eaton, born September 28, 1978) is an American conservative talk radio host, television host at TheBlaze and author of Hands Off My Gun:	Dana Loesch	radio host
occupation	Edmund Uvedale (died 1621), of Little Crichel, Dorset, was an English politician.	Edmund Uvedale (died 1621)	politician
occupation	Petr Sokolov (born in Moscow) was a Russian rugby league player.	Petr Sokolov	rugby league player
occupation	Ken Kotyk (born February 7, 1981) from Rama, Saskatchewan is a Canadian bobsledder who has competed since 2003.	Ken Kotyk	bobsledder
occupation	Peter Conradi is a British author and journalist who is foreign editor of The Sunday Times of London.	Peter Conradi	journalist
occupation	Reeve Robert Brenner (born 1936) is an American Reform rabbi, inventor and author.	Reeve Robert Brenner	rabbi
occupation	Jim McNeely (born May 18, 1949) is a Grammy award-winning jazz pianist, composer, and arranger.	Jim McNeely	pianist	composer
occupation	Rhan Hooper (born 9 January 1988) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who has played for the Brisbane Lions and the Hawthorn Hawks of the Australian Football League (AFL).	Rhan Hooper	Australian rules footballer
occupation	C. Y. Lee ( December 30, 1938 , Chinese: 李祖原; pinyin: Li Zuyuan; Wade--Giles: Li Tsǔyuán) is a Chinese architect based in Taiwan.	C. Y. Lee	architect
occupation	Joseph Francis Tolbert (July 27, 1912 -- January 9, 1984), better known as Frank X. Tolbert, was a Texas journalist, historian, and chili enthusiast.	Frank X. Tolbert	historian
occupation	David Wiltse is an American novelist and playwright known for his versatility of form.	David Wiltse	novelist	playwright
occupation	Twinka Thiebaud (December 9, 1945), is an American model who posed for many of the most important photographers of the 20th century.	Twinka Thiebaud	model
occupation	John Connock was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1554 and 1571.	John Connock	politician
occupation	Katie McLaughlin (born June 9, 1997) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in butterfly and freestyle events.	Katie McLaughlin	swimmer
occupation	David Goodway is a British historian and a respected international authority on anarchism and libertarian socialism.	David Goodway	historian
occupation	Camillo Karl Schneider (1876 - 1951) was an Austrian botanist and landscape architect .	Camillo Karl Schneider	botanist
occupation	Wilbur R. Ingalls, Jr., (February 21, 1923 − September 23, 1997) was an American architect from the state of Maine.	Wilbur R. Ingalls, Jr.	architect
occupation	Edgar Norton was an English-born American character actor.	Edgar Norton	actor
occupation	Síle Seoige (Irish pronunciation: (ˈʃiːlʲə ˈʃoːɟə)) (born 13 April 1979) is an Irish television presenter and Gaeilgeoir.	Síle Seoige	television presenter
occupation	Adil Kaouch (Arabic: عادل الكوش‎) (born January 1, 1979) is a Moroccan middle distance runner.	Adil Kaouch	middle distance runner
occupation	John Levee is an American abstract expressionist painter who has worked in Paris since 1949.	John Levee	painter
occupation	Mustafa Bumin (born 26 June 1940 in Mucur, Kırşehir Province) is a former Turkish judge.	Mustafa Bumin	judge
occupation	Natasha Wicks is an American model and was the winner of the Maxim UFC (Ultimate Fighting Championship) Octagon Girl Search.	Natasha Wicks	model
occupation	Susan Engberg (born June 12, 1940; Dubuque, Iowa) is an American novelist and award-winning author.	Susan Engberg	novelist
occupation	John Francis Mitchell (January 1, 1928 -- June 9, 2009) was an American electronics engineer and President & COO of Motorola.	John Francis Mitchell	engineer
occupation	Elizabeth Monroe Boggs (April 5, 1913 - January 27, 1996) was a policy maker, scholar, and advocate for people with developmental disabilities.	Elizabeth Monroe Boggs	advocate
occupation	Ron Bohmer is an American actor and singer best known for his musical theatre roles on Broadway.	Ron Bohmer	actor
occupation	The Master of Taüll (or Master of Tahull) is considered the greatest mural painter of the 12th century in Catalonia (northeastern Spain), as well as one of the most important Romanesque painters in Europe.	Master of Taüll	painter
occupation	Edward Pinnington (1846--1921) was a Scottish art historian, biographer and journalist.	Edward Pinnington	art historian	journalist
occupation	Napoleon Murphy Brock (born June 7, 1945) is an American singer, saxophonist and flute player who is best known for his work with Frank Zappa in the 1970s, including the albums Apostrophe, Roxy and Elsewhere, One Size Fits All, and Bongo Fury.	Napoleon Murphy Brock	singer	saxophonist
occupation	Carlo Antonio Gambara was an Italian mandolinist and composer in the early 19th century.	Carlo Antonio Gambara	mandolinist	composer
occupation	Johnnie Mae Young (March 12, 1923 -- January 14, 2014) was an American professional wrestler and an influential pioneer in women's wrestling, helping to increase its popularity during World War II and training many generations of wrestlers.	Mae Young	professional wrestler
occupation	Andrew Brook (born March 17, 1943) is a Canadian philosopher, author and academic particularly known for his writings on Immanuel Kant and the interplay between philosophy and cognitive science.	Andrew Brook	philosopher
occupation	Tarnya Cooper is an art historian and author.	Tarnya Cooper	art historian
occupation	Wessam Salamana is a Syrian boxer who competes as a bantamweight.	Wessam Salamana	boxer
occupation	Mance Lipscomb (April 9, 1895 -- January 30, 1976) was an American blues singer, guitarist and songster.	Mance Lipscomb	singer
occupation	Sadasiva Brahmendra (Telugu: సదాశివ బ్రహ్మేంద్ర ) was a saint, a composer of Carnatic music and an Advaita philosopher who lived near Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu during the 18th century.	Sadasiva Brahmendra	composer
occupation	Goldie Taylor (born July 18, 1968) is an American author and opinion writer based in Atlanta, Georgia.	Goldie Taylor	writer
occupation	Gary Kellgren (April 7, 1939 - July 20, 1977) was an American audio engineer and co-founder of The Record Plant recording studios, along with businessman Chris Stone.	Gary Kellgren	audio engineer
occupation	Thomas Welsh (frequently known as T.A. Welsh) was a British film producer.	T.A. Welsh	film producer
occupation	Vasily Pavlovich Rochev (Russian: Васи́лий Па́влович Рочев) (born December 22, 1951 in the village of Bakur, Izhemsky District, Komi ASSR) is a former Soviet/Russian cross-country skier who competed in the 1970s and early 1980s, training at Dynamo in Syktyvkar.	Vasily Pavlovich Rochev	cross-country skier
occupation	Rami Fortis (Hebrew: רָמִי פוֹרְטִיס, born July 7, 1954), or simply Fortis, is an Israeli rock singer.	Rami Fortis	singer
occupation	Theodore D. Parsons (May 24, 1894 -- ) was an American lawyer who served as New Jersey Attorney General from 1949 to 1954.	Theodore D. Parsons	lawyer
occupation	Florijan Mićković (born 1935) is a Bosnian Croat sculptor living and working in Mostar and Međugorje.	Florijan Mićković	sculptor
occupation	Jung Yun-ho (born February 6, 1986), also known by his stage name U-Know Yunho or simply U-Know, is a South Korean singer, actor, dancer, and a member of the pop duo TVXQ.	Yunho	singer	actor
occupation	Livio Dante Porta (March 21, 1922 -- June 10, 2003) was an Argentine steam locomotive engineer.	Livio Dante Porta	engineer
occupation	Robert Ridgely (December 24, 1931 -- February 8, 1997) was an American actor and vocal artist, known for both on-camera roles and extensive voice-over work.	Robert Ridgely	actor
occupation	Luke Rhinehart (born George Cockcroft November 15, 1932) is the American writer of nine novels, most notably The Dice Man, a 1971 novel about a psychotherapist who casts dice in place of making decisions.	Luke Rhinehart	writer
occupation	Rob Galbraith is a photographer and photojournalism teacher who became well-known as a photography writer with his Digital Photography Insights (DPI) website, known for its memory card benchmarks and its analysis of the Canon 1D autofocus system.	Rob Galbraith	photographer
occupation	Vince Howard is an American actor who has made many guest appearances on television.	Vince Howard	actor
occupation	Humphrey Mitchell, PC (September 9, 1894 -- August 1, 1950) was a Canadian politician and trade unionist.	Humphrey Mitchell	politician
occupation	Mark Furey is a Canadian politician and retired police officer, who was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in the 2013 provincial election.	Mark Furey	politician
occupation	Roysten Abel is a noted Indian theatre director and playwright, known for devised theatre and plays involving folk performers, and productions like Othello in Black and White, Flowers, The Manganiyar Seduction, and A Hundred Snake Charmers.	Roysten Abel	theatre director
occupation	Tao Ho (何弢, Pinyin: Hé Tāo) is an architect from Hong Kong.	Tao Ho	architect
occupation	Gerben Moerman is a Dutch sociologist who teaches at the University of Amsterdam (UvA).	Gerben Moerman	sociologist
occupation	George Arthur Barnes (1883--1919) was an English racing motorcyclist and a pioneer aviator.	George Arthur Barnes	aviator
occupation	Judianna Makovsky (born August 24, 1967) is an American costume designer who is perhaps best known for her work in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, The Hunger Games and Seabiscuit.	Judianna Makovsky	costume designer
occupation	Tadao Baba is a retired Japanese motorcycle engineer, the original designer of the Honda Fireblade.	Tadao Baba	engineer
occupation	Born in Wuppertal, Germany, composer Stefan Hakenberg now resides in Juneau, Alaska.	Stefan Hakenberg	composer
occupation	Winslow Ames (1907 in Chile -- 1990) was an American art historian.	Winslow Ames	art historian
occupation	Nancy Reddin Kienholz (born December 9, 1943) is an American mixed media artist based in Hope, Idaho.	Nancy Reddin Kienholz	artist
occupation	In his foreword for the book ``Carlo Pedretti - A Bibiiography of His Work On Leonardo da Vinci And The Renaissance (1944-1984)'' compiled by Joyce Ludmer, famed art historian Kenneth Clark states: ``He (Pedretti) is unquestionably the greatest Leonardo scholar of our time...''	Carlo Pedretti	art historian
occupation	Jochen Lempert (born 1958 in Moers) is a German photographer whose work is about the world of nature and animals.	Jochen Lempert	photographer
occupation	Leucippus (/luːˈsɪpəs/; Greek: Λεύκιππος, Leukippos; fl. 5th century BCE) is reported in some ancient sources to have been a philosopher who was the earliest Greek to develop the theory of atomism -- the idea that everything is composed entirely of various imperishable, indivisible elements called atoms.	Leucippus	philosopher
occupation	John Vause, an Australian journalist , is an Los Angeles-based presenter for CNN International.	John Vause	journalist
occupation	Bernd Upmeyer (born July 2, 1973, Göttingen) is a German architect and urbanist.	Bernd Upmeyer	architect
occupation	Rabbi Chaim Flom (died May 19, 2008) was a rabbi, scholar and Rosh Yeshiva of Yeshivat Ohr David in Jerusalem, Israel.	Chaim Flom	rabbi
occupation	Walter Cameron Nichol (October 15, 1866 -- December 19, 1928) was a Canadian journalist, newspaper editor and publisher, and the 12th Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia.	Walter Cameron Nichol	journalist	publisher
occupation	Elaine Svenonius is an American librarian and library scholar, known for her research on bibliographical control, particularly cataloging, classification, and indexing.	Elaine Svenonius	librarian
occupation	Philip Abbott (March 21, 1924 -- February 23, 1998) was an American character actor of film and television and an occasional voice actor.	Philip Abbott	actor
occupation	Jimmy Katumba (1956 -- 2006) was a Ugandan popular music singer.	Jimmy Katumba	singer
occupation	Enefiok Udo-Obong (born May 22, 1982) is a Nigerian sprinter who won a gold medal in 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2000 Olympics as well as a bronze medal in the same event at the 2004 Olympics.	Enefiok Udo-Obong	sprinter
occupation	Maxine Audley was married four times: to the pianist Leonard Cassini, to company manager Andrew Broughton, to Frederick Granville the impresario, with whom she had a daughter, Deborah Jane, and to the Irish singer,songwriter,actor and lyricist Leo Maguire.	Maxine Audley	actor
occupation	Jane MacLaren Walsh is an anthropologist and researcher at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C. She is known for her role in exposing faked pre-Columbian artifacts.	Jane MacLaren Walsh	anthropologist
occupation	Chao Te-Yin (Chinese: 趙德胤; pinyin: Zhào Déyìn) (born December 18, 1982), known by his English name Midi Z, is a Myanmar-born Taiwanese film director.	Midi Z	film director
occupation	Ira Trombley (April 16, 1952 -- December 20, 2009) was a Vermont legislator and politician.	Ira Trombley	politician
occupation	Marcus Svensson is a Swedish sport shooter.	Marcus Svensson	sport shooter
occupation	Christopher Bollen (born November 26, 1975) is a novelist and magazine writer/editor who lives in New York City.	Christopher Bollen	novelist
occupation	Daniel Cosío Villegas (July 23, 1898 -- March 10, 1976) was a prominent Mexican economist, essayist, historian and diplomat.	Daniel Cosío Villegas	economist	historian
occupation	Jess Moskaluke (born in Langenburg, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian country pop singer.	Jess Moskaluke	singer
occupation	Isaac ben Mordecai, known as Maestro Gajo, was an Italian Jewish physician.	Isaac ben Mordecai	physician
occupation	Detlef Ultsch (born November 7, 1955) is a former East German judoka.	Detlef Ultsch	judoka
occupation	Jules Faber is a cartoonist, caricature artist, illustrator and finished artist located in Coffs Harbour.	Jules Faber	cartoonist
occupation	Patricio Manns (born August 3, 1937) is a Chilean composer, author, poet, novelist, essayist, play writer and journalist.	Patricio Manns	composer	poet
occupation	Alex Baroni, born Alessandro Guido Maria Baroni (December 22, 1966 -- April 13, 2002) was an Italian white soul singer, active between 1994 and 2002.	Alex Baroni	singer
occupation	Amos M. Smith (May 15, 1871 -- October 15, 1937), known during his career as Mysterious Billy Smith, was a Canadian boxer.	Mysterious Billy Smith	boxer
occupation	Nick Torres is an American songwriter from Huntsville, Alabama.	Nick Torres	songwriter
occupation	Tracy Reese (born February 12, 1964) is an American fashion designer who specializes in women's ready-to-wear clothing, accessories, and home fashions such as linens.	Tracy Reese	fashion designer
occupation	Allari Naresh (born Edara Naresh) is an Indian film actor who stars in Tollywood films.	Allari Naresh	actor
occupation	Sterling Nesbitt (born March 25, 1982, in Mesa, Arizona) is an American paleontologist.	Sterling Nesbitt	paleontologist
occupation	Charles Raymond Loring II (May 20, 1943 -- September 6, 2008), known professionally as ``Ray Loring'', was a classically trained music composer and professor, in Massachusetts.	Ray Loring	composer
occupation	Malcolm Stent (born 14 June 1945, Saltley, Birmingham) is a British actor, musical performer and playwright, who lives in Solihull.	Malcolm Stent	actor
occupation	Vinod Patel is a Fiji Indian businessman, soccer administrator and politician.	Vinod Patel	politician
occupation	Caleb Truax, alias Golden (born September 14, 1983), is a middleweight professional boxer from Minnesota.	Caleb Truax	boxer
occupation	John Stewart Socha is a Spring Grove, Minnesota-based radio broadcaster and journalist who specializes in technology subjects.	John Stewart Socha	journalist
occupation	De Jalma West (May 19, 1876 - November 15, 1958) was an American actor and a federal immigrant inspector.	De Jalma West	actor
occupation	Kye Fleming (born Rhonda Kye Fleming, on October 9, 1951 in Pensacola, Florida), is an American singer/songwriter and music publisher working in Nashville, Tennessee.	Kye Fleming	singer
occupation	Paolo Caylina the Younger was a 16th-century Italian painter active mainly in Brescia in a Renaissance style.	Paolo Caylina the Younger	painter
occupation	Jessica Rosemary Francis Mills, commonly known as Jess Mills and more recently as SLO, is an English singer/songwriter and musician, currently signed to Island Records, who has collaborated with many UK Electronic music producers including Photek, Distance and Breakage.	Jess Mills	musician
occupation	Johnny Valentine (born John Theodore Wisniski, September 22, 1928 -- April 24, 2001) was an American professional wrestler with a career spanning almost three decades.	Johnny Valentine	professional wrestler
occupation	Julien Civange is a musician, composer, lyricist, and producer.	Julien Civange	composer
occupation	Avrohom Gurwicz is an English-born Orthodox rabbi and Talmudic scholar.	Avrohom Gurwicz	rabbi
occupation	Jonathan Mayer (born February 5, 1987) is an American computer scientist and lawyer.	Jonathan Mayer	computer scientist
occupation	Dan Monahan (born July 20, 1955) is an American actor, best known for his role as Edward ``Pee Wee'' Morris in the 1980s Porky's trilogy of teen films.	Dan Monahan	actor
occupation	José Gonzalo Rodríguez Gacha (May 14, 1947 -- December 15, 1989), also known by the nickname El Mexicano, was a Colombian drug lord who was one of the leaders of the notorious Medellín Cartel along with the Ochoa Brothers and Pablo Escobar.	José Gonzalo Rodríguez Gacha	drug lord
occupation	Millie Scott is an American R&B singer, who had moderate success in the US Billboard R&B chart during the 1980s.	Millie Scott	singer
occupation	Moses Driver is a Fijian police officer, who is the immediate past Deputy Commissioner of Police.	Moses Driver	police officer
occupation	Kumiko Sakino (先野久美子 Sakino Kumiko, born September 9, 1975) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.	Kumiko Sakino	volleyball player
occupation	Anna Louise Day Hicks (October 16, 1916 -- October 21, 2003) was an American politician and lawyer from Boston, Massachusetts, best known for her staunch opposition to desegregation in Boston Public Schools, and especially to court-ordered busing in the 1960s and 1970s.	Louise Day Hicks	politician
occupation	Harry Arthur Taussig (alternately appearing as Harry Taussig, Arthur Taussig, or H. Arthur Taussig, born 1941) is an American physicist, collage artist, photographer, film analyst and fingerstyle guitarist.	Harry Taussig	artist	photographer	guitarist
occupation	Jake Lodwick (born July 25, 1981) is a software engineer, serial entrepreneur and investor, best known as co-founder of Vimeo.	Jake Lodwick	entrepreneur
occupation	Robert Redfield (December 4, 1897 -- October 16, 1958) was an American anthropologist and ethnolinguist.	Robert Redfield	anthropologist
occupation	Iosif Berman (January 17, 1892 -- September 17, 1941) was a Romanian photographer and journalist during the interwar period.	Iosif Berman	photographer	journalist
occupation	Stanley W. Merrell was a lawyer from a prominent Cincinnati family in the U.S. State of Ohio.	Stanley W. Merrell	lawyer
occupation	Szilard Voros is a Hungarian-born American cardiologist and globally renowned leading research scientist in advanced cardiovascular imaging, biomarkers, lipoprotein metabolism and genomics.	Szilard Voros	cardiologist
occupation	Becca Albee is an American musician and visual artist who was a founding member of the band Excuse 17 which was an early pioneer in the Riot grrrl and Third-wave feminism movements.	Becca Albee	artist
occupation	Rich Falk is a former college basketball coach.	Rich Falk	basketball coach
occupation	Scott Lautenbaugh (born November 11, 1964 in Sioux City, Iowa) is a politician from the state of Nebraska in the Midwestern United States.	Scott Lautenbaugh	politician
occupation	Reginaldus Libert (Reginald; also Liebert) (fl. c. 1425--1435) was a French composer of the early Renaissance.	Reginaldus Libert	composer
occupation	Albert Shield Walker (January 1, 1846 in southwestern Missouri -- September 15, 1915 in Springfield, Oregon) was the first mayor of Springfield, Oregon in 1885 and a blacksmith.	Albert Shield Walker	blacksmith
occupation	Giovanni Battista Doni (c. 1593 -- 1647) was an Italian musicologist who made an extensive study of ancient music.	Giovanni Battista Doni	musicologist
occupation	Aaron ben Jacob ha-Kohen was a Provençal rabbi, one of a family of scholars living at Narbonne, France (not Lunel, as David Conforte and others say), and who suffered the expulsion of the Jews in 1306.	Aaron ben Jacob ha-Kohen	rabbi
occupation	Raffaele Festa Campanile (Born in Rome, August 26, 1961) is an Italian television author, screenwriter, film director, music producer.	Raffaele Festa Campanile	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Helena Bechlerowa (1908--1995) was a Polish children's writer and translator.	Helena Bechlerowa	children's writer
occupation	Rodney Matthews is an illustrator and conceptual designer of fantasy and science-fiction.	Rodney Matthews	illustrator
occupation	Jean Philippe Piter (born 1968) is a French photographer well known for his fine art nudes.	Jean Philippe Piter	photographer
occupation	Diana Anaid (born Newcastle, 8 April 1976) is the performance name of Diana Gosper, an Australian alternative rock singer-songwriter.	Diana Anaid	singer-songwriter
occupation	Eshaq Jahangiri Kouhshahi (Persian: ‌اسحاق جهانگیری کوهشاهی‎, born 10 January 1957) is an Iranian politician and first vice president of Hassan Rouhani's government.	Eshaq Jahangiri	politician
occupation	Peter Schimke (born in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American piano player, songwriter, composer, session musician and producer.	Peter Schimke	songwriter
occupation	John Curtis Chamberlain (June 5, 1772 -- December 8, 1834) was an American attorney and Federalist politician in the U.S. state of New Hampshire who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives and as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives.	John Curtis Chamberlain	politician
occupation	Since 1996 the Walter Hasenclever Prize has been awarded to a German-language writer every two years.	Walter Hasenclever	writer
occupation	John Gabriel Perboyre, C.M. (French: Jean-Gabriel Perboyre), was a French priest, who served as a missionary in China, where he became a martyr.	John Gabriel Perboyre	priest
occupation	Ashraf Shad (Urdu: اشرف شاد‎) is a Pakistani writer, poet and journalist.	Ashraf Shad	poet	journalist
occupation	John Raymond Hubbell (June 1, 1879 -- December 13, 1954), also known as Raymond Hubbell, was an American writer, composer and lyricist.	John Raymond Hubbell	composer
occupation	Bernard Weiner (born 1935) is an American social psychologist known for developing a form of attribution theory which explains the emotional and motivational entailments of academic success and failure.	Bernard Weiner	psychologist
occupation	Ann Downer was an American writer, principally of fantasy novels for children and young adults, as well as short fiction and poetry.	Ann Downer	writer
occupation	Kobie Watkins (born July 26, 1975) is an American drummer and percussionist in Jazz, Latin, and Gospel music genres, and a music educator.	Kobie Watkins	drummer
occupation	Mark Snow (born August 26, 1946) is an American composer for film and television, perhaps best known for his work with The X-Files.	Mark Snow	composer
occupation	Edgar Oliver (born October 31, 1956) is an American stage and film actor, poet, performance artist and playwright.	Edgar Oliver	playwright
occupation	Carine Bijlsma (b. February 16, 1983) is a Dutch documentary film maker and photographer.	Carine Bijlsma	photographer
occupation	Burt Kearns is an American television and film producer, writer, director, journalist and author, known for his influential work in reality television and his controversial 1999 tabloid television memoir, Tabloid Baby.	Burt Kearns	film producer	journalist
occupation	Michael Fracasso is a singer-songwriter based in Austin, Texas.	Michael Fracasso	singer-songwriter
occupation	Monique Deland (born July 6, 1958) is a Quebec educator, journalist and poet.	Monique Deland	journalist	poet
occupation	Dino Verde (24 April 1931 -- 23 July 2013) was an Italian author, lyricist, playwright and screenwriter.	Dino Verde	lyricist	playwright	screenwriter
occupation	Vladimir Suchánek (born February 12, 1933 in Nové Město nad Metují) is a Czech graphic artist and postage stamp designer.	Vladimir Suchánek	artist
occupation	Clément Vincent (born May 18, 1931) was a Canadian politician and a Member of the House of Commons.	Clément Vincent	politician
occupation	Rodd Redwing, also known as Roderic Redwing or Rodric Redwing (August 24, 1904 -- May 29, 1971), was a Native American actor, noted for being the world's greatest quick-draw artist with six-guns.	Rodd Redwing	actor
occupation	Janko Drašković (October 20, 1770 -- January 14, 1856) was a Croatian national reformer, politician and poet.	Janko Drašković	politician	poet
occupation	Kit McClure is a jazz musician and bandleader of the big band Kit McClure Band and founder of the Women in Jazz Project.	Kit McClure	jazz musician
occupation	William Paret was the 137th bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America and was a bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Maryland.	William Paret	bishop
occupation	Alain Hubert (born September 11, 1953) is a Belgian explorer.	Alain Hubert	explorer
occupation	Vinod Krishan, a physicist, is a Senior Professor and Dean of Sciences at the Indian Institute of Astrophysics, Bangalore.	Vinod Krishan	physicist
occupation	Ethel Winter (June 18, 1924 -- March 10, 2012) was an American ballet dancer and dance instructor.	Ethel Winter	ballet dancer
occupation	Fidel Maldonado (born July 23, 1991 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is a Mexican-American professional boxer and the current WBC Youth World Lightweight Champion.	Fidel Maldonado	boxer
occupation	Zeno of Elea (/ˈziːnoʊ əv ˈɛliə/; Greek: Ζήνων ὁ Ἐλεάτης; c. 490 -- c. 430 BC) was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher of Magna Graecia and a member of the Eleatic School founded by Parmenides.	Zeno of Elea	philosopher
occupation	Noman Mubashir (born June 13, 1974) is a Norwegian journalist employed by the NRK.	Noman Mubashir	journalist
occupation	Lee Haney (born November 11, 1959) is an American former IFBB professional bodybuilder.	Lee Haney	bodybuilder
occupation	Australian novelist Murray Bail is most well known for Eucalyptus which won the Miles Franklin Award in 1999.	Murray Bail	novelist
occupation	Lewis Harris, also known as Louis Harris, was an English rugby league player.	Lewis Harris	rugby league player
occupation	Matthew Crane (born May 4, 1967) is an American actor, usually credited as Matt Crane.	Matt Crane	actor
occupation	Rebecca Shocklee (born September 1, 1978, née Wilson), better known by her stage name Beckah Shae, is an American Christian-pop-worship singer-songwriter.	Beckah Shae	singer-songwriter
occupation	Juan Manuel Guillén Benavides (born November 24, 1941) is a Peruvian philosopher and politician.	Juan Manuel Guillén	philosopher	politician
occupation	Roy Emile Gereau (born 1947) is an American botanist and explorer.	Roy Emile Gereau	botanist
occupation	Wayne Wahrman, sometimes credited as Wayne P. Wahrman or Wayne R. Wahrman, is a film editor.	Wayne Wahrman	film editor
occupation	David Brisbin (born June 26, 1952) is an American television actor who gained fame as Mr Ernst on the Nickelodeon television show Hey Dude and as a newscaster in Paramount's Forrest Gump.	David Brisbin	actor
occupation	Marsha Garces Williams (born June 18, 1956) is an American film producer and philanthropist.	Marsha Garces Williams	film producer
occupation	John the Scythian (Latin: Iohannes Scytha, Greek: Ἰωάννης ὁ Σκύθης; floruit 482--498) was a general and a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire who fought against the usurper Leontius (484--488) and in the Isaurian War (492--498).	John the Scythian	politician
occupation	Barbara Bestor is an American architect based in Los Angeles, California.	Barbara Bestor	architect
occupation	Darrell Montague (born November 3, 1987) is an American mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship' flyweight division.	Darrell Montague	mixed martial artist
occupation	Sied Chahrour, better known by his stage names Pittsburgh Slim and later as Slimmie and Slimmie Hendrix is an American rapper from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania of mixed Algerian and Mexican origins.	Pittsburgh Slim	rapper
occupation	Max Lohde (February 13, 1845 -- December 18, 1868) was a German painter, known for his sgraffito work.	Max Lohde	painter
occupation	Rayhon Gʻaniyeva (Uzbek: Rayhon Gʻaniyeva, Райҳон Ғаниева; Russian: Райхон Ганиева) (born September 16, 1978), better known simply as Rayhon, is an Uzbek singer, songwriter and actress.	Rayhon	singer
occupation	Yasa was a bhikkhu during the time of Gautama Buddha.	Yasa	bhikkhu
occupation	Petra Haden (born October 11, 1971) is an American violinist and singer.	Petra Haden	singer
occupation	Maureen Maher is an American television news reporter and correspondent.	Maureen Maher	correspondent
occupation	Roland Thornqvist (born March 3, 1970) is a Swedish-born American college tennis coach and former college tennis player.	Roland Thornqvist	tennis coach	tennis player
occupation	The Phrynos Painter was an Attic black-figure vase painter, active in Athens between circa 560 and 545 BC. Since his real name is unknown, he was allocated the conventional name Phrynos Painter after the potter Phrynos, as he had painted three cups signed by the latter:	Phrynos Painter	black-figure vase painter
occupation	Rob Kendrick is an English rock guitarist, best known as guitarist for the English band, Trapeze.	Rob Kendrick	guitarist
occupation	Jarrell Miller (born July 15, 1988) is an American kickboxer and undefeated boxer who competes in the heavyweight division.	Jarrell Miller	boxer
occupation	Eric Adjetey Anang ( pronunciation ; born 1985) is a Ghanaian sculptor and fantasy coffin carpenter.	Eric Adjetey Anang	sculptor
occupation	Mark N. Wegman is an American computer scientist known for his contributions to algorithms and compiler optimization.	Mark N. Wegman	computer scientist
occupation	Lee Feinswog (born August 12, 1954, in West Long Branch, New Jersey) is an American author and journalist noted for being the executive producer and host of the TV shows Sports Monday and Sports 225 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	Lee Feinswog	journalist
occupation	Ahmed Ahmed (Arabic: أحمد أحمد‎, IPA: (ˈæħmæd); born June 27, 1970) is an Egyptian-born American actor and comedian.	Ahmed Ahmed	actor
occupation	Dandeniya Premachandra de Silva (also known as D. P. de Silva) is a former Ceylonese cricketer.	Premachandra de Silva	cricketer
occupation	In 1771 Elijah Craig was ordained and became the pastor of Blue Run church, halfway between Barboursville and Liberty Mills, Virginia.	Elijah Craig	pastor
occupation	Shagufta Yaqub is a journalist and commentator.	Shagufta Yaqub	journalist
occupation	General Hernán Pujato (1904--2003) was an Argentinian military general, diplomat, and explorer.	Hernán Pujato	diplomat
occupation	Damon J. Smith, also known by his stage name as Rafa Selase, is an American athlete, author, entrepreneur, engineer, performance poet and radio personality.	Damon J. Smith	entrepreneur
occupation	Sister Mary Annella Zervas, Servant of God (born April 7, 1900, Moorhead, Minnesota -- died August 14, 1926, Moorhead, Minnesota) was an American Benedictine nun who died after a three-year battle with the skin disease Pityriasis rubra pilaris.	Annella Zervas	nun
occupation	Julius Garfinckel (November 5, 1872 -- November 5, 1936) was a prominent American merchant, business executive and philanthropist.	Julius Garfinckel	merchant
occupation	Sean Tiedeman (born November 17, 1972) is an American film director, producer, musician, and actor.	Sean Tiedeman	film director	musician	actor
occupation	Robert Ridgway (July 2, 1850 -- March 25, 1929) was an American ornithologist specializing in systematics.	Robert Ridgway	ornithologist
occupation	Colin Woodard (born December 3, 1968) is an American journalist and writer, best known for his books American Nations:	Colin Woodard	journalist
occupation	Jason Overby (born March 4, 1975, in Oklahoma City) is an American artist and critic associated with the art comics and abstract comics movements.	Jason Overby	artist
occupation	Malcolm Dalglish (born August 14, 1952) is an American hammered dulcimer player and builder, composer, and choral director.	Malcolm Dalglish	composer
occupation	Peter Svensson is a songwriter, producer and musician.	Peter Svensson	musician
occupation	Luca Bercovici is an American filmmaker, director, writer, producer and actor based in Budapest, Hungary.	Luca Bercovici	actor
occupation	Biswanath Basu (or sometimes Biswanath Bose) is an Indian film actor who appears in Bengali films.	Biswanath Basu	actor
occupation	Ramón A. Domínguez (born November 24, 1976 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a retired Eclipse Award-winning champion jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.	Ramón A. Domínguez	jockey
occupation	Greg Pak is an American film director and comic book writer, known for his work on books published by Marvel Comics, including X-Treme X-Men and several titles featuring the Hulk.	Greg Pak	film director
occupation	Daniel Tovar is a Mexican actor (born August 27, 1989).	Daniel Tovar	actor
occupation	Mark Reed Levin (/ləˈvɪn/; born September 21, 1957) is an American lawyer, author, and the host of American syndicated radio show The Mark Levin Show.	Mark Levin	lawyer	author
occupation	Nina Hartley (born Marie Louise Hartman; March 11, 1959) is an American pornographic actress, pornographic film director, sex educator, sex-positive feminist, and author.	Nina Hartley	film director	sex educator
occupation	Mark Panek is a Hawaii novelist and scholar.	Mark Panek	novelist
occupation	Ankit Narang is an Indian actor who made his television debut with the soap opera, Tum Dena Saath Mera, as Manan Sharma on Life OK, in 2011.	Ankit Narang	actor
occupation	William Bradshaw Egan (September 28, 1808 -- October 27, 1860), sometimes Eagan, was an Irish American physician, politician, and orator.	William Bradshaw Egan	politician
occupation	Dirk Haire is an attorney and Republican politician.	Dirk Haire	politician
occupation	Meyer Dolinsky (October 13, 1923 in Chicago, Illinois -- February 29, 1984 in Los Angeles, California), aka Mike Dolinsky (sometimes credited as ``Michael Adams'' or ``Mike Adams''), was an American screenwriter.	Meyer Dolinsky	screenwriter
occupation	Dominic Crotty (born July 28, 1974, Cork) is a retired Irish rugby union player.	Dominic Crotty	rugby union player
occupation	Abhiram Bhadkamkar (born 7 January 1965) is a famous Indian film actor, director and writer.	Abhiram Bhadkamkar	actor
occupation	Carlos Franqui (December 4, 1921 -- April 16, 2010) was a Cuban writer, poet, journalist, art critic, and political activist.	Carlos Franqui	writer	poet	journalist
occupation	Duilio Forte (November 5, 1967) is an Italian artist and architect.	Duilio Forte	artist	architect
occupation	Thomas N. Heffron (June 13, 1872 -- May 24, 1951) was a screenwriter, actor, and a director.	Thomas N. Heffron	actor
occupation	Ritch Shydner (born December 3, 1952) is an American stand-up comedian, comic writer, and actor.	Ritch Shydner	writer	actor
occupation	Francis Wellington Hay (November 17, 1864 -- April 1, 1932) was a grain merchant and Canadian politician.	Wellington Hay	politician
occupation	David Eddings (July 7, 1931 -- June 2, 2009) was an American fantasy writer.	David Eddings	writer
occupation	John Dadford was an English canal engineer, as were his father Thomas Dadford and brothers Thomas Dadford, Jr. and James Dadford.	John Dadford	engineer
occupation	Buzz Lightyear's name was inspired by Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin, the second person to walk on the Moon.	Buzz Lightyear	astronaut
occupation	Alvan Clark (March 8, 1804 -- August 19, 1887), born in Ashfield, Massachusetts, the descendant of a Cape Cod whaling family of English ancestry, was an American astronomer and telescope maker.	Alvan Clark	astronomer
occupation	This researcher and practicing psychiatrist was the host of the TV series Your Child Six to Twelve with Dr. Kyle Pruett.	Kyle Pruett	psychiatrist
occupation	Rosemary Homeister, Jr. (born July 5, 1972, in Hollywood, Florida) is an American jockey in thoroughbred horse racing.	Rosemary Homeister, Jr.	jockey
occupation	Angelo Messedaglia was an Italian, social scientist and statistician.	Angelo Messedaglia	statistician
occupation	Mike Amigorena (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmaik amiɣoˈɾena); born May 30, 1972) is an actor and Argentine television personality.	Mike Amigorena	actor
occupation	Leslie Wildman is an American composer, who grew up in Lake Bluff, Illinois.	Leslie Wildman	composer
occupation	Nikolai Bartossik (Ukrainian: Микола Григорович Бартосік Russian: Николай Григорьевич Бартосик) (born April 5, 1951) is a Ukrainian-American contemporary painter and monumental artist.	Nikolai Bartossik	painter
occupation	James R. Ford (born December 1, 1925, in Leon County, Florida) is an American educator, politician, businessman and community activist.	James R. Ford	politician
occupation	Padmapadacharya (fl. 8th century CE) was an Indian philosopher, a follower of Adi Shankara.	Padmapadacharya	philosopher
occupation	Ward Hunt (June 14, 1810 -- March 24, 1886), was an American jurist and politician.	Ward Hunt	politician
occupation	James Dawson Stelfox MBE is a Northern Ireland architect and chairman of Consarc Design Group.	Dawson Stelfox	architect
occupation	Sonnerat was the nephew of the botanist Pierre Poivre (mother of Pierre Sonnerat, Benoîte Poivre, was a cousine of Pierre Poivre).	Pierre Sonnerat	botanist
occupation	Nakul Dev Mahajan (born September 15, 1975) is an American Bollywood dancer and choreographer best known for his choreography on So You Think You Can Dance.	Nakul Dev Mahajan	choreographer
occupation	Niamh Houston (born September 23, 1991), better known by her stage name Chipzel, is a musician from Northern Ireland.	Chipzel	musician
occupation	Marc Oberon is an English magician, based in Nottingham.	Marc Oberon	magician
occupation	Abraham Lewinsky was a late nineteenth to early twentieth century German rabbi.	Abraham Lewinsky	rabbi
occupation	Michael Otsuka (born 1964) is a left-libertarian political philosopher and Professor in the Department of Philosophy, Logic & Scientific Method at the London School of Economics since 2013, and a member of LSE's Court of Governors.	Michael Otsuka	philosopher
occupation	William Kessen (January 18, 1925 -- February 13, 1999) was an American psychologist, educator, and historian of science.	William Kessen	psychologist	historian
occupation	Olga Orozco (1920--1999) (real name Olga Noemí Gugliotta) was an Argentine poet born in Toay, La Pampa.	Olga Orozco	poet
occupation	Gieve Patel (born 1940) is an Indian poet, playwright, painter, as well as a practicing doctor based in Mumbai.	Gieve Patel	painter
occupation	Ernst Helmut Brandt was German theoretical physicist working on the Abrikosov vortex lattice in type-II superconductors, particularly with the ideal lattice, its nonlocal elastic response, lattice defects, pinning, and geometrical effects in the electromagnetic response of superconductors.	Ernst Helmut Brandt	physicist
occupation	John Mlacak (February 27, 1936 -- September 19, 2014) was a Canadian politician and painter.	John Mlacak	painter
occupation	Sarah Ogan Gunning (June 28, 1910 -- November 14, 1983) was an American singer and songwriter from the coal mining country of eastern Kentucky, as were her older half-sister Aunt Molly Jackson and her brother Jim Garland.	Sarah Ogan Gunning	singer and songwriter
occupation	Tidiane N'Diaye is a Franco-Senegalese anthropologist, economist and writer.	Tidiane N'Diaye	anthropologist	economist	writer
occupation	Sybil Claiborne (November 1, 1923 -- December 16, 1992) was a novelist, short story writer, and antiwar activist, published stories in magazines like The New Yorker and Esquire.	Sybil Claiborne	novelist
occupation	Ana Mihajlovski (Cyrillic: Ана Михајловски; born October 20, 1982 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian television presenter mostly hosting locally licensed reality programmes through Emotion Production.	Ana Mihajlovski	presenter
occupation	Anca Parghel (September 16, 1957-- December 5, 2008) was a Romanian jazz artist, a singer (jazz, be-bop, samba, bel canto) who excelled in scat, improvisation and vocal percussion.	Anca Parghel	singer
occupation	Julius Vincenz von Krombholz (December 19, 1782 -- November 1, 1843) was a physician and mycologist born in Oberpolitz (today Horní Police, Czech Republic), northern Bohemia.	Julius Vincenz von Krombholz	physician	mycologist
occupation	Stilpo (or Stilpon; Greek: Στίλπων, gen.: Στίλπωνος; c. 360 -- c. 280 BC) was a Greek philosopher of the Megarian school.	Stilpo	philosopher
occupation	Samuel E. Hogg (April 18, 1783 -- May 28, 1842) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives who represented Tennessee from 1817 to 1819.	Samuel E. Hogg	politician
occupation	Carmen Dominicci and Mexican journalist Fernando del Rincón marry in a marathon celebration starting Friday and ending Sunday in Puerto Rico.	Carmen Dominicci	journalist
occupation	Bob Nolan (April 13, 1908 -- June 16, 1980) was a Canadian-born American singer, songwriter, and actor.	Bob Nolan	singer, songwriter	actor
occupation	William Waring Cuney (May 6, 1906 -- June 30, 1976) was an African American poet who made considerable contributions to the Harlem Renaissance.	Waring Cuney	poet
occupation	Plummer Hull Harman (February 3, 1886 -- November 26, 1958), known professionally as Pat Harmon, was an American film actor.	Pat Harmon	actor
occupation	Froggy Fresh (formerly known as Krispy Kreme; born 1990/1991) is a ``Southern speaking'' American rapper who became known after uploading ``The Baddest'', a rap music video on YouTube whose original upload earned over 11 million views.	Froggy Fresh	rapper
occupation	Duane Hanson (January 17, 1925 -- January 6, 1996) was an American artist and sculptor from Minnesota who worked in South Florida.	Duane Hanson	artist	sculptor
occupation	Steve Marker (born March 16, 1959) is an American musician and record producer, best known internationally as the guitarist of the Madison, Wisconsin-based alternative rock band Garbage.	Steve Marker	guitarist
occupation	Natasza Zylska, real name Natasza Zygelman (December 13, 1933 - March 29, 1995) was a Polish-Jewish singer.	Natasza Zylska	singer
occupation	Elart von Collani (born April 1, 1944, Lodz) is a German mathematician and stochastician who introduced a novel approach to science, which does not aim at explaining the universe, but at solving human problems.	Elart von Collani	mathematician
occupation	Alanah Woody (March 24, 1956 -- July 19, 2007) was an American archeologist, anthropologist, professor and executive director of the Nevada Rock Art Foundation.	Alanah Woody	anthropologist
occupation	Luis A. Aguilar is an American lawyer and former U.S. government official.	Luis A. Aguilar	lawyer
occupation	Edward Abbott Parry (1863--1943) was an English judge and dramatist.	Edward Abbott Parry	judge
occupation	Esaias Reynier Snijman was a South African (Boer) politician and statesman.	Esaias Reynier Snijman	politician
occupation	Afdhere Jama (born 1980) is an American writer and filmmaker of Somali origin.	Afdhere Jama	writer
occupation	Mamuka Kikalishvili (born November 15, 1971) is a Georgian fashion photographer.	Mamuka Kikalishvili	photographer
occupation	Alexis Ndinga is a Congolese politician who has served in the National Assembly of Congo-Brazzaville since 2012.	Alexis Ndinga	politician
occupation	Hwang Yea-baang (Chinese: 黃雅榜; pinyin: Huáng Yǎbǎng) is a Taiwanese politician.	Hwang Yea-baang	politician
occupation	Edsel Dope (born Brian Charles Ebejer, March 21, 1974, West Palm Beach, Florida) is the lead singer and main songwriter for nu metal/industrial metal band Dope.	Edsel Dope	singer	songwriter
occupation	Hugh de Willoughby DD was an English medieval theologian and university chancellor.	Hugh de Willoughby	theologian
occupation	Dr. Hasballah M. Saad (July 14, 1948 -- August 23, 2011) was an Indonesian politician from the National Mandate Party.	Hasballah M. Saad	politician
occupation	Franz Xaver Schmid; name sometimes given as Franz Xaver Schmid-Schwarzenberg (October 22, 1819 - November 28, 1883) was an Austrian-German educator and philosopher born in Schwarzenberg am Böhmerwald.	Franz Xaver Schmid	philosopher
occupation	Sadettin Ergeç is an Iraqi Turkmen politician and the leader of the Iraqi Turkmen Front (ITF) political party.	Sadettin Ergeç	politician
occupation	George Lunt (December 31, 1803 - May 17, 1885) was an American editor, lawyer, author, and politician.	George Lunt	politician
occupation	Beatriz Flores Silva (born November 7, 1956) is an Uruguayan - Belgian film director, film producer, screenwriter and teacher.	Beatriz Flores Silva	film director
occupation	Alan Lynch (born 22 January 1954) is a former Australian rules footballer and middle distance runner who played with Geelong West in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) and both Footscray and Richmond in the same Victorian Football League (VFL) season.	Alan Lynch	Australian rules footballer
occupation	F.J. Lennon (born April 1, 1964) is an American novelist, screenwriter, and independent digital media executive producer, designer, and writer.	F.J. Lennon	novelist
occupation	Mustapha Kamel Nabli (Arabic: مصطفى كمال النابلي‎; born in 1948) is a Tunisian economist.	Mustapha Kamel Nabli	economist
occupation	Clarence Hugo Linder (January 18, 1903 -- May 3, 1994) was a noted American electrical engineer and a founding member of the National Academy of Engineering.	Clarence Hugo Linder	engineer
occupation	Angus Scrimm (born Lawrence Rory Guy; August 19, 1926 -- January 9, 2016) was an American actor and author, best known for playing the Tall Man in the 1979 horror film Phantasm and its sequels.	Angus Scrimm	actor
occupation	Anders Håkan Lans (born 2 November 1947 in Enskede) is a Swedish inventor.	Håkan Lans	inventor
occupation	Arthur Nersesian is an American novelist, playwright, and poet.	Arthur Nersesian	novelist
occupation	Momokomotion (Momoko Ueda) is a Japanese multi-instrumentalist/singer/songwriter/artist based in Bangkok.	Momokomotion	singer
occupation	Wayne Lineburg (born January 12, 1974) was the interim head coach of the Richmond Spiders college football team, representing the University of Richmond, for the 2011 season.	Wayne Lineburg	head coach
occupation	Aviva Chomsky (born April 20, 1957) is an American teacher, historian, author and activist.	Aviva Chomsky	historian
occupation	Kristina M. Johnson is an American business executive, engineer, academic, and former government official.	Kristina M. Johnson	engineer
occupation	Andrijana Janevska (Macedonian: Андријана Јаневска, born December 6, 1981) is a famous Macedonian singer and musician.	Andrijana Janevska	singer
occupation	Cheng Wan-jung is a Taiwanese swimmer.	Cheng Wan-jung	swimmer
occupation	Jacob Pieter Den Hartog (July 23, 1901 Ambarawa, Dutch East Indies -- March 17, 1989) was a Dutch/American mechanical engineer and Professor of Mechanical Engineering at MIT.	Jacob Pieter Den Hartog	engineer
occupation	Caeleb Dressel (born August 16, 1996) is an American freestyle swimmer who specializes in the sprint events.	Caeleb Dressel	swimmer
occupation	Joann Kelly (born March 19, 1998), also known as Ariirayé, is an American singer.	Joann Kelly	singer
occupation	Fred G. Moritt (October 5, 1905 -- May 15, 1995) was an American lawyer, singer, composer, lyricist and politician from New York.	Fred G. Moritt	lawyer	politician
occupation	Guy Lionnet was a Mauritian-Seychellois agronomist, naturalist, linguist, playwright and historian.	Guy Lionnet	historian
occupation	Victor Giurgiu (born May 16, 1930 in Moieciu, Brașov County) is a Romanian forestry engineer, a titular member of the Romanian Academy since 2009.	Victor Giurgiu	engineer
occupation	Rick Moonen is a celebrated seafood chef and an early champion of sustainable fishing practices.	Rick Moonen	chef
occupation	Aisha Jefferson (Born October 27, 1986) is an American collegiate basketball player.	Aisha Jefferson	basketball player
occupation	Mechery Louis Ouseppachan (born 13 September 1955), mononymously known as Ousepachhan is an Indian film composer and Singer who mainly sets scores for Malayalam films.	Ouseppachan	composer
occupation	Kabary Salem is a former professional boxer who is famous for fighting Joe Calzaghe for the WBO super middleweight title in October 2004.	Kabary Salem	boxer
occupation	José Macedo Sánchez is a Peruvian politician and a Congressman representing Ucayali for the 2006-2011 term.	José Macedo	politician
occupation	Linda Fite is an American writer and editor who wrote the entire run of the Marvel Comics series The Cat (1972).	Linda Fite	writer
occupation	Vinzenz Fux (Vincenzio Fuxio), (circa1606--1659) was an Austrian musician and composer.	Vinzenz Fux	composer
occupation	Tom Pecora (born January 21, 1958) is an American college basketball coach and most recently the head men's basketball coach at Fordham University.	Tom Pecora	basketball coach
occupation	Carleton G. Howe (March 4, 1898 -- September 21, 1993) was a Vermont orchardist and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate.	Carleton G. Howe	politician
occupation	Erich Wiedemann is a German journalist and editor (at the Hamburg desk) for the weekly news magazine Der Spiegel, where he began as a reporter in 1988.	Erich Wiedemann	journalist
occupation	Jermaine Crawford Born (October 28, 1992) is an actor best known for appearing on the HBO original series The Wire as Duquan ``Dukie'' Weems.	Jermaine Crawford	actor
occupation	Zurab Kapianidze (Georgian: ზურაბ ქაფიანიძე; April 1, 1937 -- July 4, 2011) was a Georgian theater and film actor and philologist.	Zurab Kapianidze	actor
occupation	Zulfiqar Shah (Sindhi ذوالفقار شاہ Hindi जुल्फिकार शाह) is civil rights activist, journalist and writer of Sindhi origin.	Zulfiqar Shah	journalist
occupation	Mark Hellinger (March 21, 1903 - December 21, 1947) was an American journalist, theatre columnist and film producer.	Mark Hellinger	journalist	film producer
occupation	Carrie Newcomer is an American singer, songwriter and author.	Carrie Newcomer	singer
occupation	Robin L. Taylor (born February 5, 1943) is a lawyer from the U.S. state of Alaska.	Robin L. Taylor	lawyer
occupation	Mark Petersen-Perez is a watchdog of local governments in various cities in the greater San Francisco Bay region, political activist, financial analyst, and publisher of the online Palo Alto Free Press.	Mark Petersen-Perez	financial analyst
occupation	David Aaron Shayman (September 21, 1980 -- January 22, 2007), better known by his stage name Disco D, was an American record producer and composer.	Disco D	record producer	composer
occupation	Ramón Amor Amezcua Sánchez (born November 10, 1962), a.k.a. Bostich is an electronic music composer.	Bostich	composer
occupation	Matt Wuerker is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American political cartoonist and founding staff member of Politico.	Matt Wuerker	cartoonist
occupation	Phi Nhung is a Vietnamese singer who specialises in cai luong and vong co music.	Phi Nhung	singer
occupation	Patrick du Val (March 26, 1903--January 22, 1987) was a British mathematician, known for his work on algebraic geometry, differential geometry, and general relativity.	Patrick du Val	mathematician
occupation	Karl Korte (b. Ossining, New York, August 25, 1928) is an American composer of contemporary classical music.	Karl Korte	composer
occupation	Eric Uglum (born November 22, 1961) is an American folk and bluegrass musician, vocalist, producer, and audio engineer.	Eric Uglum	musician	audio engineer
occupation	Ivo Welch, is an American economist and finance academic.	Ivo Welch	economist
occupation	Chase Stevens (born January 17, 1979) is an American professional wrestler, best known for his work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, where he was a member of The Naturals alongside his tag team partner Andy Douglas.	Chase Stevens	professional wrestler
occupation	Simon Newcomb (March 12, 1835 -- July 11, 1909) was a Canadian-American astronomer, applied mathematician and autodidactic polymath, who was Professor of Mathematics in the U.S. Navy and at Johns Hopkins.	Simon Newcomb	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Haris Jauhari is an Indonesian journalist, born in Jakarta, May 1, 1960.	Haris Jauhari	journalist
occupation	Mino del Reame, also known as Mino dal Reame, was a 15th-century Italian (Neapolitan) renaissance sculptor.	Mino del Reame	sculptor
occupation	Rudolph Frederick Juedeman, known as Rudy Juedeman (May 11, 1908 -- January 20, 2004), was a farmer, businessman, and Republican politician in the U.S. states of Montana and Texas.	Rudy Juedeman	politician
occupation	Dean Jamison is an economist and global health researcher.	Dean Jamison	economist
occupation	Ana Elizabeth Mosquera Gómez (born March 16, 1991) is a Venezuelan model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss International 2010, becoming the sixth woman from her country to capture the Miss International title.	Elizabeth Mosquera	model
occupation	Live shows of Murcof featured guest musicians from varied musical backgrounds, like jazz trumpet player Erik Truffaz, tabla player Talvin Singh, crossover electronica-classical pianist Francesco Tristano and contemporary composer Philippe Petit.	Murcof	composer
occupation	Melody Davidson (born in Coronation, Alberta) was the head coach of the Canadian national women's hockey team.	Melody Davidson	head coach
occupation	Math Bass is an artist currently living and working in Los Angeles, CA.	Math Bass	artist
occupation	Adir Miller (Hebrew: אדיר מילר‎, born 16 June 1974) is an Israeli actor, Screenwriter and comedian.	Adir Miller	actor	comedian
occupation	Jeff Murray (born 7 April 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jeff Murray	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Sir (William) Norman Hillier-Fry (born August 12, 1923) is a British diplomat.	Norman Hillier-Fry	diplomat
occupation	W. G. Curtis was a farmer and politician in the U.S. state of Wyoming in the late 19th century.	W. G. Curtis	politician
occupation	Robert Mushtare is a bowler from Carthage, NY who is recognized by the USBC for having bowled two perfect 900 series.	Robert Mushtare	bowler
occupation	Luigi Amoroso (March 26, 1886 -- October 28, 1965) was an Italian neoclassical economist influenced by Vilfredo Pareto.	Luigi Amoroso	economist
occupation	Olive Thomas (October 20, 1894 -- September 10, 1920) was an American silent film actress and model.	Olive Thomas	model
occupation	Siegfried Mureșan (born September 20, 1981) is a Romanian economist and politician.	Siegfried Mureșan	politician
occupation	Paul Chalfin was an artist and interior designer with an interest in architecture, most known for his work on Villa Vizcaya.	Paul Chalfin	artist
occupation	Joel Asaph Allen (July 19, 1838 -- August 29, 1921) was an American zoologist, mammalogist and ornithologist.	Joel Asaph Allen	zoologist	ornithologist
occupation	Steven Siewert is an Australian photojournalist and art photographer.	Steven Siewert	photojournalist	photographer
occupation	Pavel Suškov (also Pavelas Suškovas, born December 19, 1981) is a Lithuanian former swimmer, who specialized in backstroke events.	Pavel Suškov	swimmer
occupation	Héloïse (/ˈɛloʊ.iːz/ or /ˈhɛloʊ.iːz/; French: (e.lɔ.iz); 1090?/1100--1? -- 16 May 1164) was a French nun, writer, scholar, and abbess, best known for her love affair and correspondence with Peter Abélard.	Héloïse	writer
occupation	Louis Thomas Hardin (May 26, 1916 -- September 8, 1999), better known as Moondog, was an American composer, musician, poet and inventor of several musical instruments.	Moondog	composer	poet
occupation	Sergio García Ramírez (born February 1, 1938) is a Mexican jurist and politician who currently serves as a judge at the Inter-American Court of Human Rights.	Sergio García Ramírez	politician
occupation	Constant Tonegaru (common rendition of Constantin Tonegaru; February 26, 1919--February 10, 1952) was a Romanian avant-garde and Decadent poet, who ended his career as a political prisoner and victim of the communist regime.	Constant Tonegaru	poet
occupation	Kjell Jennstig (born February 17, 1960) is a Swedish musician and composer/songwriter.	Kjell Jennstig	composer
occupation	Manuel Cabré (January 25, 1890 -- February 26, 1984) was a noted Spanish-Venezuelan landscape painter who is remembered as ``the painter of El Ávila'' (Spanish: El pintor de El Ávila).	Manuel Cabré	painter
occupation	Shawn Bosco Fernandes (born January 12, 1982), better known by his stage name Shawn Desman, is a Canadian pop/R&B singer, songwriter, dancer, television personality, and actor of Portuguese descent.	Shawn Desman	singer
occupation	Perez Morton (November 13, 1751 - October 14, 1837) was a lawyer and revolutionary patriot in Boston, Massachusetts.	Perez Morton	lawyer
occupation	Stefanie Marsh is a British journalist, author and a senior features writer at The Times.	Stefanie Marsh	journalist
occupation	Marcellino Pipite is a Vanuatuan politician and former school administration, who was first elected to Parliament in 2004.	Marcellino Pipite	politician
occupation	Puskar Nath Ojha (Nepali: पुष्करनाथ ओझा) is a Nepalese politician.	Puskar Nath Ojha	politician
occupation	Jofre de Foixà (or Jaufre de Foixa) (died c. 1300) was a troubadour from Foixà in the Empordà, the second son of Bernard of Foixà.	Jofre de Foixà	troubadour
occupation	Robert Bernat (born July 3, 1931 Johnstown, PA - died December 3, 1994) was an American composer and the founder, artistic director, and conductorof the River City Brass Band in Pittsburgh, PA.	Robert Bernat	composer
occupation	He also was part of the eponymous band Eric Corton Trio He also shared the stage with Seasick Steve and the Belgian rockband Triggerfinger at the Pinkpop Festival, being humorously announced as ``the most handsome grey man from Holland'', by Triggerfinger singer Ruben Blok.	Eric Corton	singer
occupation	Ray Hood (born in Alabama) is an American country music singer-songwriter.	Ray Hood	singer
occupation	John N. Hagan (August 4, 1873 -- June 4, 1952) was a North Dakota Republican/NPL politician who served as the North Dakota Commissioner of Agriculture and Labor from 1917 to 1921 and from 1937 to 1938.	John N. Hagan	politician
occupation	Tony Pastor (May 28, 1837 -- August 26, 1908) was an American impresario, variety performer and theatre owner who became one of the founding forces behind American vaudeville in the mid- to late-nineteenth century.	Tony Pastor	impresario
occupation	Dorit Rabinyan (Hebrew: דורית רביניאן‎, b. September 25, 1972) is an Israeli writer and screenwriter.	Dorit Rabinyan	writer	screenwriter
occupation	Maud Meyer was a Sierra Leonean Nigerian jazz singer who rose to prominence during the 1950s.	Maud Meyer	singer
occupation	Odia Coates (November 13, 1941 -- May 19, 1991) was an American singer, best known for her high-profile hits with Canadian singer-songwriter Paul Anka.	Odia Coates	singer
occupation	David Patterson Dyer (February 12, 1838 -- April 29, 1924) was a United States federal judge and U.S. Representative from Missouri.	David Patterson Dyer	judge
occupation	James Samuel Gordon is an American author and Harvard-educated psychiatrist, and a world-renowned expert in using mind-body medicine to heal depression, anxiety, and psychological trauma.	James Samuel Gordon	psychiatrist
occupation	George Wallerstein is a United States astronomer who researches the chemical composition of stellar atmospheres.	George Wallerstein	astronomer
occupation	Robert Clayton Brough (born May 29, 1950) is an American climatologist and teacher, best known for his position as a long-time weatherman of ABC 4 in Salt Lake City, which he held for twenty-eight years.	Clayton Brough	climatologist
occupation	Wakas Mir (Urdu: وقاص میر‎), is a Pakistani-born Norwegian radio host best known for his online radio show, Wakas Mir LIVE.	Wakas Mir	radio host
occupation	Eberhard von Stohrer (May 2, 1883 -- March 7, 1953) was a career German diplomat who served during World War I and World War II. The son of an Army General from Würtemberg, he studied at Leipzig University, receiving a Doctor of Law degree.	Eberhard von Stohrer	diplomat
occupation	Jan Randall is a Canadian composer and pianist.	Jan Randall	composer
occupation	Joseph L. Levesque, C.M. (c. 1940- ) is a Catholic priest of the Congregation of the Mission, better known as the Vincentian Fathers.	Joseph L. Levesque	Catholic priest
occupation	Curtis Dickson (born July 18, 1988) was a two-time All-American lacrosse player at University of Delaware from 2007 to 2010, and a current member of the National Lacrosse League's Calgary Roughnecks.	Curtis Dickson	lacrosse player
occupation	Erdzhanik Avetisyan (Russian: Ерджаник Жораевна Аветисян, born December 7, 1969 in Unknown, Azerbaijan SSR) is an Armenian-Russian sport shooter, specializing in the skeet shootings event.	Erdzhanik Avetisyan	sport shooter
occupation	Jamileh Sheykhi (Persian: جمیله شیخی ‎‎, May 19, 1930 -- May 23, 2001) was an actress and mother of actor Atila Pesyani.	Jamileh Sheykhi	actor
occupation	Mat Vairo is an American actor originally from Huntington Beach, California.	Mat Vairo	actor
occupation	Rosaura Revueltas Sánchez (August 6, 1910 -- April 30, 1996) was a Mexican star of screen and stage, and a dancer, author and teacher.	Rosaura Revueltas	author
occupation	Isabel de los Ángeles Ruano (Chiquimula, June 3, 1945) is a Guatemalan writer, poet, journalist and teacher.	Isabel de los Ángeles Ruano	writer	journalist
original network	La Baby Sister is a Colombian telenovela produced by Caracol TV which aired in the United States on the network Telemundo in 2001.	La Baby Sister	Caracol TV
original network	The Jim Henson Hour is a television series that aired on NBC in 1989.	The Jim Henson Hour	NBC
original network	Pistols 'n' Petticoats is an American Western sitcom that ran on CBS during the 1966-1967 television season.	Pistols 'n' Petticoats	CBS
original network	Totally Hoops is a Disney Channel reality series.	Totally Hoops	Disney Channel
original network	The Chaser's War on Everything was an Australian television satirical comedy series broadcast on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) television station ABC1.	The Chaser's War on Everything	ABC1
original network	Up Late with Alec Baldwin was a late-night talk show that aired on MSNBC hosted by Alec Baldwin.	Up Late with Alec Baldwin	MSNBC
original network	True Jackson, VP is an American television sitcom that aired on Nickelodeon from November 8, 2008 to August 20, 2011.	True Jackson, VP	Nickelodeon
original network	Planeta Xuxa was a television program hosted by Xuxa Meneghel, directed by Marlene Mattos and broadcast by Rede Globo between April 5, 1997 to July 28, 2002.	Planeta Xuxa	Rede Globo
original network	Anderson Cooper 360° (commonly shortened to either AC-360 or 360) is an American television news show aired on CNN and hosted by the American journalist Anderson Cooper.	Anderson Cooper 360°	CNN
original network	The Adventures of Oky Doky is an American children's television program that aired on the DuMont Television Network on Thursdays at 7pm ET from November 4, 1948 through May 26, 1949.	The Adventures of Oky Doky	DuMont Television Network
original network	On the Fly is an American reality documentary television series on TLC.	On the Fly	TLC
original network	Dressing for Breakfast is a Channel 4 sitcom which ran between 1995 and 1998 about two women, Louise (Beatie Edney) and Carla (Holly Aird).	Dressing for Breakfast	Channel 4
original network	Bowling Headliners aired on ABC from 1948-1949 and the DuMont Television Network from November 13, 1949 to April 9, 1950.	Bowling Headliners	DuMont Television Network
original network	The New Phil Silvers Show is an American situation comedy starring comedian Phil Silvers which aired thirty episodes on CBS from September 28, 1963, to April 25, 1964, under the sponsorship of General Foods.	The New Phil Silvers Show	CBS
original network	Boys & Girls Music Countdown (Hangul: 소년소녀가요백서; RR: Sonyeon Sonyeo Gayo Baekso) is a South Korean music television program broadcast by Mnet.	Boys & Girls Music Countdown	Mnet
original network	Peppa Pig is a children's television programme broadcasting on Channel 5 and Nick Jr. in the UK, Nickelodeon/Nick Jr. in the USA, ABC 4 Kids and Nick Jr. in Australia and Discovery Kids in Latin America, including Brazil.	Peppa Pig	Channel 5
original network	Stump the Schwab is an American game show that aired on ESPN Classic (originally ESPN2).	Stump the Schwab	ESPN2
original network	The Real Hustle is a British television series created by Objective Productions for BBC Three.	The Real Hustle	BBC Three
original network	The Voice Chile is a Chilean reality talent show that premiered on Canal 13 in 2015.	The Voice Chile	Canal 13
original network	Oi Treis Harites (Greek: Οι Τρεις Χάριτες, The Three Harites) is a Greek comedy series created by Michalis Reppas and Thanasis Papathanasiou which aired on Mega Channel from February 8, 1990 to April 20, 1992.	Oi Treis Harites	Mega Channel
original network	Some Honourable Members is a Canadian political talk show television series which aired on CBC Television from 1973 to 1975.	Some Honourable Members	CBC Television
original network	Small & Frye is a comedy/detective television series that was produced by The Walt Disney Company and broadcast on CBS in 1983.	Small & Frye	CBS
original network	Mind, Body & Kick Ass Moves is a television programme broadcast on BBC Three.	Mind, Body & Kick Ass Moves	BBC Three
original network	This Is Your Life is an American Reality documentary series broadcast on NBC radio 1948 to 1952, and on NBC television 1952 to 1961.	This Is Your Life	NBC
original network	The Poof Point is a Disney Channel Original Movie, based on the children's novel ``The Poof Point'' by Ellen Weiss, M. Friedman.	The Poof Point	Disney Channel
original network	Stars Earn Stripes was a reality television program that premiered on NBC on August 13, 2012.	Stars Earn Stripes	NBC
original network	Bebê a Bordo (Baby on Board in English) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast on Rede Globo at a timeslot of 7:00pm, from June 13, 1988 to February 11, 1989, consisting of 209 episodes.	Bebê a Bordo	Rede Globo
original network	This Space for Rent is a Canadian dramedy pilot which aired on CBC Television on January 4, 2006 as a television special.	This Space for Rent	CBC Television
original network	John en Shirley was a sitcom aired weekly on ABS-CBN.	John en Shirley	ABS-CBN
original network	And Everything Nice is an American fashion-theme television program broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network.	And Everything Nice	DuMont Television Network
original network	Capital Gang was a weekly political talk show on CNN.	Capital Gang	CNN
original network	Kishkashta (Hebrew: קישקשתא) was the main character in one of the first Israeli Educational Television shows, Ma Pit'om (מה פתאום; ``What on earth?'' or ``No way!''), written by, among other screenwriters, Tamar Adar.	Kishkashta	Israeli Educational Television
original network	Report to Murphy is an American situation comedy television series starring Michael Keaton that premiered on CBS on April 5, 1982.	Report to Murphy	CBS
original network	Tu Mere Agal Bagal Hai is a fictional comedy television series on SAB TV, aired on 7 July 2014 and ended 26 September 2014.	Tu Mere Agal Bagal Hai	SAB TV
original network	Veckans nyheter is a Swedish satirical news and sketch comedy television program that aired on Kanal 5 for two seasons in 2006.	Veckans nyheter	Kanal 5
original network	In the episode of Tom Green Live before the first episode of Poolside Chats, Tom Green (out of frustration with a repeatedly failing phone system) smashed the thousand-dollar Pepper Pad portable computer supplied by ManiaTV!.	Poolside Chats	ManiaTV
original network	Harvest of Shame was a 1960 television documentary presented by broadcast journalist Edward R. Murrow on CBS that showed the plight of American migrant agricultural workers.	Harvest of Shame	CBS
original network	Gokada Go! is the former teen-oriented comedy program of ABS-CBN, starting on June 2, replacing Let's Go!	Gokada Go!	ABS-CBN
original network	A Place of Our Own is a daily program about child care that airs on PBS, produced in Los Angeles by KCET.	A Place of Our Own	PBS
original network	El amor las vuelve locas (Love makes them crazy) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was broadcast by Venevisión in 2005.	El amor las vuelve locas	Venevisión
original network	Recht op Recht is a Belgian television series produced by the Flemish channel Eén.	Recht op Recht	Eén
original network	Comedy Cuts is a comedy programme on the British TV channel ITV2 that aims to provide an opportunity for new comedy performers to present their talents.	Comedy Cuts	ITV2
original network	Wojeck is a Canadian dramatic television series, which aired on CBC Television from 1966 to 1968.	Wojeck	CBC Television
original network	Sin City Diaries is an American erotic series featured on Cinemax during their ``After Dark'' schedule.	Sin City Diaries	Cinemax
original network	Go Go Stop is an Australian children's game show, airing on the Seven Network, and fronted by former--and since correspondent of Seven Network --	Go Go Stop	Seven Network
original network	How to Be Indie is a Canadian television show that has aired on YTV.	How to Be Indie	YTV
original network	It's Always Jan is an American situation comedy starring Janis Paige, which aired on CBS in the 1955-1956 season.	It's Always Jan	CBS
original network	Baseball Tonight is a program that airs on ESPN.	Baseball Tonight	ESPN
original network	Seismic Seconds is a documentary television series that aired in the late 1990s on the National Geographic Channel.	Seismic Seconds	National Geographic Channel
original network	5 News is the news programme of British broadcaster Channel 5 produced by ITN from Channel 5's former parent company Northern & Shell's head office on Lower Thames Street in the City of London.	5 News	Channel 5
original network	Father of the Pride is an American animated television series that began broadcasting on NBC on August 31, 2004 and was part of a short-lived trend of CGI series in prime-time network TV (after Game Over).	Father of the Pride	NBC
original network	Love on a Saturday Night was a London Weekend Television produced game show that aired on ITV between 7 February and 22 May 2004.	Love on a Saturday Night	ITV
original network	The Governor & J.J. is a television series that ran from September 1969 to January 1971 on CBS in the United States and in Canada, where it ran on CBC Television.	The Governor & J.J.	CBS
original network	Penn & Teller's Sin City Spectacular was a weekly American television variety show hosted by Penn and Teller that appeared on the FX Networks from August 10, 1998 - June 30, 1999.	Penn & Teller's Sin City Spectacular	FX
parent taxon	Minipenetretus quadraticollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Minipenetretus.	Minipenetretus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Van Gelder's bat (Bauerus dubiaquercus) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Van Gelder's bat	Bauerus
parent taxon	The Choco tyrannulet (Zimmerius albigularis) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family, the tyrant flycatchers.	Choco tyrannulet	Zimmerius
parent taxon	The Mentawi flying squirrel (Iomys sipora) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Mentawi flying squirrel	Iomys
parent taxon	Pycnocoma is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1849.	Pycnocoma	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The Lobatse hinge-back tortoise (Kinixys lobatsiana) is a species of turtle in the Testudinidae family.	Lobatse hinge-back tortoise	Kinixys
parent taxon	Alniphyllum is a genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Styracaceae, native to eastern Asia, from central China south to India and Vietnam.	Alniphyllum	Styracaceae
parent taxon	The African reed warbler or African marsh warbler (Acrocephalus baeticatus) is an Old World warbler in the genus Acrocephalus.	African reed warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	Mirza's eastern moss rat (Mirzamys norahae) is a species of rodent endemic to New Guinea.	Mirza's eastern moss rat	Mirzamys
parent taxon	Macleaniella is a genus of deep-sea limpets in the family Cocculinidae.	Macleaniella	Cocculinidae
parent taxon	The Nacophorini are one of the smaller tribes of geometer moths in the subfamily Ennominae.	Nacophorini	Ennominae
parent taxon	The Anisophylleaceae are a small family with four genera, in the order Cucurbitales, according to the APG II. However, it is more isolated from the other suprafamilal clades in this order, while it shows some similarities in flower morphology with the genus Ceratopetalum (family Cunoniaceae, order Oxalidales).	Anisophylleaceae	Cucurbitales
parent taxon	The Mishana tyrannulet (Zimmerius villarejoi) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Mishana tyrannulet	Zimmerius
parent taxon	The Golan Heights blind mole-rat (Spalax golani) is a rodent species in the family Spalacidae.	Golan Heights blind mole-rat	Spalax
parent taxon	Desmanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the subfamily Mimosoideae of the pea family, Fabaceae.	Desmanthus	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Kızılırmak toothcarp or Sultan Sazlığı toothcarp (Aphanius danfordii) is a species of killifish belonging to the family Cyprinodontidae.	Kızılırmak toothcarp	Aphanius
parent taxon	Trioceros melleri, with the common names Meller's chameleon and giant one-horned chameleon, is the largest species of chameleon from the African mainland (i.e. the largest of the chameleons not native to Madagascar).	Meller's chameleon	Trioceros
parent taxon	The Australian anchovy, Engraulis australis, is an anchovy of the family Engraulidae, found off south-east Australia, and around New Zealand.	Australian anchovy	Engraulis
parent taxon	Unknown to her at the time, Carpenter (1996) had revised the Polycotylidae and separated Dolichorhynchops from Trinacromerum, raising the question as to whether or not the specimens represented a separate species or just larger individuals of D. osborni.	Dolichorhynchops	Polycotylidae
parent taxon	Wielandieae is a tribe of the family Phyllanthaceae.	Wielandieae	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Aristea is a genus of evergreen, perennial and rhizomatous species of flowering plants in the iris family (Iridaceae), first described in 1789.	Aristea	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Caecilia is a genus of amphibians in the family Caeciliidae.	Caecilia	Caeciliidae
parent taxon	The Bourke's parrot (Neopsephotus bourkii, formerly known as Neophema bourkii), also known as the Bourke's parakeet, Bourke or ``Bourkie'', is a small parrot originating in Australia and the only species in its genus Neopsephotus.	Bourke's parrot	Neopsephotus
parent taxon	Metaxidius brunnipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Metaxidius.	Metaxidius	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Zoroasteridae are one of three families of Asteroidea (sea stars) in the order Forcipulatida.	Zoroasteridae	Forcipulatida
parent taxon	Zeugophorinae is a subfamily of beetles within the family Megalopodidae.	Zeugophorinae	Megalopodidae
parent taxon	Anthocarapa is a monotypic genus of tree in the mahogany family Meliaceae.	Anthocarapa	Meliaceae
parent taxon	Zoianillus acutipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Zoianillus.	Zoianillus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Barbarea (winter cress or yellow rocket) is a genus of about 22 species of flowering plants in the family Brassicaceae, native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, with the highest species diversity in southern Europe and southwest Asia.	Barbarea	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	The Aru tree frog (Litoria aruensis) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.	Aru tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Dendroceratida are an order of sponges of the class Demospongiae.	Dendroceratida	Demospongiae
parent taxon	The Arizona cotton rat or Colorado River cotton rat (Sigmodon arizonae) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Arizona cotton rat	Sigmodon
parent taxon	Chytridiomycetes is the major class of the phylum Chytridiomycota, which contains a number of parasitic species.	Chytridiomycetes	Chytridiomycota
parent taxon	The Rüppell's weaver (Ploceus galbula) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.	Rüppell's weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	Duvalioblemus sichuanicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Duvalioblemus.	Duvalioblemus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Ischnoderma is a genus of polypore fungi in the family Fomitopsidaceae.	Ischnoderma	Fomitopsidaceae
parent taxon	Cephise is a Neotropical genus in the family Hesperiidae (Eudaminae).	Cephise	Eudaminae
parent taxon	The Malagasy brush warbler (Nesillas typica), also known as the Madagascar brush-warbler, is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.	Malagasy brush warbler	Nesillas
parent taxon	Patanitretus pakistanensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Patanitretus.	Patanitretus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Cocos flycatcher (Nesotriccus ridgwayi) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family, and the only species in the genus Nesotriccus.	Cocos flycatcher	Nesotriccus
parent taxon	Nairovirus is a genus in the family Bunyaviridae that include viruses with circular, negative-sense single stranded RNA.	Nairovirus	Bunyaviridae
parent taxon	Dynomenidae is a family of crabs in the superfamily Dromioidea mostly found in Madagascar.	Dynomenidae	Dromioidea
parent taxon	Tsaagan was assigned to the Dromaeosauridae.	Tsaagan	Dromaeosauridae
parent taxon	Zinken's tiger (Parantica albata) is a species of nymphalid butterfly, endemic to Indonesia.	Zinken's tiger	Parantica
parent taxon	The Guatemalan helmeted basilisk (Corytophanes percarinatus) is a species of lizard in the family Corytophanidae found in Guatemala and southern Mexico.	Guatemalan helmeted basilisk	Corytophanes
parent taxon	Goldman's diminutive woodrat (Nelsonia goldmani) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Goldman's diminutive woodrat	Nelsonia
parent taxon	Ostracion nasus also known as the Shortnose boxfish is a species of boxfish found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Shortnose boxfish	Ostracion
parent taxon	Graham's gudgeon, Grahamichthys radiata, is a New Zealand sleeper of the family Thalasseleotrididae, the only member of the genus Grahamichthys.	Graham's gudgeon	Grahamichthys
parent taxon	The Rio Grande cooter (Pseudemys gorzugi ) is a species of turtle in the family Emydidae.	Rio Grande cooter	Pseudemys
parent taxon	Scopulini as a family name is an old synonym of the subfamily Sterrhinae (Meyrick, 1892).	Scopulini	Sterrhinae
parent taxon	The Euparagiinae are a small subfamily of rare wasps in the family Vespidae containing the single genus Euparagia.	Euparagia	Vespidae
parent taxon	Keraea is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrialpulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Discidae, the disc snails.	Keraea	Discidae
parent taxon	Bafodeya is a genus of plants in the Chrysobalanaceae family described in 1976.	Bafodeya	Chrysobalanaceae
parent taxon	Agonoriascus lapidicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Agonoriascus.	Agonoriascus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Paleopsilopterus is an extinct genus of giant flightless predatory birds of the subfamily Psilopterinae of the family Phorusrhacidae, or ``terror birds''.	Paleopsilopterus	Phorusrhacidae
parent taxon	Periandra is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae, subfamily Faboideae.	Periandra	Fabaceae
parent taxon	``Candidatus Brocadia anammoxidans'' is a bacterial member of the order Planctomycetes and therefore lacks peptidoglycan in its cell wall, has a compartmentalized cytoplasm.	Brocadia anammoxidans	Candidatus Brocadia
parent taxon	Gasconsoceras is a genus of nautiloid cephalopod belonging to the tarphyceroid family Barrandeoceratidae, known from the Middle Silurian.	Gasconsoceras	Barrandeoceratidae
parent taxon	Thresher sharks are large lamniform sharks of the family Alopiidae found in all temperate and tropical oceans of the world; the family contains four species, all within the genus Alopias.	Thresher shark	Alopiidae
parent taxon	Phylloscartes is a genus of small birds in the Tyrannidae family.	Phylloscartes	Tyrannidae
parent taxon	The Jamaican spindalis (Spindalis nigricephala) is a species of bird formerly in the family Thraupidae.	Jamaican spindalis	Spindalis
parent taxon	Carpinus caroliniana (American hornbeam) is a small hardwood tree in the genus Carpinus.	Carpinus caroliniana	hornbeam
parent taxon	The Tabor tree frog, Hyloscirtus lascinius, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia and Venezuela.	Tabor tree frog	Hyloscirtus
parent taxon	Tenodera is a genus of mantis in the subfamily Mantinae of the family Mantidae which contains several species of praying mantises.	Tenodera	Mantidae
parent taxon	The Chilean angelshark (Squatina armata) is an angel shark of the family Squatinidae found in the subtropical waters of Chile, that grows up to 1.03 metres (3 ft 5 in) in length.	Chilean angelshark	Squatina
parent taxon	The Striped bystranka, Alburnoides taeniatus, is a fish species of Cyprinidae family.	Striped bystranka	Alburnoides
parent taxon	Callionymus australis, the Australian stinkfish, is a species of dragonet only found in the Indian Ocean off of northwestern Australia.	Australian stinkfish	Callionymus
parent taxon	The Western Atlantic finless eel (Apterichtus kendalli, also known as the Finless eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Western Atlantic finless eel	Apterichtus
parent taxon	Spondyliaspidinae is a bug subfamily in the family Aphalaridae.	Spondyliaspidinae	Aphalaridae
parent taxon	The Rachicerinae are a small subfamily of flies belonging to the family Xylophagidae.	Rachicerinae	Xylophagidae
parent taxon	Tainoceratidae forms the larger of the two branches of the superfamily Tainocerataceae derived from the earlier family Rutoceratidae around the end of the Devonian or early in the Mississippian (Lower Carboniferous).	Tainoceratidae	Tainocerataceae
parent taxon	Vagrantini is a tribe of butterflies in the subfamily Heliconiinae found from east Africa over the Indian subcontinent to eastern Asia and Australia.	Vagrantini	Heliconiinae
parent taxon	Caledothele is a spider genus in the funnel-web spiders of family Dipluridae found in Australia.	Caledothele	Dipluridae
parent taxon	The Pacific sand sole, Psettichthys melanostictus, is the only fish in the genus Psettichthys of the Pleuronectidae family.	Pacific sand sole	Psettichthys
parent taxon	Triplarina is a genus of 7 species of shrubs in the family Myrtaceae.	Triplarina	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	The Príncipe white-eye (Zosterops ficedulinus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Príncipe white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	The Canada goose (Branta canadensis) is a large wild goose species with a black head and neck, white patches on the face, and a brown body.	Canada goose	Branta
parent taxon	Bridouxia is a genus of small tropical freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.	Bridouxia	Paludomidae
parent taxon	The Cameroon forest tree frog, Leptopelis brevirostris, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and Nigeria, and possibly the Central African Republic, and the Republic of the Congo.	Cameroon forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	Rhytidochrotinae is a subfamily of grasshoppers from the family Acrididae with 20 genera and 47 species.	Rhytidochrotinae	Acrididae
parent taxon	The Gulf crayfish snake (Regina rigida sinicola) is a subspecies of nonvenomous snake endemic to the southeastern United States.	Gulf crayfish snake	Regina rigida
parent taxon	Omura's whale or the dwarf fin whale (Balaenoptera omurai) is a species of rorqual about which very little is known.	Omura's whale	Balaenoptera
parent taxon	Blackfin barracuda (Sphyraena genie) is a species of barracuda found in parts of Indo-Pacific and Western Pacific.	Blackfin barracuda	Sphyraena
parent taxon	Chapman's zebra (Equus quagga chapmani) is a subspecies of the plains zebra.	Chapman's zebra	plains zebra
parent taxon	The Malabar trogon (Harpactes fasciatus) is a species of bird in the trogon family.	Malabar trogon	Harpactes
parent taxon	Arthropteris is a small genus of ferns in family Tectariaceae, native to Australia, Europe, Asia and Africa, and previously placed in the families Oleandraceae or Davalliaceae.	Arthropteris	Tectariaceae
parent taxon	Camptidius ophthalmicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Camptidius.	Camptidius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Fangalabola (Deborrea malgassa) is a species of bagworm native to Madagascar.	Fangalabola	Deborrea
parent taxon	Katepensaurus was assigned to Limaysaurinae, a subfamily of rebbachisaurid diplodocoid, based on the presence of traits that were found to diagnose limaysaurines in previous phylogenetic analyses.	Katepensaurus	Limaysaurinae
parent taxon	Lonchoptera, a genus of spear-winged flies (Lonchopteridae), are tiny to small (2-5mm), slender, yellow to brownish-black bristly Diptera.	Lonchoptera	Lonchopteridae
parent taxon	Grammicosum flavofasciatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Grammicosum.	Grammicosum	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005 categorizes Latouchella in the family Coreospiridae in the superfamilia Scenelloidea within the Paleozoic molluscs of uncertain systematic position.	Latouchella	Coreospiridae
parent taxon	The Torridincolidae are a small family of beetles in the suborder Myxophaga.	Torridincolidae	Myxophaga
parent taxon	Moriodema mcoyei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Moriodema.	Moriodema	Carabidae
parent taxon	Aterigena is genus of spiders in the family Agelenidae.	Aterigena	Agelenidae
parent taxon	Père David's mole (Talpa davidiana) is a mole found only in Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Père David's mole	Talpa
parent taxon	The Apogoninae are the most species-rich and, of its shape, size, color and habitat, most diverse subfamily of cardinal fish (Apogonidae).	Apogoninae	Apogonidae
parent taxon	The Hesperiini are a tribe in the Hesperiinae subfamily of skipper butterflies.	Hesperiini	Hesperiinae
parent taxon	The Philippine cuckoo-dove (Macropygia tenuirostris) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Philippine cuckoo-dove	Macropygia
parent taxon	The Eurasian nuthatch or wood nuthatch (Sitta europaea) is a small passerine bird found throughout temperate Asia and in Europe, where its name is the nuthatch.	Eurasian nuthatch	Sitta
parent taxon	Saicinae is a subfamily of the family Reduviidae, or the assassin bugs.	Saicinae	Reduviidae
parent taxon	Antennommata costata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Antennommata.	Antennommata	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Palaeontinidae are currently classified under the extinct superfamily Palaeontinoidea along with the families Dunstaniidae and Mesogereonidae.	Palaeontinidae	Palaeontinoidea
parent taxon	Styxosaurus is a genus of plesiosaur of the family Elasmosauridae.	Styxosaurus	Elasmosauridae
parent taxon	The order Pinales in the division Pinophyta, class Pinopsida, comprises all the extant conifers.	Pinales	Pinopsida
parent taxon	Alexandromys is a subgenus of voles in the genus Microtus.	Alexandromys	Microtus
parent taxon	The Asian golden cat (Catopuma temminckii, syn. Pardofelis temminckii), also called the Asiatic golden cat and Temminck's cat, is a medium-sized wild cat of Southeastern Asia.	Asian golden cat	Catopuma	Pardofelis
parent taxon	Nectandra is a genus of plant in the family Lauraceae found in South America, and having fruit with various medical effects.	Nectandra	Lauraceae
parent taxon	The Sunda cuckoo or Sunda lesser cuckoo (Cuculus lepidus) is a South-east Asian bird belonging to the genus Cuculus in the cuckoo family, Cuculidae.	Sunda cuckoo	Cuculus
parent taxon	Pseudorbilia is a genus of fungi in the family Orbiliaceae consisting only of the species Pseudorbilia bipolaris.	Pseudorbilia	Orbiliaceae
parent taxon	The Andean gull (Chroicocephalus serranus) is a species of gull in the Laridae family.	Andean gull	Chroicocephalus
parent taxon	Propionivibrio is a genus of gram-negative, chemo-organo-trophic, non-spore-forming bacteria from the family of Rhodocyclaceae which belongs to the class of Betaproteobacteria.	Propionivibrio	Rhodocyclaceae
parent taxon	Thinocorus is a genus of seedsnipe, a South American family of small gregarious waders which have adapted to a vegetarian diet.	Thinocorus	seedsnipe
parent taxon	The Gambel's quail (Callipepla gambelii) is a small ground-dwelling bird in the New World quail family.	Gambel's quail	Callipepla
parent taxon	The Sanje mangabey (Cercocebus sanjei) is a highly endangered Old World monkey of the white-eyelid mangabey group from Tanzania.	Sanje mangabey	Cercocebus
parent taxon	Khunnuchelys is a turtle that is grouped within Trionychinae, a subfamily of Trionychidae.	Khunnuchelys	Trionychinae
parent taxon	Pselaphinae are a subfamily of beetles in the family Staphylinidae, the rove beetles.	Pselaphinae	Staphylinidae
parent taxon	The Caucasian pygmy shrew or Ukrainian shrew (Sorex volnuchini) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Caucasian pygmy shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	Nelson's pocket mouse (Chaetodipus nelsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	Nelson's pocket mouse	Chaetodipus
parent taxon	The European pond turtle (Emys orbicularis), also called the European pond terrapin, is a long-living freshwater species of turtle.	European pond turtle	Emys
parent taxon	Tenebrioninae are a large subfamily of the darkling beetles (Tenebrionidae), containing, among others, the flour beetles.	Tenebrioninae	Tenebrionidae
parent taxon	Rhabdoherpia is a genus of solenogaster of uncertain relationship within the order Sterrofustia.	Rhabdoherpia	Sterrofustia
parent taxon	Stirton's deer mouse (Peromyscus stirtoni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Stirton's deer mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	The Supachai's caecilian, Ichthyophis supachaii, is a species of caecilian in the family Ichthyophiidae found in Thailand's provinces of Nakhon Si Thammarat and Trang, and possibly Malaysia.	Supachai's caecilian	Ichthyophis
parent taxon	Chalcolestes is a small genus of damselfly in the family Lestidae.	Chalcolestes	Lestidae
parent taxon	The Mauritian turtle dove (Nesoenas cicur) is an extinct species of the pigeon genus Nesoenas which was endemic to Mauritius.	Mauritian turtle dove	Nesoenas
parent taxon	Parapantonyssus ipiri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Parapantonyssus.	Parapantonyssus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Hotea is a genus of shield-backed bugs belonging to the family Scutelleridae.	Hotea	Scutelleridae
parent taxon	Pterocarya, often called wingnuts in English, are trees in the walnut family Juglandaceae.	Pterocarya	Juglandaceae
parent taxon	Calocedrus (common name incense cedar, alternatively spelled incense-cedar) is a genus of coniferous trees in the cypress family Cupressaceae first described as a genus in 1873.	Calocedrus	Cupressaceae
parent taxon	The Rondônia bushbird (Clytoctantes atrogularis) is a bird species in the family Thamnophilidae.	Rondônia bushbird	Clytoctantes
parent taxon	Edwards's pheasant (Lophura edwardsi) is a bird of the pheasant family Phasianidae and is endemic to the rainforests of Vietnam.	Edwards's pheasant	Lophura
parent taxon	Acochlidiidae was classified as the only family within the superfamily Acochlidioidea Küthe, 1935 in the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005).	Acochlidiidae	Acochlidioidea
parent taxon	The New Zealand lanternshark, Etmopterus baxteri, is a shark of the family Etmopteridae in the order Squaliformes.	New Zealand lanternshark	Etmopterus
parent taxon	Bullata is a genus of small to large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Bullata	Marginellidae
parent taxon	The Cuatro Cienegas shiner (Cyprinella xanthicara) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Cuatro Cienegas shiner	Cyprinella
parent taxon	The Madrean alligator lizard (Elgaria kingii ) is a species of anguid lizard endemic to the southwestern United States and adjacent northwestern Mexico.	Madrean alligator lizard	Elgaria
parent taxon	The American black swift or more simply black swift (Cypseloides niger) is a name given to birds that are found from northern British Columbia in Canada through the United States and Mexico to Costa Rica and Brazil.	American black swift	Cypseloides
parent taxon	The Ocellated turbot, Pleuronichthys ocellatus, is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Ocellated turbot	Pleuronichthys
parent taxon	Osteophorus is an extinct genus of eryopoidean euskelian temnospondyl within the family Eryopidae.	Osteophorus	Eryopidae
parent taxon	The Haloritidae is a family of subglobular, involute, Triassic ammonoids belonging to the ceratitid superfamily Tropitaceae.	Haloritidae	Tropitaceae
parent taxon	The Catabena Moth (Neogalea sunia) is a moth of the family Noctuidae, and the only species in the Neogalea genus.	Neogalea	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Opeas is a genus of small, tropical, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.	Opeas	Subulinidae
parent taxon	The Turkestanian salamander (Hynobius turkestanicus) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family once found in Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan.	Turkestanian salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	The tribe Euglossini, in the subfamily Apinae, commonly known as orchid bees or Euglossine bees, are the only group of corbiculate bees whose non-parasitic members do not all possess eusocial behavior.	Euglossini	Apinae
parent taxon	Assiminea is a genus of minute, salt-tolerant snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks, or micromollusks, in the family Assimineidae.	Assiminea	Assimineidae
parent taxon	Fraxinus cuspidata (fragrant ash) is a tree native to northern Mexico and the southwestern United States.	Fraxinus cuspidata	ash
parent taxon	Notochoerus is an extinct genus of very large pig-like animals from the subfamily Tetraconodontinae.	Notochoerus	Tetraconodontinae
parent taxon	The Mississippi kite (Ictinia mississippiensis) is a small bird of prey in the family Accipitridae.	Mississippi kite	Ictinia
parent taxon	Heteropurpura is an extinct genus of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.	Heteropurpura	Muricidae
parent taxon	Adinolepsis is a genus of beetles in the family Cupedidae containing four species, all endemic to Australia.	Adinolepsis	Cupedidae
parent taxon	Nasua is a genus within the family Procyonidae, whose best-known members are raccoons.	Nasua	Procyonidae
parent taxon	Ceropsora is a genus of rust fungus in the family Coleosporiaceae.	Ceropsora	Coleosporiaceae
parent taxon	In his authoritative 1986 classification of the Agaricales, Rolf Singer divided the Agaricaceae into four tribes distinguished largely by spore color:	Agaricaceae	Agaricales
parent taxon	The Indochinese hog deer or Thai hog deer (Hyelaphus annamiticus) is a species of hog deer native to Cambodia, Laos, People's Republic of China and Vietnam.	Indochinese hog deer	Hyelaphus
parent taxon	The Réunion seahorse (Hippocampus borboniensis) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family.	Réunion seahorse	Hippocampus
parent taxon	Shunosaurus was originally classified as a member of the Cetiosaurinae; in 1992 Dong assigned it to Shunosaurinae within the Cetiosauridae.	Shunosaurus	Cetiosauridae
parent taxon	Rhodocharis anacoloides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Rhodocharis.	Rhodocharis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Cambarellus is a genus of small freshwater crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Cambarellus	Cambaridae
parent taxon	The African marsh rat or common dasymys (Dasymys incomtus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	African marsh rat	Dasymys
parent taxon	The Japanese flying squid, Japanese common squid or Pacific flying squid, scientific name Todarodes pacificus, is a squid of the family Ommastrephidae.	Japanese flying squid	Todarodes
parent taxon	The Tasmanian pademelon (Thylogale billardierii), also known as the rufous-bellied pademelon or red-bellied pademelon, is the sole endemic species of pademelon, marsupials found in Tasmania, and formerly throughout south-eastern Australia.	Tasmanian pademelon	Thylogale
parent taxon	The New Zealand grayling, Prototroctes oxyrhynchus, is an extinct smelt of the genus Prototroctes, which was found only in lowland rivers and streams of New Zealand.	New Zealand grayling	Prototroctes
parent taxon	The genus Mitrephora, of family Annonaceae, comprises around 40 species of small trees and shrubs found in tropical Asia and northern Australasia.	Mitrephora	Annonaceae
parent taxon	Frommeella (Frommeëlla) is a genus of rust fungi in the family Phragmidiaceae.	Frommeella	Phragmidiaceae
parent taxon	Dongmolla is a harvestman genus in the family Assamiidae, with only 1 described species - Dongmolla silvestrii.	Dongmolla	Assamiidae
parent taxon	Certhioidea is a superfamily belonging to the infraorder Passerida containing wrens and their allies.	Certhioidea	Passerida
parent taxon	Nolthenius's long-tailed climbing mouse (Vandeleuria nolthenii), also known as Sri Lanka highland tree mouse, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Nolthenius's long-tailed climbing mouse	Vandeleuria
parent taxon	The Eurasian skylark (Alauda arvensis) is a small passerine bird species.	Eurasian skylark	Alauda
parent taxon	The Raycraft Ranch killifish or Raycraft poolfish, Empetrichthys latos concavus, was first described in 1948.	Raycraft Ranch killifish	Empetrichthys latos
parent taxon	The Georgia pigtoe (Pleurobema hanleyianum) is a rare species of freshwater mussel in the Unionidae family.	Georgia pigtoe	Pleurobema
parent taxon	Iridoideae subfamily is one of the two main subfamilies in the popular Iridaceae family.	Iridoideae	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Although the phylogenetic position of Brasilotitan is difficult to establish, the new species is neither basal nor a derived member of Titanosauria and, based on the lower jaw morphology, appears to be closely related to Antarctosaurus and Bonitasaura.	Brasilotitan	Titanosauria
parent taxon	Arnot's chat (Myrmecocichla arnotti), also called the white-headed black-chat, is a species of bird in the chat and flycatcher family Muscicapidae.	Arnot's chat	Myrmecocichla
parent taxon	In the APG III system, adopted here, Hesperocallis is placed in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Agavoideae, since recent molecular systematic studies (Pires et al. 2004) have confirmed a close relationship with Agave.	Hesperocallis	Agavoideae
parent taxon	Phyllocrania is a genus of mantis in the family Hymenopodidae, containing three species, Phyllocrania illudens, Phyllocrania insignis, Phyllocrania paradoxa.	Phyllocrania	Hymenopodidae
parent taxon	The Warner sucker (Catostomus warnerensis) is a rare species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the family Catostomidae.	Warner sucker	Catostomus
parent taxon	The Oku mouse shrew (Myosorex okuensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae endemic to Cameroon.	Oku mouse shrew	Myosorex
parent taxon	Mehelya capensis, commonly known as the Cape file snake, is a species of large, non-venomous snake endemic to Africa, belonging to the family Colubridae.	Cape file snake	Colubridae
parent taxon	The Sulawesi montane rat (Taeromys hamatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Sulawesi montane rat	Taeromys
parent taxon	Ferdinandusa is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae, native to the American tropics.	Ferdinandusa	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Diapterus is a genus of fish in the family Gerreidae, the mojarras.	Diapterus	Gerreidae
parent taxon	Corsyra fusula is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Corsyra.	Corsyra	Carabidae
parent taxon	Psychrobacter is a genus of Gram-negative, osmotolerant, oxidase-positive, psychrophilic or psychrotolerant, aerobic bacteria which belong to the family of Moraxellaceae and the class of Gammaproteobacteria.	Psychrobacter	Moraxellaceae
parent taxon	In 1951, Bertelsen moved C. spinulosa into its own family, Centrophrynidae, but retained ``Centrophryne gladisfenae'' in the Oneirodidae under a new genus, Spiniphryne.	Spiniphryne	Oneirodidae
parent taxon	Tridenchthoniidae is a family of pseudoscorpions within the superfamily Chthonioidea.	Tridenchthoniidae	Chthonioidea
parent taxon	Actinobacteridae is a subclass of bacteria, in the class of Actinobacteria.	Actinobacteridae	Actinobacteria
parent taxon	Endodontidae is a taxonomic family of very small air-breathing land snails and slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea.	Endodontidae	Punctoidea
parent taxon	Vegrandinia is a genus of medium-sized air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropods in the family Subulinidae.	Vegrandinia	Subulinidae
parent taxon	Band cusk-eel (Ophidion holbrookii) is a fish species in the family Ophidiidae.	Band cusk-eel	Ophidion
parent taxon	Ziapelta was placed in the Ankylosauridae, as possibly closely related to Scolosaurus from Canada, being its sister species in several of the evolutionary trees rendered by the cladistic analysis that was part of the describing paper.	Ziapelta	Ankylosauridae
parent taxon	The Andean white-eared opossum (Didelphis pernigra) is an opossum species from South America.	Andean white-eared opossum	Didelphis
parent taxon	Stylemys (meaning ``pillar turtle'') is the first fossil genus of dry land tortoise belonging to the order Testudines discovered in the United States.	Stylemys	tortoise
parent taxon	Ceriporia is a widely distributed genus of crust fungi in the family Phanerochaetaceae.	Ceriporia	Phanerochaetaceae
parent taxon	Bustylus is an extinct genus of eutherians in the family Adapisoriculidae.	Bustylus	Adapisoriculidae
parent taxon	Victorella is a genus of bryozoans in the family Victorellidae.	Victorella	Victorellidae
parent taxon	The Somali wild ass (Equus africanus somaliensis) is a subspecies of the African wild ass.	Somali wild ass	African wild ass
parent taxon	Mouse-tailed bats are a group of insectivorous bats of the family Rhinopomatidae with only three to six species, all contained in the single genus Rhinopoma.	Mouse-tailed bat	Rhinopomatidae
parent taxon	Tamarixia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae, containing the following species:	Tamarixia	Eulophidae
parent taxon	Clinoceratidae is an extinct family of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod of the order Orthocerida that lived in what would be North America and Europe during the middle Ordovician through early Silurian from 466--443.7 mya, existing for approximately 22.3 million years.	Clinoceratidae	Orthocerida
parent taxon	Guitonia troglophila is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Guitonia.	Guitonia	Xanthidae
parent taxon	The Brazilian gracile opossum (Gracilinanus microtarsus) is a species of small opossum from Brazil.	Brazilian gracile opossum	Gracilinanus
parent taxon	Scopoli's shearwater (Calonectris diomedea) is a bird in the Procellariidae family formerly considered conspecific with Cory's shearwater (Calonectris borealis).	Scopoli's shearwater	Calonectris
parent taxon	Mauritius upland forest day gecko (Phelsuma guimbeaui rosagularis Vinson & Vinson, 1969) is a diurnal subspecies of geckos.	Mauritius upland forest day gecko	Phelsuma guimbeaui
parent taxon	The family Physaliidae is monotypic, consisting of only one genus, Physalia.	Physalia	Physaliidae
parent taxon	LaVal's disk-winged bat (Thyroptera lavali) is a species of bat in the family Thyropteridae.	LaVal's disk-winged bat	Thyropteridae
parent taxon	Incilius marmoreus (formerly Bufo marmoreus, common name Wiegmann's toad or marbled toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Incilius marmoreus	Bufo
parent taxon	Grasshoppers are insects of the order Orthoptera, suborder Caelifera.	Grasshopper	Orthoptera
parent taxon	Gardiner's burrowing skink (Pamelaescincus gardineri ) is the only species (monotypic) of the skink genus Pamelaescincus.	Gardiner's burrowing skink	Pamelaescincus
parent taxon	Centroonoceras is a middle Ordovician cyrtoconic nautiloid cephalopod, otherwise similar to the orthoconic Sactorthoceras and also included in the Sactorthoceratidae.	Centroonoceras	Sactorthoceratidae
parent taxon	Psychopsidae is a family of winged insects of the order Neuroptera.	Psychopsidae	Neuroptera
participant of	Alfred Sageder (born September 29, 1933) is an Austrian rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Alfred Sageder	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sam Bellah (Samuel Harrison Bellah; June 24, 1887 -- January 9, 1963) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Sam Bellah	1908 Summer Olympics	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kirka represented Finland in Eurovision Song Contest 1984, finishing a strong ninth with the song Hengaillaan.	Kirka	Eurovision Song Contest 1984
participant of	Anthresh Lalit Lakra (born October 22, 1983) is an Indian boxer who fought at the 2008 Summer Olympics as a featherweight.	Anthresh Lalit Lakra	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Johannes Robert Jensen (February 2, 1916 -- August 2, 1984) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Johannes Robert Jensen	1936 Summer Olympics	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Albert Oganezov (Russian: Альберт Оганезов, February 10, 1949 -- December 29, 2002) was a Russian handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Albert Oganezov	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Prior to the 2002 FIFA World Cup, Ronaldo had barely played since rupturing the cruciate ligament in his right knee in April 2000, and he missed Brazil's entire qualification campaign where, in his absence, the team had not been impressive.	Ronaldo	2002 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Agnaldo Nunes Magalhães (born March 7, 1976 in Piracicaba, São Paulo) is a Brazilian boxer, who represented his native country twice in the lightweight division at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.	Agnaldo Nunes	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Laurent Daignault (born October 30, 1968) is a Canadian short track speed skater who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Laurent Daignault	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Stefano Donagrandi (born September 1, 1976 in Bormio) is an ice speed skater from Italy, who won the gold medal in the Team Pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Stefano Donagrandi	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Otto Cimrman (born 1 May 1925) is a Czech former ice hockey player who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics.	Otto Cimrman	1956 Winter Olympics
participant of	Travis Nederpelt (born 10 June 1985) is an Australian competition swimmer from Western Australia and butterfly specialist who represented his country at the 2004 Summer Olympics at Athens and in 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Travis Nederpelt	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pablo Squella Serrano (born August 14, 1963) is a retired middle distance runner from Chile, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Pablo Squella	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sixten Isberg (February 8, 1921 -- June 10, 2012) was a Swedish alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics and in the 1952 Winter Olympics.	Sixten Isberg	1948 Winter Olympics	1952 Winter Olympics
participant of	Gérard Gropaiz (1 August 1943 -- 6 October 2012) was a French swimmer who competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Gérard Gropaiz	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Moon Sung-min (문성민, born September 14, 1986) is a volleyball player from South Korea who has played as for the men's national team since 2006 Asian Games.	Moon Sung-min	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Paulus af Uhr (January 25, 1892 -- April 28, 1972) was a Swedish officer and athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Paulus af Uhr	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Svetlana Saenko is a Ukrainian born wrestler who represented Moldova at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Svetlana Saenko	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zdeňka Veřmiřovská (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzdɛɲka ˈvɛr̝mɪr̝ofskaː)) (June 27, 1913, Kopřivnice, Moravia -- May 13, 1997) was a Czechoslovak/Czech gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Zdeňka Veřmiřovská	1936 Summer Olympics	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shi Feng (born 1988-11-06 in Liaoyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Shi Feng	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Philippe Vorbe (born September 14, 1947) is a former Haitian football player who was considered as the country's ultimate midfielder who played for the Haiti national football team in the 1974 FIFA World Cup in Germany.	Philippe Vorbe	1974 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Manuel Andrada (January 9, 1890 -- 1962) was an Argentine nine-goal polo player who won the gold medal in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Manuel Andrada	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jan van der Sluis (April 29, 1889, in Rotterdam -- October 19, 1952, in Rotterdam) was a Dutch amateur football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Jan van der Sluis	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gianni Rocca (13 June 1929 -- 11 August 2013) was an Italian sprinter (400 m) and the Italian flag bearer at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Gianni Rocca	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jimmy Tremeer (Leonard Francis Tremeer; August 1, 1874 -- October 21, 1951) was an Olympic bronze medallist in the men's 400 metres hurdles at the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Jimmy Tremeer	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robert Schurrer (24 March 1890 -- 27 November 1972) was a French sprinter, who competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Robert Schurrer	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Magali Rathier (born 2 December 1974 in Firminy) is a French former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Magali Rathier	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jaqueline Ferreira was 8th at the -75 kg event in the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Jaqueline Ferreira	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mário Xandó de Oliveira Neto known as Xandó (born July 31, 1961) is a Brazilian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Xandó	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Max Westerkamp (October 8, 1912 in Tandjong Pura, Sumatra, Dutch East Indies -- May 6, 1970 in Enschede) was a Dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Max Westerkamp	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chen Yong Gang competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in the F58 shot putt and won gold in the F58 discus at the same games.	Chen Yong Gang	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Hermann Lingnau (born 22 October 1936 in Kassel) is a German former shot putter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Hermann Lingnau	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roland Wille (born 1 August 1961) is a Liechtenstein athlete who competed for his country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Roland Wille	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Amir Kumar (August 10, 1923 -- January 25, 1980) was an Indian field hockey player who won a gold medal at the 1948 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Amir Kumar	1948 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henri Chammartin (30 July 1918 -- 30 May 2011) was a Swiss equestrian who won an individual gold medal in dressage at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.	Henri Chammartin	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paula Mollenhauer (December 22, 1908 -- July 7, 1988) was a German athlete who won the bronze medal in the discus throw event at the 1936 Summer Olympics held in Berlin, Germany.	Paula Mollenhauer	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kitty Chiller (born 2 October 1964) is a former modern pentathlete who represented Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Kitty Chiller	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marie Dorin Habert (born 19 June 1986) is a French biathlete who represented France at the 2010 Winter Olympics.	Marie Dorin Habert	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Lucía Pérez Vizcaíno (Spanish pronunciation: (luθi.a peɾeθ); born 5 July 1985 in O Incio, Lugo, Galicia ) is a Spanish singer who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany with the song ``Que me quiten lo bailao''.	Lucía Pérez	Eurovision Song Contest 2011
participant of	Jay Rand (born March 4, 1950) is an American former ski jumper who competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics.	Jay Rand	1968 Winter Olympics
participant of	Serhiy Timokhov (Ukrainian: Сергій Тімохов; born 9 May 1972) is a Ukrainian Olympics sailor that participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Serhiy Timokhov	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Martina Grunert (born 17 May 1949 in Leipzig) is a retired German swimmer who participated in the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.	Martina Grunert	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gaby Appel (born 17 January 1958 in Viersen) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Gaby Appel	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	William Lofgren (February 14, 1913 -- June 11, 2004) was an American canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	William Lofgren	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jindřich Krepindl (born July 6, 1948) is a Czechoslovak handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Jindřich Krepindl	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juan Fabila Mendoza (born June 5, 1944) is a former Mexican boxer, who a bronze medal in the bantamweight category (-- 54 kg) at the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Juan Fabila Mendoza	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charles Gniette was a Belgian field hockey player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Charles Gniette	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Igor Runov (Russian: Игорь Рунов, 8 February 1963 -- 11 April 2011) was a Russian former volleyball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Igor Runov	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Narcyz Maciaszczyk (born July 19, 1929 in Gniezno - December 22, 1985 in Poznań) was a Polish field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Narcyz Maciaszczyk	1952 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Albert P. Andersson (April 25, 1902, Tryde, Scania -- March 5, 1977) was a Swedish gymnastics who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Albert P. Andersson	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Armand Marcelle (10 October 1905 -- 26 December 1974) was a French rower who won a silver medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics, together with his younger brother Édouard.	Armand Marcelle	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Georgina Geikie (born 6 December 1984) is a British sport shooter who competed for Great Britain in the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Georgina Geikie	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marvin Dixon (born on September 9, 1983) is a member of the Jamaica national bobsleigh team and competed in the 2014 Winter Olympics in the two-man bobsled.	Marvin Dixon	2014 Winter Olympics
performer	Traces of My Lipstick is the third and final studio album by American girl group Xscape released on May 12, 1998, under the So So Def label.	Traces of My Lipstick	Xscape
performer	This Strange Place is a project album featuring members of Celtic rock band Wolfstone.	This Strange Place	Wolfstone
performer	We Rule the Night is the fourth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Sonic Syndicate.	We Rule the Night	Sonic Syndicate
performer	Beat Out! (typeset as BEAT out!) is the third album by Japanese rock/pop band Glay.	Beat Out!	Glay
performer	``Set You Free This Time'' is a song by the American folk rock band The Byrds, written by band member Gene Clark and first released in December 1965 on the group's Turn!	Set You Free This Time	The Byrds
performer	Tomorrow May Not Be Better is the debut album by Swiss singer-songwriter Bastian Baker.	Tomorrow May Not Be Better	Bastian Baker
performer	``¿Quién Me Iba a Decir?'' (English: Who Was Going to Tell Me?), is the first official single released from David Bisbal's album Premonición.	¿Quién Me Iba a Decir?	David Bisbal
performer	As Quatro Estações (English: The Four Seasons) is the fourth studio album by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana.	As Quatro Estações	Legião Urbana
performer	Cut & Move is the second full-length studio album by hard rock band Day of Fire, released on June 6, 2006.	Cut & Move	Day of Fire
performer	Magic Neighbor is the tenth release by musician Lisa Germano.	Magic Neighbor	Lisa Germano
performer	Shake a Lil' Somethin' is the tenth album and seventh studio album released by rap group 2 Live Crew.	Shake a Lil' Somethin'	2 Live Crew
performer	Ain't Complaining is the eighteenth studio album by English rock band Status Quo.	Ain't Complaining	Status Quo
performer	10 H.M. (Short for 10 Hronia Mazi, Greek: 10 Χρόνια Μαζί; English: 10 Years Together) is an album released by Greek singer Despina Vandi starting on December 6, 2007.	10 Hronia Mazi	Despina Vandi
performer	Laura Roslin is a fictional character in the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica series, portrayed by Mary McDonnell.	Laura Roslin	Mary McDonnell
performer	``Hunters of the Night'' is the first single and hit song released by the band Mr. Mister.	Hunters of the Night	Mr. Mister
performer	``Mr. Banker'' is a song by southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.	Mr. Banker	Lynyrd Skynyrd
performer	Oh Me Oh My (full title Oh Me Oh My...The Way the Day Goes By the Sun Is Setting Dogs Are Dreaming Lovesongs of the Christmas Spirit) is the second album by Devendra Banhart.	Oh Me Oh My	Devendra Banhart
performer	``When I'm Up (I Can't Get Down)'' is a song written by English folk rock group Oysterband and later made famous in Canada by Newfoundlander folk rock band Great Big Sea.	When I'm Up (I Can't Get Down)	Great Big Sea
performer	``Juni, juli, augusti'' is a single by Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider, released on September 16, 1996.	Juni, juli, augusti	Gyllene Tider
performer	``True to the Game'' is the final single from Ice Cube's Death Certificate album.	True to the Game	Ice Cube
performer	``I'll Never Love This Way Again'' is a Grammy Award-winning, Gold-certified 1979 hit recorded by American singer Dionne Warwick.	I'll Never Love This Way Again	Dionne Warwick
performer	L'Aventurier (The Adventurer) is the first studio album by French new wave band, Indochine.	L'Aventurier	Indochine
performer	Blues' Blues is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1972 and released on the Mainstream label.	Blues' Blues	Blue Mitchell
performer	Leaves Eclipse the Light is an EP from Portland, OR ambient musician Matthew Cooper, under the name Eluvium, following the release of the ``artistically daring and critically acclaimed'' album Similes.	Leaves Eclipse the Light	Eluvium
performer	Some Kind of Hate is the sixth studio album by American punk rock band Aiden.	Some Kind of Hate	Aiden
performer	``Gett Off'' is the lead single by Prince and The New Power Generation from the 1991 album Diamonds and Pearls.	Gett Off	Prince	The New Power Generation
performer	San Erthi I Mera (Greek: Σαν έρθει η μέρα) is a 2010 pop and hip hop song by the Greek-Cypriot singer Ivi Adamou with the Greek hip hop band Stavento.	San Erthi I Mera	Ivi Adamou	Stavento
performer	The Floor's Too Far Away, released in 2006, is the twelfth studio album by Ozric Tentacles.	The Floor's Too Far Away	Ozric Tentacles
performer	To Travel Sideways is the tenth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts.	To Travel Sideways	Kid Creole and the Coconuts
performer	``Wanted You More'' is a song recorded by American country music trio Lady Antebellum.	Wanted You More	Lady Antebellum
performer	``Through the Eyes of a Child'' is a single from the German band Reamonn.	Through the Eyes of a Child	Reamonn
performer	``Don't Turn Off the Lights'' is a pop song by Enrique Iglesias from his 2001 album, Escape.	Don't Turn Off the Lights	Enrique Iglesias
performer	IFuturelist (stylized as iFUTURELIST and pronounced ``I, futurist'') is the first original album by Japanese game designer Akira Yamaoka, well known for his work on the Silent Hill and Bemani series.	IFuturelist	Akira Yamaoka
performer	Alive in an Ultra World is a live album by Steve Vai, recorded during The Ultra Zone world tour in 2000, and released in 2001.	Alive in an Ultra World	Steve Vai
performer	El Mutakallimun is the sixth album of Souad Massi, the Algerian-born, Paris-based singer-songwriter, released in 2015.	El Mutakallimun	Souad Massi
performer	``Dive into Yourself'' is a single released by High and Mighty Color on July 26, 2006	Dive into Yourself	High and Mighty Color
performer	Stripping Cane is the second solo album from American singer/songwriter Jeffrey Foucault, released in 2004.	Stripping Cane	Jeffrey Foucault
performer	Last City is the debut studio album by the American screamo band Loma Prieta.	Last City	Loma Prieta
performer	Controlling Crowds is the sixth studio album by British trip hop progressive and alternative group Archive.	Controlling Crowds	Archive
performer	Lightning Strikes Again is the tenth studio album by the American heavy metal band Dokken.	Lightning Strikes Again	Dokken
performer	``Heavy in Your Arms'' is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine, taken from the soundtrack to the 2010 film The Twilight Saga:	Heavy in Your Arms	Florence and the Machine
performer	Murray's Revenge is the second collaboration album from California rapper Murs (of Living Legends) and North Carolina producer 9th Wonder (formerly of Little Brother).	Murray's Revenge	Murs
performer	Elephunk is the third studio album by American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas.	Elephunk	The Black Eyed Peas
performer	Rhymes in Rooms is the second live album by Al Stewart, released in 1992.	Rhymes in Rooms	Al Stewart
performer	The Golden Hum is the third and final studio album by American alternative rock band Remy Zero, released in 2001, produced for Elektra Records.	The Golden Hum	Remy Zero
performer	``Most Girls,'' released in 2000, is the second single from Pink's debut album Can't Take Me Home.	Most Girls	Pink
performer	``Time Is Ticking Out'' is a pop song recorded by Irish band The Cranberries.	Time Is Ticking Out	The Cranberries
performer	Colorhythm is the seventh album by Hitomi Yaida released on 5 March 2008.	Colorhythm	Hitomi Yaida
performer	``Resurrection (Paper, Paper)'' is a 2000 rap single by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, the first single released from their album BTNHResurrection.	Resurrection (Paper, Paper)	Bone Thugs-n-Harmony
performer	Secrets of the Beehive is the fourth solo album by British singer-songwriter David Sylvian and was released in 1987.	Secrets of the Beehive	David Sylvian
performer	The Sale is a concept album by the American Rock band Crack the Sky.	The Sale	Crack the Sky
performer	``Scream (Funk My Life Up)'' is a song by British pop/rock singer Paolo Nutini.	Scream (Funk My Life Up)	Paolo Nutini
performer	``Ordinary Life'' is a song written by Connie Harrington and Bonnie Baker along with Julian Williams, and recorded by American country music artist Chad Brock.	Ordinary Life	Chad Brock
performer	``He Got You'' is a song written by Ralph Murphy and Bobby Wood, recorded by American country music artist Ronnie Milsap.	He Got You	Ronnie Milsap
performer	Full Sunken Breaks is an album by Mike Paradinas released in 2000 under his moniker ``Kid Spatula.''	Full Sunken Breaks	Mike Paradinas
performer	The Apostasy is the eighth full-length album by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.	The Apostasy	Behemoth
performer	How We Rock was the third release from the Boston hardcore punk band SSD.	How We Rock	SSD
performer	The Man, The Myth, The Legacy is the second album from rapper Lord Infamous, released on October 23, 2007.	The Man, The Myth, The Legacy	Lord Infamous
performer	Hang On for Your Life is the second album by the group Shooting Star.	Hang On for Your Life	Shooting Star
performer	Imperial Bedroom is a 1982 album by Elvis Costello and the Attractions.	Imperial Bedroom	Elvis Costello
performer	Freedom Lasso is the second album by hip hop artist Akala, released on 1 October 2007 on Illa State Records.	Freedom Lasso	Akala
performer	Wayah (Arabic: وياه‎, With My Love) is a 2009 album by Amr Diab.	Wayah	Amr Diab
performer	One Less Thing to Worry About is the second studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen, released in 1997.	One Less Thing to Worry About	Viggo Mortensen
performer	Laws' Cause is the third album by jazz flautist Hubert Laws released on the Atlantic label in 1969.	Laws' Cause	Hubert Laws
performer	Thirty Three & 1/3 (stylised as Thirty Three & 1/ on the album cover) is the seventh studio album by English musician George Harrison, released in November 1976.	Thirty Three & 1/3	George Harrison
performer	Imaginary Force is the second solo album by Greek keyboardist and guitarist Bob Katsionis.	Imaginary Force	Bob Katsionis
performer	``Something Is Squeezing My Skull'' is a song with lyrics by Morrissey and music by Alain Whyte.	Something Is Squeezing My Skull	Morrissey
performer	Come Share My Love is the debut studio album by American R&B singer, Miki Howard.	Come Share My Love	Miki Howard
performer	London Boy is a mixtape by English rapper Chip, hosted by DJ Drama.	London Boy	Chip
performer	Drunk Baby Project, released on October 1, 2002 (see 2002 in music), was the second album by the comedian Bruce McCulloch.	Drunk Baby Project	Bruce McCulloch
performer	Such a Funky Thang! is the third album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota, released on September 30, 1988.	Such a Funky Thang!	Toshinobu Kubota
performer	The Physics of Fire is the second album by the progressive death metal band Becoming the Archetype.	The Physics of Fire	Becoming the Archetype
performer	Rakennus is the thirtieth album by Finnish experimental rock band Circle.	Rakennus	Circle
performer	Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson (portrayed by Kyra Sedgwick) is a fictional character featured in TNT's The Closer.	Brenda Leigh Johnson	Kyra Sedgwick
performer	The Spirit's in It is an album by recording artist Patti LaBelle, released in 1981.	The Spirit's in It	Patti LaBelle
performer	``21 Seconds'' is a song by the UK garage act So Solid Crew.	21 Seconds	So Solid Crew
performer	``What I Cannot Change'' is a song written by Darrell Brown, and co-written and recorded by American country artist LeAnn Rimes.	What I Cannot Change	LeAnn Rimes
performer	Weirdo Rippers is a compilation by LA-based duo No Age.	Weirdo Rippers	No Age
performer	From the Coop is Buckethead's third special release.	From the Coop	Buckethead
performer	``The Dark End of the Street'' is a 1967 soul song written by songwriters Dan Penn and Chips Moman and first recorded by James Carr.	The Dark End of the Street	James Carr
performer	Gates of Delirium is a studio album by Midnight Syndicate, released March 3, 2001, by Entity Productions.	Gates of Delirium	Midnight Syndicate
performer	Sneakin' Sally Through the Alley is the debut solo album by Robert Palmer, released in 1974.	Sneakin' Sally Through the Alley	Robert Palmer
performer	Sappukei is a 2000 released album by the Japanese band, Number Girl.	Sappukei	Number Girl
performer	New Moon Shine is singer-songwriter James Taylor's thirteenth studio album, being certified platinum.	New Moon Shine	James Taylor
performer	Fight to Win is an album by Nigerian musician Femi Kuti released in mid-October 2001.	Fight to Win	Femi Kuti
performer	``Kids with Guns'' is a song from the Gorillaz' second album, Demon Days.	Kids with Guns	Gorillaz
performer	HollyŁódź (Polish pronunciation: (ˌxɔliˈwut͡ɕ), word-play consisting of Hollywood and Łódź, O.S.T.R.'s native city) is an album released by polish rapper O.S.T.R. in 2007.	HollyŁódź	O.S.T.R.
performer	Trash Candy is the second album by Boston rock band VAGIANT Boston (now known as Tijuana Sweetheart), released on October 22, 2009.	Trash Candy	Tijuana Sweetheart
performer	``Lonely Avenue'' is a popular song written by Doc Pomus that became a rhythm and blues hit for Ray Charles in 1956.	Lonely Avenue	Ray Charles
performer	``Out Come the Freaks'' is the name of a trilogy of songs by art-funk ensemble Was (Not Was).	Out Come the Freaks	Was (Not Was
performer	How Passion Falls is a 2000 jazz recording, released in 2001, by Irvin Mayfield.	How Passion Falls	Irvin Mayfield
performer	Human Hearts is an album by the indie pop band Maritime.	Human Hearts	Maritime
performer	``Broken Vow'' is a song that was written by Lara Fabian and Walter Afanasieff for Fabian's self-titled album released in 1999.	Broken Vow	Lara Fabian
performer	Penthouse and Pavement is the debut album by the English synthpop group Heaven 17, released in 1981.	Penthouse and Pavement	Heaven 17
performer	American Central Dust in an album by the band Son Volt.	American Central Dust	Son Volt
performer	``I Shall Be There'' is a song by Irish girl group B*Witched, featuring vocals from South African male choral group Ladysmith Black Mambazo.	I Shall Be There	B*Witched
performer	Opposite Way is the second studio album from the Christian band Leeland, released on February 26, 2008.	Opposite Way	Leeland
performer	Elai Lineendunge is the second album by Namibian rapper Sunny Boy, and the first to be released on his own label GreenHouse Entertainment.	Elai Lineendunge	Sunny Boy
performer	All Lights Fucked on the Hairy Amp Drooling is claimed to be the earliest release from Canadian experimental musical collective Godspeed You! Black Emperor.	All Lights Fucked on the Hairy Amp Drooling	Godspeed You! Black Emperor
performer	``Room in Your Heart'' is the third single from the British group's Living in a Box 1989 album, Gatecrashing.	Room in Your Heart	Living in a Box
performer	``Será Porque Te Quiero'' (It Must Be Because I Love You) is the sixth and the final single by Erreway from their debut album Señales.	Será Porque Te Quiero	Erreway
performer	The Lure of the Grand Canyon is a classical music album by Andre Kostelanetz and his Orchestra, featuring a guest spoken-word appearance by country singer Johnny Cash.	The Lure of the Grand Canyon	Johnny Cash
performer	``Scream Like a Baby'' is a song written by David Bowie that appears on the 1980 album Scary Monsters (and Super Creeps).	Scream Like a Baby	David Bowie
performer	``Tradición'' (Tradition) was the third single released by Gloria Estefan on her first all Spanish-language album from 1993, Mi Tierra.	Tradición	Gloria Estefan
performer	A Very Fine Love is the fifteenth studio album recorded by singer Dusty Springfield, and thirteenth released.	A Very Fine Love	Dusty Springfield
performer	``Butcher's Tale (Western Front 1914)'' is a song written by Chris White and first released on The Zombies 1968 album Odessey and Oracle.	Butcher's Tale (Western Front 1914)	The Zombies
performer	``Golden Baby'' is a song by Canadian singer Cœur de pirate, from her second studio album Blonde (2011).	Golden Baby	Cœur de pirate
performer	Fireangel is the 6th studio album by German power metal band Mystic Prophecy.	Fireangel	Mystic Prophecy
performer	``Nada Que Me Recuerde a Ti'' (``Nothing That Reminds Me of You'') is a song written and recorded by Marco Antonio Solís.	Nada Que Me Recuerde a Ti	Marco Antonio Solís
performer	Second Helping is a 1974 album by Lynyrd Skynyrd.	Second Helping	Lynyrd Skynyrd
performer	``Welcome to the Future'' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley released in July 2009 as the second single from his album American Saturday Night.	Welcome to the Future	Brad Paisley
performer	When I Dream is the fifth studio album by American country music singer Crystal Gayle, released in 1978 at the height of her career.	When I Dream	Crystal Gayle
performer	A Buena Hora (At Good Time) is the 14th studio album from the Spanish singer Sergio Dalma, released by Universal Music Spain in 2008.	A Buena Hora	Sergio Dalma
performer	``Starz in Their Eyes'' is a song by British recording artist Just Jack, released in 2007.	Starz in Their Eyes	Just Jack
performer	``Johnny B. Goode'' is a 1958 rock and roll song written and originally performed by Chuck Berry.	Johnny B. Goode	Chuck Berry
performer	1-800 Vindication is the fifth album by Danish death metal band Illdisposed.	1-800 Vindication	Illdisposed
performer	``Get in the Car'' is a single by Echo & the Bunnymen which was released in 1999.	Get in the Car	Echo & the Bunnymen
performer	As Real as It Gets is the first full-length studio album released by the metalcore band, Sworn Enemy.	As Real as It Gets	Sworn Enemy
performer	``Nightswimming'' is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. It was released in 1993 as the fifth single from the group's eighth album Automatic for the People (1992).	Nightswimming	R.E.M.
performer	Historia del bikini is the seventh album recorded by Spanish rock band Hombres G, released in 1992.	Historia del bikini	Hombres G
performer	Dreamt for Light Years in the Belly of a Mountain is the fourth and final album by Sparklehorse before Mark Linkous' death in 2010.	Dreamt for Light Years in the Belly of a Mountain	Sparklehorse
performer	Royal Lunch is the ninth album by avant-garde band King Missile, and the band's third in its incarnation as ``King Missile III.'' It was released on September 21, 2004.	Royal Lunch	King Missile
performer	Soul Mining is the debut album by British post-punk/synthpop band The The. The 1981 album Burning Blue Soul was originally credited to the band's frontman Matt Johnson as a solo album, but later reissues now credit it to The The.	Soul Mining	The The. The
performer	``To-Search'' is the debut single by the Japanese rock band Buck Tick.	To-Search	Buck Tick
performer	``Repercussions'' is a song that was released by American recording artist Lauryn Hill on July 29, 2010, through BoyWonder Entertainment.	Repercussions	Lauryn Hill
performer	``Dreams (Will Come Alive)'' is a song by Dutch eurodance group 2 Brothers on the 4th Floor featuring D-Rock and Des'Ray.	Dreams (Will Come Alive)	2 Brothers on the 4th Floor
performer	``On Christmas Day'' is a Christmas single by Norwegian pop singer Maria Arredondo, it was released on November 20, 2006, and soon became a hit single.	On Christmas Day	Maria Arredondo
performer	``Hear My Name'' was the first single from Armand Van Helden's fifth album, New York:	Hear My Name	Armand Van Helden
performer	Candy Apple Grey is the fifth album by the alternative rock band Hüsker Dü, released in 1986.	Candy Apple Grey	Hüsker Dü
performer	Eric Is Here is a 1967 album billed to Eric Burdon & The Animals, although the actual band with Burdon is the Horace Ott Orchestra.	Eric Is Here	The Animals
performer	``Other Side of Love'' is a song by Jamaican recording artist Sean Paul from his sixth studio album Full Frequency.	Other Side of Love	Sean Paul
performer	``Whenever You're Near Me'' was the second single from Ace of Base's third American record, Cruel Summer.	Whenever You're Near Me	Ace of Base
performer	Julefrid med Carola is a Christmas EP from Swedish pop singer Carola Häggkvist.	Julefrid med Carola	Carola Häggkvist
performer	``It's a Shame (My Sister)'' is a 1990 song recorded by British singer Monie Love, featuring True Image.	It's a Shame (My Sister)	Monie Love
performer	Nextlevelism is the third studio album released by drum and bass and dubstep producer DJ Fresh.	Nextlevelism	DJ Fresh
performer	Shimmering, Warm and Bright is the third album by the Norwegian band Bel Canto, which became a duo after the departure of Geir Jenssen.	Shimmering, Warm and Bright	Bel Canto
performer	``Something Anything'' is the second single taken from Indie band Travis' sixth studio album Ode To J. Smith.	Something Anything	Travis
performer	Main Offender is the second studio album by Keith Richards, released in 1992 between the Rolling Stones' Steel Wheels and Voodoo Lounge projects.	Main Offender	Keith Richards
performer	Stick Figure Neighbourhood was the first album by the Burlington band Spoons.	Stick Figure Neighbourhood	Spoons
performer	Every Nerve Alive is the second album by the Japanese thrash metal band Ritual Carnage.	Every Nerve Alive	Ritual Carnage
performer	To Those Who Walk Behind Us is the eighth album by Danish death metal band Illdisposed.	To Those Who Walk Behind Us	Illdisposed
performer	Le cose che vivi is Italian singer Laura Pausini's fourth studio album issued by CGD East West (Warner) Records in 1996.	Le cose che vivi	Laura Pausini
performer	``Feel the Heat of the Night'' is a song recorded by German musical group Masterboy.	Feel the Heat of the Night	Masterboy
performer	Jewel of Jewels is MAX's fifth original studio album released five years after their last album, Emotional History (2001).	Jewel of Jewels	MAX
performer	``English Sunset'' is the only single released by The Moody Blues from their 1999 album Strange Times, making it their first single in nearly 8 years.	English Sunset	The Moody Blues
performer	So I Ate Myself, Bite by Bite is the fourth full length by Dreamend, a Chicago-based band.	So I Ate Myself, Bite by Bite	Dreamend
performer	Dream Deceiver is the second album of Dutch thrash metal band Dead Head, released in 1993.	Dream Deceiver	Dead Head
performer	Given to the Rising is the ninth studio album from the Oakland, California band Neurosis, released on June 5, 2007.	Given to the Rising	Neurosis
performer	Bluelove is the second Korean mini album of South Korean rock band CN Blue.	Bluelove	CN Blue
performer	``Show Some Respect'' is a song recorded by recording artist Tina Turner.	Show Some Respect	Tina Turner
performer	``Something in Common'' is a song by singers Bobby Brown and then-wife Whitney Houston that was featured on Brown's 1992 album Bobby.	Something in Common	Bobby Brown	Whitney Houston
performer	Tribute to the American Duck is the seventh album by bluegrass group The Dillards.	Tribute to the American Duck	The Dillards
performer	Aren't You Glad You're You? is an album made by the cast of Sesame Street in 1977.	Aren't You Glad You're You?	Sesame Street
performer	``Baby, I Love You'' is a pop song written by Jeff Barry, Ellie Greenwich, and Phil Spector, produced by Spector, and originally recorded in 1963 by The Ronettes.	Baby, I Love You	The Ronettes
performer	Shout at the Devil is the second studio album by American hard rock band Mötley Crüe, released on September 26, 1983.It was the band's breakthrough album, establishing Mötley Crüe as one of the top selling hard rock acts of the 1980s.	Shout at the Devil	Mötley Crüe
performer	``I Can't Stop This Feeling I've Got'' is a song by the English indie rock band Razorlight, and is the sixth track on their 2006 second album, Razorlight.	I Can't Stop This Feeling I've Got	Razorlight
performer	``Did You See Me Coming?'' is a song written and recorded by Pet Shop Boys, released 1 June 2009, as the second single from their tenth studio album Yes.	Did You See Me Coming?	Pet Shop Boys
performer	In My Stride is a 1977 album from Temptations singer, David Ruffin.	In My Stride	David Ruffin
performer	``The Laughing Gnome'' is a song by English musician David Bowie, released as a single on 14 April 1967.	The Laughing Gnome	David Bowie
performer	``I'm So into You'' is a song by R&B female trio SWV.	I'm So into You	SWV
performer	Thrill of Your Love is a song written by Stan Kesler and recorded by Elvis Presley in 1960 for his first post-army album ``Elvis Is Back!.''	Thrill of Your Love	Elvis Presley
performer	Bright Examples is the fifth studio album by husband and wife duo Sarah Lee Guthrie & Johnny Irion.	Bright Examples	Sarah Lee Guthrie & Johnny Irion
performer	Mind, Body & Song is the second studio album released by the American female R&B trio Jade.	Mind, Body & Song	Jade
performer	Mad Valentines is an EP from the Brooklyn-area indie rock artist Bryan Scary and the Shredding Tears.	Mad Valentines	Bryan Scary
performer	The Sonny Side of Chér is the second studio album by American singer-actress Cher, released on April, 1966 by Imperial, as her second album, Cher again collaborated with Sonny Bono and Harold Battiste.	The Sonny Side of Chér	Cher
performer	Between the Valley of the Ultra Pussy is an album of industrial remixes of Faster Pussycat songs from the late 1980s and early 1990s, released after they reunited for a tour in 2001.	Between the Valley of the Ultra Pussy	Faster Pussycat
performer	Other People's Songs is a cover album by Erasure.	Other People's Songs	Erasure
performer	Fireflies and Songs is the sixth studio album and ninth overall album from Christian singer-songwriter Sara Groves, and it released on November 17, 2009 by Fair Trade, Columbia Records and Integrity Music.	Fireflies and Songs	Sara Groves
performer	Hopestrumentals is an album of the instrumentals of the Non-Prophets album, Hope, produced by Joe Beats and released by Good foot records in 2004.	Hopestrumentals	Non-Prophets
performer	From the Promised Land is a 1984 album by Play Dead, and the original version of the band's Resurrection (1992).	From the Promised Land	Play Dead
performer	Beautiful Midnight is the third album released by the Matthew Good Band and the follow-up to the band's 1997 album, Underdogs.	Beautiful Midnight	Matthew Good
performer	``I Won't Forget You'' is the fourth single and power ballad from Poison, originally from the album Look What the Cat Dragged In.	I Won't Forget You	Poison
performer	``Drop Me Off in Harlem'' is a 1933 song composed by Duke Ellington, with lyrics written by Nick Kenny.	Drop Me Off in Harlem	Duke Ellington
performer	``We in This Bitch'', censored version known as ``We In This'', is a song by American hip hop artist DJ Drama.	We in This Bitch	DJ Drama
performer	``Sign Your Name'' is a song written and performed by Terence Trent D'Arby (now known as Sananda Maitreya), released as a single in 1988.	Sign Your Name	Terence Trent D'Arby
performer	W.A.R.P.E.D. is a 2005 album by Savatage guitarist Chris Caffery.	W.A.R.P.E.D.	Chris Caffery
performer	Sugaring Season is English singer-songwriter Beth Orton's fifth studio album, her first new work for six years.	Sugaring Season	Beth Orton
performer	The Passion of the Hood Christ is the second album by Wu-Tang Clan affiliated rapper Shabazz the Disciple.	The Passion of the Hood Christ	Shabazz the Disciple
performer	Ragas and Sagas is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, featuring Ustad Fateh Ali Khan and musicians from Pakistan released on the ECM label in 1992.	Ragas and Sagas	Jan Garbarek
performer	``Working for the Weekend'' is a song by Canadian rock band Loverboy from their second studio album Get Lucky (1981).	Working for the Weekend	Loverboy
performer	``Monolith of Doubt'' is a 2003 single by Dutch symphonic metal band After Forever.	Monolith of Doubt	After Forever
performer	Christmas Tales is the fourth studio album and first Christmas album by the Belarusian-Norwegian artist Alexander Rybak, it released on the November 23, 2012 in Norway.	Christmas Tales	Alexander Rybak
performer	13 Chapters is a compilation album of Sweetbox with singer and songwriter Jade Villalon as frontwoman.	13 Chapters	Sweetbox
performer	``Pow 2011'' (often capitalized as POW 2011 or POW! 2011) is a single by grime MC, Lethal Bizzle, featuring fellow grime artists Jme, Wiley, Chipmunk, Face, P Money, Ghetts and Kano - who are usually credited as Grime All Stars.	Pow 2011	Lethal Bizzle	Wiley	P Money	Ghetts	Kano
performer	Naktis is the sixth album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki, released through magnitizdat in 1987, and was the last one of the band's six 1980s albums to see an official CD release.	Naktis	Dzeltenie Pastnieki
performer	``Water's Edge'' is a song by Seven Mary Three and the second single released from their second album, American Standard.	Water's Edge	Seven Mary Three
performer	Down in There is an album by American folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown, released in 1990.	Down in There	Greg Brown
performer	Killafornia is First Blood's first full-length release.	Killafornia	First Blood
performer	Mass in F Minor is the third studio album by American rock band The Electric Prunes, released in 1968.	Mass in F Minor	The Electric Prunes
performer	Eyes on Tomorrow is a 1991 album of South African singer Miriam Makeba.	Eyes on Tomorrow	Miriam Makeba
performer	The Battle of Mexico City is the second video release by Rage Against the Machine.	The Battle of Mexico City	Rage Against the Machine
performer	Crowned Unholy is a seventh studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band The Crown.	Crowned Unholy	The Crown
performer	``Mrs. International'' is a song by American hip hop duo Method Man & Redman, released on May 5, 2009, as the third single from their second studio album, Blackout! 2 (2009).	Mrs. International	Method Man & Redman
performer	Tomorrow Always Comes is the third studio album from the American rock band, Dog's Eye View.	Tomorrow Always Comes	Dog's Eye View
performer	In My Quiet Room is an album by Harry Belafonte, released by RCA Victor (LPM-3571 and LSP-3571) in 1966.	In My Quiet Room	Harry Belafonte
performer	Dreamin' Man Live '92 is a live album by Neil Young, released on December 8, 2009.	Dreamin' Man Live '92	Neil Young
performer	``Getto Jam'' was the lead single released from Domino's debut album, Domino.	Getto Jam	Domino
performer	``Work Me, Lord'' is a song from Janis Joplin's I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama! album, her first after departing the Big Brother and the Holding Company.	Work Me, Lord	Janis Joplin
performer	Invictus (Iconoclast III) is the sixth studio album by German extreme metal band Heaven Shall Burn and is the last part of the Iconoclast trilogy, following their previous studio album Iconoclast (Part 1: The Final Resistance) released in 2008 and the live CD/DVD Bildersturm --	Invictus (Iconoclast III)	Heaven Shall Burn
performer	``Girls Who Play Guitars'' is the third single from Our Earthly Pleasures, the second album from the band Maxïmo Park.	Girls Who Play Guitars	Maxïmo Park
performer	Handshakes and Heartbreaks is the first album from alternative rock band Roses Are Red.	Handshakes and Heartbreaks	Roses Are Red
performer	``Don't Stop Believin''' is a song by the American rock band Journey, originally released as a single from their seventh studio album Escape (1981).	Don't Stop Believin'	Journey
performer	EastWind is an album by Andy Irvine & Davy Spillane, showcasing a fusion of Irish folk music with traditional Bulgarian and Macedonian music.	EastWind	Andy Irvine
performer	Kairos Na Pame Parakato is a Greek language album by Antonis Remos from 1998 which ``sold platinum.''	Kairos Na Pame Parakato	Antonis Remos
performer	Drop Dead Live is the first live album by the punk rock band Lunachicks.	Drop Dead Live	Lunachicks
performer	Jack Takes the Floor is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott, released in Great Britain in 1958.	Jack Takes the Floor	Ramblin' Jack Elliott
performer	Dark Adapted Eye is a compilation album by Danielle Dax, an English experimental musician, formerly of The Lemon Kittens.	Dark Adapted Eye	Danielle Dax
performer	``Dumpa mig'' is the debut single by Swedish singer Veronica Maggio, from her debut Studio album Vatten och bröd.	Dumpa mig	Veronica Maggio
performer	``À la folie ou pas du tout'' (``Passionately or not at all'') was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1972, performed in French by Serge & Christine Ghisoland.	À la folie ou pas du tout	Serge & Christine Ghisoland
performer	Suite XVI is the sixteenth studio album by The Stranglers, and saw the band return as a four piece after the departure of Paul Roberts.	Suite XVI	The Stranglers
performer	Sweet America was the twelfth studio album by Buffy Sainte-Marie and her last before retiring from music to work on Sesame Street and in education.	Sweet America	Buffy Sainte-Marie
performer	``My Number'' is a song by British rock band Foals, released as the second single from their third studio album Holy Fire.	My Number	Foals
performer	``Killing an Arab'' has been covered by Frodus on the 1995 Radiopaque compilation Give Me The Cure, and again in 2004 by DJ Riton.	Killing an Arab	The Cure
performer	Shaun Toub plays Iroh in the feature film The Last Airbender.	Iroh	Shaun Toub
performer	Expert Knob Twiddlers is a 1996 studio album by Mike Paradinas and Richard D. James.	Expert Knob Twiddlers	Mike Paradinas
performer	``You Should Never Leave Me (Before I Die)'' is a song by Slimmy, released in 2008 as the third and final single from his debut album Beatsound Loverboy.	You Should Never Leave Me (Before I Die)	Slimmy
performer	``Guerrilla Radio'' is the second track from the 1999 album The Battle of Los Angeles by the band Rage Against the Machine.	Guerrilla Radio	Rage Against the Machine
performer	``New Born'' is a song by English alternative rock band Muse from their second studio album Origin of Symmetry, released in 2001.	New Born	Muse
performer	I Cry When I Laugh is the debut studio album by English singer Jess Glynne.	I Cry When I Laugh	Jess Glynne
performer	Open Sky is a progressive rock album by Iona, released in 2000.	Open Sky	Iona
performer	Gimme Some Neck is the third solo album by English musician Ronnie Wood, released in 1979.	Gimme Some Neck	Ronnie Wood
performer	``In da Club'' is a hip hop song performed by American rapper 50 Cent from his debut studio album Get Rich or Die Tryin' (2003).	In da Club	50 Cent
performer	Rockin' the Oldies was the fifth album of rock and roll music by Bill Haley and His Comets.	Rockin' the Oldies	Bill Haley and His Comets
performer	Cinquième As was the fifth studio album by MC Solaar released in 2001.	Cinquième As	MC Solaar
performer	``Sick Bubblegum'' is a song by Rob Zombie from his album Hellbilly Deluxe 2 (full title Hellbilly Deluxe 2: Noble Jackals, Penny Dreadfuls and the Systematic Dehumanization of Cool.	Sick Bubblegum	Rob Zombie
performer	``Buenos Amigos'' (``Good Friends'') is a down-tempo, pop ballad duet recorded by Salvadoran recording artist Álvaro Torres and American recording artist Selena for Torres' sixth studio album Nada Se Compara Contigo (1991).	Buenos Amigos	Álvaro Torres	Selena
performer	The Magnificent Moodies is the 1965 debut album by The Moody Blues, first released in the UK, and the first and only album featuring their R&B line-up of guitarist Denny Laine, bassist Clint Warwick, keyboardist Mike Pinder, flautist--percussionist Ray Thomas, and drummer Graeme Edge.	The Magnificent Moodies	The Moody Blues
performer	A Caress of the Void is an album by the US doom metal band Evoken.	A Caress of the Void	Evoken
performer	Wouldn't You Like It? was the third studio album to be released by the Scottish pop group, Bay City Rollers.	Wouldn't You Like It?	Bay City Rollers
performer	``When the Sun Comes Down'' is a song by German Dance-Band R.I.O..	When the Sun Comes Down	R.I.O.
performer	``No Spare Parts'' is a song by The Rolling Stones, featured as a bonus track on the 2011 re-release of their 1978 album Some Girls.	No Spare Parts	The Rolling Stones
performer	Awakening of Aggression is the fourth solo album by video game music composer Frank Klepacki, released in 2006 and featuring, as usual, ten songs.	Awakening of Aggression	Frank Klepacki
performer	Church of the Truly Warped is the 7th studio album by Charged GBH released in 1992 on Rough Justice.	Church of the Truly Warped	Charged GBH
performer	``Get Naked'' is a song by Tommy Lee's first solo project Methods of Mayhem, from their album Methods of Mayhem.	Get Naked	Methods of Mayhem
performer	``Don't Expect Me to Be Your Friend'' is a song recorded by Lobo and released as a single in 1972.	Don't Expect Me to Be Your Friend	Lobo
performer	Vana kloun (Old clown) is the first studio album by Estonian rock musician Urmas Alender, released in 1992, decades after the start of Alender's musical career.	Vana kloun	Urmas Alender
performer	``50/50 Luv'' is the 1995 debut single by rappers B.G. Knocc Out & Dresta from their debut album Real Brothas.	50/50 Luv	B.G. Knocc Out	Dresta
performer	World on a String is a 1991 CD album by Henry ``Red'' Allen.	World on a String	Red'' Allen
performer	Alive Till I'm Dead (sic) is the debut studio album by English rapper Professor Green, that was released on 16 July 2010.	Alive Till I'm Dead	Professor Green
performer	``Welcome to the Machine'' is the second song on Pink Floyd's 1975 album Wish You Were Here.	Welcome to the Machine	Pink Floyd
performer	Ola Kala (Greek: Όλα Καλά; English: Everything's Fine) is the eighth studio album and first international album featuring a number of English language songs by popular Greek singer-songwriter Sakis Rouvas, originally released on June 16, 2002 in Greece and Cyprus by Minos EMI.	Ola Kala	Sakis Rouvas
performer	Morrison Heights is an album that was released in 2006 by the band Jupiter Ray Project.	Morrison Heights	Jupiter Ray Project
performer	``If We're in Love'' is a song written and produced by Róisín Murphy and Matthew Herbert for Murphy's debut solo album, Ruby Blue (2005).	If We're in Love	Róisín Murphy
performer	``Let's Go to San Francisco'' is the only UK-charting single by the British pop group The Flower Pot Men.	Let's Go to San Francisco	The Flower Pot Men
performer	Honky Reduction is the first full-length album by grindcore band Agoraphobic Nosebleed.	Honky Reduction	Agoraphobic Nosebleed
performer	``Shut Up and Let Me Go'' is the fourth single by English duo The Ting Tings from their debut studio album We Started Nothing.	Shut Up and Let Me Go	The Ting Tings
performer	The Great Spectacular is the first Dixie Dregs album.	The Great Spectacular	Dixie Dregs
performer	``Gimme Your Love'' is a song written by Narada Michael Walden and Jeffrey Cohen and recorded as a duet between Aretha Franklin and James Brown in 1989.	Gimme Your Love	Aretha Franklin	James Brown
performer	Strange Cargo III is the fourth album by electronic instrumentalist William Orbit.	Strange Cargo III	William Orbit
performer	All Nite Madness is the second album from Mousse T..	All Nite Madness	Mousse T.
performer	The Diary of the Madmen is the fourth album by rock/hip hop group Len, released in 2005.	The Diary of the Madmen	Len
performer	X-75 Volume 1 is the debut album by Henry Threadgill released on the Arista Novus label in 1979.	X-75 Volume 1	Henry Threadgill
performer	The Rose Has Teeth in the Mouth of a Beast is the sixth full-length album by Matmos.	The Rose Has Teeth in the Mouth of a Beast	Matmos
performer	The Nocturnal Silence is the first album recorded by Swedish Death metal band Necrophobic.	The Nocturnal Silence	Necrophobic
performer	Remapping the Human Soul is the fourth album by Epik High, and it was released on January 23, 2007.	Remapping the Human Soul	Epik High
performer	Altars of Madness is the debut album of Florida-based death metal band Morbid Angel.	Altars of Madness	Morbid Angel
performer	Love Has No Recession is the fourth studio album by American neo soul group Kindred the Family Soul.	Love Has No Recession	Kindred the Family Soul
performer	``Bits and Pieces'' is a song by 1960s quintet The Dave Clark Five.	Bits and Pieces	The Dave Clark Five
performer	High Heeled Blues is a blues album by the American blues guitarist and singer Rory Block.	High Heeled Blues	Rory Block
performer	Green and Beautiful EP is October Sky's third release, and second EP.	Green and Beautiful EP	October Sky
performer	``Be Good to Me'' is a song recorded by American recording artist Ashley Tisdale from her debut album, Headstrong.	Be Good to Me	Ashley Tisdale
performer	``Dream About Me'' is a song by American electronica musician Moby, released as the fourth single from his 2005 studio album Hotel.	Dream About Me	Moby
performer	``5D (Fifth Dimension)'' is a song by the American rock band The Byrds, written by band member Jim McGuinn.	5D (Fifth Dimension)	The Byrds
performer	``Wanksta'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist 50 Cent, released on November 6, 2002, as the second single from the soundtrack to the film 8 Mile (2002).	Wanksta	50 Cent
performer	``Schanzer Herz'' is a single released by the German hard rock band Bonfire that had not appeared on a previously released album.	Schanzer Herz	Bonfire
performer	``Downbound Train'' is a song that appears on the 1984 Bruce Springsteen album Born in the U.S.A. The song is a lament to a lost spouse, and takes on a melancholy tone.	Downbound Train	Bruce Springsteen
performer	``Mister Love'' is a 7`` single by Toadies.	Mister Love	Toadies
performer	Our House Is Dadless is the fourth single by British Ska and Indie band Kid British.	Our House Is Dadless	Kid British
performer	Time Will Tell Our Story was released by folk music duo The Gordons in 2002.	Time Will Tell Our Story	The Gordons
performer	Invitation to an Escapade is Stephanie Nakasian's fourth album as leader.	Invitation to an Escapade	Stephanie Nakasian
performer	Nicely, Nicely is the debut album by the Blake Babies, released in 1987 (see 1987 in music).	Nicely, Nicely	Blake Babies
performer	``My Sacrifice'' is a song by American post-grunge band Creed.	My Sacrifice	Creed
performer	Downtown Hades is the second album of the Norwegian thrash metal band Infernö.	Downtown Hades	Infernö
performer	``Has Anyone Ever Written Anything for You?'' is a song written by Stevie Nicks and Keith Olsen off of the 1985 album Rock a Little.	Has Anyone Ever Written Anything for You?	Stevie Nicks
performer	Elles & Lui (English: They & Him) is 14th studio album by Alain Chamfort.	Elles & Lui	Alain Chamfort
performer	``Eleanor Put Your Boots On'' is a song by Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand, and is featured on their second album, You Could Have It So Much Better.	Eleanor Put Your Boots On	Franz Ferdinand
performer	``Love Is the Healer'' is a song recorded by American singer Donna Summer in 1999 for her album Live & More Encore, the track being one of two new studio recordings included on the live album.	Love Is the Healer	Donna Summer
performer	``Next Plane Out'' is the sixth single from The Colour of My Love album by Celine Dion.	Next Plane Out	Celine Dion
performer	Unprecedented (Chinese: 破天荒; pinyin: po tian huang) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jing Chang's first Mandarin studio album.	Unprecedented	Jing Chang
performer	Flash Back is an album by the Japanese electronica group Capsule.	Flash Back	Capsule
performer	``You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)'' is a song by British band Dead or Alive on their 1985 album Youthquake.	You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)	Dead or Alive
performer	Firth of Fifth is a song by the British progressive rock band Genesis.	Firth of Fifth	Genesis
performer	Klima Tropiko (Greek: Κλίμα Τροπικό; English: Tropical Climate) is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus in February 1996.	Klima Tropiko	Anna Vissi
performer	Endless Blue Sky is the eighth studio album from American new-age pianist Kevin Kern.	Endless Blue Sky	Kevin Kern
performer	Moon & the Sky is a song by synthpop duo Erasure.	Moon & the Sky	Erasure
performer	We Stand As One is a limited single by Denise Ho that is released as a collection for her fans to celebrate the success of her first Hong Kong Coliseum concert, Live in Unity 2006.	We Stand As One	Denise Ho
performer	No More Tears (For Lady Day) is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in West Germany and released on the Dutch Timeless label.	No More Tears (For Lady Day)	Mal Waldron
performer	Sanremo grande amore is an extended play by Italian operatic pop trio Il Volo, released in February 2015 following their appearance at the 65th Sanremo Music Festival, in which their song ``Grande amore'' received first prize in the ``Big Artists'' category.	Sanremo grande amore	Il Volo
performer	A Night in Copenhagen is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd featuring a performance recorded in Copenhagen in 1983 by Lloyd with Michel Petrucciani, Palle Danielsson, and Woody Theus with guest vocalist Bobby McFerrin.	A Night in Copenhagen	Charles Lloyd
performer	``Black Skinhead'' (also stylized as ``BLKKK SKKKN HEAD'') is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, from his sixth studio album Yeezus (2013).	Black Skinhead	Kanye West
performer	``Sweat of Your Brow'' was the second single from Jully Black's debut album This Is Me.	Sweat of Your Brow	Jully Black
performer	La Promessa (English:The Promise) is a song created and performed by Il Divo for their album The Promise (2008), written by Jorgen Elofsson and Kjell with music by Francesco Galtieri.	La Promessa	Il Divo
performer	Ella usó mi cabeza como un revólver (Spanish for She used my head as a revolver) is a song by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo featured as the first track on the Sueño Stereo album of 1995.	Ella usó mi cabeza como un revólver	Soda Stereo
performer	Age of the Joker is the ninth studio album by the German power metal band Edguy.	Age of the Joker	Edguy
performer	Domino Dancing is a song recorded by the British synthpop duo Pet Shop Boys which reached #7 on the UK Singles Chart.	Domino Dancing	Pet Shop Boys
performer	Slow, Deep and Hard is Type O Negative's first album, released in 1991 on Roadrunner Records.	Slow, Deep and Hard	Type O Negative
performer	``5 Rebbecca's'' was the first single released by Dundee indie band The View from their second album Which Bitch?.	5 Rebbecca's	The View
performer	Gone, Just Like a Train is the tenth album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label.	Gone, Just Like a Train	Bill Frisell
performer	``Old Dirt Road'' is a song written by John Lennon and Harry Nilsson, first released on Lennon's 1974 album Walls and Bridges.	Old Dirt Road	John Lennon
performer	Southpaw Grammar is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock singer Morrissey, released on 28 August 1995 by record labels RCA in the UK and Reprise in the US.	Southpaw Grammar	Morrissey
performer	Mythmaker is the tenth studio album by industrial group Skinny Puppy.	Mythmaker	Skinny Puppy
performer	You Can Win If You Want is Modern Talking's second single released from their debut album The 1st Album.	You Can Win If You Want	Modern Talking
performer	``Kaze no La La La'' (風のららら/La La La of the Wind) is Mai Kuraki's 17th single, released on May 28, 2003	Kaze no La La La	Mai Kuraki
performer	The Horrible Truth About Burma is a collection of live recordings by Boston-based post-punk band Mission of Burma, recorded during their 1983 farewell tour.	The Horrible Truth About Burma	Mission of Burma
performer	``Do You See the Light (Looking For)'' is a song recorded by the German band Snap!.	Do You See the Light (Looking For)	Snap
performer	This Is What Makes Us is the debut studio album by Scottish indie-rock band Foxface, released November 5, 2007 on Gargleblast Records.	This Is What Makes Us	Foxface
performer	Shut 'Em Down is the third album from rap group Onyx.	Shut 'Em Down	Onyx
performer	``Con Tu Nombre'' (English: ``With Your Name'') is the fourth single from Ricky Martin's first live album, MTV Unplugged (2006).	Con Tu Nombre	Ricky Martin
performer	Jumpin' Punkins is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded for the Candid label in January 1961 but not issued in the States until 1987.	Jumpin' Punkins	Cecil Taylor
performer	Reviens is the second studio album recorded by the Canadian singer Garou, and his third album overall.	Reviens	Garou
performer	Proverbs and Songs is a live album by English saxophonist John Surman featuring a suite of choral settings of Old Testament texts.	Proverbs and Songs	John Surman
performer	The Moon Is Disgusting, released in 2007, is the second album released by That 1 Guy.	The Moon Is Disgusting	That 1 Guy
performer	``I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)'' is a 1967 soul single released by American recording artist Aretha Franklin.	I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)	Aretha Franklin
performer	Road Tested is a live album by Bonnie Raitt, released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).	Road Tested	Bonnie Raitt
performer	``Rolling Sevens'' is a song by new wave group ABC, released as the first single from their album Skyscraping.	Rolling Sevens	ABC
performer	Blood Ballads is a double CD album by New York City rapper Tragedy Khadafi, released in 2006 on Nocturne Records.	Blood Ballads	Tragedy Khadafi
performer	Electro Ghetto is the second solo album by German rapper Bushido, released under the label ersguterjunge on October 25, 2004.	Electro Ghetto	Bushido
performer	Teenage Mojo Workout is an album by The 5.6.7.8's.	Teenage Mojo Workout	The 5.6.7.8
performer	``Unanswered Prayers'' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks which hit No. 1 on Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart in 1991.	Unanswered Prayers	Garth Brooks
performer	``Something Kinda Ooooh'' is a song by British all-female pop group Girls Aloud, taken from their first greatest hits collection The Sound of Girls Aloud:	Something Kinda Ooooh	Girls Aloud
performer	``Tarzan Boy'' is a song recorded by Italian-based act Baltimora.	Tarzan Boy	Baltimora
performer	``Now That You Can't Have Me'' is the second and final single from Cosima De Vito's self-titled debut album, Cosima.	Now That You Can't Have Me	Cosima De Vito
performer	Comin' Alive is Stephanie Nakasian's debut album as leader.	Comin' Alive	Stephanie Nakasian
performer	So Much Water So Close to Home is an album by Australian rock band Paul Kelly and the Messengers and was originally released in August 1989.	So Much Water So Close to Home	Paul Kelly
performer	``Thank God It's Christmas'' is a Christmas single by the British rock band Queen.	Thank God It's Christmas	Queen
performer	Afrikan New Style is the debut studio album by singer from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, currently residing in France, Jessy Matador.	Afrikan New Style	Jessy Matador
place of birth	Reginald Calvert (born Pearce Reginald Hartley Calvert Spilsby, Lincolnshire, 1928 -- 21 June 1966, Wendens Ambo, Essex) was the manager of The Fortunes, Pinkertons Assorted Colours, Screaming Lord Sutch and other pop groups.	Reginald Calvert	Lincolnshire
place of birth	He was born George William Duell in 1923 in Corinth, New York, to E. Janet (Harrington) and Leon George Duell, an employee of the International Paper Company.	William Duell	New York
place of birth	Michael Žantovský (born 3 January 1949, Prague) is a Czech diplomat, politician, author, journalist, lyricist and psychologist.	Michael Žantovský	Prague
place of birth	Victor Manuel Ochoa Ventura (born in El Salvador).	Victor Manuel Ochoa	El Salvador
place of birth	Eman Lam is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer and musician.	Eman Lam	Hong Kong
place of birth	Jamie Darvill (born 5 January 1988 in London) is an English footballer who currently plays for Cray Wanderers and the Major Arena Soccer League's Baltimore Blast.	Jamie Darvill	London
place of birth	Dale Wasserman was born in Rhinelander, Wisconsin, and was orphaned at the age of nine.	Dale Wasserman	Rhinelander
place of birth	A great-granddaughter of Peter Carl Fabergé, she was the daughter of Theodore and Tatiana Fabergé née Cheremeteff, she was born in 1930 in Geneva, Switzerland.	Tatiana Fabergé	Geneva
place of birth	Richard O'Callaghan (born Richard Brooke, 7 March 1940, London) is an English film, stage and television character actor.	Richard O'Callaghan	London
place of birth	Robin Clegg (born August 1, 1977 in Edmonton, Alberta) is former Canadian biathlete.	Robin Clegg	Edmonton
place of birth	Mohammad Hassan Mohebbi (Persian: محمد حسن محبی‎‎) is an Iranian light heavyweight freestyle wrestler from Kermanshah.	Mohammad Hassan Mohebbi	Kermanshah
place of birth	Hugh Adamson (born in Scotland) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers and Everton.	Hugh Adamson	Scotland
place of birth	Giovanni Capellini was born on 23 August 1833 in La Spezia, Liguria, son Pietro Francesco Capellini and Margherita Ferrarini.	Giovanni Capellini	La Spezia
place of birth	John Lydgate of Bury (c. 1370 -- c. 1451) was a monk and poet, born in Lidgate, near Haverhill, Suffolk, England.	John Lydgate	Suffolk
place of birth	Michael Persinger was born in Jacksonville, Florida and grew up primarily in Virginia, Maryland and Wisconsin.	Michael Persinger	Jacksonville
place of birth	Marco Di Lauro (born in Naples, 16 June 1980) is an Italian Camorrista and member of the Di Lauro clan from Naples.	Marco Di Lauro	Naples
place of birth	Leslie S. Klinger (born May 2, 1946 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American attorney and writer.	Leslie S. Klinger	Chicago
place of birth	Travis M. Kerr (July 28, 1902 - June 7, 1970) was an American businessman in Oklahoma City and a Thoroughbred racehorse owner.	Travis M. Kerr	Oklahoma
place of birth	Veysel Özgür (1877; Trabzon - October 15, 1931; ?) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army.	Veysel Özgür	Trabzon
place of birth	Max Bolkart (born July 29, 1932 in Oberstdorf, Bavaria) is a West German former ski jumper who competed from 1954 to 1966.	Max Bolkart	Oberstdorf
place of birth	Kellye Cash-Sheppard from Memphis, Tennessee, was Miss Tennessee 1986 and was crowned Miss America 1987, capturing preliminary honors in both the talent and swimsuit competitions.	Kellye Cash	Memphis
place of birth	Danny Masterton (born 5 September 1954, in Ayr), is a former Scottish football striker.	Danny Masterton	Ayr
place of birth	Fehmi Demir was born on 2 January 1957 in the Turkish town of Yeniceoba (İncov) in the district of Cihanbeyli, Konya Province.	Fehmi Demir	Yeniceoba
place of birth	Allan Hunt (born February 12, 1945 in California) is an American actor, probably best remembered as Crewman Stuart Riley from season 2 of ABC's Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea.	Allan Hunt	California
place of birth	Giacomo Simoneta was born in Milan in 1475, the son of Giovanni Simoneta and his second wife Catarina Barbavara.	Giacomo Simoneta	Milan
place of birth	Pierre Repellini (born 27 October 1950 in Hyères, Var) is a French former football striker and manager.	Pierre Repellini	Hyères
place of birth	Sinan Ayrancı (born 9 July 1990 in Sweden, Stockholm) is a Turkish-Swedish footballer currently playing for FK Bosna 08 in the Swedish amateur division.	Sinan Ayrancı	Stockholm
place of birth	Marianne Mendt (born Marianne Krupicka, 29 September 1945, Vienna) is an Austrian jazz singer and actress, best known for her participation in the 1971 Eurovision Song Contest.	Marianne Mendt	Vienna
place of birth	Louis Levacher (1934, Fécamp - 1983, Harfleur ) was a French painter and sculptor.	Louis Levacher	Fécamp
place of birth	Anvar Mammadkhanli was born in 1913 in the provincial town of Goychay, Azerbaijan.	Anvar Mammadkhanli	Goychay
place of birth	Ruth Vega Fernandez (née Ruth Fernández Martín; born 12 April 1977 on Canary Islands) is a Swedish-Spanish actress.	Ruth Vega Fernandez	Canary Islands
place of birth	Charles Puffy (3 November 1884 -- 1942 or 1943) born Károly Hochstadt in Budapest, was a Hungarian film actor.	Charles Puffy	Budapest
place of birth	Arthur Maurice Hocart (26 April 1883, Etterbeek -- 9 March 1939, Cairo) was an anthropologist best known for his eccentric and often far-seeing works on Polynesia, Melanesia and Sri Lanka.	Arthur Maurice Hocart	Etterbeek
place of birth	Paulo Evaristo Arns OFM (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈpawlu evaˈɾistu ˈaɾns); born 14 September 1921 in Forquilhinha) is Cardinal and Archbishop Emeritus of São Paulo.	Paulo Evaristo Arns	Forquilhinha
place of birth	John Leverett was baptized 7 July 1616 at St Botolph's Church in Boston, Lincolnshire.	John Leverett	Boston
place of birth	Vânia Cristina Martins (born November 9, 1980 in Embu das Artes, São Paulo), known simply as Vânia, is a Brazilian-born naturalized Equatoguinean football midfielder; who plays for Santa Teresa in Spain.	Vânia Cristina Martins	Embu das Artes
place of birth	Li Xingcan (Chinese: 李星灿; born 23 July 1987 in Tianjin) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Tianjin Songjiang.	Li Xingcan	Tianjin
place of birth	Gouverneur Morris I (January 31, 1752 -- November 6, 1816) was an American statesman, a Founding Father of the United States, and a native of New York City who represented Pennsylvania in the Constitutional Convention of 1787.	Gouverneur Morris	New York City
place of birth	Manuel Turchi (born 27 January 1981 in Rome) is an Italian professional football player currently captain of Virtus Lanciano.	Manuel Turchi	Rome
place of birth	Jaqueline Nakiri Nalubale (1977 -- ), also known as Jaqee, is a musician born in Kampala, Uganda.	Jaqee	Kampala
place of birth	Philip H. Bucksbaum (born January 14, 1953 in Grinnell, Iowa) is an American atomic physicist, the Marguerite Blake Wilbur Professor in Natural Science in the Departments of Physics, Applied Physics, and Photon Science at Stanford University and the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory.	Philip H. Bucksbaum	Grinnell
place of birth	Amelia Cooke (born Colorado Springs, Colorado, May 24, 1979) is an American actress.	Amelia Cooke	Colorado Springs
place of birth	Nukri Manchkhava (Georgian: ნუკრი მანჩხავა; born 5 January 1982 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian footballer, who is currently a free agent.	Nukri Manchkhava	Tbilisi
place of birth	Martha Cooper is an American photojournalist born in the 1940s in Baltimore, Maryland.	Martha Cooper	Baltimore
place of birth	Alexander, Hereditary Prince of Hohenzollern (German: Alexander Friedrich Antonius Johannes Prinz von Hohenzollern; born 16 March 1987, New York City) is a member of the Princely House of Hohenzollern.	Alexander, Hereditary Prince of Hohenzollern	New York City
place of birth	Pinki Pramanik (born 10 April 1986 in Purulia) is an Indian track athlete who specialises in the 400 metres and 800 metres.	Pinki Pramanik	Purulia
place of birth	Torben Frank (born 16 June 1968 in Copenhagen) is a Danish former footballer, who played in the striker role.	Torben Frank	Copenhagen
place of birth	Iva Janžurová (born May 19, 1941 in Žirovnice near Pelhřimov) is a Czech actress.	Iva Janžurová	Žirovnice
place of birth	Javed Anand (born ca. 1950) is an Indian journalist and civil rights activist who founded the Mumbai-based Sabrang Communications in 1983.	Javed Anand	Mumbai
place of birth	Makadji Boukar (born January 19, 1984 in Yaoundé) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who most recently played for Al-Zawraa in the Iraqi Premier League.	Makadji Boukar	Yaoundé
place of birth	Gordon Lam, also known as Lam Ka-tung (林家棟), is a Hong Kong actor known for his supporting roles in films from the likes of Andrew Lau to Johnnie To.	Gordon Lam	Hong Kong
place of birth	Jean Cruguet (born March 8, 1939 in Agen, Lot-et-Garonne, France) is a French-American thoroughbred horse racing jockey who won the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.	Jean Cruguet	Agen
place of birth	Slobodan Vuksanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Вуксановић, born in 1965 in Belgrade) is a poet, essayist, translator and former Serbian politician, who served as Minister of Education and Sport in the Government of Serbia from 2004 to 2007.	Slobodan Vuksanović	Belgrade
place of birth	Pierre Paul de Méredieu, baron de Naillac (born 17 August 1737 Périgueux - ?)	Pierre Paul de Méredieu, baron de Naillac	Périgueux
place of birth	Stephen Pate (born 25 January 1964 in Melbourne, Victoria) is an internationally competitive cyclist and former Olympian.	Stephen Pate	Melbourne
place of birth	Ashok Kheny is an MLA from Bidar South and the Managing Director of Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises (NICE), which is best known for the construction of Bangalore--	Ashok Kheny	Bidar
place of birth	Nejc Potokar (born 2 December 1988 in Zagorje ob Savi) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a centre back for Pahang F.C..	Nejc Potokar	Zagorje ob Savi
place of birth	Ivan Jevtić (born April 29, 1947 in Belgrade, Serbia, then Yugoslavia) is a Serbian/French composer and member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts.	Ivan Jevtić	Belgrade
place of birth	All private planes in the United States are registered at the Mike Monroney Aeronautical Center in Oklahoma City.	Mike Monroney	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Born in Rockford, Illinois, Ange Armato was the seventh girl out of eight children from a large Italian family.	Ange Armato	Rockford
place of birth	Francesco Schiavone (born January 6, 1953) is a member of the Camorra, the Neapolitan organized crime syndicate, and the head of the Casalesi clan from Casal di Principe in the province of Caserta.	Francesco Schiavone	Casal di Principe
place of birth	Dalibor Čutura (Serbian: Далибор Чутура; born 14 June 1975 in Sombor) is a Serbian handballer who plays for the Romanian club HC Dobrogea Sud Constanţa and Serbian national team.	Dalibor Čutura	Sombor
place of birth	Jacques Forestier (27 July 1890, Aix-les-Bains - 15 March 1978) was a French internist who was a pioneer in the field of rheumatology.	Jacques Forestier	Aix-les-Bains
place of birth	The seventh of eight children, James Martineau was born in Norwich, England, where his father Thomas (1764--1826) was a cloth manufacturer and merchant.	James Martineau	Norwich
place of birth	The childhood and adolescence of Boris Eikhenbaum were spent in Voronezh.	Boris Eikhenbaum	Voronezh
place of birth	Paul Sanasardo was born in Chicago, Illinois to a Sicilian family from Palermo, Italy.	Paul Sanasardo	Chicago
place of birth	Giorgio Parisi received his degree from the University of Rome La Sapienza in 1970 under the supervision of Nicola Cabibbo.	Giorgio Parisi	Rome
place of birth	Emmanuel Amunike (often misspelled Amuneke; born 25 December 1970 in Eze Obodo) is a Nigerian retired footballer who played as a left winger, and a current coach.	Emmanuel Amunike	Obodo
place of birth	Friedrich Groos (23 April 1768 -- 15 June 1852) was a German physician and philosopher born in Karlsruhe.	Friedrich Groos	Karlsruhe
place of birth	Salah Assad (Arabic: صالح عصاد‎; born 10 June 1958 in Larbaâ Nath Irathen) is a former Algerian football striker and manager.	Salah Assad	Larbaâ Nath Irathen
place of birth	Sergey Anatolyevitch Torop (Russian: Серге́й Анатольевич Тороп, Sergej Anatolʹevič Torop; born January 14, 1961 in Krasnodar, Russian SFSR), known by his followers as Vissarion (Виссарион), is a Russian mystic and sect leader.	Vissarion	Krasnodar
place of birth	Ethan Allen was born in Litchfield, Connecticut, the first-born child of Joseph and Mary Baker Allen, both of English and Puritan descent.	Ethan Allen	Litchfield
place of birth	John Lawrence Angel (1915--1986) was a British-American biological anthropologist born on 21 March 1915 in London.	John Lawrence Angel	London
place of birth	Leon Bankoff (December 13, 1908 -- February 16, 1997), born in New York City, New York, was an American dentist and mathematician.	Leon Bankoff	New York City
place of birth	Bernhard Hoëcker ((ˈhoːʔɛkɐ); born 20 March 1970 in Neustadt an der Weinstraße) is a German comedian and actor.	Bernhard Hoëcker	Neustadt an der Weinstraße
place of birth	Slim Thug grew up in Houston's Northside neighborhood of Homestead/Scenic Woods.	Slim Thug	Houston
place of birth	A native of Florence, South Carolina, Travis Hunter is the author of seven novels of urban fiction.	Travis Hunter	Florence
place of birth	Massunguna Alex Afonso (born May 1, 1986 in Benguela), better known as Dani Massunguna is an Angolan football Defender who currently plays for Primeiro de Agosto.	Dani Massunguna	Benguela
place of birth	Holly Near (born June 6, 1949 in Ukiah, California) is an American singer-songwriter, actor, teacher, and activist.	Holly Near	Ukiah
place of birth	Caleb Lyon (December 7, 1822 Greig, New York -- September 8, 1875 Staten Island, New York) was Governor of Idaho Territory from 1864 to 1865 during the last half of the American Civil War.	Caleb Lyon	Greig, New York
place of birth	Rocca was disappointed to arrive to Dublin to discover that Glasgow Celtic's representative, Johnny Paton, had stepped in and topped United's offer and brought Benny Gaughran to Glasgow after tentative terms were agreed on.	Benny Gaughran	Dublin
place of birth	Lilly Martin Spencer was born in Exeter, England to French-born parents Gilles Marie Martin and Angelique Perrine LePetit Martin.	Lilly Martin Spencer	Exeter
place of birth	Marten Yorgantz (born 24 June 1946 in Istanbul) is a popular French-Armenian singer and composer.	Marten Yorgantz	Istanbul
place of birth	Arator was a sixth-century Christian poet from Liguria in northwestern Italy.	Arator	Liguria
place of birth	Barbara Keiler (born April 7, 1953 in New York, United States), known more widely by her pseudonym Judith Arnold, is a best-selling American author of crime fiction and over eighty-five romance novels.	Judith Arnold	New York
place of birth	Ramachandra Babu was born on December 15, 1947 in Maduranthakam at Chengalpattu District, Tamil Nadu.	Ramachandra Babu	Maduranthakam
place of birth	Robert Weimar (13 May 1932 in Cologne -- 28 February 2013) was a German professor of law and psychologist.	Robert Weimar	Cologne
place of birth	Giada Di Miceli (born 18 January 1986 in Rome) is an Italian television presenter and radio personality.	Giada Di Miceli	Rome
place of birth	Lynne Randell was born as Lynne Randall in Liverpool, England in 1949 and had started primary school.	Lynne Randell	Liverpool
place of birth	Joel D. Heck was born in Seward, Nebraska and raised in a pastor's family in Nebraska, South Dakota, Iowa, and Wisconsin.	Joel D. Heck	Seward
place of birth	Hank Steinberg was born on November 19, 1969, in Manhasset, New York, and raised in Great Neck, New York.	Hank Steinberg	Great Neck
place of birth	Gordon Chisholm (born 8 April 1960 in Glasgow) is a Scottish professional football former player and manager.	Gordon Chisholm	Glasgow
place of birth	Svetlana Gounkina (Russian: Светлана Александровна Гунькина, born 1 April 1980 in Moscow) is a Russian golfer.	Svetlana Gounkina	Moscow
place of birth	Alexander Tschirch (17 October 1856 - 2 December 1939) was a German-Swiss pharmacist born in Guben.	Alexander Tschirch	Guben
place of birth	Bernard Barillot (born 4 October 1949 in Carcassonne, Aude), is a French painter and calligraphist.	Bernard Barillot	Carcassonne
place of birth	Felice Cavaliere (born January 23, 1981 in Tivoli) is an Italian professional football player who is currently unattached.	Felice Cavaliere	Tivoli
place of birth	The only son of Gopal Chandra Bhuyan and Dalimi Bhuyan, Nakul Chandra Bhuyan was born in 1895 in Charing, Sibsagar District of Assam.	Nakul Chandra Bhuyan	Assam
place of birth	Antoinette Louw (born 9 May 1975, Pretoria) is a South African actress, best known for her role as ``Inge'', the manager of the boutique in the popular South African soap opera 7de Laan.	Antoinette Louw	Pretoria
place of birth	Yoram Danziger (Hebrew: יורם דנציגר‎, born 1953) is a Justice of the Supreme Court of Israel, appointed to the Court in 2007.	Yoram Danziger	Israel
place of birth	Toni Matičevski (Macedonian: Тони Матичевски) (1977-) is a Melbourne-based fashion designer.	Toni Matičevski	Melbourne
place of birth	Daniel Best (born March 20, 1838 in Tuscarawas County, Ohio, died Aug. 22, 1923 in Oakland, CA) was an American adventurer, inventor, and entrepreneur known for pioneering agriculture machinery and heavy machinery.	Daniel Best	Tuscarawas County
place of birth	Mohammad Hassan Rahnavardi (Persian: محمد حسن رهنوردی‎‎, born 1927 in Tabriz) is an Iranian physician, politician and former weightlifter.	Hassan Rahnavardi	Tabriz
place of birth	The inscription on the tomb of William Knibb at Kettering	William Knibb	Kettering
place of birth	Mohammed Tamim (in Arabic: محمد تمبم) is an architect, researcher in development economics, and Moroccan francophone writer born in 1958 in Casablanca.	Mohammed Tamim	Casablanca
place of birth	Carl Friedrich Gauss was born on 30 April 1777 in Brunswick (Braunschweig), in the Duchy of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel (now part of Lower Saxony, Germany), as the son of poor working-class parents.	Carl Friedrich Gauss	Braunschweig
place of birth	Constantin Sava (born 3 April 1973 in Buzău), known simply as DJ Sava, is a Romanian electronic musician, DJ and record producer of electronic dance music.	DJ Sava	Buzău
place of birth	Heinrich Schweiger (July 23, 1931, Vienna -- July 14, 2009) was a Viennese film and stage actor who played leading roles at the Burgtheater on the Ring beginning in 1949.	Heinrich Schweiger	Vienna
place of birth	Thomas Rayner Dawson (28 November 1889 Leeds -- 16 December 1951) was an English chess problemist and is acknowledged as ``the father of Fairy Chess''.	Thomas Rayner Dawson	Leeds
place of birth	Robbie Bina, a native of Grand Forks, attended the University of North Dakota from 2003 to 2008.	Robbie Bina	Grand Forks
place of birth	Andrés Torres Queiruga (born 1940 in Aguiño, Ribeira, Galicia) is a Galician theologian, writer and translator.	Andrés Torres Queiruga	Ribeira
place of birth	Tengku Zainab binti Tengku Sri Utama Raja Muhammad Petra bin Tengku Petra Semerak Ibni Sultan Ahmad of Kelantan (1917-1993) was the former Raja Perempuan of Kelantan.	Tengku Zainab	Kelantan
place of birth	Peggy Hyland (neé Gladys Hutchinson) (11 June 1884 -- ?) was an English silent film actress who was born in Harborne, Birmingham, Warwickshire.	Peggy Hyland	Harborne
place of birth	José Júlio de Souza Pinto (15 September 1856, Angra do Heroísmo - 14 April 1939, Pont-Scorff) was a Portuguese painter in the Naturalist style.	José Júlio de Souza Pinto	Angra do Heroísmo
place of birth	Nico Fidenco (artistic name Domenico Colarossi; born January 24, 1933, in Rome) is an Italian singer who gained considerable popularity from 1960 onwards, after the release of the film What a sky (Italian: Su nel cielo, taken from the film of Francesco Maselli Silver Spoon Set).	Nico Fidenco	Rome
place of birth	Gaetano Matteo Pisoni (July 18, 1713 -- March 4, 1782) was an Italian architect born at Ascona, who worked in a somewhat chilly academic Late Baroque manner that lies on the cusp of the latest Baroque classicising manner and Neoclassical architecture.	Gaetano Matteo Pisoni	Ascona
place of birth	Riccardo Gabbiadini (born 11 March 1970, Newport, Monmouthshire) is a Welsh-born English former footballer.	Riccardo Gabbiadini	Newport
place of birth	Idavela Babu was born to late V. Raman (Retd. Administrative Assistant Kerala Police Dept) and Santha Raman (Retd.Music Teacher, Govt High School) on 11 August 1963 at Irinjalakuda in Thrissur District of Kerala.	Idavela Babu	Irinjalakuda
place of birth	Francesco Gostoli (born 1946, Rome) is an Italian architect.	Francesco Gostoli	Rome
place of birth	Julie Legrand (born in Pitlochry, Scotland) is a British television, film, and stage actress best known for her role as Jeanette Dunkley on Footballers' Wives and Footballers' Wives:	Julie Legrand	Pitlochry
place of birth	Luiz Carlos Azenha (Bauru, 1958) is a Brazilian blogger and journalist.	Luiz Carlos Azenha	Bauru
place of birth	Barış Falay was born in Edremit, Balıkesir Province and graduated in theatre from Ankara University.	Barış Falay	Balıkesir
place of birth	Luciano Gallet (June 28, 1893 Rio de Janeiro - October 29, 1931 Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian composer, conductor and pianist.	Luciano Gallet	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	William Stanley Baker was born in Ferndale, Rhondda Valley, Glamorgan, Wales, the youngest of three children.	Stanley Baker	Wales
place of birth	Born in Piacenza, daughter of a drummer, Fiordaliso approached music at young age studying voice and piano.	Fiordaliso	Piacenza
place of birth	Carl Wentzel-Teutschenthal (9 December 1875 -- 20 December 1944) was a German farmer and agricultural contractor.	Carl Wentzel	Teutschenthal
place of birth	Yves Morvan (French:iv moʁɑ̃; born January 13, 1932 in Uzel) is a French archaeologist, specialist of the romanesque art and of the iconography of Blaise Pascal.	Yves Morvan	Uzel
place of birth	Ben Lucien Burman (December 12, 1896 -- November 12, 1984) was an American author and journalist born in Covington, Kentucky.	Ben Lucien Burman	Kentucky
place of birth	Hiralal Shastri was born at Jobner in Jaipur District in a peasant family.	Hiralal Shastri	Jobner
place of birth	Zdzisław Szubski (born January 26, 1958 in Grudziądz) is a Polish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Zdzisław Szubski	Grudziądz
place of birth	Anselm Tupper was born in Easton, Massachusetts on October 11, 1763 and grew up to the age of eleven in Chesterfield in western Massachusetts.	Anselm Tupper	Easton
place of birth	Ahmed Khalil Sebait Mubarak Al-Junaibi (Arabic: أحمد خليل‎; born 8 June 1991 in Sharjah), is an Emirati footballer.	Ahmed Khalil	Sharjah
place of birth	Antonio Bardellino (San Cipriano d'Aversa, May 4, 1945 -- Armação dos Búzios, May 26, 1988) was a powerful Neapolitan Camorrista and boss of the Casalesi clan, having a prominent role in the organized crime in the province of Caserta during the 1980s.	Antonio Bardellino	San Cipriano d'Aversa
place of birth	Granville Oral Roberts was born on January 24, 1918, in Pontotoc County, Oklahoma, the fifth and youngest child of the Reverend Ellis Melvin Roberts and Claudius Priscilla Roberts (née Irwin) (d. 1974).	Oral Roberts	Pontotoc County
place of birth	Joan Guillem Truyols Mascaró (born 11 November 1989 in Palma, Majorca, Balearic Islands) is a Spanish footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca as a left back.	Joan Guillem Truyols	Palma
place of birth	Kari Jobe was born in Waco, Texas to parents Mark and Caroline ``Sandy'' (née Bragg) Jobe and was raised in Watauga, Texas and Hurst, Texas.	Kari Jobe	Waco
place of birth	Seyssel was born in Aix-les-Bains as the bastard son of Claude de Seyssell, marshall of Savoy.	Claude de Seyssel	Aix-les-Bains
place of birth	Henry Kent Mitchell II (born March 29, 1939 in Albany, New York), generally known as Kent Mitchell, is an American coxswain, competition rower and Olympic champion.	Kent Mitchell	Albany
place of birth	19-year-old Paul Clough was promoted from the Academy set-up to the first-team squad for the 2006 season and was officially announced as a squad member for 2007's Super League XII. Paul Clough is perhaps a victim of St Helens success with their Treble winning season in 2006.	Paul Clough	St Helens
place of birth	Joseph Boakai was born on 30 November 1944 in Worsonga, Foya District, Lofa County to illiterate parents.	Joseph Boakai	Foya District
place of birth	Horst Bernhardt (born 26 January 1951 in Leipzig, Saxony) is an East German bobsledder who competed in the late 1970s.	Horst Bernhardt	Leipzig
place of birth	Adriaen Honich (1643, Dordrecht -- c.1684), was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter.	Adriaen Honich	Dordrecht
place of birth	Born in Parowan, Utah, Alma Richards was an eighth grade farm boy who decided to stop school and explore the world.	Alma Richards	Parowan
place of birth	Jim Chim Sui-man (Chinese: 詹瑞文; pinyin: Zhān Ruìwén; born 1965) is a Hong Kong-based stage actor and comedian.	Jim Chim	Hong Kong
place of birth	César Eduardo González Amais (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsesaɾ eˈðwarðo ɣonˈsales); born 1 October 1982 in Maturín) is a Venezuelan football midfielder.	César Eduardo González	Maturín
place of birth	Emile Jansen (born 21 November 1959, in Apeldoorn) is a Dutch television, film and theatre actor.	Emile Jansen	Apeldoorn
place of birth	Truls Ove Karlsen (born 25 April 1975 in Oslo) is a retired Norwegian alpine skier.	Truls Ove Karlsen	Oslo
place of birth	Alexandre Pierre Freslon was born in La Flèche, Sarthe, on 11 May 1808 to a family of farmers.	Alexandre Pierre Freslon	La Flèche
place of birth	Bill Crothers (William Frederick Crothers; born December 24, 1940 in Markham, Ontario) is a retired Canadian athlete.	Bill Crothers	Markham
place of birth	Daniel Arsham (born 1980 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a contemporary American artist raised in Miami, Florida.	Daniel Arsham	Cleveland
place of birth	Baya Rahouli (Arabic: باية رحولي‎, born July 27, 1979 in Bab El Oued, Algiers) is an Algerian athlete who competes in the triple jump.	Baya Rahouli	Bab El Oued
place of birth	Adrian Dunbar (born 1 August 1958) is an actor and director from Northern Ireland, best known for his television and theatre work.	Adrian Dunbar	Northern Ireland
place of birth	Stephan Bodzin (born 4 August 1969 in Bremen) is a German DJ, techno-producer and label owner.	Stephan Bodzin	Bremen
place of birth	Albert Weinert American sculptor (June 13, 1863 - November 29, 1947) Born in Leipzig, Germany, Weinert attended the Royal Academy there and then the École des Beaux-Arts in Brussels, Belgium.	Albert Weinert	Leipzig
place of birth	Callum Lloyd (born 1 January 1986, in Nottingham) is an English footballer currently playing for Hucknall Town.	Callum Lloyd	Nottingham
place of birth	Bart Swings (born 12 February 1991 in Herent) is a Belgian long track speed skater and multiple European and world champion inline speed skater.	Bart Swings	Herent
place of birth	Zdeněk Kutlák (born February 13, 1980 in České Budějovice, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey defender who currently plays for EC Red Bull Salzburg in Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Zdeněk Kutlák	České Budějovice
place of birth	Eva Nogales (b. Madrid, Spain) is a biophysicist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.	Eva Nogales	Madrid
place of birth	Jonas Plass (born 1 August 1986 in Bamberg) is a German athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 46.00 seconds over the 400 metres.	Jonas Plass	Bamberg
place of birth	Robert Endeacott (born 1 April 1965) is an English author, best known for his books about Leeds United, avid supporters and disaffected young men.	Robert Endeacott	Leeds
place of birth	Frédéric Chassot (born 31 March 1969 in Montagny, Fribourg) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a striker during the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.	Frédéric Chassot	Montagny
place of birth	Csaba Hüttner (born January 20, 1971 in Budapest) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1990s to the mid-2000s.	Csaba Hüttner	Budapest
place of birth	Jishnu was born in Kannur to Malayalam film actor Raghavan and Sobha.	Jishnu	Kannur
place of birth	Born in Jersey City, New Jersey, Victor Kilian began his career in entertainment at the age of eighteen by joining a vaudeville company.	Victor Kilian	Jersey City
place of birth	Melissa Bank (born in 1961 in Philadelphia) is an American author.	Melissa Bank	Philadelphia
place of birth	Normunds Pūpols (born 5 October 1984 in Ventspils) is a Latvian high jumper.	Normunds Pūpols	Ventspils
place of birth	Boris Carmi (1 January 1914, Moscow, as Boris Winograd - 18 September 2002, Tel Aviv) was a Russian-born Israeli photographer.	Boris Carmi	Moscow
place of birth	Major Alexander Rolls (18 July 1818 -- 22 April 1882) was a native of Swansea, Glamorganshire, Wales.	Alexander Rolls	Swansea
place of birth	Pär Stenbäck (born 1941 in Porvoo) is a Finnish politician and debater.	Pär Stenbäck	Porvoo
place of birth	Joan Rendell MBE (1921, Plymouth, Devon -- 2010 Yeolmbridge, Cornwall) was an English historian, writer and phillumenist.	Joan Rendell	Plymouth
place of birth	Ralf Haber (born 18 August 1962, in Altenburg, Thuringia) is a retired East German hammer thrower.	Ralf Haber	Altenburg
place of birth	Stanko Mršić (born 12 September 1955 in Imotski) is a Croatian football manager and a former player.	Stanko Mršić	Imotski
place of birth	Sheyla Tadeo (born Sheyla Osiris Tadeo Bringas on April 3, 1973, Culiacán, Sinaloa) is a Mexican actress, comedienne and singer, best known for her appearances on Televisa's various television series.	Sheyla Tadeo	Culiacán
place of birth	Aldo Angoula (born 4 May 1981 in Le Havre) is a French football Defender currently playing for French Ligue 2 side Évian Thonon Gaillard FC.	Aldo Angoula	Le Havre
place of birth	Behnam Seraj (Persian: بهنام سراج‎‎) (born June 19, 1971 in Abadan) is a retired Iranian football player and the current coach of Be'sat .	Behnam Seraj	Abadan
place of birth	One of eleven children of German émigrés Leopold and Barbara Schlager Stoeckel, Gustav Stickley was born Gustavus Stoeckel on March 9, 1858, in Osceola, Wisconsin.	Gustav Stickley	Osceola
place of birth	Rotimi was born in Maplewood, New Jersey, to Nigerian parents -- his father an investment banker and his mother working for the government.	Rotimi	Maplewood
place of birth	Robert Coin (1901--1988) was a French sculptor and engraver, born in Saint-Quentin on 17 December 1901.	Robert Coin	Saint-Quentin
place of birth	Graeme Shinnie (born 4 August 1991) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Aberdeen, as a left back.	Graeme Shinnie	Aberdeen
place of birth	Monica De Coninck (Ostend, 21 March 1956) is a Flemish politician for the left-wing Socialistische Partij Anders (sp.a) party.	Monica De Coninck	Ostend
place of birth	Serena Grandi (born 23 March 1958 in Bologna) is an Italian actress, famous as an icon and sex symbol in Italian cinema of the 1980s and 1990s.	Serena Grandi	Bologna
place of birth	John III of Rietberg (1566, Aurich -- 23 January 1625, Rietberg) was a member of the Cirksena family.	John III of Rietberg	Aurich
place of birth	Jean Chérasse (born November 26, 1932 in Issoire) is a French film director, film writer, and film producer.	Jean Chérasse	Issoire
place of birth	Hsissen was born at 15 rue Monthabor in the Casbah of Algiers to a modest family, originally from Maâtkas (Tizi Ouzou Province).	Hsissen	Algiers
place of birth	Samart Payakaroon, real name Samart Tiptarmai (born 5 December 1962 in Chachoengsao Province), is a Muay Thai boxer.	Samart Payakaroon	Chachoengsao
place of birth	Robert J. Wicks (born August 2, 1946 in Queens, New York) is a clinical psychologist and leading writer about the intersection of spirituality and psychology.	Robert J. Wicks	Queens
place of birth	Wil Hodgson (born 1978 in Bath) is an English comedian.	Wil Hodgson	Bath
place of birth	Jean-Loup Baer received the Diplome d'Ingénieur in Electrical Engineering and the Doctorat 3e cycle in Computer Science from the University of Grenoble (France) and the Ph.D. from UCLA in 1968 under the supervision of Gerald Estrin.	Jean-Loup Baer	France
place of birth	Kurt Rosenkranz (born on August 2, 1927, in Vienna) is an Austrian adult educator.	Kurt Rosenkranz	Vienna
place of birth	Ellen Browning Scripps was born on October 18, 1836, on South Molton St in St. George Parish, London.	Ellen Browning Scripps	London
place of birth	Luke Hochevar was born in Denver, Colorado, raised in Wiley, Colorado, and later moved to Fowler, Colorado, with parents Brian and Carmen Hochevar along with one brother and one sister.	Luke Hochevar	Denver
place of birth	Damiën Hertog (born 1974-12-03 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who played for Excelsior Rotterdam before retiring in 2008.	Damiën Hertog	Rotterdam
place of birth	Dick Holler (born Richard Louis Holler, October 16, 1934 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a songwriter, pianist and performer.	Dick Holler	Indianapolis
place of birth	Amar Rouaï (born March 3, 1932 in Sétif) is a former Algerian international football player and manager.	Amar Rouaï	Sétif
place of birth	Michael Lawrence Tyler (born September 22, 1970), better known by his stage name Mystikal, is an American rapper and actor from New Orleans.	Mystikal	New Orleans
place of birth	Johanna Kern was born in Poland, where she studied Fine Arts at the Visual Arts College, Kielce.	Johanna Kern	Poland
place of birth	Ferdinand Adolf Kehrer (February 16, 1837 -- June 16, 1914) was a German gynecologist who was a native of Guntersblum in Rhenish Hesse.	Ferdinand Adolf Kehrer	Guntersblum
place of birth	John Fastolf was the son of a Norfolk gentleman, Sir John Fastolf of Caister-on-Sea.	John Fastolf	Norfolk
place of birth	Igor Rivin (born 1961 in Moscow, USSR) is a Russian-Canadian mathematician, working in various fields of pure and applied mathematics, computer science, and materials science.	Igor Rivin	Moscow
place of birth	Jaroslav Bába (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaroslaf ˈbaːba)) (born 2 September 1984 in Karviná, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech high jumper.	Jaroslav Bába	Karviná
place of birth	Jeremy Hammond (born January 8, 1985) is a political activist and computer hacker from Chicago.	Jeremy Hammond	Chicago
place of birth	Clemens J. Setz, born 15 November 1982 in Graz, is an Austrian writer and translator.	Clemens J. Setz	Graz
place of birth	Ludovic Martin (born March 17, 1976 in Mantes-la-Jolie) is a retired French cyclist.	Ludovic Martin	Mantes-la-Jolie
place of birth	Lee Meredith (b. October 22, 1947, River Edge, New Jersey) is an American actress.	Lee Meredith	River Edge, New Jersey
place of birth	Catherine Calvert as she was known on the screen was born in Baltimore, Maryland.	Catherine Calvert	Baltimore
place of birth	Kaylin Richardson followed her older brothers into ski racing while growing up in the Minneapolis area.	Kaylin Richardson	Minneapolis
place of birth	Henry Baynton (23 September 1892 in Warwick, Warwickshire, England -- 2 January 1951 in London) was a British Shakespearean actor and actor-manager of the early 20th century.	Henry Baynton	Warwick
place of birth	Jael de Pardo is an American television actress born in Colombia.	Jael de Pardo	Colombia
place of birth	Lee McBee (March 23, 1951 -- June 24, 2014) was an American electric blues musician, singer and harmonica player from Kansas City, Missouri.	Lee McBee	Kansas City
place of birth	Marie Ortal Malka better known as Ortal or Ortal Malka is a singer, born in Israel of Berber and Andalusian origins.	Marie Ortal Malka	Israel
place of birth	Robyn Davidson was born at Stanley Park, a cattle station in Miles, Queensland, the second of two girls.	Robyn Davidson	Miles, Queensland
place of birth	Gianpaolo Dozzo (Quinto di Treviso, 2 October 1954) is a Venetist politician and leading member of the Liga Veneta--	Gianpaolo Dozzo	Quinto di Treviso
place of birth	Stewart Farrar was born at his family home of 239 Winchester Road, Highams Park, Essex during the First World War, and as such his father was away serving in the British army, stationed in Salonika in Greece.	Stewart Farrar	Highams Park
place of birth	Liam Kearney (Irish: Liam Ó Cearnaigh; born 10 January 1983, Republic of Ireland), nicknamed ``The Conna Maradona'', is an Irish professional footballer currently playing for Cork City in the League of Ireland.	Liam Kearney	Conna
place of birth	Mirco Reseg (October 28, 1972 in Düsseldorf) is a German actor and comedian.	Mirco Reseg	Düsseldorf
place of birth	Andrew Goodman was born and raised on the Upper West Side of New York City, at 161 West 86 Street.	Andrew Goodman	New York City
place of birth	Nataša Dorčić (born 9 June 1968 in Rijeka) is a Croatian theatre, film and television actress.	Nataša Dorčić	Rijeka
place of birth	Calvin Levels (born September 30, 1954 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American film actor.	Calvin Levels	Cleveland
place of birth	Milan Janković (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Јанковић, born 23 November 1950 in Veliko Gradište, SFR Yugoslavia now Serbia), most known as Philip Zepter (Serbian: Филип Цептер / Filip Zepter) is an international businessman and entrepreneur of Serbian origin.	Philip Zepter	Veliko Gradište
place of birth	Ingrid Chauvin was born on 3 October 1973 in Argenteuil in the department of Val-d'Oise, to a lifeguard father and a watercolor painter and documentalist mother.	Ingrid Chauvin	Argenteuil
place of birth	Vartkes Serengülian (Armenian: Վարդգես Սերենգյուլյան; also known as Hovhannes Armenian: Հովհաննես or Gisak) (1871, Erzurum -- 1915, Urfa), was an Armenian political and social activist, member of Ottoman Parliament.	Vartkes Serengülian	Erzurum
place of birth	Richmal Crompton Lamburn was born in Bury, Lancashire, the second child of the Rev. Edward John Sewell Lamburn, a Classics master at Bury Grammar School and his wife Clara (née Crompton).	Richmal Crompton	Bury
place of birth	Lashinda Demus (born March 10, 1983 in Inglewood, California) is an American hurdler who specializes in the 400 meter hurdles, an event in which she was the 2011 world champion and 2012 Olympic silver medalist.	Lashinda Demus	Inglewood
place of birth	Per Erik Wallqvist (7 September 1797 in Stockholm, -- 16 February 1855, was a Swedish ballet dancer and ballet master. Wallqvist was the ballet master of the Royal Swedish Ballet at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm between 1827 and 1833.	Per Erik Wallqvist	Stockholm
place of birth	Una Merkel was born in Covington, Kentucky, but in her early childhood, she lived in many of the Southern states due to her father's job as a traveling salesman.	Una Merkel	Kentucky
place of birth	Helga de la Brache, née Aurora Florentina Magnusson, (6 September 1817 in Stockholm -- 11 January 1885 in Stockholm), was a Swedish con artist.	Helga de la Brache	Stockholm
place of birth	Wesley Deenen (born 24 July 1993, in Venray) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a Winger.	Wesley Deenen	Venray
place of birth	Elizabeth Calvert (1731 -- 1788) was the daughter of Maryland Governor Captain Charles Calvert and Rebecca Gerard, and a wealthy heiress in colonial Maryland.	Elizabeth Calvert	Maryland
place of birth	Roman Toi (born 18 June 1916 in Kõo Parish, Estonia) is an Estonian composer, choir conductor, and organist.	Roman Toi	Kõo Parish
place of birth	Sarah Nile (born October 10, 1985 in Naples) is an Italian model, showgirl and reality television personality.	Sarah Nile	Naples
place of birth	Arthur Moses (born 3 March 1973 in Accra) is a former Ghanaian football player who is currently the owner and vice-president of Bechem Chelsea.	Arthur Moses	Accra
place of birth	Bambi Linn (born Bambina Linnemeier on April 26, 1926 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American dancer, choreographer, and actress.	Bambi Linn	Brooklyn
place of birth	Ernesto Paulo Ferreira Calainho known as Ernesto Paulo (born 2 February 1954 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian professional football manager.	Ernesto Paulo	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Fabrizio Castori (born on July 11, 1954 in San Severino Marche, Province of Macerata) is an Italian football coach currently in charge of Serie A side Carpi.	Fabrizio Castori	San Severino Marche
place of birth	Phil Napoleon (2 September 1901 -- 1 October 1990), born Filippo Napoli, was an early jazz trumpeter and bandleader born in Boston, Massachusetts.	Phil Napoleon	Boston
place of birth	Peter Ratcliffe came originally from Salford, Greater Manchester.	Peter Ratcliffe	Salford
place of birth	Tan Wangsong (simplified Chinese: 谭望嵩; traditional Chinese: 譚望嵩; pinyin: Tán Wàngsōng; born December 19, 1985 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a Chinese footballer who is a fullback for Chongqing Lifan in the Chinese Super League.	Tan Wangsong	Chengdu
place of birth	Mikko Hirvonen (born 31 July 1980, Kannonkoski) is a Finnish former rally driver who drove in the World Rally Championship.	Mikko Hirvonen	Kannonkoski
place of birth	Yuri Otkupshchikov (Russian: Юрий Владимирович Откупщиков; 29 August 1924, Kazan -- 25 September 2010, St. Petersburg; also spelled Otkupscikov, Otkupsikov, Otkupschikov, Otkupschtschikov) was a Soviet and Russian philologist and linguist.	Yuri Otkupshchikov	Kazan
place of birth	Mangesh Hadawale was born in Rajuri village in Junnar, Maharashtra in a farming family.	Mangesh Hadawale	Junnar
place of birth	Bettina Köster (born 15 June 1959 in Herford) is a German musician, saxophonist, composer, singer, songwriter and producer.	Bettina Köster	Herford
place of birth	Paul Schuyt (born 1957, Heemskerk) is a Dutch businessman and IT entrepreneur who is best known for business accomplishments and long-term career in Logica, the second largest IT provider in Europe where he spent over 23 years.	Paul Schuyt	Heemskerk
place of birth	Ingeborg Fülepp, born in (Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian artist, university teacher, curator and film editor.	Ingeborg Fülepp	Zagreb
place of birth	Simon Rastorguev (born in 1981 in the city of Yaroslavl) is a Russian architect.	Simon Rastorguev	Yaroslavl
place of birth	Ian Edmond (born 2 June 1978) is a former competitive swimmer and breaststroke specialist who represented Great Britain in the Olympics, FINA world championships, and European championships, and competed for Scotland in the Commonwealth Games.	Ian Edmond	Scotland
place of birth	Roei Zikri, (Hebrew: רועי זכרי‎; born 13 October 1992 in Herzliya) is an Israeli footballer.	Roei Zikri	Herzliya
place of birth	Daniel Grando (born 28 November 1985 in Pato Branco, Paraná) is a Brazilian striker .	Daniel Grando	Pato Branco
place of birth	Jessica Weber (born in New York City) is an American art director, graphic designer, business owner, and adjunct professor of design.	Jessica Weber	New York City
place of birth	Ibrahim Shikanda Chimwanga (born 27 August 1984 in Nairobi) is a retired Kenyan soccer player who currently works as assistant coach of Tanzanian Premier League side Azam FC.	Ibrahim Shikanda	Nairobi
place of birth	Batram Suri (born 30 November 1972) is a Solomon Islands footballer who played as either a striker or a midfielder and is currently coach for Ifira Black Bird in Vanuatu.	Batram Suri	Solomon Islands
place of birth	Mauro Staccioli (Volterra, 1937) is an Italian sculptor.	Mauro Staccioli	Volterra
place of birth	Josué Mayard (born October 3, 1980 in Montreal) is a former Haitian international soccer player who had stints in Europe.	Josué Mayard	Montreal
place of birth	Ina Weisse was born June 12, 1968 in Berlin and is the daughter of a respected architect and an art mistress, which influenced her very early to choose an artistic life journey.	Ina Weisse	Berlin
place of birth	Guo Chunquan (Chinese: 郭纯泉; born 2 January 1985 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Henan Jianye.	Guo Chunquan	Shenyang
place of birth	Anton Hubert Fischer (Antonius Fischer) (30 May 1840, in Jülich, Rhine Province -- 30 July 1912, in Neuenahr) was a Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cologne and Cardinal.	Anton Hubert Fischer	Jülich
place of birth	Richard von Helmholtz was born on 28 September 1852 in Königsberg, Prussia, the son of the physicist Hermann von Helmholtz and his first wife Olga, née von Velten.	Richard von Helmholtz	Königsberg
place of birth	Jim Butterfield was born on 14 February 1936 in Ponoka, Alberta, about one hundred kilometres south of Edmonton.	Jim Butterfield	Ponoka
place of birth	Carl Terrell Mitchell (born November 27, 1973), better known by his stage name Twista (formerly Tung Twista), is an American hip hop recording artist from Chicago, Illinois.	Twista	Chicago
place of birth	Valentina Butnaru (born 3 September 1958 in Vorniceni) is a journalist and activist from the Republic of Moldova.	Valentina Butnaru	Vorniceni
place of birth	Matt Dowling (born in Crumlin, Dublin, 1945) is an Irish head chef.	Matt Dowling	Crumlin, Dublin
place of birth	Criss Angel was born on December 19, 1967, at Hempstead General Hospital in Hempstead, on Long Island, New York.	Criss Angel	Long Island
place of birth	Antonin Koutouan, or simply Tony (born 11 November 1983 in Abidjan) is a football striker who plays for United Arab Emirates club Baniyas.	Antonin Koutouan	Abidjan
place of birth	Colin Jost was born and raised on Staten Island in New York.	Colin Jost	Staten Island
place of birth	Jussi Pesonen (born November 24, 1960 in Helsinki) is the president and chief executive officer of the Finnish pulp, paper and timber company UPM since 2004.	Jussi Pesonen	Helsinki
place of birth	Rafael Feldman is an actor born in Dublin, Ireland and now living in Hollywood, California.	Rafael Feldman	Dublin
place of birth	Karl Georg Theodor Kotschy (15 April 1813 -- 11 June 1866) was an Austrian botanist and explorer who was a native of Ustroń, in Austrian Silesia.	Theodor Kotschy	Ustroń
place of birth	Wilhelm Herz (18 January 1912, Lampertheim, Grand Duchy of Hesse -- 5 January 1998) was a motorbike racer and land speed racer.	Wilhelm Herz	Lampertheim
place of birth	Michelle Embree (born April 23, 1972) is an American novelist and dramatist originally from St. Louis, Missouri.	Michelle Embree	St. Louis
place of birth	Joseph Li Shan (Chinese: 李山; pinyin: Lǐ Shān; born March 1965 in Daxing District, Beijing) is the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Beijing, China.	Joseph Li Shan	Beijing
place of birth	Friedrich Wilhelm Scanzoni von Lichtenfels (21 December 1821 -- 12 June 1891) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician born in Prague, in the Austrian Empire.	Friedrich Wilhelm Scanzoni von Lichtenfels	Prague
place of birth	Albert Hertzog (4 July 1899, Bloemfontein -- 5 November 1982, Pretoria) was a South African politician and founder of the Herstigte Nasionale Party.	Albert Hertzog	Bloemfontein
place of birth	Bond Gideon is a United States actress, born in Corpus Christi, Texas.	Bond Gideon	Corpus Christi
place of birth	Risto Ryti was born in Huittinen, Satakunta, one of seven sons.	Risto Ryti	Huittinen
place of birth	Andreas Ottensamer (born 4 April 1989 in Vienna) is an Austrian clarinetist and is the principal clarinetist of the Berlin Philharmonic.	Andreas Ottensamer	Vienna
place of birth	Ahmed Reda Madouni (Arabic: أحمد رضا مادوني‎) (born 4 October 1980, in Casablanca, Morocco) is an Algerian footballer who is currently a free agent.	Ahmed Reda Madouni	Casablanca
place of birth	Orazio Bassani ``Orazio della Viola'' (Cento, Ferrara before 1570 - Parma 1615) was an Italian viola-da-gambist.	Orazio Bassani	Cento
place of birth	Philip Saville (sometimes credited as Philip Savile, born 28 October 1930, London) is a British television director and screenwriter whose career dates to the late 1950s.	Philip Saville	London
place of birth	Marcin Masecki (born 1982 in Warsaw) is an avant garde pianist.	Marcin Masecki	Warsaw
place of birth	Isidor Sârbu was born in the village of Corjova (Dubăsari District) of the Russian Empire.	Isidor Sârbu	Corjova (Dubăsari
place of birth	Gilbert Koomson, (born September 9, 1994), in Accra, Ghana is a Ghanaian football player.	Gilbert Koomson	Accra
place of birth	Martin Dobson, popularly known as ``Sir Dobbo'', was born on 14 February 1948 in Rishton, Lancashire, England.	Martin Dobson	Rishton
place of birth	Reedus was born in Hollywood, Florida, and is the elder of two children born to Marianne (née Yarber) and Norman Reedus.	Norman Reedus	Hollywood
place of birth	Fabio Roscioli (Grottammare, 18 July 1965) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Fabio Roscioli	Grottammare
place of birth	William Harvey du Cros (19 June 1846 -- 21 December 1918) was a Dublin-born financier, the founder of the pneumatic tire industry based on the discovery of John Boyd Dunlop, a Scots-born Belfast veterinary surgeon.	Harvey du Cros	Dublin
place of birth	Eugene Lambert (1928 -- 22 February 2010) was an Irish puppeteer and actor from County Sligo.	Eugene Lambert	County Sligo
place of birth	Hans Ulrich Klintzsch (4 November 1898 in Lübbenau - 17. August 1959) was an ex-naval lieutenant from the Erhardt Brigade who served as leader of the Oberste SA-Führer from 1921 until 11 May 1923, when he returned to his former unit and ceded control to Hermann Göring.	Hans Ulrich Klintzsch	Lübbenau
place of birth	Richard A. Kidd (born June 24, 1943, Morehead, Kentucky) was the ninth Sergeant Major of the Army.	Richard A. Kidd	Kentucky
place of birth	Mathieu Heijboer (born February 4, 1982 in Dordrecht) is a Dutch professional road bicycle racer who is currently a free agent.	Mathieu Heijboer	Dordrecht
place of birth	Michael Buskermolen (born 2 March 1972 in Leimuiden) is a Dutch former footballer who played for AZ for his entire professional career.	Michael Buskermolen	Leimuiden
place of birth	Klas Kärre (born January 12, 1954 in Strasbourg, France) is a Swedish immunologist.	Klas Kärre	Strasbourg
place of birth	Yang Shuo (Chinese: 杨朔; pinyin: Yáng Shuò, April 28, 1913--August 3, 1968) was a Chinese lyricist and essayist born in Penglai, Shandong, who produced over a hundred works.	Yang Shuo	Penglai
place of birth	Teodora Mirčić was born to Miomir and Draginja Mirčić in Belgrade, and also has a brother, Radovan.	Teodora Mirčić	Belgrade
place of birth	Conrad Leach (born 22 November 1965 in Canterbury, Kent) is a British artist and custom motorcycle designer.	Conrad Leach	Canterbury
place of birth	Luiz Otávio Santos de Araújo (born October 12, 1990 in Bom Jardim, Rio de Janeiro), commonly known as Tinga, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Right Winger for Suphanburi F.C..	Luiz Otávio Santos de Araújo	Bom Jardim
place of birth	Lila Lee was born Augusta Wilhelmena Fredericka Appel in Union Hill, New Jersey (now part of Union City) into a middle-class family of German immigrants who relocated to New York City when Lila was quite young.	Lila Lee	Union Hill, New Jersey
place of birth	Darq E Freaker (born Jeremiah Valentino Ntéh, 14 February 1987) is an English electronic music producer / DJ from Peckham, London, England.	Darq E Freaker	Peckham
place of birth	Marc Fein (born Marc Alan Fein October 21, 1967 in Miami, Florida) is a sports journalist, sports news anchor, and television sports studio host, formerly one of the main studio hosts for the NBA TV show, NBA Gametime Live.	Marc Fein	Miami
place of birth	Hasan and Husain Essop are twin South African Artists who live and work in Cape Town.	Hasan and Husain Essop	Cape Town
place of birth	Fred Hartsook was born on 26 October 1876 in Marion, Indiana to John Hartsook and Abbie, née Gorham.	Fred Hartsook	Marion
place of birth	Ricky King (born Hans Lingenfelder March 12, 1946 in Rastatt, Baden-Württemberg) is a German guitarist.	Ricky King	Rastatt
place of birth	Simon Yam (born 19 March 1955), also known as Yam Tat-wah (任達華), is a veteran Hong Kong-based actor and film producer.	Simon Yam	Hong Kong
place of birth	Harold Ackroyd was born on 18 July 1877 in Southport Lancashire the youngest son of Edward Ackroyd who ran a textile and tailoring business.	Harold Ackroyd	Southport
place of birth	Cosman Citroen, often recorded as C. Citroen, (born August 26 1881 in Amsterdam - died May 15 1935 in Surabaya) was a Dutch architect.	Cosman Citroen	Amsterdam
place of birth	Marc Raquil (born 2 April 1977 in Créteil) is a French runner of Martiniquais origin who competes in the 400 metres and 4x400m relay.	Marc Raquil	Créteil
place of birth	Ibn Butlan (Arabic: ابن بطلان‎; 1038, 1075) was an Arab Nestorian Christian physician who was active in Baghdad during the Islamic Golden Age.	Ibn Butlan	Baghdad
place of birth	Markus Zimmermann (born 4 September 1964 in Berchtesgaden) is a German former bobsledder who competed from 1984 to 2004.	Markus Zimmermann	Berchtesgaden
place of birth	John Louis II, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst (23 June 1688, in Dornburg -- 5 November 1746, in Zerbst), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dornburg.	John Louis II, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst	Dornburg
place of birth	Salim Djefaflia (born 9 October 1978 in Arles) is a retired French football player of Algerian descent.	Salim Djefaflia	Arles
place of birth	Wenlan Hu Frost (胡文兰/胡文蘭), who was born 1958 in Chengdu, Sichuan, China, is an American painter living in Houston, Texas.	Wenlan Hu Frost	Chengdu
place of birth	Egidius Braun (born 27 February 1925 in Breinig) was, from 1992 to 2001, the eighth president of the Deutscher Fußball-Bund (DFB, German Football Association).	Egidius Braun	Breinig
place of birth	Nicolae Iorga was a native of Botoșani, and is generally believed to have been born on January 17, 1871 (although his birth certificate has June 6).	Nicolae Iorga	Botoșani
place of birth	Lisandro Meza (El Piñal, Los Palmitos, Sucre, 26 September 1939) is a Colombian singer and accordionist.	Lisandro Meza	Los Palmitos
place of birth	Johnny Bacolas (Greek: Γιάννης Μπάkολας; classical transcription Yiannis Bacolas) born March 3, 1969, in Seattle, Washington, is a composer, musician, producer, music video director, and videographer.	Johnny Bacolas	Seattle
place of birth	Mara Maionchi (pronounced (ˈmaːra maˈjoŋki); born 22 April 1941 in Bologna) is an Italian record producer and a TV personality.	Mara Maionchi	Bologna
place of birth	Gerley Ferreira de Souza, or simply, Gerley (born September 11, 1990 in Central de Minas), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Left Back.	Gerley Ferreira de Souza	Central de Minas
place of birth	Juho Erkki Antila (1 January 1856 in Kurikka -- 10 March 1920) was a Finnish farmer and politician.	Juho Erkki Antila	Kurikka
place of birth	Emil Horozov (born 27 September 1949, Sofia) is a Bulgarian mathematician known for his work in dynamical systems theory and mathematical physics and work related to Hilbert's sixteenth problem.	Emil Horozov	Sofia
place of birth	Izaak Zwartjes (Leiden, 1974) is a Dutch artist.	Izaak Zwartjes	Leiden
place of birth	Vello Kaaristo (before 1936 Vassili Krassikov; 17 March 1911 in Narva -- 14 August 1965) was the first Estonian cross-country skier to compete in the Olympics.	Vello Kaaristo	Narva
place of birth	Emily Jones McCoy (born in Plainview, Texas) is a television anchor and reporter for FSN.	Emily Jones	Plainview
place of birth	Leandro Lessa Azevedo, (born 13 August 1980 in Ribeirão Preto), simply known as Leandro, is a Brazilian striker.	Leandro Lessa Azevedo	Ribeirão Preto
place of birth	Yaroslav Dumanskyi (Ukrainian: Ярослав Мирославович Думанський) (born August 4, 1959 in Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a retired Soviet football player.	Yaroslav Dumanskyi	Ivano-Frankivsk
place of birth	Margareta Pâslaru or Pîslaru (Romanian pronunciation: (marɡaˈreta pɨsˈlaru); born July 9, 1943 in Bucharest) is a Romanian singer, actress, composer, lyricist, TV producer, and artistic director.	Margareta Pâslaru	Bucharest
place of birth	Dimples Romana (born November 13, 1984 Dianne Marie Romana in Parañaque, Metro Manila) is a Filipina actress and commercial model.	Dimples Romana	Parañaque
place of birth	Joseph François Augustin Monneron (24 December 1756, Annonay, Ardèche -- 13 August 1826, New Orleans) was French banker and politician, as well as an active merchant in New Orleans seeking to reestablish French influence there after the Louisiana purchase.	Joseph François Augustin Monneron	Annonay
place of birth	Paul Marie Bonaparte (February 19, 1809 Canino - September 7, 1827 Nafplio) fought in the War of Independence of Greece.	Paul Marie Bonaparte	Canino
place of birth	Theodore Olson was born in Chicago and grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area in Mountain View, California.	Theodore Olson	Chicago
place of birth	Nicole Stansbury (born May 14, 1963 in Whittier, California) is an American novelist, short story and essay writer.	Nicole Stansbury	Whittier
place of birth	Jakab Marastoni, originally Jacopo Antonio Marastoni (24 March 1804, Venice, Italy - 11 July 1860, Pest) was an Italian-born Hungarian portrait painter and lithographer.	Jakab Marastoni	Venice
place of birth	Koen Daerden (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkun ˈdaːr.də(n))) (born 8 March 1982 in Tongeren) is a Belgian former footballer and currently football coach, who currently is working as sporting director for the youth or head of the youth department at Racing Genk.	Koen Daerden	Tongeren
place of birth	Yair Arrechea Amu (born 8 November 1980 in Santander de Quilichao) is a Colombian footballer that plays for Deportivo Pasto.	Yair Arrechea	Santander de Quilichao
place of birth	Frédéric Oudéa (born 3 July 1963, Paris) is Chief Executive Officer to Société Générale and is also the president of the European Banking Federation, effective 1 January 2015.	Frédéric Oudéa	Paris
place of birth	Sanvel Lau Chi Keung (Chinese: 劉志強; Jyutping: lau4 zi3 koeng4; born 7 January 1977) is a Hong Kong football player who plays for Kwai Tsing of Hong Kong Second Division League.	Lau Chi Keung	Hong Kong
place of birth	Born in Montedinove in the Province of Ascoli Piceno, Cino Del Duca played a major role in the French Resistance during the German occupation of France in World War II. His service to help liberate the country from the Nazis earned him the Croix de guerre.	Cino Del Duca	Montedinove
place of birth	Tom Sykes (born 19 August 1985 in Huddersfield, Yorkshire, England) is a motorcycle racer.	Tom Sykes	Huddersfield
place of birth	Oldřich Machala (born 4 August 1963 in Bruntál) is a Czech football coach and a former player.	Oldřich Machala	Bruntál
place of birth	Paul Bryers (born 1 August 1955 in Liverpool) is a British film director, screenwriter and fiction author.	Paul Bryers	Liverpool
place of birth	Étienne Gailly (26 November 1922, Beringen -- 3 November 1971, Genval) was a Belgian soldier and Olympic athlete who competed mainly in the Marathon.	Étienne Gailly	Beringen
place of birth	Chen Zhongliu (Chinese: 陈中流; Pinyin: Chén Zhōngliú; born 30 September 1993 in Duyun, Guizhou) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League.	Chen Zhongliu	Duyun
place of birth	Nazi Boni (December 31, 1909 in Bwan, Upper Senegal and Niger - May 16, 1969 in Kokologho, Upper Volta) was a politician from Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso).	Nazi Boni	Upper Senegal and Niger
place of birth	Beatrice Lamwaka (born and raised in Alokolum, Gulu) is a Ugandan writer.	Beatrice Lamwaka	Gulu
place of birth	Helen Bonchek Schneyer (January 10, 1921 in New York City -- July 16, 2005 in Barre, Vermont) was an American folk musician.	Helen Bonchek Schneyer	New York City
place of birth	Édouard Baldus (June 5, 1813, Grünebach, Prussia -- 1889, Arcueil) was a French landscape, architectural and railway photographer.	Édouard Baldus	Grünebach
place of birth	Ruxandra Popa (born 1987 in Ploiești) is a Romanian model and beauty queen.	Ruxandra Popa	Ploiești
place of birth	Linda Ravenscroft (born 1963 in Cheshire, England) is a self-taught artist and author best known for her paintings and drawings of fantasy subjects.	Linda Ravenscroft	Cheshire
place of birth	Daan Nieber (born in Amsterdam on November 6, 1980) is a Dutch journalist who worked for the PowNed public broadcasting association.	Daan Nieber	Amsterdam
place of birth	Georges Chastellain (c. 1405 or c. 1415 -- 20 March 1475), Burgundian chronicler and poet, was a native of Aalst in Flanders.	Georges Chastellain	Aalst
place of birth	Anne Bernays (born September 14, 1930 in New York) is an American novelist, editor, and teacher.	Anne Bernays	New York
place of birth	Joachim Ernst, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach (22 June 1583, Cölln an der Spree -- 7 March 1625, Ansbach) was a German nobleman.	Joachim Ernst, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach	Cölln
place of birth	Jock Adie (born 2 March 1930 in Windygates, Fife) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a left-back.	Jock Adie	Windygates
place of birth	Michel Dupuy, PC (born in Paris, France on January 11, 1930) is a Canadian diplomat, journalist, academic and politician.	Michel Dupuy	Paris
place of birth	Frank Terpe (born Nünchritz 10 October 1929) is a German mathematician and retired Politician (SDP/SPD).	Frank Terpe	Nünchritz
place of birth	Kate Hornsey (born 19 October 1981, in Hobart) is a retired Australian three-time world champion, dual Olympian and Olympic silver medal winning rower.	Kate Hornsey	Hobart
place of birth	Guy de Cointet was born in Paris in 1934, the son of a military officer.	Guy de Cointet	Paris
place of birth	Minna Planer was born on 5 September 1809 to a former Army trumpeter, Gotthelf Planer, in Oederan, Kingdom of Saxony.	Minna Planer	Oederan
place of birth	Francescantonio Nolè (born 9 June 1948 in Potenza) is the Archbishop of Cosenza-Bisignano from 15 May 2015.	Francescantonio Nolè	Potenza
place of birth	Victor Ponta was born in Bucharest, completing secondary studies in 1991 at the city's Ion Neculce High School.	Victor Ponta	Bucharest
place of birth	Mohamed Jassim Mahdi is an Iraqi football Midfielder who played for Iraq in the 1996 Asian Cup.	Mohamed Jassim Mahdi	Iraq
place of birth	Evan Harris was born in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, the son of South African Jewish parents (his father was a medical professor).	Evan Harris	Sheffield
place of birth	John Jairo Ulloque Pérez (born May 11, 1986 in Puerto Wilches, Santander) is a Colombian football midfield, who currently plays for Millonarios in Categoría Primera A.	John Jairo Ulloque	Puerto Wilches
place of birth	Martin Delrio was born in Antwerp on 17 May 1551, Whit Sunday, to the Spanish merchant Antonio del Río (d. 17 February 1586) and his wife Eleonora López de Villanova (d. 21 April 1602).	Martin Delrio	Antwerp
place of birth	Henry Weinhard was born in the Kingdom of Württemberg (now part of Baden-Württemberg in Germany) on February 18, 1830.	Henry Weinhard	Kingdom of Württemberg
place of birth	Brigadier General Ralph Hospital was born January 27, 1891, in Washington, D.C. He was commissioned in November 1913 as a Field Artillery officer and saw service with the 15th Cavalry Regiment during the Mexican Campaign in Douglas, Arizona and Sierra Blanca, Texas.	Ralph Hospital	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Jonathan Thiré (born 19 April 1986 in Nantes) is a French amateur road bicycle racer for Team U Nantes Atlantique.	Jonathan Thiré	Nantes
place of birth	Joseph Lewis Clark, (15 January 1949 -- May 2, 2006), was executed by the State of Ohio.	Joseph Lewis Clark	Ohio
place of birth	Flávio Almeida da Fonseca, best known as Flávio Minuano, (born on July 9, 1944 in Porto Alegre) is a former Brazilian footballer.	Flávio Minuano	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Guillaume Grand, born in 1983 in Bergerac, is a French singer and composer.	Guillaume Grand	Bergerac
place of birth	Hermann Senator (December 6, 1834 - July 14, 1911) was a German internist who was a native of Gnesen in the Prussian Province of Posen (now Gniezno, Wielkopolska, Poland).	Hermann Senator	Gniezno
place of birth	Jörg Böhme (born 22 January 1974 in Hohenmölsen) is a German former footballer who most recently was the manager of Energie Cottbus.	Jörg Böhme	Hohenmölsen
place of birth	Oscar Brashear (born August 18, 1944, Chicago, Illinois) is an American jazz trumpeter and session musician.	Oscar Brashear	Chicago
place of birth	Michael Ghebru (Amharic: ሚችሃአል ጝሀብሩ?, born 7 November 1987 in Germany) is a German-Ethiopian professional footballer.	Michael Ghebru	Germany
place of birth	Salvatore Oppes (Pozzomaggiore, 2 November 1909 -- 1987) was an Italian show jumping rider who won a silver medal at the Olympic Games.	Salvatore Oppes	Pozzomaggiore
place of birth	Jérôme Baugnies (born 1 April 1987 in Soignies) is a Belgian cyclist riding for Wanty--	Jérôme Baugnies	Soignies
place of birth	Betty Driver was born in 1920 at the Prebend Nursing Home, Leicester, the elder of two daughters of Frederick and Nellie Driver.	Betty Driver	Leicester
place of birth	Josip Seissel was born on January 10, 1904 in Krapina, then in Austria-Hungary, now Croatia.	Josip Seissel	Krapina
place of birth	Bartholomew Holzhauser was born in Laugna, into the family of Leonard and Catherine Holzhauser, who were poor, pious, and honest people.	Bartholomew Holzhauser	Laugna
place of birth	Robin Sylvester (born 1950 in Hampstead, London) is an English musician, based in San Francisco, who is best known for his ongoing work with RatDog.	Robin Sylvester	London
place of birth	John Herbert Hedley, son of Ralph Hedley and his wife Ann Dunn Hair Hedley, was born on 19 July 1887 in North Shields, Northumberland, England.	John Herbert Hedley	North Shields
place of birth	Marko Filipović (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Филиповић, born 6 August 1978 in Teslić) is a Bosnian Serb football player.	Marko Filipović	Teslić
place of birth	Tim Meadows was born in Highland Park, Michigan, the son of Mardell, a nurse's assistant, and Lathon Meadows, a janitor.	Tim Meadows	Highland Park
place of birth	Laurent Sauvagnac (born June 19, 1970 in Paris) is a French film score composer and a sound designer who graduated from the Berklee College of Music (Boston).	Laurent Sauvagnac	Paris
place of birth	She was also instrumental in establishing the Association des graveurs du Québec and contributed to the success of the Montreal alternative art cooperative, Véhicule Art. In 2015 the Nancy Petry Award was instituted.	Nancy Petry	Montreal
place of birth	Aidan McCaffery (born 30 August 1957 in Jarrow) is an English former professional footballer and football club manager.	Aidan McCaffery	Jarrow
place of birth	Emma Maria Frieda Johanna Freiin (Baroness) von Richthofen (also known as Frieda Weekley, Frieda Lawrence, and Frieda Lawrence Ravagli) was born in Metz.	Frieda Lawrence	Metz
place of birth	Alexandre Salimbeni (11 December 1867 - 1942) was an Italian physician and biologist born in Acquapendente.	Alexandre Salimbeni	Acquapendente
place of birth	Lloyd deMause, pronounced de-Moss (born September 19, 1931 in Detroit, Michigan), is an American social thinker known for his work in the field of psychohistory.	Lloyd deMause	Detroit
place of birth	Juliana Carneiro da Cunha (born January 19, 1949 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian and French actress and dancer.	Juliana Carneiro da Cunha	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Tom McNeal (born Santa Ana, California November 1947) is an American novelist and short story writer.	Tom McNeal	Santa Ana
place of death	Guillaume de Baillou (Latin: Ballonius) (1538--1616) was a French physician born in Paris.	Guillaume de Baillou	Paris
place of death	Bernat Fenollar, also Mossèn (Bernat de) Fenollar (Valencian Community, 1438 -- Valencia, 28 February 1516) was a poet, cleric and chess player from Valencia, Spain.	Bernat Fenollar	Valencia
place of death	Hans-Joachim Dönitz (born June 26, 1934 in Leipzig, Germany - died December 31, 2010 in Strausberg, Germany) was a Konteradmiral in the East German Navy (Volksmarine).	Hans-Joachim Dönitz	Strausberg
place of death	Grigorii Nikitich Gribonosov (Russian: Григо́рий Ники́тич Грибоно́сов; 5 (18) January 1902, Odessa - 30 March 1960, Moscow) was a Soviet journalist and science fiction and adventure writer, who wrote under the name Grigorii Grebnev (Григо́рий Гребнев).	Grigorii Grebnev	Moscow
place of death	Paul Carpenter Standley (1884 in Avalon, Missouri -- June 2, 1963 in Tegucigalpa, Honduras) was an American botanist.	Paul Carpenter Standley	Tegucigalpa
place of death	Adolph Hermann Friedmann (11 April 1873, Białystok -- 25 May 1957, Heidelberg) was a Polish-German philosopher and jurist, Finnish citizen from 1906.	Hermann Friedmann	Heidelberg
place of death	Raoul Auernheimer (April 15, 1876 in Vienna -- January 6, 1948 in Oakland, California) was an Austrian jurist and writer.	Raoul Auernheimer	Oakland
place of death	Lucas Friedrich Julius Dominikus von Heyden (22 May 1838, Frankfurt - 13 September 1915, Frankfurt) was a German entomologist specialising in Coleoptera beetles.	Lucas Friedrich Julius Dominikus von Heyden	Frankfurt
place of death	Lewis Caleb Beck (4 October 1798 Schenectady -- 20 April 1853 Albany, New York) was an American physician, botanist, chemist, and mineralogist.	Lewis Caleb Beck	Albany
place of death	Riccardo Freda (Alexandria, Egypt, February 24, 1909 -- Rome, Italy, December 20, 1999) was an Italian film director.	Riccardo Freda	Rome
place of death	Werner Otto von Hentig (22 May 1886, Berlin, Germany -- 8 August 1984, Lindesnes, Norway) was a German diplomat from Berlin in Persia and Afghanestan.	Werner Otto von Hentig	Lindesnes
place of death	Pope Evaristus (died c. 107 AD) is accounted as the fifth Bishop of Rome, holding office from c. 99 to his death c. 107.	Pope Evaristus	Rome
place of death	Daniel Hernández Morillo, (1 August 1856, Salcabamba District - 23 October 1932, Lima) was a Peruvian painter in the Academic style who spent most of his working life in Paris.	Daniel Hernández Morillo	Lima
place of death	Johannes Tauler OP (c. 1300 in Strasbourg -- 15 June 1361) was a German mystic, a Catholic preacher and a theologian.	Johannes Tauler	Strasbourg
place of death	Penina Moise (23 April 1797, in Charleston, South Carolina -- 13 September 1880, in Charleston, South Carolina) was a United States poet.	Penina Moise	Charleston
place of death	Werner Schwier (born 28 May 1921 in Stadthagen; died 3 May 1982 in Munich) was a German actor, voice actor, and television presenter.	Werner Schwier	Munich
place of death	Ernst Christian Wilhelm Ackermann (14 June 1761, Weimar -- 4 October 1835, Jena) was a German public servant and writer.	Ernst Christian Wilhelm Ackermann	Jena
place of death	Peter Hurd (February 22, 1904 - July 9, 1984) was an American artist, born Harold Hurd, Jr., in Roswell, New Mexico.	Peter Hurd	Roswell
place of death	Lucy Boscana died on May 24, 2001 in San Juan, Puerto Rico and her remains rest at Cementerio Santa Magdalena de Pazzis in that city.	Lucy Boscana	San Juan
place of death	Alois Riegl (14 January 1858, Linz -- 17 June 1905, Vienna) was an Austrian art historian, and is considered a member of the Vienna School of Art History.	Alois Riegl	Vienna
place of death	Alexander Wheelock Thayer (22 October 1817 in South Natick, Massachusetts, U.S. -- 15 July 1897 in Trieste, Italy), was a librarian and journalist who became the author of the first scholarly biography of Ludwig van Beethoven, still after many updatings regarded as a standard work of reference on the composer.	Alexander Wheelock Thayer	Trieste
place of death	Karl Ernst Ranke (29 January 1870 in Munich -- 9 November 1926 in Munich) was a German internist, pediatrician and pulmonologist known for his research of tuberculosis.	Karl Ernst Ranke	Munich
place of death	Nicolaus Rohlfs was an 18th-century German mathematics teacher (arithmeticus) in Buxtehude and Hamburg who wrote astronomical calendars, a book about gardening, and other treatises that were continued by Matthias Rohlfs.	Nicolaus Rohlfs	Buxtehude
place of death	Maria Chalon, or Susanna Maria van der Duyn (1698, The Hague -- 1780, Amsterdam), was an 18th-century actress from the Northern Netherlands.	Susanna Maria van der Duyn	Amsterdam
place of death	Rodolfo Acquaviva (*Atri, Abruzzi, 2 October 1550; †Cuncolim, Goa, 25 July 1583) Italian Jesuit missionary to India, at the court of Akbar the Great, 1580--1583;	Rodolfo Acquaviva	Cuncolim	Goa
place of death	Friedrich Hermann Ilgen (22 July 1856 in Wurzen - 15 April 1940 in Dresden) was a German pharmacist, businessman and patron of art and sport.	Hermann Ilgen	Dresden
place of death	Richard Spörle did not survive the war but was killed in action on 17 April 1945 just east of Berlin.	Richard Spörle	Berlin
place of death	Nicholas Kaldor, Baron Kaldor (12 May 1908 -- 30 September 1986), born Káldor Miklós, was a Cambridge economist in the post-war period.	Nicholas Kaldor	Cambridge
place of death	Richard Achilles Ballinger (July 9, 1858 -- June 6, 1922) was mayor of Seattle, Washington, from 1904--1906, Commissioner of the General Land Office from 1907-1908 and U.S. Secretary of the Interior from 1909--1911.	Richard Achilles Ballinger	Seattle
place of death	Samuel Coleridge-Taylor was born in 1875 in Holborn, London, to Alice Hare Martin (1856--1953), an English woman, and Dr. Daniel Peter Hughes Taylor, a Creole from Sierra Leone, of mixed European and African descent.	Samuel Coleridge-Taylor	London
place of death	Giovanni Sforza d'Aragona (5 July 1466 -- 27 July 1510) was an Italian condottiero, lord of Pesaro and Gradara from 1483 until his death.	Giovanni Sforza	Pesaro
place of death	Appiano Buonafede was born in Comacchio, a Province of Ferrara, and died in Rome.	Appiano Buonafede	Rome
place of death	Bruno Nicolai (Rome, 20 May 1926 - Rome, 16 August 1991) was an Italian film music composer, orchestra director and musical editor most active in the 1960s through the 1980s.	Bruno Nicolai	Rome
place of death	Franz Hegi (Lausanne, 16 April 1774 - Zürich, 14 March 1850) was a Swiss painter.	Franz Hegi	Zürich
place of death	Aleksander Bardini (17 November 1913 -- 30 July 1995) was a Polish-Jewish theatre and opera director, actor, notable professor at the State Theatre School in Warsaw.	Aleksander Bardini	Warsaw
place of death	Henri Dubuis (born November 4, 1906 in Bellinzona Ravecchia Canton Ticino, Switzerland, died January 13, 2003 in Biel/Bienne), was a Swiss architect.	Henri Dubuis	Biel/Bienne
place of death	Giancarlo Baghetti (25 December 1934 in Milan, Italy -- 27 November 1995 also in Milan) was a Formula One driver who raced for the Ferrari, ATS (the Italian team), BRM, Brabham and Lotus teams.	Giancarlo Baghetti	Milan
place of death	Wilhelm Emanuel Süskind (10 June 1901, Weilheim - 17 April 1970, Tutzing) was a German writer, journalist and translator.	Wilhelm Emanuel Süskind	Tutzing
place of death	Ernst Hjalmar Waloddi Weibull (18 June 1887 -- 12 October 1979 in Annecy, France) was a Swedish engineer, scientist, and mathematician.	Waloddi Weibull	Annecy
place of death	Éliane Jacq (born 4 July 1948 at Brest and died on 1 March 2011 at Lorient) is a former French athlete, who specialised in the 400 meters.	Éliane Jacq	Lorient
place of death	Andrija Anković (16 July 1937, Gabela, Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- 28 April 1980, Split, SFR Yugoslavia) was a Croatian footballer and manager.	Andrija Anković	Split
place of death	Ivan Slavkov (Bulgarian: Иван Славков) (May 11, 1940, Sofia -- May 1, 2011) was a Bulgarian sports boss linked to the Communist-era nomenklatura.	Ivan Slavkov	Sofia
place of death	Martine Bartlett died at age 80 of kidney disease in Tempe, Arizona.	Martine Bartlett	Tempe
place of death	Karl Robert Langewiesche (Dec. 18 1874-in Rheydt -- Sept. 12, 1931 in Königstein im Taunus) was a German publisher.	Karl Robert Langewiesche	Königstein im Taunus
place of death	August von Gödrich (25 September 1859 in Gerlsdorf-Fulnek -- 16 March 1942 in Fulnek) was a German racing cyclist.	August von Gödrich	Fulnek
place of death	Henrik Reuterdahl (September 11, 1795 in Malmö -- June 28, 1870 in Uppsala) was a Swedish Lutheran clergyman who servred as the Church of Sweden archbishop of Uppsala from 1856 to his death.	Henrik Reuterdahl	Uppsala
place of death	Heinrich Hermann Robert Hartmeyer (born May 19, 1874 in Hamburg, died on October 13, 1923 in Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German zoologist.	Robert Hartmeyer	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Vladimír Zoubek (21 September 1903 in Heřmanův Městec -- 24 May 1995 in Prague) was a Czech geologist.	Vladimír Zoubek	Prague
place of death	Estêvão Gomes, also known in the Spanish versions of his name as Estevan Gómez or Esteban Gómez, (Porto, Kingdom of Portugal, c. 1483 - Paraguay River, 1538), was a Portuguese cartographer and explorer.	Estêvão Gomes	Paraguay River
place of death	Arthur English died in 1995 at Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey as a result of complications from emphysema.	Arthur English	Frimley Park Hospital
place of death	Vladimír Boudník (17 March 1924 in Prague - 5 December 1968 in Prague) was a graphic artist, photographer and a key figure in Czech post-war art, and a representative of the ``explosionism'' movement.	Vladimír Boudník	Prague
place of death	Seymour Boardman (1921--2005) was a New York abstract expressionist.	Seymour Boardman	New York
place of death	Luis Álvarez Catalá (1836, Madrid? - 4 October 1901, Madrid) was a Spanish painter of historical scenes and Director of the Museo del Prado from 1898 to 1901.	Luis Álvarez Catalá	Madrid
place of death	Kornél Ábrányi, or Ábrányi Kornél in Hungarian iteration (15 October 1822, Szentgyörgyábrány -- 20 December 1903, Budapest) was a Hungarian pianist, music writer and theorist, and composer.	Kornél Ábrányi	Budapest
place of death	Friedrich Engelhorn was born on 17 July 1821 in Mannheim, where his father was a brewery master and pub owner.	Friedrich Engelhorn	Mannheim
place of death	Jacques Duchesneau de la Doussinière et d'Ambault, chevalier (died 1696, Ambrault, near Issoudun, Berry), was intendant of New France from 1675 to 1682.	Jacques Duchesneau de la Doussinière et d'Ambault	Ambrault
place of death	Anthony Chinn (1930, Georgetown, Guyana - 22 October 2000, Georgetown, Guyana), the child of Chinese and Brazilian parents, was a supporting actor who appeared in over 50 films and television series throughout a career which spanned more than four decades.	Anthony Chinn	Georgetown
place of death	Alexander Braudo, Aleksandr Isaevich Braudo (Russian: Александр Исаевич Браудо, born 1864, Vilkomir, Kovno Governorate -- 1924, London) was a Russian (Lithuanian-UK) Jewish author, publisher.	Alexander Braudo	London
place of death	Giovanni Micheletto (Sacile, 21 January 1889 -- Sacile, 29 September 1958) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist, nicknamed by fans ``The Sacile Count'' (from his native town in the province of Pordenone) and ``Nanè''.	Giovanni Micheletto	Sacile
place of death	Khosrow Golsorkhi (Persian: خسرو گلسرخی‎) also known as Khosro Golesorkhi (22 January 1944, Rasht -- 18 February 1974, Tehran) was an Iranian journalist, poet, and communist activist in Iran during the Cold War.	Khosrow Golsorkhi	Tehran
place of death	Paul-Louis Couchoud (), was born on July 6, 1879 at Vienne, Isère and died there on April 8, 1959.	Paul-Louis Couchoud	Vienne
place of death	Salem Bouhageb (born Bembla, 1824 or 1827 - died La Marsa, July 14, 1924) was a Tunisian reformer, jurist, and poet.	Salem Bouhageb	La Marsa
place of death	Christian Samuel Theodor Bernd (April 12, 1775 in Meseritz -- August 26, 1854 in Bonn) was a German linguist and heraldist, one of the founders of scientific heraldry.	Christian Samuel Theodor Bernd	Bonn
place of death	In July 1921, Man Ray went to live and work in Paris, France.	Man Ray	Paris
place of death	Bernardo Cappello (1498, Venice - 8 March 1565, Rome) was a Venetian humanist, writer and pupil of Pietro Bembo.	Bernardo Cappello	Rome
place of death	Harry Goz (February 16, 1932, Saint Louis, Missouri -- September 6, 2003, Manhasset, New York) was an American musical theater actor and voice actor.	Harry Goz	Manhasset, New York
place of death	Demetrius, the bishop of Alexandria, at first supported Origen but later opposed him, disputing his ordination in another diocese (Caesarea Maritima in Palestine).	Origen	Caesarea Maritima
place of death	Antonio da Ponte (1512--1595) was a Venetian architect and engineer, most famous for his rebuilding of the Rialto Bridge in Venice.	Antonio da Ponte	Venice
place of death	Jan Baptist van Fornenburgh (1585 in Antwerp -- 1650 in The Hague), was a Dutch Golden Age flower painter.	Jan Baptist van Fornenburgh	The Hague
place of death	Raymond of Penyafort was born in Vilafranca del Penedès, a small town near Barcelona, Catalonia, around 1175.	Raymond of Penyafort	Barcelona
place of death	Rupert Mayer (23 January 1876 -- 1 November 1945) was a German Jesuit priest and a leading figure of the Catholic resistance to Nazism in Munich.	Rupert Mayer	Munich
place of death	Gérard Herter, also known as Gerhard Haerter, Gerard Haerther, Gerald Herter, Gerard Herter, and Gerhard Herter (born 12 April 1920 in Stuttgart, died 6 February 2007 in Munich) was a German actor of the 1950s and 1960 who played many villains, especially Prussian types, in spaghetti westerns.	Gérard Herter	Munich
place of death	Nikos Engonopoulos was born in Athens in 1907 and was the second son of Panaghiotis and Errietti (Henrietta) Engonopoulos.	Nikos Engonopoulos	Athens
place of death	George Pake died of multiple systems failure on March 4, 2004 in Tucson, Arizona.	George Pake	Tucson
place of death	Conrad Cichorius (* May 25, 1863 in Leipzig; † January 20, 1932 in Bonn) was a German historian and classical philologist.	Conrad Cichorius	Bonn
place of death	Having suffered from multiple diseases including chronic diabetes and protracted kidney-related illness, Vajramuni died on 5 January 2006, at 5:30 a.m in a private hospital in Bangalore.	Vajramuni	Bangalore
place of death	Hanne Darboven grew up in Rönneburg, a southern suburb of Hamburg, as the second of three daughters of Cäsar Darboven and Kirsten Darboven.	Hanne Darboven	Rönneburg
place of death	Bartholomew Gosnold (1571 -- 22 August 1607) was an English lawyer, explorer, and privateer who was instrumental in founding the Virginia Company of London, and Jamestown in colonial America.	Bartholomew Gosnold	Jamestown
place of death	Magnus von Wright (13 June 1805 Haminalahti, near Kuopio -- 5 July 1868, Helsinki) was a Swedish-Finnish painter and ornithologist.	Magnus von Wright	Helsinki
place of death	Julius Hans Weigel (29 May 1908, Vienna -- 12 August 1991, Maria Enzersdorf) was an Austrian Jewish writer and a theater critic (till 1962).	Hans Weigel	Maria Enzersdorf
place of death	August Wilhelm Zumpt (December 4, 1815 -- April 22, 1877 in Berlin) was a German classical scholar, known chiefly in connection with Latin epigraphy.	August Wilhelm Zumpt	Berlin
place of death	He participated in many naval battles during the war, and when Otto of Bavaria became king, Antonios Miaoulis was appointed as his aide-de-camp.	Antonios Miaoulis	Bavaria
place of death	Octave Crouzon, full name Louis Edouard Octave Crouzon (1874--1938) was a French neurologist born in Paris.	Octave Crouzon	Paris
place of death	Richard Steidle (20 September 1881 in Merano, South Tyrol -- 30 August 1940 in Buchenwald concentration camp) was an Austrian lawyer and the leader of the paramilitary Heimwehr in Tyrol.	Richard Steidle	Buchenwald concentration camp
place of death	Conrad Schick (1822--1901) was a German architect, archaeologist and Protestant missionary who settled in Jerusalem in the mid-nineteenth century.	Conrad Schick	Jerusalem
place of death	Federico Barreto (1862 in Tacna - 1929 in Marseille, France) was a Peruvian poet and writer best known for his poetry collection El cantor del cautiverio.	Federico Barreto	Marseille
place of death	Juan Vicente Gómez Chacón (La Mulera, 24 July 1857 -- Maracay, 17 December 1935) was a military general and de facto ruler of Venezuela from 1908 until his death in 1935.	Juan Vicente Gómez	Maracay
place of death	Arnold Bernstein (23 January 1888 in Breslau - 1971, Palm Beach, Florida) was a German-American shipowner and pioneer of transatlantic car transport, which he revolutionised since he was transporting cars without boxing them up in wooden crates as was usual before and was thus able to reduce freight rates.	Arnold Bernstein	Palm Beach
place of death	On 9 January 1943, Heinrich Schweickhardt failed to return from a mission and was listed as missing in action over the Mediterranean Sea.	Heinrich Schweickhardt	Mediterranean Sea
place of death	Vojtěch Nejedlý (17 April 1772 in Žebrák -- 7 December 1844) was a Czech writer.	Vojtěch Nejedlý	Žebrák
place of death	Eugenio Tavolara (1901--1963) was an artist born in Sassari, Sardinia, Italy, with interests in many disciplines.	Eugenio Tavolara	Sassari
place of death	Gaston-Auguste Schweitzer (born in Montreuil-sous-Bois on 1 September 1879; died in Paris in 1962) was a French sculptor.	Gaston-Auguste Schweitzer	Paris
place of death	Margarita Nikolaeva (September 23, 1935 -- December 21, 1993) was a Soviet gymnast (Odessa, Ukraine, Soviet Union)and Olympic champion.	Margarita Nikolaeva	Odessa
place of death	Hann Trier (1 August 1915 in Düsseldorf -- 14 June 1999 in Castiglione della Pescaia in Tuscany in Italy) was a German artist, best known for his giant ceiling painting in the Charlottenburg Palace.	Hann Trier	Castiglione della Pescaia
place of death	Marcelle Auclair was born 11 November 1899 in Montluçon, central France, and died in Paris on 6 June 1984.	Marcelle Auclair	Paris
place of death	Carlo Lasinio (Treviso February 10, 1759 -- March, 29, 1838 Pisa ) was an Italian engraver.	Carlo Lasinio	Pisa
place of death	Pieter van der Hulst (February 26, 1651, Dordrecht -- February 14, 1727, Dordrecht), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Pieter van der Hulst	Dordrecht
place of death	Tanasije Dinić (1891, Niš, Kingdom of Serbia -- 17 July 1946, Belgrade, Yugoslavia) was a Serbian military officer and later a minister in the collaborationist regime established in occupied Serbia by Nazi Germany, the Government of National Salvation.	Tanasije Dinić	Belgrade
place of death	Giuseppe Peruchetti (born October 30, 1907 in Gardone Val Trompia, Italy; died in 1995 in Gardone Val Trompia) was an Italian professional football player and coach.	Giuseppe Peruchetti	Gardone Val Trompia
place of death	Lucille Caudill Little (August 20, 1909 -- October 8, 2002), a patron of the arts and philanthropist who served as president of the W. Paul and Lucille Caudill Little Foundation in Lexington, Kentucky.	Lucille Caudill Little	Lexington
place of death	Gaja Alaga (Lemeš, 1924 - Zagreb, 1988) was a Croatian theoretical physicist who specialised in nuclear physics.	Gaja Alaga	Zagreb
place of death	However, due to the lack of proper secondary schooling in the province, Tawfiq al-Hakim moved to Cairo with his uncles to continue his studies at Muhammad Ali secondary school.	Tawfiq al-Hakim	Cairo
place of death	Jacobus Barbireau (also Jacques or Jacob; also Barbirianus) (1455 -- 7 August 1491) was a Franco-Flemish Renaissance composer from Antwerp.	Jacobus Barbireau	Antwerp
place of death	William J. Hosey (May 5, 1854 -- September 10, 1937) was an American politician and the 20th mayor of Fort Wayne, Indiana.	William J. Hosey	Fort Wayne
place of death	Willard Ray Custer (born June 6, 1899 in Warfordsburg, Pennsylvania, died December 25, 1985 in Hagerstown, Maryland) was an American engineer and aircraft visionary, inventor of the channel wing concept.	Willard Ray Custer	Hagerstown
place of death	Tsewang Paljor (10 April 1968 -- 10 May 1996) was a member of the First Indian team to reach the summit of Mount Everest from the North Col. Tsewang Paljor was one among three Indians who died on the mountain during the 1996 Mount Everest disaster.	Tsewang Paljor	Mount Everest
place of death	Gijsbert Claesz van Campen (c.1580 -- 1648), was a Dutch cloth merchant of Haarlem who is most famous today for his family portrait painted by Frans Hals.	Gijsbert Claesz van Campen	Haarlem
place of death	Giuseppe Fava (September 15, 1925 in Palazzolo Acreide -- January 5, 1984 in Catania), also known as Pippo, was an Italian writer, investigative journalist, playwright and Antimafia activist who was killed by the Mafia.	Giuseppe Fava	Catania
place of death	Johann Gottlieb Gleditsch (5 February 1714 in Leipzig -- 5 October 1786 in Berlin) was a German physician and botanist known for pioneer investigations of plant sexuality and reproduction.	Johann Gottlieb Gleditsch	Berlin
place of death	Harrington Emerson (August 2, 1853 -- September 2, 1931) was an American efficiency engineer and business theorist, who founded the management consultancy firm Emerson Institute in New York City in 1900.	Harrington Emerson	New York City
place of death	For her contribution to the motion picture industry, Marian Nixon has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1724 Vine Street in Los Angeles, California.	Marian Nixon	Los Angeles
place of death	Henry Lyster Jameson (1874 -- 26 February 1922, West Mersea) was a zoologist, who studied pearl-formation.	Henry Lyster Jameson	West Mersea
place of death	Heinz Kähler (21 January 1905 in Tetenbüll, Germany -- 9 January 1974 in Cologne, Germany) was an ancient art historian and archaeologist.	Heinz Kähler	Cologne
place of death	Alfonsino d'Este (11 November 1560 -- 4 September 1578, Ferrara) was a Ferrarese nobleman.	Alfonsino d'Este	Ferrara
place of death	Jacques Pic (1932--1992), was a French chef best known for being head chef at his three Michelin starred restaurant Maison Pic in Valence, Drôme, France.	Jacques Pic	Valence
place of death	Johann Heinrich Lienhard (January 19, 1822, Bilten, Canton Glarus -- December 19, 1903, Nauvoo, Illinois) was a Swiss immigrant to the United States.	Heinrich Lienhard	Nauvoo
place of death	Ugo d'Este, also known as Hugh Aldobrandino (1405 - Ferrara, May 21, 1425), was the son of Niccolò III d'Este and his lover Stella de' Tolomei.	Ugo d'Este	Ferrara
place of death	György Alexits (Budapest, 5 January 1899 -- Budapest, 14 October 1978) was a Hungarian mathematician.	György Alexits	Budapest
place of death	Wenzel Gährich (16 September 1794 in Cerhovice, Bohemia -- 15 September 1864 in Berlin) was a German violinist and composer.	Wenzel Gährich	Berlin
place of death	Friedrich Carl Louis Otto Appel (19 May 1867, Coburg -- 10 November 1952, Berlin-Zehlendorf) was a German botanist and agriculturalist.	Otto Appel	Zehlendorf
place of death	Bohuslav Balbín (December 3, 1621 Hradec králové -- November 28, 1688 Prague) was a Czech writer, historian, geographer and Jesuit, called the ``Czech Pliny''.	Bohuslav Balbín	Prague
place of death	Lisa Gelius (München, 23 July 1909 - Kreuth, 14 January 2006) was a German versatile athlete.	Lisa Gelius	Kreuth
place of death	Christian Louis I, Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (1 December 1623 in Schwerin -- 21 June (O.S. 11 June) 1692 in The Hague) was a reigning Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.	Christian Louis I, Duke of Mecklenburg	The Hague
place of death	Georg Eisler (20 April 1928, Vienna -- 15 January 1998, Vienna) was an Austrian painter from the school of Oskar Kokoschka.	Georg Eisler	Vienna
place of death	Born in 1835, Eduard Pfeiffer was the thirteenth recorded child of Marx Pfeiffer, a top bank director, and one of the first Jewish citizens to have been granted the right to live in Stuttgart.	Eduard Pfeiffer	Stuttgart
place of death	William Spoelhof (December 8, 1909 -- December 3, 2008) was the President of Calvin College, and President Emeritus of the Grand Rapids, Michigan school.	William Spoelhof	Grand Rapids
place of death	Anna Roleffes (c. 1600 − 30 December 1663), better known as Tempel Anneke, was one of the last witches to be executed in Braunschweig (Brunswick), Germany.	Anna Roleffes	Braunschweig
place of death	Mikel Dufrenne (9 February 1910, Clermont, Oise -- 10 June 1995, Paris) was a French philosopher and aesthetician.	Mikel Dufrenne	Paris
place of death	John Edward Hawkins (November 15, 1969 -- May 1, 2006), better known as H.A.W.K. or Big Hawk was an American rapper from Houston, Texas and a founding member of the late DJ Screw's rap group the Screwed Up Click.	Big Hawk	Houston
place of death	Hermann Erhardt (January 9, 1903 in Landshut - November 30, 1958 in Vienna) was a German actor who played in more than 50 movies, among them Heimkehr and A Devil of a Woman.	Hermann Erhardt	Vienna
place of death	In February 2003, Maurice Ascalon celebrated his 90th birthday as a resident of Cuernavaca, Mexico, where he lived with his eldest son, Adir Ascalon (Adir was a surrealist painter and sculptor who collaborated with the noted Mexican muralist David Alfaro Siqueiros).	Maurice Ascalon	Cuernavaca
place of death	Daniel B. Luten also known as Daniel Benjamin Luten (Dec. 26, 1869-July 3, 1946) was an American bridge builder and engineer based in Indianapolis, Indiana.	Daniel B. Luten	Indianapolis
place of death	Günter Wand (January 7, 1912, in Elberfeld, Germany -- February 14, 2002, in Ulmiz near Bern, Switzerland) was a German orchestra conductor and composer.	Günter Wand	Switzerland
place of death	Kostas Georgakis (Greek: Κώστας Γεωργάκης) (23 August 1948 -- 19 September 1970) was a Greek student of geology, who, in the early hours of 19 September 1970, set himself ablaze in Matteotti square in Genoa as a protest against the dictatorial regime of Georgios Papadopoulos.	Kostas Georgakis	Genoa
place of death	Franz Xaver Nagl S.T.D. (26 November 1855 -- 4 February 1913) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop of Vienna as well as Titular Latin Archbishop of Tyre.	Franz Xaver Nagl	Vienna
place of death	Ernst Deger (15 April 1809 in Bockenem -- 27 January 1885 in Düsseldorf) was a 19th-century German religious artist.	Ernst Deger	Düsseldorf
place of death	On December 24, 1942 Vincent Hadleŭski was arrested by the German police and shot in Maly Trostenets extermination camp.	Vincent Hadleŭski	Maly Trostenets extermination camp
place of death	Francisco Javier de Burgos y Sarragoiti (born in El Puerto de Santa María 1842 -- dead in Madrid 1902) was a Spanish journalist and author of comic theatre.	Francisco Javier de Burgos y Sarragoiti	Madrid
place of death	U Gtun Kyi, pen name Minn Latt Yekhaun (Burmese: မင်းလတ်; Rangoon, 19 July 1925-Shan State, c.1985) was a Burmese linguist who studied and published in Czechoslovakia.	Minn Latt	Shan State
place of death	Clara of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel (16 November 1532 in Wolfenbüttel -- 23 November 1595 at Herzberg Castle), was a princess of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel by birth.	Clara of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel	Herzberg Castle
place of death	Charles III Philip, Elector Palatine (Neuburg, 4 November 1661 -- Mannheim, 31 December 1742) was a ruler from the house of Wittelsbach.	Charles III Philip, Elector Palatine	Mannheim
place of death	Johann Heinrich Zedler (January 7, 1706 in Breslau -- March 21, 1751 in Leipzig) was a bookseller and publisher.	Johann Heinrich Zedler	Leipzig
place of death	Jerónimo Xavierre (Zaragoza, 1546 - Valladolid, 8 September 1608) was a Spanish Dominican theologian.	Jerónimo Xavierre	Valladolid
place of death	René Le Fort (30 March 1869 -- 30 March 1951) was a French surgeon from Lille remembered for creating a classification for fractures of the face.	René Le Fort	Lille
place of death	Susan Webb Cushman (born March 17, 1822, Boston, Massachusetts -- d. May 10, 1859, Liverpool, England), was an American actress.	Susan Webb Cushman	Liverpool
place of death	Oreste Pinto (9 October 1889 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands -- 18 September 1961 in London, England) was a Dutch counterintelligence officer and Lieutenant-Colonel.	Oreste Pinto	London
place of death	Fermín María Álvarez (Zaragoza 1833 - Barcelona, 1898) was a Spanish composer.	Fermín María Álvarez	Barcelona
place of death	He was born in Zaragoza, the son of Pedro Ruimonte and Gracia de Bolea y Latas, and was baptized in the Church of San Pablo in 1565.	Pedro Ruimonte	Zaragoza
place of death	Adolf Stieler (26 February 1775 -- 13 March 1836) was a German cartographer and lawyer who worked most of his life in the Justus Perthes Geographical Institute in Gotha.	Adolf Stieler	Gotha
place of death	Efim Etkind (Russian: Ефи́м Григо́рьевич Э́ткинд, February 26, 1918, Petrograd -- November 22, 1999, Potsdam) was a Soviet philologist and translation theorist.	Efim Etkind	Potsdam
place of death	Felix Stähelin (also spelled Staehelin, 28 December 1873 -- 20 February 1952) was a Swiss historian of Basel.	Felix Stähelin	Basel
place of death	Philip F. Spaulding was a well-known naval architect who lived and worked in Seattle, Washington.	Philip F. Spaulding	Seattle
place of death	Matthias Zurbriggen (15 May 1856 in Saas-Fee -- 21 June 1917 in Geneva) was one of the great 19th-century alpinists and mountain guides.	Matthias Zurbriggen	Geneva
place of death	Theresa Berkley or Berkeley (died September 1836) was a 19th-century English dominatrix who ran a brothel in Hallam Street, just to the east of Portland Place, Marylebone, London, specialising in flagellation.	Theresa Berkley	London
place of death	Rudolph A. Seiden (August 13, 1900 in Langenwang, Styria, Austria -- June 12, 1965 in Kansas City, USA) was an American chemist of Austrian origin and a Zionist activist.	Rudolph A. Seiden	Kansas City
place of death	Anton Ulrich, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen (Meiningen, 22 October 1687 -- Frankfurt, 27 January 1763), was Duke of Saxe-Meiningen from 1746 to 1763.	Anton Ulrich, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen	Frankfurt
place of death	Lubka Kolessa (Ukrainian: Колесса Любов Олександрівна) (19 May 1902, Lviv, Ukraine -- 15 August 1997, Toronto, Canada) was a classical pianist and professor of piano.	Lubka Kolessa	Toronto
place of death	Winfried Brugger (26 February 1950 in Tettnang, Germany -- 13 November 2010 in Heidelberg) was Professor of Public Law, Philosophy of Law and Theory of State at Heidelberg University.	Winfried Brugger	Heidelberg
place of death	Otokar Keršovani (23 February 1902 Trieste -- 9 July 1941 Zagreb) was a Croatian and Yugoslav journalist and left-wing politician.	Otokar Keršovani	Zagreb
place of death	Hafiz Hakki Pasha (Turkish: Hafız Hakkı Paşa , 1878, Edirne, Ottoman Empire - February 15, 1915; Erzurum) was a General of the Ottoman Empire military.	Hafiz Hakki Pasha	Erzurum
place of death	Claudius Regaud (born 30 January 1870 in Lyons, France; died 29 December 1940 in Couzon-au-Mont-d'Or, France) was a French doctor and biologist, one of the pioneers in radiotherapy at the Curie Institute.	Claudius Regaud	Couzon-au-Mont-d'Or
place of death	Lode Craeybeckx (24 November 1897 -- 25 July 1976) served as Mayor of Antwerp, Belgium from 1947 until his death in 1976, becoming the longest serving mayor of the city in its history.	Lode Craeybeckx	Antwerp
place of death	Antonín Langweil (born June 13, 1791 in Postoloprty - died June 11, 1837 in Prague) was a Bohemian lithographer, librarian, painter and model maker.	Antonín Langweil	Prague
place of death	August Everding (German pronunciation: (ˈaʊɡʊst ˈeːvɐdɪŋ)) (31 October 1928; Bottrop, Germany -- 26 January 1999; Munich) was a German opera director and administrator.	August Everding	Munich
place of death	George of Polentz (born: c. 1478; died: 1550 in Balga) was bishop of Samland and Pomesania and a lawyer.	George of Polentz	Balga
place of death	Iqbal Masih was born in 1983 in Muridke, a commercial city outside of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan.	Iqbal Masih	Lahore
place of death	Kenneth O. May (July 8, 1915, in Portland, Oregon -- December 1977, in Toronto) was an American mathematician and historian of mathematics, who developed May's theorem.	Kenneth O. May	Toronto
place of death	Arthur Korn (May 20, 1870, Breslau, Germany -- December 21/December 22, 1945, Jersey City, New Jersey) was a German physicist, mathematician and inventor.	Arthur Korn	Jersey City
place of death	Paul G. Hahnemann (born 31 October 1912 in Strasbourg; died 23 January 1997 in Munich) sometimes known as ``Nischen-Paule'', was a leading director at BMW between 1961 and 1972.	Paul G. Hahnemann	Munich
place of death	Jan Sztolcman (sometimes referred to as Jean Stanislaus Stolzmann) (19 November 1854, Warsaw -- 28 April 1928, Warsaw) was a Polish ornithologist.	Jan Sztolcman	Warsaw
place of death	Holcombe Rucker (March 2, 1926 -- March 20, 1965) was a playground director in Harlem for the New York City Department of Parks & Recreation from 1948 to 1964.	Holcombe Rucker	New York City
place of death	Said Brahimi (17 March 1931 in Bône -- 27 December 1997 in Annaba) was an Algerian-born French international football and Algerian international football player.	Said Brahimi	Annaba
place of death	Richard Milton Martin (1916, Cleveland, Ohio -- 22 November 1985, Milton, Massachusetts) was an American logician and analytic philosopher.	Richard Milton Martin	Milton, Massachusetts
place of death	Giuseppe Valeriano (L'Aquila, August, 1542 - Naples, July 15, 1596) was an Italian painter and architect, priest of the Jesuit order, and active in Rome, Spain, and Naples.	Giuseppe Valeriano	Naples
place of death	Vlaho Getaldić (also Biagio Ghetaldi; 22 December 1788 - 27 October 1872) was a Dalmatian writer, translator and politician from Dubrovnik.	Vlaho Getaldić	Dubrovnik
place of death	Heinrich Martin Weber (5 March 1842, Heidelberg, Germany -- 17 May 1913, Straßburg, Alsace-Lorraine, German Empire, now Strasbourg, France) was a German mathematician.	Heinrich Martin Weber	Strasbourg
place of death	Born in Paris, Bernard Seurre was a student of the sculptor Pierre Cartellier.	Bernard Seurre	Paris
place of death	Sir Felix Booth, 1st Baronet, FRS (1775 Roydon, Essex -- 24 January 1850 Brighton, Sussex) was a wealthy UK gin distiller, and promoter of Arctic exploration, with various places in Nunavut, Canada being named after him.	Felix Booth	Brighton
place of death	Vincenzo da Filicaja was born in Florence to an ancient and noble family.	Vincenzo da Filicaja	Florence
place of death	Marzio Ginetti (6 April 1585 -- 1 March 1671) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and Cardinal Vicar of Rome.	Marzio Ginetti	Rome
place of death	Friedrich von Wieser died on July 22, 1926 in Salzburg, where he is buried.	Friedrich von Wieser	Salzburg
place of death	Li Tchoan King (born in China on 6 May 1904; died in Toulon on 19 August 1971) was a Chinese-born draughts player and former French national champion.	Li Tchoan King	Toulon
place of death	In 1981, Allyn Joslyn died of heart failure in Woodland Hills in Los Angeles, California, at the age of seventy-nine.	Allyn Joslyn	Woodland Hills
place of death	Gustav Schröder (Hadersleben, September 27, 1885 -- Hamburg, January 10, 1959) was a sea captain, who is best known for attempting to save 937 German Jews, who were passengers on his ship, the MS St. Louis, from the Nazis in 1939.	Gustav Schröder	Hamburg
place of death	Tadeusz Peiper (Kraków, May 3, 1891 -- November 10, 1969, Warsaw) was a Polish poet, art critic, theoretician of literature and one of the precursors of the avant-garde movement in Polish poetry.	Tadeusz Peiper	Warsaw
place of death	Antoine-Charles Vauthier (1790 Paris - 1879 Paris) was a French entomologist, botanist, author and natural history illustrator.	Antoine-Charles Vauthier	Paris
place of death	Ernst Heinrich Kneschke (* 27 August 1798 in Zittau; † 2 December 1869 in Leipzig) was a German heraldist, ophthalmologist and writer.	Ernst Heinrich Kneschke	Leipzig
place of death	Levin Goldschmidt (17 May 1828, Danzig -- 16 July 1897, Bad Wilhelmshöhe, today Kassel) was a German jurist.	Levin Goldschmidt	Bad Wilhelmshöhe
place of death	Massimo Troiano (died after April 1570) was an Italian Renaissance composer, poet, and a brief, but vivid chronicler of life at the court of Bavaria's ruler, Duke Albrecht V in the late 1560s, the only period in which Troiano is known to history.	Massimo Troiano	Bavaria
place of death	Galvano Fiamma (1283-- Milan 1344) was an Italian Dominican and chronicler of Milan.	Galvano Fiamma	Milan
place of death	Lorenzo Nottolini (May 6 1787 -- September 12 1851) was an architect and engineer of the Neoclassic style in Lucca.	Lorenzo Nottolini	Lucca
place of death	Philippe de Broca (15 March 1933, Paris -- 26 November 2004, Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a French movie director.	Philippe de Broca	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Petros Petrosyan was born on December 24, 1968 in Yerevan in the family of artists Hakob and Vera Petrosyan.	Petros Petrosyan	Yerevan
place of death	Tom Campbell Black (December 1899, Brighton, England -- 19 September 1936, Liverpool, England) was a famous English aviator.	Tom Campbell Black	Liverpool
place of death	Oda Schaefer (really Oda Lange, born December 21, 1900 in Berlin-Wilmersdorf as Oda Krus; died September 4, 1988 in Munich) was a German writer and journalist.	Oda Schaefer	Munich
place of death	Gerhard Fanselau (30 April 1904, Leipzig - 28 April 1982, Potsdam) was a German geophysicist.	Gerhard Fanselau	Potsdam
place of death	Elkan Nathan Adler (24 July 1861, St Luke's, London -- 15 September 1946, London) was an English author, lawyer, historian, and collector of Jewish books and manuscripts.	Elkan Nathan Adler	London
place of death	Antonio Téllez Solá (January 18, 1921, Tarragona--March 27, 2005, Perpignan) was a Spanish anarchist, journalist and historian.	Antonio Téllez	Perpignan
place of death	Bernhard Kagan (15 August 1866 -- 27 November 1932, Berlin) was a German chess player, writer, publisher, editor, and organizer.	Bernhard Kagan	Berlin
place of death	Eleonore Wilhelmine of Anhalt-Köthen (7 May 1696 in Köthen -- 30 August 1726 in Weimar) was a princess of Anhalt-Köthen by births and by marriage successively Princess of Saxe-Merseburg and Duchess of Saxe-Weimar.	Eleonore Wilhelmine of Anhalt-Köthen	Weimar
place of death	Howard Smit died at the Providence Tarzana Medical Center on August 1, 2009, in Tarzana, California, at the age of 98.	Howard Smit	Tarzana
place of death	Constance Mayer (Marie-Françoise-Constance Mayer-La Martinière) (9 March 1775 in Chauny, Picardy -- 26 May 1821 in Paris, France) was a French painter of portraits, allegorical subjects, miniatures and genre works.	Constance Mayer	Paris
place of death	John Russell Savige MC, ED (25 July 1908 in Moe, Gippsland, Victoria, Australia -- 21 November 1977 in Moe, Victoria) was a leading figure in Scouting in Victoria.	John Russell Savige	Moe, Victoria
place of death	Ludvig Schytte (28 April 1848, Aarhus -- 10 November 1909, Berlin) was a Danish composer, pianist, and teacher.	Ludvig Schytte	Berlin
place of death	Nicola Peccheneda (1725, Polla -- 4 November 1804) was an Italian painter of Campania and Basilicata in the second half of the 18th century.	Nicola Peccheneda	Polla
place of death	Charles Joseph Van Depoele (27 April 1846, Lichtervelde, West Flanders, Belgium -- 18 March 1892, Lynn, Massachusetts, USA) was an electrical engineer, inventor, and pioneer in electric railway technology, including the first trolley pole.	Charles Joseph Van Depoele	Lynn
place of death	Philibert Vrau (b. at Lille, 19 November 1829; d. there, 16 May 1905) was a French businessman, lay Roman Catholic activist, and Christian socialist.	Philibert Vrau	Lille
place of death	Catê died in a road traffic accident in the town of Ipê, Rio Grande do Sul, when the car he was driving was involved in a collision with a truck.	Catê	Ipê, Rio Grande do Sul
place of death	Marvin Cheung Kin-tung, GBS OBE JP (traditional Chinese: 張建東; simplified Chinese: 张建东; pinyin: Zhāng Jiàndōng; Jyutping: zoeng1 gin3 dung1, 20 November 1947 -- 13 September 2014) was a Non-official Member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong.	Marvin Cheung	Hong Kong
place of death	Sıtkı Üke (1876; Salonica (Thessaloniki) -- 1941; Istanbul) was a major general of the Ottoman Army and the first head general of the Turkish Army.	Sıtkı Üke	Istanbul
place of death	Miroslav Smotlacha (22 September 1920 -- 6 June 2007) was a Czech mycologist He was born in Vinohrady and attended the Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague.	Miroslav Smotlacha	Prague
place of death	Johann Alexander Thiele (26 March 1685, Erfurt - 22 May 1752, Dresden) was a German painter and engraver.	Johann Alexander Thiele	Dresden
place of death	Heinrich Wilhelm von Freytag (17 March 1720, Estorf -- 2 January 1798, Hannover ) was an officer in the service of the Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg (Hanover).	Wilhelm von Freytag	Hanover
place of death	Joseph Barry Galbraith (December 18, 1919, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - January 13, 1983, Bennington, Vermont) was an American jazz guitarist.	Barry Galbraith	Bennington
place of death	Rodrigo Caro (Utrera, 1573 -- Seville, August 10, 1647) was a Spanish priest, historian, archeologist, lawyer, poet and writer.	Rodrigo Caro	Seville
place of death	Alvaro Cartei (September 28, 1911 in Signa -- October 8, 1995 in Signa) was an Italian painter and ceramist.	Alvaro Cartei	Signa
place of death	Paquita Escribano (Zaragoza, 1880 - Valencia, 1970) was a popular Spanish singer.	Paquita Escribano	Valencia
position held	Lorenzo Campeggio (1474--1539) was an Italian cardinal and politician.	Lorenzo Campeggio	cardinal
position held	Paul Volcker, a Democrat, was appointed chairman of the board of governors for the Federal Reserve System in August 1979 by President Jimmy Carter and reappointed in 1983 by President Ronald Reagan.	Paul Volcker	Federal Reserve System
position held	Blessed Edoardo Giuseppe Rosaz (15 February 1830 -- 3 May 1903) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop who served as the head of the Diocese of Susa.	Edoardo Giuseppe Rosaz	Catholic bishop
position held	Emmanuel Wamala, born 15 December 1926 in Kamaggwa parish of Lwaggulwe Masaka district, Uganda was archbishop of the Archdiocese of Kampala, Uganda.	Emmanuel Wamala	archbishop
position held	Alfred Tweedy (b. February 24, 1880) was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.	Alfred Tweedy	member of the Connecticut Senate
position held	Þorsteinn Pálsson or Thorsteinn Pálsson (pronounced (ˈθɔr̥steitn ˈpʰaulsɔn); born 29 October 1947) is a former Prime Minister of Iceland for the Independence Party.	Þorsteinn Pálsson	Prime Minister of Iceland
position held	Theodore Sedgwick (May 9, 1746 -- January 24, 1813) was an American attorney, politician and jurist, who served in elected state government and as a Delegate to the Continental Congress, a U.S. Representative, and a United States Senator from Massachusetts.	Theodore Sedgwick	United States Senator
position held	Wulfar or Wulfaire (died 816) was the archbishop of Reims from 812 until his death.	Wulfar	archbishop
position held	Alex C. Ruffing (November 2, 1892 - September 6, 1958) was an American machinist and Socialist from Milwaukee who served four terms (1919--1926) as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and one shortened term in Wisconsin State Senate representing Milwaukee County-based districts	Alex C. Ruffing	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Stefano Palmieri (born 18 September 1964) is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Francesco Mussoni for the semester from 1 October 2009 to 1 April 2010.	Stefano Palmieri	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Gérard du Puy (died February 14, 1389) was a French cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and cardinal-nephew of Pope Gregory XI.	Gérard du Puy	cardinal
position held	Wang Dongxing (January 1916 -- 21 August 2015) was a Chinese politician who was Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 1977 to 1980 after being Mao Zedong's principal bodyguard during the Cultural Revolution.	Wang Dongxing	Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China
position held	Samuel Blatchford (March 9, 1820 -- July 7, 1893) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from April 3, 1882 until his death.	Samuel Blatchford	Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States
position held	Immanuel Jakobovits, Baron Jakobovits (8 February 1921 -- 31 October 1999) was the Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth from 1967 to 1991.	Immanuel Jakobovits, Baron Jakobovits	Chief Rabbi
position held	Scott Ludlam (born 10 January 1970) is an Australian politician who has been a Greens member of the Australian Senate since July 2008, representing the state of Western Australia.	Scott Ludlam	member of the Australian Senate
position held	Daniël Termont (born 19 May 1953) is a Belgian politician, member of the Socialist Party and the mayor of Ghent, Belgium.	Daniël Termont	mayor
position held	Henry Wilson (born Jeremiah Jones Colbath; February 16, 1812 -- November 22, 1875) was the 18th Vice President of the United States (1873--75) and a Senator from Massachusetts (1855--73).	Henry Wilson	Vice President of the United States
position held	Robert of Châtillon (? - 1210), duke and bishop of Langres from 1205 until his death.	Robert of Châtillon	bishop
position held	Gustavo Adolfo Espina Salguero (born 1946) was Vice President of Guatemala for President Jorge Serrano from 1991--1993 and President from June 1--5, 1993.	Gustavo Adolfo Espina Salguero	Vice President of Guatemala
position held	Roger Rivard (born August 27, 1952) is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing northwest Wisconsin's 75th Assembly District from January 3, 2011 to January 3, 2013.	Roger Rivard	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Major General (retired) Chris Abutu Garuba was Governor of Bauchi State, Nigeria from August 1985 to December 1988 during the military regime of Major General Ibrahim Babangida.	Chris Abutu Garuba	Governor of Bauchi State
position held	William Cosmo Gordon Lang, 1st Baron Lang of Lambeth, GCVO, PC (known as Cosmo Gordon Lang; 31 October 1864 -- 5 December 1945) was a Scottish Anglican prelate who served as Archbishop of York (1908--1928) and Archbishop of Canterbury (1928--1942).	Cosmo Gordon Lang	Archbishop of York	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Wojciech Polak (born 19 December 1964) is the Roman Catholic archbishop of Gniezno, Poland, since his appointment on 17 May 2014.	Wojciech Polak	archbishop
position held	Mario Rizzi (March 3, 1926 -- April 13, 2012) was the Roman Catholic Italian titular archbishop of Bagnoregio and apostolic nuncio to Bulgaria 1991-1996.	Mario Rizzi	archbishop
position held	Wenceslao Lara Orellana (b. 28 August 1962 in San Pedro Sula) is a Honduran politician, currently serves as deputy of the National Congress of Honduras representing the Liberal Party of Honduras for Cortés.	Wenceslao Lara Orellana	deputy of the National Congress of Honduras
position held	V. S. Ramadevi (born 15 January 1934 -- 17 April 2013) M.A, L.L.M, was the Chief Election Commissioner of India from 26 November 1990 to 11 December 1990.	V. S. Ramadevi	Chief Election Commissioner of India
position held	Jerald Luke LeBlanc, known as Jerry Luke LeBlanc (born August 29, 1956), is a vice president of his alma mater, the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, who was from 1989 to 2004 a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 45 in Lafayette Parish, Louisiana.	Jerry Luke LeBlanc	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Saint Praejectus, Prejectus or Projectus (French: Saint Pry, Prie, Prix, Priest, Prest, Preils; Italian: Preietto (Proietto)) (625--676) was a bishop of Clermont, who was killed together with Amarinus.	Praejectus	bishop
position held	Gianni Ambrosio (born 23 December 1943 in Santhià) is the current bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Piacenza-Bobbio.	Gianni Ambrosio	bishop
position held	Eva Kaili (Greek: Εύα Καϊλή; born 26 October 1978 in Thessaloniki, Greece) is a member of the European Parliament, representing the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK), and a former television news presenter.	Eva Kaili	member of the European Parliament
position held	Donald Grant Devine, SOM (born July 5, 1944) was the 11th Premier of Saskatchewan from May 8, 1982 to November 1, 1991.	Grant Devine	Premier of Saskatchewan
position held	Charles D. Stone (April 11, 1920 -- April 16, 1992) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Charles D. Stone	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Mar Sebastian Adayanthrath, (5 April 1957) was an Indian bishop, serving for Ernakulam-Angamaly and head of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.	Sebastian Adayanthrath	bishop
position held	Louis A. Arnold (July 13, 1872 -- ?) was an American schoolteacher, HVAC worker and Socialist from Milwaukee who served two terms (1915--1922) as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing the Milwaukee-based 7th Senate district.	Louis A. Arnold	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Geoffrey de Montbray (Montbrai, Mowbray) (died 1093), bishop of Coutances (Latin: Constantiensis), also known as Geoffrey of Coutances, a Norman nobleman, trusted adviser of William the Conqueror and a great secular prelate, warrior and administrator.	Geoffrey de Montbray	bishop
position held	Gabriel Desjardins (born 14 February 1949, in Montreal, Quebec) was a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada.	Gabriel Desjardins	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Gert-Jan Oplaat (born 22 November 1964, Markelo, Overijssel) is a former Dutch politician and member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for the Liberal Democratic Party (VVD).	Gert-Jan Oplaat	member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands
position held	Hucbert was lay-abbot of the Abbey of Saint Maurice-in-Valais.	Hucbert	abbot
position held	Edmund James Flynn (November 16, 1847 -- June 7, 1927) was a Canadian politician and the tenth Premier of Quebec.	Edmund James Flynn	Premier of Quebec
position held	Dieter Reiter (born 19 May 1958 in Rain, Swabia) is a German politician and the current mayor of Munich, the capital of the state of Bavaria.	Dieter Reiter	mayor
position held	Peter McMartin was the second Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey.	Peter McMartin	Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey
position held	Gregory Dodds was Dean of Exeter between 1560 and 1570.	Gregory Dodds	Dean of Exeter
position held	Woodrow Stanley, a Democratic Party politician, is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from the 34th District.	Woodrow Stanley	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Frank A. Salvatore (June 2, 1922 -- July 16, 2014) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate and the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Frank A. Salvatore	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position held	In all, Paul Bruchési was a priest for over 60 years and a bishop for 40 years.	Paul Bruchési	bishop
position held	Inayatullah Khan Seraj (October 20, 1888 -- August 12, 1946) was the King of Afghanistan from 14 January 1929 to 17 January 1929.	Inayatullah Khan	King of Afghanistan
position held	Brigadier General Raimundo Rolón Villasanti (Paraguarí, March 14, 1903 -- Asunción, November 17, 1981) was briefly President of Paraguay from January 30, 1949 to February 27, 1949.	Raimundo Rolón	President of Paraguay
position held	Jacques Savary de Lancosme was French ambassador to the Ottoman Porte from 1585 to 1589.	Jacques Savary de Lancosme	ambassador
position held	Michael David Pfeifer (born May 18, 1937) is the Roman Catholic bishop emeritus of the Diocese of San Angelo.	Michael David Pfeifer	bishop
position held	Pietro Ungarello di Marco de' Natali, better known as Petrus de Natalibus (d. 1400 x 1406), was an Italian bishop and the author of a collection of lives of the saints.	Petrus de Natalibus	bishop
position held	Charles Constance César Joseph Matthieu d'Agoult (born at Grenoble, 1747; died at Paris, 1824) was a French Roman Catholic bishop, afterwards a political writer.	Charles Constance César Joseph Matthieu d'Agoult	bishop
position held	Miguel Pedro Mundo (July 25, 1937 -- May 18, 1999) was an American-born bishop of the Catholic Church in the Brazil.	Miguel Pedro Mundo	bishop
position held	Gregorio Barbarigo (Gregory Barbarigo; 16 September 1625 - 18 June 1697) was an Italian cardinal, diplomat, and scholar.	Gregorio Barbarigo	cardinal
position held	Eemil Nestor Setälä, (27 February 1864 in Kokemäki -- 8 February 1935 in Helsinki) was a Finnish politician and once the Chairman of the Senate of Finland, from September 1917 to November 1917.	Eemil Nestor Setälä	Senate of Finland
position held	George David Cummins (December 11, 1822 -- June 26, 1876) was an American bishop and founder of the Reformed Episcopal Church.	George David Cummins	bishop
position held	Due to the fact that Mainz Cathedral lay partially in ruins St. Peter's was chosen for the inauguration of bishop Joseph Ludwig Colmar in 1803.	Joseph Ludwig Colmar	bishop
position held	Liamine Zéroual (Arabic: اليمين زروال‎ ALA-LC: al-Yamīn Zarwāl; Berber: Lyamin Ẓerwal; born 3 July 1941) was the fourth President of Algeria from 31 January 1994 to 27 April 1999.	Liamine Zéroual	President of Algeria
position held	David Eugene Fellhauer (born August 19, 1939) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who was the second bishop of Bishop of Victoria in Texas.	David Eugene Fellhauer	bishop
position played on team / speciality	Đorđe Babalj (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђopђe Бaбaљ; born May 3, 1981 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian Serb football goalkeeper playing for FK Borac Čačak in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Đorđe Babalj	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nasreddine Kraouche (Arabic: نصر الدين كراوش‎; born August 27, 1979 in Thionville, Moselle, France) is a retired Algerian football midfielder.	Nasreddine Kraouche	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michael Reddy (born 24 March 1980 in Kilkenny) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a forward from 1997 to 2007.	Michael Reddy	forward
position played on team / speciality	Altin Lala (born 18 November 1975 in Tiranë) is an Albanian former footballer who played as a midfielder.	Altin Lala	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dávid Disztl (born 5 January 1985 in Hungary) is a forward striker footballer.	Dávid Disztl	forward
position played on team / speciality	Taison Barcellos Freda, or simply Taison, (born 13 January 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Ukrainian Premier League club Shakhtar Donetsk.	Taison	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bill Heindl Sr. (May 16, 1922 in Winnipeg, Manitoba -- April 13, 1979) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who played on 2 Memorial Cup Championships.	Bill Heindl Sr.	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Clément Chantôme (born 11 September 1987) is a French professional footballer who plays for Bordeaux in Ligue 1 as a central midfielder.	Clément Chantôme	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jesús Tartilán Requejo (born 2 August 1940) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and a current coach.	Jesús Tartilán	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gord Donnelly (born April 5, 1962 in Montreal, Quebec) is a former ice hockey defenceman.	Gord Donnelly	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Baltasar Sánchez Martín (born 9 May 1962), commonly known as Balta, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and the current manager of Zamora CF.	Baltasar Sánchez Martín	defender
position played on team / speciality	Waldemar Mota da Fonseca (18 March 1906 -- April 1966), known as Valdemar Mota, was a Portuguese football player who played midfielder and forward for FC Porto.	Valdemar Mota	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joan Barbarà Mata (born 23 July 1966) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward, and the current auxiliary coach of FC Barcelona.	Joan Barbarà	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kristoffer Thydell (born 17 April 1993) is a Swedish footballer who plays for as a midfielder.	Kristoffer Thydell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yazid Mansouri (Arabic: يزيد منصوري‎, Yazīd Manṣūrī) (born 25 February 1978 in Revin, Ardennes, France) is a retired Algerian footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Yazid Mansouri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sefanaia Naivalu (born 7 January 1992) is a Fijian rugby union player who currently plays as a centre or wing for the Melbourne Rebels in the international Super Rugby competition.	Sefanaia Naivalu	centre
position played on team / speciality	Jens Kristian Hansen (born 3 September 1971) is a former Faroese football defender or midfielder.	Jens Kristian Hansen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gerald Neil (born 22 August 1978, in Kingston) is a Jamaican football defender.	Gerald Neil	defender
position played on team / speciality	Walter Junghans (born 26 October 1958 in Hamburg) was a German footballer who played goalkeeper.	Walter Junghans	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cyril Towers (30 July 1906 -- 9 June 1985) was an Australian rugby union player, a state and national representative centre who made 57 appearances for the Wallabies, played in 19 Test matches and captained the national side on three occasions in 1937.	Cyril Towers	centre
position played on team / speciality	Gilles Rousset (born August 22, 1963, in Hyères, Var) is a French former professional footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.	Gilles Rousset	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sjors Paridaans (born 23 January 1986 in Eindhoven) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender for Belgian side Berchem Sport.	Sjors Paridaans	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adam Berti (born July 1, 1986 in Scarborough, Ontario) is a professional ice hockey left winger.	Adam Berti	winger
position played on team / speciality	John Jay Caufield (born July 17, 1960) is an American former NHL right winger.	Jay Caufield	winger
position played on team / speciality	Wahid Sali is a versatile defender who can play as a right back or center back.	Wahid Sali	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hamidreza Taherkhani (Persian: حمیدرضا طاهرخانی‎‎) is an Iranian Football forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Rah Ahan in the Iran Pro League	Hamidreza Taherkhani	forward
position played on team / speciality	Árpád Majoros (born 21 December 1983 in Szolnok) is a Hungarian football player who plays as a midfielder.	Árpád Majoros	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Fortes (born 27 April 1974 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a retired Dutch football (soccer) forward.	Carlos Fortes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Martin Mensah (born 3 July 1981) is a Ghanaian football midfielder who played for F.C. Zob Ahan in Iran's Premier Football League.	Mohammed Martin Mensah	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Abrahams (born 31 October 1973) is an English former footballer who played as a forward or as a winger in the Football League, most notably for Colchester United, where he made over 100 league appearances in two spells between 1992 and 1999.	Paul Abrahams	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dominique Dropsy (9 December 1951 -- 7 October 2015) was a French footballer who played goalkeeper, and who earned seventeen international caps for the French national team during the late 1970s, early 1980s.	Dominique Dropsy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hussain Niyaz Mohamed (born 19 March 1987) nicknamed ``Bokury'', is a Maldivian footballer who plays as a winger for Maziya and Maldives national team.	Hussain Niyaz Mohamed	winger
position played on team / speciality	Marcel Correia (born 16 May 1989 in Kaiserslautern) is a German born Portuguese footballer who plays for Eintracht Braunschweig, as a centre-back.	Marcel Correia	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	José Pedro Alberto (born August 2, 1987 in Luanda) better known as Mabiná is an Angolan football midfielder.	José Pedro Alberto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	The next tournament, with Abreu having an early departure in the early-half of the tournament because of contractual problems, Juan Carlos Cacho became the team's prized forward with 8 goals in the regular league and two in the reclassification (in which Cruz Azul was eliminated).	Juan Carlos Cacho	forward
position played on team / speciality	Wesley Boyle (born 30 March 1979) from Northern Ireland is a football midfielder, who currently plays for Loughgall.	Wesley Boyle	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maxlei dos Santos Luzia or simply Max (born February 27, 1975 in Rio de Janeiro), is a former Brazilian goalkeeper.	Maxlei dos Santos Luzia	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pietro Vierchowod (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpjɛtro ˈvjɛrkovud); born 6 April 1959) is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender, and a current manager.	Pietro Vierchowod	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Jezuíno Avanzi (30 January 1949 -- 8 October 2008), best known as Chicão, was a Brazilian association football player in defensive midfielder role.	Chicão	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Renato de Araújo Chaves Júnior (born 4 May 1990), known as Renato Chaves or simply Renato, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Fluminense as a central defender.	Renato Chaves	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mandar Rao Desai (born 18 March 1992 in Mapusa in Goa) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a left winger for FC Goa in the I-League.	Mandar Rao Desai	winger
position played on team / speciality	Labinot Harbuzi (born 4 April 1986) is a Swedish footballer of Kosovar-Albanian descent who plays as a midfielder.	Labinot Harbuzi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Connor Taylor (born 5 September 1992) is an English footballer who currently plays for Conference North side Tamworth, where he plays as a midfielder.	Connor Taylor	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleg Zoteev (born 5 July 1989 in Olmaliq, Uzbek SSR) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays for home town club Lokomotiv Tashkent playing in Uzbek League as a midfielder.	Oleg Zoteev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Muhamed Demiri (Macedonian: Мухамед Демири) (born 20 November 1985 in Bern) is a Macedonian footballer of ethnic Albanian origin who plays as a midfielder.	Muhamed Demiri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Igor Magogin (born September 16, 1981) is a Russian professional ice hockey centre who currently plays with Yugra Khanty-Mansiysk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Igor Magogin	centre
position played on team / speciality	Peter Houseman (24 December 1945 -- 20 March 1977) was an English footballer who played as a winger.	Peter Houseman	winger
position played on team / speciality	Frankie Artus (born 27 September 1988 in Bristol) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Conference South side Bath City.	Frankie Artus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicola Ravaglia (born 12 December 1988) is an Italian footballer who plays for Cremonese, as a goalkeeper.	Nicola Ravaglia	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michele Cruciani (born 4 May 1986 in Rome) is an Italian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Matera Calcio as a midfielder.	Michele Cruciani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Greg Kiltie (born 18 January 1997) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Kilmarnock, as a winger.	Greg Kiltie	winger
position played on team / speciality	Victoria Frederick (born June 23, 1989) is an American professional soccer midfielder and forward.	Victoria Frederick	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bryan Orritt (22 February 1937 -- 24 March 2014) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as an inside forward or wing half.	Bryan Orritt	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Broich (born 29 January 1981) is a German football player who plays for Brisbane Roar in the A-League as an attacking midfielder.	Thomas Broich	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hugo Sá Tavares (born 23 February 1995 in Ribeira Quente - São Miguel) also known as Besugo, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Santa Clara as a forward.	Besugo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Angel Rahov (Bulgarian: Ангел Стоянов Рахов; born 1 July 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender or defensive midfielder for Montana.	Angel Rahov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Henrik Ipsen (born 30 June 1973) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper.	Henrik Ipsen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nicholas Doro (born on December 27, 1974) is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for AS Rivière du Rempart as a goalkeeper.	Nicholas Doro	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Juan Ignacio Duma (born 8 December 1993 in Vedia, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentinian footballer who currently plays for Huachipato as forward.	Juan Ignacio Duma	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mária Korenčiová is a Slovak football goalkeeper currently playing for SC Sand in the 2nd Bundesliga, Germany's second tier.	Mária Korenčiová	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lalakai Foketi (born 22 December 1994) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a centre for the Melbourne Rebels in the international Super Rugby competition.	Lalakai Foketi	centre
position played on team / speciality	Boris Sekulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Борис Секулић, born 21 October 1991) is a Serbian football defender who currently plays for ŠK Slovan Bratislava.	Boris Sekulić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joaquim Filipe dos Santos (born 1896 in Setúbal - deceased) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder.	Joaquim Filipe dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Alves dos Santos or simply Rafael Santos, (born 10 November 1984 in Jaboticabal) is a Brazilian central defender.	Rafael Alves dos Santos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Volkan Ekici (born 23 March 1991 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Lüner SV of the Landesliga 3 Westfalen in Germany.	Volkan Ekici	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Calvin Parker MacDonald (born June 14, 1933 in Sydney, Nova Scotia) was a professional ice hockey left winger who played for a number of NHL teams in his 18-year career.	Parker MacDonald	winger
position played on team / speciality	Rudy Doliscat (born November 16, 1967 in Port-au-Prince, Haïti) is a former professional Canadian soccer defender.	Rudy Doliscat	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nándor Hargitai also known as Nándor Szirmai (20 October 1919 -- 11 September 2006) was a Hungarian football midfielder.	Nándor Hargitai	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Todd Strobeck (born August 17, 1966 in Seattle, Washington) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who four seasons in the Western Soccer Alliance, one in the American Professional Soccer League, one in Major Indoor Soccer League and at least one in USISL.	Todd Strobeck	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Elena Sadiku (born 6 November 1993) is a Swedish football midfielder of Kosovar descent, currently playing for Eskilstuna United of the Damallsvenskan.	Elena Sadiku	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mirza Kurtović (born Augurt 02, 1977) is a former Macedonian professional basketball point guard who played for MZT Aerodrom, Rabotnički, Kumanovo in Macedonia.	Mirza Kurtović	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Stephen McManus (born 10 September 1982) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Scottish Premiership club Motherwell.	Stephen McManus	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Alessio Alessandro (born 19 April 1996) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Patro Eisden as a midfielder on loan from Genk.	Alessio Alessandro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Luiz Ramires Vieira, known as João Luiz (born December 20, 1985 in Brazil), is a footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Adanaspor.	João Luiz Ramires Vieira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexandre Durimel (born 16 March 1990) is a French footballer who plays as a defender at CA Bastia.	Alexandre Durimel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hiroki Higuchi (樋口 寛規, born April 16, 1992) is a Japanese football player who plays as a forward.	Hiroki Higuchi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Basile Aka Kouamé (born 6 April 1963) is a retired Côte d'Ivoire international footballer, who played as a defender.	Basile Aka Kouamé	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco D'Alessandro (born 17 February 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre midfielder for Serie A club Atalanta.	Marco D'Alessandro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wandrille Lefèvre (born December 17, 1988) is a Canadian soccer player who plays for Montreal Impact in Major League Soccer, as a midfielder or defender.	Wandrille Lefèvre	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jair Nunes do Espírito Santo also known as Jair (born 15 September 1994) is a Santomean international footballer who plays for CD Cruz as a midfielder.	Jair Nunes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martin Poljovka (born 9 January 1975) is a former Slovak football defender who recently played for the Corgoň Liga club Banská Bystrica.	Martin Poljovka	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luis Ricardo Esqueda Ornelas (born 25 February 1981) in Aguascalientes, Mexico, is a Mexican professional footballer, who plays as midfielder or full-back for Querétaro in the Liga MX.	Luis Ricardo Esqueda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mikko Mäenpää (born April 19, 1983) is Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for HC Ambrì-Piotta in the National League A (NLA).	Mikko Mäenpää	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	N'Golo Kanté (born 29 March 1991) is a French professional footballer who plays for English Premier League side Leicester City, as a central midfielder.	N'Golo Kanté	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martin Kokaljiev (born 10 May 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer (midfielder) currently playing for Sliven.	Martin Kokaljiev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Rayhi (born 1 July 1994, in Eindhoven) is a Dutch professional football player from Moroccon descent who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for NEC in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Mohamed Rayhi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Boyce (born 5 November 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Scunthorpe United.	Andrew Boyce	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jhon Cagua is an Ecuadorean defender who currently plays for FC Haka.	Jhon Cagua	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Reynaldo Clavasquín Bejarano (born 28 January 1972 in Puerto Cortés) is a retired Honduran football defender and current manager for Valle.	Reynaldo Clavasquín	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ali Boumnijel (Arabic: علي بومنيجل‎, born 13 April 1966 in Menzel Jemil) is a Tunisian football goalkeeper currently working for China national football team as goalkeeping coach.	Ali Boumnijel	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David G. Grigoryan (born 17 July 1989), is an Armenian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Mika of Yerevan.	David G. Grigoryan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	George Ridsdale (born 1878, deceased) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half.	George Ridsdale	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Joe Marler (born 7 July 1990) is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Aviva Premiership playing primarily as a Prop.	Joe Marler	Prop
position played on team / speciality	Kennedy Bakircioglu (Turkish: Bakırcıoğlu; Turkish pronunciation: (baˈkirt͡ʃoːɫʊ);born 2 November 1980) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hammarby.	Kennedy Bakircioglu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alec Stock was born in Peasedown St John, Somerset, and played as an inside-forward for Tottenham Hotspur, Charlton Athletic and Queens Park Rangers before the Second World War and guested for several other clubs during the hostilities.	Alec Stock	forward
position played on team / speciality	Zié Diabaté (born 2 March 1989 in M'Pody) is an Ivorian football defender who plays for French club AC Ajaccio.	Zié Diabaté	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paul Wheatcroft (born 22 November 1980) is an English footballer who played as a forward.	Paul Wheatcroft	forward
position played on team / speciality	Soni Mustivar (born 12 February 1990) is a Haitian footballer who usually plays as a defensive midfielder, but can also be utilized as an attacker.	Soni Mustivar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Furnell (born June 1874 in West Ham, Essex) was an English footballer whose position was goalkeeper.	David Furnell	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alessio Romagnoli (Italian pronunciation: (aˈlɛssjo romaɲˈɲɔːli); born 12 January 1995) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Milan.	Alessio Romagnoli	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Mehdi Pashazadeh (Persian: مهدی پاشازاده‎‎, born December 27, 1973 in Tehran) is a former Iranian football defender, and now a football coach.	Mehdi Pashazadeh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Willard Katsande (born 15 January 1986 in Mutoko, Mashonaland East Province) is a Zimbabwean professional footballer, who currently plays as a midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Kaizer Chiefs and for the Zimbabwe national team.	Willard Katsande	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Paulo Pinto Ribeiro (born 8 April 1980 in Porto), known as João Paulo, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Tirsense as a centre forward.	João Paulo Pinto Ribeiro	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nicolau Colaco (born 16 May 1984) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for FC Goa in the Indian Super League, on loan from I-League club Salgaocar.	Nicolau Colaco	defender
position played on team / speciality	Emil Petkov (Bulgarian: Емил Петков; born 16 June 1980) is a former Bulgarian footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Emil Petkov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Félix Geybels (23 November 1935 -- 15 November 2013) was a Belgian international footballer who primarily played as a defender.	Félix Geybels	defender
position played on team / speciality	Arne Hjertsson (4 September 1918 -- 12 June 1987) was a Swedish footballer who played as a forward.	Arne Hjertsson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Branislav Danilović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранислав Даниловић; born 24 June 1988) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays as a for OTP Bank Liga club Videoton.	Branislav Danilović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gilmerson dos Santos Mota, commonly known as Gil Bahia, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Saba Qom.	Gilmerson dos Santos Mota	defender
position played on team / speciality	Polychronis Vezyridis (Greek: Πολυχρόνης Βεζυρίδης, born 30 November 1974) is a retired professional Greek football goalkeeper who last played for Superleague side OFI Crete.	Polychronis Vezyridis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Shawky Gharieb Bayoumi (Arabic: شوقي غريب‎) (born 26 February 1959) is a former football midfielder who played for Ghazl El-Mehalla and the Egypt national football team.	Shawky Gharieb	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kemokai Kallon nickname Panbody (born March 17, 1972 in Kenema, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean footballer (defender) playing currently for Kallon F.C. where he is the captain of the team.	Kemokai Kallon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kieran Marmion (born 11 February 1992) is an Irish rugby union player who primarily plays as a scrum-half.	Kieran Marmion	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Sam Garba Okoye (1948 -- 31 July 1978) was a Nigerian ex-footballer who played as a forward for the Nigerian national football team after he made his debut in a match against Gabon on August 30, 1965.	Sam Garba	forward
position played on team / speciality	Billy Konstantinidis, also known as Vasilis Konstantinidis (Greek: Βασίλης Κωνσταντινίδης, born 21 April 1986) is an Australian footballer who plays as a forward for Aris in the Football League 2.	Billy Konstantinidis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jan Rosenthal (born 7 April 1986) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bundesliga club SV Darmstadt 98.	Jan Rosenthal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Boris Deugoué N'Gagoué (born 2 November 1985 in Yaoundé) is a French football defender of Cameroonian descent.	Boris Deugoué	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Ibriks (born 6 October 1987) is a Croatian football defender, currently a free agent after playing for RNK Split in the Prva HNL.	Ivan Ibriks	defender
position played on team / speciality	Arsen Petrosyan (Armenian: Արսեն Պետրոսյան, born on 27 September 1991 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian football player who currently plays goalkeeper for the Armenian national team and for Armenian Premier League club Gandzasar Kapan.	Arsen Petrosyan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	On 2 February 2011, Groningen sporting director Hans Nijland said Tim Matavž had already agreed terms with Napoli and that he was looking forward to joining them.	Tim Matavž	forward
position played on team / speciality	Aleksejs Višņakovs (born 3 February 1984 in Riga) is a Latvian football midfielder, who currently plays for Skonto Rīga in Latvian Higher League.	Aleksejs Višņakovs	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brett Darby (born 10 November 1983) is a semi professional footballer currently playing with Shepshed Dynamo in the Midland Football League, where he plays as a midfielder.	Brett Darby	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Preben Arentoft (born November 1, 1942) is a Danish former football player who played in the midfielder position.	Preben Arentoft	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohammad Shatnawi (born in 1985) is a Jordanian football player who is a goalkeeper for Al-Faisaly (Amman) and the Jordan national football team.	Mohammad Shatnawi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Blaise Matuidi (French pronunciation: ​(blɛz ma.tɥi.di); born 9 April 1987) is a French international footballer who currently plays for French club PSG in Ligue 1 as a central midfielder.	Blaise Matuidi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pikul Khueanpet (Thai: พิกุล เขื่อนเพ็ชร born 20 September 1988) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Pikul Khueanpet	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Robayo (born April 24, 1984 in Bogotá) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Millonarios, as a midfielder.	Rafael Robayo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lee Kyu-seong (Hangul: 이규성; born May 10, 1994) is a South Korean football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Busan I'Park in the K-League.	Lee Kyu-seong	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yeung Chi Lun (born 20 November 1989 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Happy Valley as a midfielder.	Yeung Chi Lun	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dougie McCracken (21 July 1964 -- 5 May 2011) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as both a defender and a forward.	Dougie McCracken	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Kneißl (born 13 January 1983) is a German former professional footballer, who played as a midfielder and striker.	Sebastian Kneißl	midfielder
present in work	Niall Rafferty (real name Matthew McQueen) is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Barry Sloane.	Niall Rafferty	Hollyoaks
present in work	Yugoloths were originally called daemons in the first edition of Dungeons and Dragons, possibly linking to the daemon of Greek mythology.	Yugoloth	Dungeons and Dragons
present in work	The Skipper is the title and nickname of Jonas Grumby, a fictional character from the 1960s situation comedy Gilligan's Island.	The Skipper	Gilligan's Island
present in work	Genasi are creatures in the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.	Genasi	Dungeons & Dragons
present in work	Colin Mallory is a fictional character on the American science fiction television series Sliders, played by Charlie O'Connell.	Colin Mallory	Sliders
present in work	Rick Deckard is a fictional character and the protagonist of Philip K. Dick's 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?.	Rick Deckard	Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep
present in work	Railspike is the name of several fictional characters in the various Transformers universes.	Railspike	Transformers
present in work	Eve (Hebrew: חַוָּה‎, Classical Hebrew: Ḥawwāh, Modern Israeli Hebrew: Chavah, Arabic: حواء‎, Syriac: ܚܘܐ, Tigrinya: ሕይዋን? or Hiywan) is a figure in the Book of Genesis in the Hebrew Bible.	Eve	Bible
present in work	Leonard Swindley was a fictional character on the British television ITV soap opera Coronation Street.	Leonard Swindley	Coronation Street
present in work	Fitor is the name of several fictional character in the Gobots, Robo Machines and Transformers series.	Fitor	Transformers
present in work	Special Agent Dwight Harris, played by Matt Servitto, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.	Dwight Harris	The Sopranos
publication date	Xplodera mig 2000 is the second solo album from Swedish rock legend Joakim Thåström and it was released in 1991.	Xplodera mig 2000	1991
publication date	Katputtli is a 2006 Bollywood thriller film directed by Sanjay Khanna.	Katputtli	2006
publication date	The Snorkel is a 1958 British thriller film from Hammer Films.	The Snorkel	1958
publication date	The Doe Boy is a 2001 independent drama film written and directed by Randy Redroad.	The Doe Boy	2001
publication date	İksir (En: Elixir) is a 2014 Turkish live action/animated film, directed by Birkan Uz.	İksir	2014
publication date	Snow White The Power of Dwarfs (Chinese: 白雪公主之矮人力量) is a 2014 Chinese animated comedy fantasy adventure film directed by Adam Qiu.	Snow White The Power of Dwarfs	2014
publication date	Grandad Rudd is a 1935 comedy featuring the Dad and Dave characters created by Steele Rudd and based on a play by Rudd.	Grandad Rudd	1935
publication date	Facing Sudan is a documentary film released in 2007.	Facing Sudan	2007
publication date	Diamond Jim is a 1935 biographical film based on the published biography Diamond Jim Brady by Parker Morell.	Diamond Jim	1935
publication date	Seven Times Lucky is a Canadian crime drama film, released in 2004.	Seven Times Lucky	2004
publication date	Live Free or Die Hard (also known as Die Hard 4 and released as Die Hard 4.0 outside North America) is a 2007 American action film, and the fourth installment in the Die Hard film series.	Live Free or Die Hard	2007
publication date	Serial Killing 4 Dummys is a 1999 dark comedy film written and directed by Trace Slobotkin and starring Thomas Hayden Church and Justin Urich.	Serial Killing 4 Dummys	1999
publication date	Electrical Skeletal is a 2007 comedy/horror/musical short film directed by Brian Lonano.	Electrical Skeletal	2007
publication date	Love at Twenty (French: L'amour à vingt ans, Japanese: Hatachi no koi, Italian: L'amore a vent'anni, German: Liebe mit zwanzig, Polish: Miłość dwudziestolatków) is a 1962 French-produced omnibus project of Pierre Roustang, consisting of five segments directed by five directors from five different countries.	Love at Twenty	1962
publication date	Cornbread, Earl and Me is a 1975 American drama film that stars Tierre Turner, Laurence Fishburne, and Jamaal Wilkes.	Cornbread, Earl and Me	1975
publication date	Arunodoyer Agnishikha (Bengali: অরুণোদয়ের অগ্নিশিখা) or Flame of Sunrise is a first-person shooter video game developed by Trimatrik Interactive and published by SHOM Computers Ltd. in 2004.	Arunodoyer Agnishikha	2004
publication date	Barber's Tales (Filipino: Mga Kuwentong Barbero) is a 2013 Filipino drama film by Jun Robles Lana.	Barber's Tales	2013
publication date	The Mis-Education of the Negro is a book originally published in 1933 by Dr. Carter G. Woodson.	The Mis-Education of the Negro	1933
publication date	Raja Kaiya Vacha (English: If Raja lay hands) is a 1990 Indian Tamil film, directed by Suresh Krishna, starring Prabhu and Gouthami in lead roles.	Raja Kaiya Vacha	1990
publication date	Niel Lynne is a 1985 Australian film about a young man during the 1960s.	Niel Lynne	1985
publication date	Mission to Mir is a 1997 documentary film about the Mir Space Station.	Mission to Mir	1997
publication date	What Makes a Family is a 2001 American television movie from Lifetime Television.	What Makes a Family	2001
publication date	Story of the White-haired Demon Girl is a three-part 1959 Hong Kong film adapted from Liang Yusheng's novel Baifa Monü Zhuan.	Story of the White-haired Demon Girl	1959
publication date	The Divorcée (German:Die geschiedene Frau is a 1953 German musical film directed by George Jacoby and starring Marika Rökk, Johannes Heesters and Hans Nielsen. It was based on the operetta Die geschiedene Frau by Leo Fall and Victor Léon.	The Divorcée	1953
publication date	The Blindflyers (German: Die Blindgänger) is a 2004 film directed by Bernd Sahling.	The Blindflyers	2004
publication date	Titan Empire is a 1983 computer strategy/action game developed and published by MUSE Software.	Titan Empire	1983
publication date	Patti Smith Complete is a lyrics collection by Patti Smith, originally published in 1998.	Patti Smith Complete	1998
publication date	Short Circuit 2 is a 1988 American comic science fiction film, the sequel to 1986's film Short Circuit.	Short Circuit 2	1988
publication date	Perfectly Normal is a Canadian comedy film, released by Alliance Releasing in 1991.	Perfectly Normal	1991
publication date	Specimens of Bushman Folklore is a book by the linguist Wilhelm H. I. Bleek and Lucy C. Lloyd which was published in 1911.	Specimens of Bushman Folklore	1911
publication date	SOBER-128 is a synchronous stream cipher designed by Hawkes and Rose (2003) and is a member of the SOBER family of ciphers.	SOBER-128	2003
publication date	The Right Mistake (Chinese: 将错就错) is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Wang Ning.	The Right Mistake	2015
publication date	Vamshodharaka (Kannada: ವಂಶೋದ್ಧಾರಕ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada language family drama film directed by Aditya Chikkanna and produced by actor Aravind Rathasapthami.	Vamshodharaka	2015
publication date	Bettada Hoovu is a 1985 Indian Kannada language film directed by N. Lakshminarayan and produced by Parvathamma Rajkumar.	Bettada Hoovu	1985
publication date	A Strange Course of Events is a 2013 French-Israeli drama film directed by Raphaël Nadjari.	A Strange Course of Events	2013
publication date	Pororo, Cyberspace Adventure (Hangul: 뽀로로 극장판 컴퓨터 왕국 대모험; RR: Bbororo Geugjangpan Keompyuteo Wanggug Daemoheom) is a 2015 South Korean animated film based on based on the animated series Pororo the Little Penguin.	Pororo, Cyberspace Adventure	2015
publication date	Super Battletank is a 1992 tank simulation single-player video game which takes place during Operation Desert Storm.	Super Battletank	1992
publication date	Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a 1968 British musical film loosely based on Ian Fleming's novel Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang:	Chitty Chitty Bang Bang	1968
publication date	Canciones folklóricas de América (Folk Songs of America) is a music album released by Quilapayún and Víctor Jara in 1967.	Canciones folklóricas de América	1967
publication date	Premism (Kannada: ಪ್ರೇಮಿಸಂ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language romantic film directed by Ratnaja of Nenapirali fame.	Premism	2010
publication date	Pispisa khanum and Mouse bey, also known as Tig-Tig Khanim, (Azerbaijani: Pıspısa xanım və Siçan bəy, is a 1974 Soviet animated short by Masud Panahi and Aghanaghi Akhundov. The animation was based on Abdulla Shaig's ``Tig-tig khanum'' fairytale.	Pispisa khanum and Mouse bey	1974
publication date	The Harvest Shall Come is a 1942 British documentary film about agricultural work between 1900 and World War II, using the story of a farm laborer to illustrate the importance of agriculture, and the importance of supporting workers in this occupation.	The Harvest Shall Come	1942
publication date	Miss Jerry is an 1894 American feature-length black-and-white silent pre-film ``Picture Play'' written and produced by Alexander Black and starring Blanche Bayliss.	Miss Jerry	1894
publication date	John and Julie (1955) is a British comedy film, featuring Peter Sellers and Sid James in early screen roles.	John and Julie	1955
publication date	Hintertreppe (German: Backstairs) was a 1921 silent film.	Hintertreppe	1921
publication date	Blind Dates (Georgian: Brma Paemnebi) is a 2013 Georgian drama film directed by Levan Koguashvili.	Blind Dates	2013
publication date	Late Night Shopping is a 2001 comedy film funded by FilmFour Productions, centering on a group of friends who all work the graveyard shifts.	Late Night Shopping	2001
publication date	Tchindas is a 2015 Spanish-Cape Verdean documentary film directed by Pablo García Pérez de Lara and Marc.	Tchindas	2015
publication date	Smile for the Camera is a short 2005 independent film.	Smile for the Camera	2005
publication date	Adopting Terror is a 2012 drama thriller film released on April 7, 2012.	Adopting Terror	2012
publication date	Mama Manchu Alludu Kanchu is a 2015 Telugu action comedy film written and directed by Srinivass Reddy and produced by Vishnu Manchu under the 24 Frames Factory banner.	Mama Manchu Alludu Kanchu	2015
publication date	Letters from a Killer is a 1998 film about a man who is falsely convicted of the murder of his wife.	Letters from a Killer	1998
publication date	Harlem Nights is a 1989 American crime comedy film written, executive produced, and directed by Eddie Murphy.	Harlem Nights	1989
publication date	Songs She Wrote About People She Knows is a Canadian musical comedy film, released in 2014.	Songs She Wrote About People She Knows	2014
publication date	Shankar Dada Zindabad (translation: Long Live Shankar Dada) is an 2007 Telugu film which is a remake of the 2006 Hindi blockbuster Lage Raho Munnabhai.	Shankar Dada Zindabad	2007
publication date	Face of the Screaming Werewolf is a 1964 horror film created by occasional film maker Jerry Warren from parts of two unrelated Mexican horror films plus two sets of footage which he shot himself at different times.	Face of the Screaming Werewolf	1964
publication date	Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders (PGJR, also known outside of North America as Starla & the Jewel Riders, and sometimes misspelled as ``Princess Guinevere'') is a 1995 American comic fantasy-themed animated children's television series produced by Bohbot Productions and Hasbro in association with Hong Ying Animation.	Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders	1995
publication date	The premiere of Wooden Staircase, (93 min. version) was at the International Film Festival Cottbus, Germany in 1993.	Wooden Staircase	1993
publication date	Song of the West (1930) is a musical operetta film produced by Warner Bros., and photographed entirely in Technicolor.	Song of the West	1930
publication date	Elu Suttina Kote (Kannada: ಏಳು ಸುತ್ತಿನ ಕೋಟೆ) is a critically acclaimed Indian Kannada-language Kannada film released in 1987.	Elu Suttina Kote	1987
publication date	Kala Malam Bulan Mengambang (English: When the Full Moon Rises) is a Malaysian Film noir and being released on 15 January 2008.	Kala Malam Bulan Mengambang	2008
publication date	Aravindhan (Tamil: அரவிந்தன்) is a 1997 Indian Tamil film written and directed by newcomer T. Nagarajan, starring Sarath Kumar, Parthiban, Nagma, Oorvasi, Prakash Raj and Visu in lead and pivotal roles.	Aravindhan	1997
publication date	Lot in Sodom (1933) is a short silent experimental film, based on the Biblical tale of the city of Sodom and Gomorrah.	Lot in Sodom	1933
publication date	Crowned and Dangerous was a 1997 made-for-TV movie based on a true story and starred Yasmine Bleeth, Cassidy Rae, George Eads, Jill Clayburgh and Gates McFadden.	Crowned and Dangerous	1997
publication date	Hamsageethe (Kannada: ಹಂಸಗೀತೆ, The Swan song) is a 1975 Indian feature film in the Kannada language.	Hamsageethe	1975
publication date	Simanaheen (সীমানাহীন; English: Limitless) is 2013 Bengali romance film directed by Kevin Dalvi and Ria Mahtab.	Simanaheen	2013
publication date	Nature Calls is an 2012 American comedy film, released on November 9, 2012 and the DVD version on January 22, 2013.	Nature Calls	2012
publication date	Final Days of Planet Earth is a 2006 science fiction miniseries directed by Robert Lieberman and written by Roger Soffer.	Final Days of Planet Earth	2006
publication date	Sandhya Raga (Kannada: ಸಂಧ್ಯಾರಾಗ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film, directed by A C Narasimha Murthy and produced by A C Narasimha Murthy and A Prabhakara Rao.	Sandhya Raga	1966
publication date	Shaolin Warrior (Orig. Po jie da shi) is a 1984 kung fu film directed by Chia-Liang Liu.	Shaolin Warrior	1984
publication date	Chi Girl is a 1999 award-winning film produced, directed, written by, and starring Heidi Van Lier.	Chi Girl	1999
publication date	Amar Praner Priya (Bengali: আমার প্রাণের প্রিয়া; English: My Beloved Dear) is a 2009 Dallywood Bengali romantic comedy film directed by Jakir Hossain Raju.	Amar Praner Priya	2009
publication date	Em Busca de Iara is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Flavio Frederico about the guerrilla Iara Iavelberg, a woman who participated in the armed struggle against the dictatorship in Brazil.	Em Busca de Iara	2013
publication date	Laborer's Love (Chinese: 劳工之爱情; pinyin: Laogong zhi aiqing) is a 1922 short film produced in China, and premiered October 5, 1922 at the Olympic Theater in Shanghai.	Laborer's Love	1922
publication date	The Great Mountain Biking Video is a mountain biking instructional videotape, produced in 1987 and released in 1988 by San Diego, USA video production company New & Unique Videos.	The Great Mountain Biking Video	1988
publication date	Lasca of the Rio Grande is a 1931 film based on the poem ``Lasca'' by Frank Deprez.	Lasca of the Rio Grande	1931
publication date	Mug Travel (Hangul: 빼꼼의 머그잔 여행; RR: Ppaekkom-ui meogeu-jan yeohaeng, known as My Friend Bernard in English) is a 2007 South Korean computer-animated film, directed by Lim Ah-ron and based on his animated TV series, Bernard.	Mug Travel	2007
publication date	A Woman Named Jackie is a 1991 American made for television miniseries chronicling the life of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.	A Woman Named Jackie	1991
publication date	Talíře nad Velkým Malíkovem is a 1977 Czechoslovak science fiction comedy film directed by Jaromil Jireš.	Talíře nad Velkým Malíkovem	1977
publication date	A Rose for Everyone (Italian: Una rosa per tutti) is a 1967 Italian film.	A Rose for Everyone	1967
publication date	Google Maps Road Trip was a live-streaming documentary produced by Marc Horowitz and Peter Baldes between August 10 and August 18, 2009.	Google Maps Road Trip	2009
publication date	How I Married My High School Crush is a Lifetime Movie which aired on July 1, 2007, it stars Katee Sackhoff and Kim Poirier.	How I Married My High School Crush	2007
publication date	Dusty Bates is a 1947 British, Technicolor, children's film, directed by Darrell Catling and starring Ronald Shiner as 'Squeaky' Watts and Anthony Newley in the title role.	Dusty Bates	1947
publication date	It Is the Law is a 1924 American silent mystery film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Arthur Hohl, Herbert Hayes, and Mona Palma.	It Is the Law	1924
publication date	Sa Paraiso ni Efren (English Title: Efren's Paradise) is a 1999 Tagalog-language Filipino film that tackles emotional entanglements that interweave an unusual four-way relationship.	Sa Paraiso ni Efren	1999
publication date	Mallboy is an Australian film released in 2001, written and directed by Vincent Giarrusso, which depicts the difficulties faced by an adolescent trying to grow up in a community plagued by social problems.	Mallboy	2001
publication date	Map of the Human Heart was screened out of competition at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.	Map of the Human Heart	1992
publication date	The Highest Ideals is a 1955 American student documentary film produced in Technicolor for the National Society of Pershing Rifles.	The Highest Ideals	1955
publication date	Bahumati is an Indian romantic comedy-drama, released in 2007.	Bahumati	2007
publication date	Mike and Stefani is a 1952 Australian drama film produced by the Film Division, News and Information Bureau of the Department of Interior for the Department of Immigration.	Mike and Stefani	1952
publication date	Gone to Ground is a 1977 Australian TV movie about a man pursued by a killer.	Gone to Ground	1977
publication date	Socks and Cakes is a 2010 American comedy/drama short film directed and written by Antonio Padovan.	Socks and Cakes	2010
publication date	The Lifestyle is a 1999 American documentary about swinging in the United States.	The Lifestyle	1999
publication date	The Winter Stallion is a 1992 Welsh drama film starring Daniel J. Travanti; it is also known as The Christmas Stallion'.	The Winter Stallion	1992
publication date	The Naked Kitchen (Hangul: 키친; RR: Kichin; lit. ``Kitchen'') is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Hong Ji-young.	The Naked Kitchen	2009
publication date	Space Chimps is a 2008 American CGI animatedcomedy science fiction film about three chimpanzees that go into space to an alien planet.	Space Chimps	2008
publication date	Vettai (English: Hunt) is a 2012 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by N. Linguswamy.	Vettai	2012
publication date	How Would You Like to Be the Ice Man? is an 1899 American comedy film.	How Would You Like to Be the Ice Man?	1899
publication date	Jigar is a 1992 Bollywood martial arts action film directed by Farogh Siddique.	Jigar	1992
publication date	Boxing in Barrels is a silent film written and released by Lubin Studios in 1901.	Boxing in Barrels	1901
publication date	Muhammad Ali's Greatest Fight is a 2013 television film about boxer Muhammad Ali's refusal to report for induction into the United States military during the Vietnam War, focusing on how the United States Supreme Court decided to rule in Ali's favor in the 1971 case of Clay v. United States.	Muhammad Ali's Greatest Fight	2013
publication date	Anikka, the first installment of the series, was released on October 2, 2013.	Anikka	2013
publication date	La Cambrure (The Curve) is a 1999 French short film shot in video, directed by Edwige Shaki who also wrote the scenario.	La Cambrure	1999
publication date	A Father for Brittany (also known as A Change of Heart) is a Lifetime Movie aired on television in 1998 and based on a true story.	A Father for Brittany	1998
publication date	The first edition was in French and appeared in Paris in 1830 with the title of ``’Méthode pour la Guitare, par Ferdinand Sor.''	Méthode pour la Guitare	1830
publication date	Outpost 37 (also known as Alien Outpost) is a 2014 science fiction action thriller film.	Outpost 37	2014
publication date	Devil's Partner is a 1958 American film directed by Charles R. Rondeau and produced by Hugh Hooker, an actor and stuntman who had previously made the 1958 film The Littlest Hobo.	Devil's Partner	1958
publication date	American Mystic is a 2010 American documentary film by writer-director Alex Mar. It premiered in the documentary competition at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival.	American Mystic	2010
publication date	Those Merry Souls is a 1985 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Lau Kar Wing.	Those Merry Souls	1985
publication date	The Amazing Panda Adventure is a 1995 family adventure film about a 10-year-old American boy called Ryan Tyler (played by Ryan Slater), who travels to China.	The Amazing Panda Adventure	1995
publication date	72 Tenants of Prosperity (72家租客) is a 2010 Hong Kong comedy film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, Television Broadcasts Limited, United Filmmakers Organization, Sil-Metropole Organisation and Sun Wah Media Group.	72 Tenants of Prosperity	2010
publication date	Gold Diggers of '49 is a 1935 Warner Bros. theatrical cartoon short in the Looney Tunes series.	Gold Diggers of '49	1935
publication date	Kanalkattakal is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film, directed by AB Raj and produced by Thomas Abraham.	Kanalkattakal	1978
publication date	Beyond Our Differences is a documentary film aired December 26, 2008 on the Bill Moyers Journal on PBS.	Beyond Our Differences	2008
publication date	El Manual de los Niños Cool is a Spanish book by Sigfrido Cuen published in 2012.	El Manual de los Niños Cool	2012
publication date	Mapado (Hangul: 마파도) is a 2005 South Korean film directed by Choo Chang-min.	Mapado	2005
publication date	Shegavicha Rana Gajanan is a Marathi released on 11 December 2004.	Shegavicha Rana Gajanan	2004
publication date	Wings of the Falcon is a thriller, historical romance novel by Barbara Michaels published originally in 1977.	Wings of the Falcon	1977
publication date	A Christmas Detour is a 2015 American holiday romantic comedy directed by Ron Oliver and starring Candace Cameron Bure, Paul Greene, and Sarah Strange.	A Christmas Detour	2015
publication date	Shake, Rattle & Roll 13 is a 2011 Filpino horror anthology film in three acts from Regal Films.	Shake, Rattle & Roll 13	2011
publication date	Legend of the Bat, also known as Bat Island Adventure or Clans of Intrigue 2, is a 1978 Hong Kong wuxia film adapted from Bianfu Chuanqi of Gu Long's Chu Liuxiang novel series.	Legend of the Bat	1978
publication date	Twenty Bucks is a 1993 film that follows the travels of a $20 bill from its delivery via armored car in an unnamed American city through various transactions and incidents from person to person.	Twenty Bucks	1993
publisher	The Journal of Personality and Social Psychology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Psychological Association that was established in 1965.	Journal of Personality and Social Psychology	American Psychological Association
publisher	The Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics (aka JPET) is a peer-reviewed pharmacology journal published since 1909 by the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics (ASPET).	Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics	American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics
publisher	Put Out More Flags, the sixth novel by Evelyn Waugh, was first published by Chapman and Hall in 1942.	Put Out More Flags	Chapman and Hall
publisher	Ollie King is arcade skateboard racing game developed by Amusement Vision and published by Sega for Sega Chihiro hardware in March 2004, following limited location tests in late 2003.	Ollie King	Sega
publisher	What Is Mathematics? is a mathematics book written by Richard Courant and Herbert Robbins, published in England by Oxford University Press.	What Is Mathematics?	Oxford University Press
publisher	Darker Than You Think by Jack Williamson, originally a novelette, was expanded into novel length and published by Fantasy Press in 1948.	Darker Than You Think	Fantasy Press
publisher	The Titan's Curse was published by Miramax Books, an imprint of Hyperion Books for Children and thus Disney Publishing (succeeded by the Disney Hyperion imprint).	The Titan's Curse	Hyperion Books
publisher	Tattoo Assassins was a 1994 versus fighting game developed by the pinball division of Data East for release in arcades.	Tattoo Assassins	Data East
publisher	Mauve Gloves & Madmen, Clutter & Vine was published in 1976 by Wolfe's regular publisher Farrar, Straus & Giroux.	Mauve Gloves & Madmen, Clutter & Vine	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
publisher	Confidential Mission is a light gun game published by Sega, first available as an arcade game, then ported to the Dreamcast.	Confidential Mission	Sega
publisher	Death of a Ghost is a crime novel by Margery Allingham, first published in February 1934, in the United Kingdom by Heinemann, London and in the United States by Doubleday, Doran, New York.	Death of a Ghost	Heinemann
publisher	An Atlas of Fantasy, compiled by Jeremiah Benjamin Post, was originally published in 1973 by Mirage Press and revised for a 1979 edition by Ballantine Books.	An Atlas of Fantasy	Ballantine Books
publisher	Advances in Electrical and Computer Engineering (founded in 2001) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Ştefan cel Mare University of Suceava, Romania.	Advances in Electrical and Computer Engineering	Ştefan cel Mare University of Suceava
publisher	The Lost Train of Thought is the third novel in The Seems series and was released on October 1, 2009 by Bloomsbury Publishing.	The Lost Train of Thought	Bloomsbury Publishing
publisher	The European Journal of Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell.	European Journal of Philosophy	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Earth Interactions is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society, American Geophysical Union, and Association of American Geographers.	Earth Interactions	American Meteorological Society
publisher	Office Sway is a presentation program and is part of the Microsoft Office family of products.	Office Sway	Microsoft
publisher	Published by the Fabian Society, This Misery of Boots is the expansion of a 1905 essay with the same name.	This Misery of Boots	Fabian Society
publisher	The U.S. and World Population Clock presents the United States Census Bureau's continuously active approximations of both the population of the United States and the world's total population.	U.S. and World Population Clock	United States Census Bureau
publisher	Story of O (French: Histoire d'O, IPA: (istwaʁ do)) is an erotic novel published in 1954 by French author Anne Desclos under the pen name Pauline Réage, and published in French by Jean-Jacques Pauvert.	Story of O	Jean-Jacques Pauvert
publisher	Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs is a book written by the Curious George Brigade, an anarchist collective in the CrimethInc.	Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs	CrimethInc
publisher	Balanak Bonihar O Pallavi (The peasants on the banks of river Balan and Pallavi) is a Short Story collection, written by Dr Binod Bihari Verma, on the village life of Mithila on the banks of the Kosi River and its tributaries.	Balanak Bonihar O Pallavi	Binod Bihari Verma
publisher	``The Spaceship Graveyard'' is a BBC Books adventure book written by Colin Brake and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Spaceship Graveyard	BBC Books
publisher	Sega allocated the bare minimum budget offered to out-of-house developers for the creation of Shining in the Darkness.	Shining in the Darkness	Sega
publisher	Queen & Country is an American comic book published by Oni Press and written by Greg Rucka with various artists illustrating.	Queen & Country	Oni Press
publisher	The Black Corridor is a science fiction novel by Michael Moorcock, published in 1969, first by Ace Books in the US, as part of their Ace Science Fiction Specials series, and later by Mayflower Books in the UK.	The Black Corridor	Ace Books
publisher	The Duke Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: Duke L.J.) is a student-run law review published at Duke University School of Law.	Duke Law Journal	Duke University School of Law
publisher	Education Finance and Policy was founded in 2005 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press and the American Education Finance Association.	Education Finance and Policy	MIT Press
publisher	The Elementary School Journal (ESJ) is a quarterly academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press that focuses on elementary and middle school education.	Elementary School Journal	University of Chicago Press
publisher	Social Science Japan Journal (SSJJ) is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal covering Japan in social scientific perspective, semiannually published by Oxford University Press.	Social Science Japan Journal	Oxford University Press
record label	``Let's Play Winter'' is the debut single by Japanese singer-songwriter Hitomi and was released on November 28, 1994 by Avex Trax.	Let's Play Winter	Avex Trax
record label	USA (Unconformable Social Amputees) is the second solo album by rapper Saint Dog released on May 16, 2006 by Suburban Noize Records.	USA (Unconformable Social Amputees)	Suburban Noize Records
record label	``Sell Your Body (To The Night)'' is a single from the Norwegian band Turbonegro from their 2003 album Scandinavian Leather released on 7`` Vinyl (in the UK), CD and enhanced CD in 2003 by Burning Heart Records.	Sell Your Body (To The Night)	Burning Heart Records
record label	We Will Meet Again is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans made for Warner Bros. Records in 1979.	We Will Meet Again	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Until the Quiet Comes is the fourth studio album by American electronic producer Flying Lotus, released on September 26, 2012, by Warp Records.	Until the Quiet Comes	Warp
record label	Playin' Up a Storm is the third studio album by the Gregg Allman Band and was released on the Capricorn Records label.	Playin' Up a Storm	Capricorn Records
record label	Hands Across the Void is the first full-length album released by Tiny Vipers after signing with Sub Pop Records.	Hands Across the Void	Sub Pop
record label	Why That Doesn't Surprise Me is the sixth album by The Lucksmiths, released on 5 March 2001 on Candle Records (catalogue number CAN2513).	Why That Doesn't Surprise Me	Candle Records
record label	Released by EMI Records, The Heartland Café was made in part to satisfy an interest expressed by label affiliate Capitol Records in the band due to its popularity in Sweden and its catchy pop/rock sound.	The Heartland Café	EMI Records
record label	Symptoms of a Leveling Spirit is the fifth album by the Santa Cruz, California-based hardcore punk band Good Riddance, released July 10, 2001 through Fat Wreck Chords.	Symptoms of a Leveling Spirit	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Monologue of Love, sometimes called Monologue about Love is the studio album by Soviet singer Sofia Rotaru, released in 1987 by Melodiya.	Monologue of Love	Melodiya
record label	Bugger Off! is the second album by Stack Waddy, released in 1972 on Dandelion Records.	Bugger Off!	Dandelion Records
record label	``Locking Up My Heart'' is a 1963 single released by Motown girl group The Marvelettes on the Tamla record label.	Locking Up My Heart	Motown
record label	The US Sire Records CD release of Shaday adds the 1988 12'' Sehoog Mix of ``Galbi'' bonus track.	Shaday	Sire Records
record label	Autoamerican was digitally remastered and reissued with two bonus tracks by Chrysalis Records in the UK in 1994 which included extended the 12`` Special Disco Mix versions of ''Rapture`` and its B-side ''Live It Up``, from 1981.	Autoamerican	Chrysalis Records
record label	The Tale of the Giant Rat of Sumatra is a comedy album recorded by The Firesign Theatre and released in early 1974 by Columbia Records.	The Tale of the Giant Rat of Sumatra	Columbia Records
record label	Inphasion is Papa John Creach's seventh solo album and his last with DJM Records.	Inphasion	DJM Records
record label	Even though Besman had his own record label, Sensation Records, he licensed ``Boogie Chillen''' to Los Angeles-based Modern Records.	Boogie Chillen'	Modern Records
record label	Pure BS is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Blake Shelton, released in 2007 on Warner Bros. Records Nashville.	Pure BS	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Coba Coba Remixed is the first remix album of Novalima's original album, Coba Coba, both under the U.S. independent record label, Cumbancha.	Coba Coba Remixed	Cumbancha
record label	Where Do You Go When You Dream is the 16th studio album by Canadian Country vocalist Anne Murray, issued in 1981 on Capitol Records.	Where Do You Go When You Dream	Capitol Records
record label	II liga zapad is the second studio third by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap, released by Hi-Fi Centar in 1998.	II liga zapad	Hi-Fi Centar
record label	Cookin' with the Miracles and four other Miracles albums were re-released as part of the 2009 Motown limited-edition CD release The Miracles:	Cookin' with the Miracles	Motown
record label	Bilder (released September 18, 1995 by the label Curling Legs - CLPCD 18) is a studio album by Vigleik Storaas Trio.	Bilder	Curling Legs
record label	Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death) is the fourth studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson, released in November 2000 by Nothing and Interscope Records.	Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death)	Interscope Records
record label	The Healing is the third album by underground hip hop group Strange Fruit Project, released July 25, 2006 on Om Records.	The Healing	Om Records
record label	Illegal Art initially released Night Ripper as a digital download on their website, later making the album available on other sites and shipping the album to select record stores due to strong demand.	Night Ripper	Illegal Art
record label	``Myzsterious Mizster Jones'' was released on 7`` and 12'' vinyl via RCA Records.	Myzsterious Mizster Jones	RCA Records
record label	Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams is the second studio album by American R&B singer Solange Knowles, released August 26, 2008, on Polydor Records and Music World.	Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams	Polydor Records
record label	Sandwiched between the release of Music of My Mind and Innervisions, Talking Book saw Wonder enjoying more artistic freedom from Motown.	Talking Book	Motown
record label	Apple Records released The Beatles on 22 November 1968, with ``Long, Long, Long'' appearing as the final track on side three of the double LP.	Long, Long, Long	Apple Records
record label	Historic Performances Recorded at the Monterey International Pop Festival was a live album released by Reprise Records on August 26, 1970 documenting two memorable performances at the Monterey Pop Festival; those by Otis Redding and The Jimi Hendrix Experience.	Historic Performances Recorded at the Monterey International Pop Festival	Reprise Records
record label	The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady is a studio album by American jazz musician Charles Mingus, released on Impulse! Records in 1963.	The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady	Impulse! Records
record label	``Round Round'' is a song performed by British girl group Sugababes, released on 12 August 2002 through Island Records.	Round Round	Island Records
record label	Good Singin', Good Playin' is the final 1970s album by Grand Funk Railroad, released by MCA Records (MCA 2216) in 1976.	Good Singin', Good Playin'	MCA Records
record label	Abattoir Blues / The Lyre of Orpheus is the thirteenth studio album by the Australian alternative rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released on 20 September 2004 on Mute Records.	Abattoir Blues / The Lyre of Orpheus	Mute Records
record label	Jeff Beck's Guitar Shop is the fifth studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck, released in October 1989 through Epic Records.	Jeff Beck's Guitar Shop	Epic Records
record label	The Silent Force is the third studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation, released on 15 November 2004, by GUN Records.	The Silent Force	GUN Records
record label	We Stitch These Wounds is the debut studio album by American rock band Black Veil Brides, released through StandBy Records on July 20, 2010.	We Stitch These Wounds	StandBy Records
record label	Lawless Darkness is the fourth studio album by Swedish black metal band Watain, released through Season of Mist, on 7 June 2010.	Lawless Darkness	Season of Mist
record label	Hey Ricky is the title of the tenth album release by Melissa Manchester issued on Arista Records in April 1982.	Hey Ricky	Arista Records
record label	In collaboration with Sony Music Entertainment Japan and Mastersix Foundation, Timeless Fly was first released in Japan on February 24, 2010.	Timeless Fly	Sony Music Entertainment Japan
record label	Wu-Tang Forever is the second studio album of American hip-hop group Wu-Tang Clan, released June 3, 1997, on Loud/RCA Records in the United States.	Wu-Tang Forever	RCA Records
record label	Scented Gardens for the Blind is the second album by New Zealand group Dragon released in March 1975 on Vertigo Records before they relocated to Australia in May.	Scented Gardens for the Blind	Vertigo Records
record label	Slicker Than Your Average is the second album by English recording artist Craig David, released on 19 November, 2002 through Atlantic Records.	Slicker Than Your Average	Atlantic Records
record label	This Is Only a Test is the sixth studio album by the Chicago-based pop punk band the Smoking Popes, released March 15, 2011 through Asian Man Records.	This Is Only a Test	Asian Man Records
record label	``Fuck the World (F.T.W.)'' is a single from the Norwegian band Turbonegro from their 2003 album Scandinavian Leather released on 7`` Vinyl and CD in 2003 by Burning Heart Records.	Fuck the World (F.T.W.)	Burning Heart Records
record label	Fire Music is a studio album by Archie Shepp released on Impulse! Records in 1965.	Fire Music	Impulse! Records
record label	Flute By-Laws is the second album by jazz flautist Hubert Laws, released in 1966 on Atlantic Records.	Flute By-Laws	Atlantic Records
record label	Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up was described as the second best album on the Straight Records label by Mojo Magazine.	Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up	Straight Records
record label	The Ideal Crash was the first dEUS album to be directly released through a Major label (Island Records) but it's also the only dEUS album that didn't get a US release.	The Ideal Crash	Island Records
record label	The album was originally due to be released September the 13th but was delayed until the 27th because Queen Bee Entertainment felt that sales would not hold with the single ``Lighters Up''.	Lighters Up	Queen Bee Entertainment
screenwriter	Malabar Police is a 1999 Tamil comedy crime film directed by P. Vasu.	Malabar Police	P. Vasu
screenwriter	Ah Boys to Men 2 (simplified Chinese: 新兵正传II; traditional Chinese: 新兵正傳II; pinyin: xīnbīng zhèngzhuàn II; literally: ``Recruits' True Biography'') is a 2013 Singaporean comedy film produced and directed by Jack Neo, written by Neo, Lim Teck and Leonard Lai.	Ah Boys to Men 2	Jack Neo
screenwriter	L'eroe della strada (i.e. ``The hero of the road'') is a 1948 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Borghesio and starring Erminio Macario.	L'eroe della strada	Carlo Borghesio
screenwriter	Pass the Gravy is a 1928 short comedy silent film directed by Fred Guiol and Leo McCarey.	Pass the Gravy	Leo McCarey
screenwriter	Vizontele Tuuba is a 2004 Turkish comedy-drama film, written and directed by Yılmaz Erdoğan, based on the writer-director's childhood memories of the last summer of his childhood in village in 1980.	Vizontele Tuuba	Yılmaz Erdoğan
screenwriter	La Belle Histoire (1992) is a French film directed by Claude Lelouch, featuring Gérard Lanvin and Béatrice Dalle.	La Belle Histoire	Claude Lelouch
screenwriter	God's Thunder or Le Tonnerre de Dieu is a 1965 French, Italian and West German produced comedy film, directed by Denys de La Patellière.	God's Thunder	Denys de La Patellière
screenwriter	The Perils of Gwendoline in the Land of the Yik-Yak, original title Gwendoline, is a 1984 French action/sexploitation film directed by Just Jaeckin, written by Jaeckin and John Willie and starring Tawny Kitaen and Brent Huff.	The Perils of Gwendoline in the Land of the Yik-Yak	Just	John Willie
screenwriter	Torrente, el brazo tonto de la ley is a 1998 Spanish dark comedy written, directed and starred by Santiago Segura and produced by Lolafilms.	Torrente, el brazo tonto de la ley	Santiago Segura
screenwriter	Chickens Come Home is a 1931 American Pre-Code short film starring Laurel and Hardy, directed by James W. Horne and produced by Hal Roach.	Chickens Come Home	Hal Roach
screenwriter	Inspecteur Lavardin is a 1986 film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol.	Inspecteur Lavardin	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	Lessons of Darkness (German: Lektionen in Finsternis) is a 1992 film by director Werner Herzog.	Lessons of Darkness	Werner Herzog
screenwriter	Janakiraman is a 1997 Tamil language film directed by Sundar C. The film features Sarathkumar and Nagma in lead roles whilst Rambha, Goundamani and Manivannan play supporting roles.	Janakiraman	Sundar C.
screenwriter	Five Minarets in New York (Turkish: New York’ta Beş Minare), released as Act of Vengeance in the U.S. and as The Terrorist in Australia, is a Turkish action film written and directed by Mahsun Kırmızıgül, which follows two Turkish police officers sent to New York City to bring back a terrorist suspect.	Five Minarets in New York	Mahsun Kırmızıgül
screenwriter	Il Fornaretto di Venezia (US TV title: The Scapegoat) is a 1963 Italian film directed by Duccio Tessari who co-wrote screenplay with Marcello Fondato, based on novel by Francesco Dall'Ongaro.	Il Fornaretto di Venezia	Duccio Tessari	Marcello Fondato
screenwriter	Oh, Grandmother's Dead (Italian: Toh, è morta la nonna!) is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and starring Sergio Tofano.	Oh, Grandmother's Dead	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Cannibal Girls is a low budget 1973 Canadian independent comedy horror film directed by Ivan Reitman and stars Eugene Levy, Andrea Martin, and Ronald Ulrich.	Cannibal Girls	Ivan Reitman
screenwriter	The Cord of Life is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.	The Cord of Life	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	Puppet Master II (Otherwise known as Puppet Master II: His Unholy Creations ) is a 1991 direct-to-video horror film written by David Pabian and directed by Dave Allen.	Puppet Master II	David Pabian
screenwriter	Two Half Times in Hell (Hungarian: Két félidő a pokolban), also known as The Last Goal, is a 1962 Hungarian war drama film directed and co-written by Zoltán Fábri.	Two Half Times in Hell	Zoltán Fábri
screenwriter	His Own Home Town is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Larry Evans.	His Own Home Town	Larry Evans
screenwriter	Mayrig (Mother) is a 1991 semi-autobiographical film written and directed by French-Armenian filmmaker Henri Verneuil.	Mayrig	Henri Verneuil
screenwriter	Dragonslayer is a 1981 American fantasy film directed by Matthew Robbins, from a screenplay he co-wrote with Hal Barwood.	Dragonslayer	Matthew Robbins	Hal Barwood
screenwriter	Section spéciale (English title Special Section) is a 1975 French film, directed by Costa-Gavras and based on a book L'affaire de la Section Spéciale by Hervé Villeré.	Section spéciale	Costa-Gavras
screenwriter	Jerry Maguire is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama sports film written, produced and directed by Cameron Crowe, and stars Tom Cruise, Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Renée Zellweger.	Jerry Maguire	Cameron Crowe
screenwriter	Nadunisi Naaygal (Midnight Dogs; Tamil: நடுநிசி நாய்கள்) is a 2011 Tamil psychological thriller film written and directed by Gautham Menon that stars Sameera Reddy, Veera Bahu and Deva in lead roles, with Swapna Abraham, Ashwin Kakumanu and Samantha Ruth Prabhu in other pivotal roles.	Nadunisi Naaygal	Gautham Menon
screenwriter	A Sold Life (Italian: Una vita venduta) is a 1976 Italian war-drama film written and directed by Aldo Florio and starring Enrico Maria Salerno and Gerardo Amato.	A Sold Life	Aldo Florio
screenwriter	The Savage Five, also known as The Savage 5, is a 1974 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Chang Cheh and starring David Chiang, Ti Lung, Chen Kuan-tai, Danny Lee and Wong Chung.	The Savage Five	Chang Cheh
screenwriter	La Jetée (French pronunciation: ​(la ʒəte)) (``The Jetty,'' here referring to an outdoor viewing pier at an airport), is a 1962 French science fiction featurette by Chris Marker.	La Jetée	Chris Marker
screenwriter	La nonna Sabella (internationally released as Oh! Sabella) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.	Oh! Sabella	Dino Risi
screenwriter	The Misfortunes of an Explorer (French: Les Infortunes d'un explorateur ou les momies récalcitrantes) was a short silent film created and released in 1900 and directed by Georges Méliès.	The Misfortunes of an Explorer	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	Little Big Soldier (simplified Chinese: 大兵小将; traditional Chinese: 大兵小將; pinyin: Dà Bīng Xiǎo Jiàng; Jyutping: Daai6 Bing1 Siu2 Zeong1) is a 2010 action comedy film directed by Ding Sheng and produced and written by Jackie Chan, also starring Chan and Leehom Wang.	Little Big Soldier	Jackie Chan
screenwriter	Prisoner of the Mountains (Russian: Кавказский пленник, Kavkazskiy plennik), also known as Prisoner of the Caucasus, is a 1996 Russian war drama film directed by Sergei Bodrov and written by Bodrov, Arif Aliyev and Boris Giller.	Prisoner of the Mountains	Sergei Bodrov
screenwriter	Eight Legged Freaks is a 2002 German-Australian-American horror-comedy film directed by Ellory Elkayem and stars David Arquette, Kari Wührer, Scott Terra, and Scarlett Johansson.	Eight Legged Freaks	Ellory Elkayem
screenwriter	The Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy (also known as the Cornetto trilogy or the Blood and Ice Cream trilogy) is a series of British comedic genre films directed by Edgar Wright, written by Wright and Simon Pegg, produced by Nira Park, and starring Pegg and Nick Frost.	Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy	Edgar Wright	Simon Pegg
screenwriter	The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada is a 2005 French-American neo-western film directed by and starring Tommy Lee Jones and written by Guillermo Arriaga.	The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada	Guillermo Arriaga
screenwriter	Fitzwilly is a 1967 film directed by Delbert Mann, based on Poyntz Tyler's 1960 novel A Garden of Cucumbers and adapted for the screen by Isobel Lennart.	Fitzwilly	Isobel Lennart
screenwriter	The Eagle with Two Heads (French title L'Aigle à deux têtes) is a French film directed by Jean Cocteau released in 1948.	The Eagle with Two Heads	Jean Cocteau
screenwriter	Village Tale is a 1935 American drama film directed by John Cromwell from a screenplay by Allan Scott adapted from Allan Scott's 1934 novel of the same name.	Village Tale	Allan Scott
screenwriter	Accidents to the Taxes!! (Italian: Accidenti alle tasse!!) is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by and written by Mario Mattoli.	Accidents to the Taxes!!	Mario Mattoli
screenwriter	Il peccato degli anni verdi (Italian for ``The sin of the green years'') is a 1960 Italian romance film written and directed by Leopoldo Trieste.	Il peccato degli anni verdi	Leopoldo Trieste
screenwriter	Fruits of Passion (French: Les fruits de la passion, Japanese: 上海異人娼館／チャイナ・ドール (Shanghai Ijin Shōkan - China Doll)) is a 1981 French-Japanese co-production directed by Shūji Terayama and starring Klaus Kinski.	Fruits of Passion	Shūji Terayama
screenwriter	Il ritorno di Zanna Bianca (internationally released as Challenge to White Fang or The Return of White Fang) is a 1974 Italian adventure film directed by Lucio Fulci.	Challenge to White Fang	Lucio Fulci
screenwriter	Adapted from a play by Caryl Brahms and S. J. Simon, it tells the story of Trottie True, a Gaiety Girl of the 1890s who, after a brief romance with a balloonist, marries Lord Digby Landon, becoming Duchess of Wellwater when he succeeds to the dukedom.	Trottie True	Caryl Brahms
screenwriter	Fantozzi alla riscossa (``Fantozzi to the Rescue'') is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti.	Fantozzi alla riscossa	Neri Parenti
screenwriter	Bad Girls from Mars is a 1991 sci-fi comedy film starring Edy Williams and Oliver Darrow and written, produced and directed by Fred Olen Ray.	Bad Girls from Mars	Fred Olen Ray
screenwriter	Velutha Kathreena is a 1968 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by P Balthasar based on the famous novel of the same name written by Muttathu Varkey.	Velutha Kathreena	Muttathu Varkey
screenwriter	The Line, the Cross and the Curve is a musical short film directed by and starring singer Kate Bush.	The Line, the Cross and the Curve	Kate Bush
screenwriter	Noah Munck as Nicholas ``Nicky Deuce'' Borelli ll Steve Schirripa as Uncle Frankie Rita Moreno as Grandma Tutti Vincent Curatola as Paulie Tony Sirico as Charlie Cement James Gandolfini as Bobby Eggs Michael Imperioli as The Doctor Cassius Creightney as Tommy Cristine Prosperi as Donna	Nicky Deuce	Steve Schirripa
screenwriter	L'imprevisto, internationally released as The Mishap, is a 1960 Italian crime-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada.	The Mishap	Alberto Lattuada
screenwriter	Bhoot Returns (English: Ghost Returns) is a 2012 Bollywood 3D horror film directed by Ram Gopal Varma and written by Ravi Shankar.	Bhoot Returns	Ram Gopal Varma
screenwriter	Mountain of Destiny (German: Berg des Schicksals) is a 1924 German silent drama film written and directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Hannes Schneider, Frida Richard, Erna Morena, and Luis Trenker.	Mountain of Destiny	Arnold Fanck
screenwriter	La dama de Chez Maxim's is a 1923 Italian silent comedy film directed by Amleto Palermi and starring Carmen Boni, Alfredo Martinelli and Pina Menichelli.	La dama de Chez Maxim's	Amleto Palermi
screenwriter	Take All of Me (Italian: Dedicato a una stella, also known as Stella and The Last Concert) is a 1976 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Luigi Cozzi.	Take All of Me	Luigi Cozzi
screenwriter	Mr. Mom is a 1983 American comedy film directed by Stan Dragoti and written by John Hughes about a stay-at-home dad.	Mr. Mom	John Hughes
screenwriter	The Air I Breathe is the 2007 directorial film debut of Korean-American filmmaker Jieho Lee, who co-wrote the script with Bob DeRosa.	The Air I Breathe	Jieho Lee
screenwriter	Go Go Tales is an independent 2007 film by Abel Ferrara.	Go Go Tales	Abel Ferrara
screenwriter	Kill Bill is an American two-part martial arts film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.	Kill Bill	Quentin Tarantino
series	``Radar's Report'' was the 27th episode of M*A*S*H, and third of season two.	Radar's Report	M*A*S*H
series	Doctor Thorne (1858) is the third novel in Anthony Trollope's series known as the ``Chronicles of Barsetshire''.	Doctor Thorne	Chronicles of Barsetshire
series	``4 Days Out'' is the ninth episode of the second season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad, and the sixteenth overall episode of the series.	4 Days Out	Breaking Bad
series	``Meg and Quagmire'' is the tenth episode of the tenth season of the American animated sitcom Family Guy.	Meg and Quagmire	Family Guy
series	``The Testament of Arkadia'' is the twenty-fourth and final episode of the first series of Space: 1999.	The Testament of Arkadia	Space: 1999
series	``The Robbery'' is the third episode of the first season of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.	The Robbery	Seinfeld
series	Chaos and Order (or officially The Gap into Madness: Chaos and Order) is the fourth book of The Gap Cycle by Stephen R. Donaldson, a science fiction series.	Chaos and Order	The Gap Cycle
series	Gobseck is an 1830 novella by French author Honoré de Balzac (1799-1850) and included in the Scènes de la vie privée section of his novel sequence La Comédie humaine.	Gobseck	La Comédie humaine
series	``The Return of Harmony'' is the collective name for the first and second episodes of the second season of the Canadian-American animated television series My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, as well as the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth episodes of the series overall.	The Return of Harmony	My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic
series	``Attack of the Killer App'' is the third episode of the sixth season of the animated sitcom, Futurama which first aired July 1, 2010 on Comedy Central.	Attack of the Killer App	Futurama
series	``Welcome to the Tombs'' is the sixteenth episode and third season finale of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead.	Welcome to the Tombs	The Walking Dead
series	The Telling is a 2000 science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin set in her fictional universe of Hainish Cycle.	The Telling	Hainish Cycle
series	``In or Out'' is an episode from the dramedy series Ugly Betty, the thirteenth in the series overall, which aired on January 18, 2007.	In or Out	Ugly Betty
series	``The Phone Message'' is the ninth episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld, and the fourth of the show's second season.	The Phone Message	Seinfeld
series	The Sideways Door is the tenth in the series of Time Hunter novellas and features the characters Honoré Lechasseur and Emily Blandish from Daniel O'Mahony's Doctor Who novella The Cabinet of Light.	The Sideways Door	Time Hunter
series	``With Tired Eyes, Tired Minds, Tired Souls, We Slept '' is the 16th episode of One Tree Hill's third season.	With Tired Eyes, Tired Minds, Tired Souls, We Slept	One Tree Hill
series	``Problem Dog'' is the seventh episode of the fourth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad, and the 40th overall episode of the series.	Problem Dog	Breaking Bad
series	``Don't Look a Smith Horse in the Mouth'' is the tenth episode of the sixth season of American Dad!.	Don't Look a Smith Horse in the Mouth	American Dad
series	Beyond the Grave is the fourth book in The 39 Clues series first published in June 2, 2009 and written by Jude Watson.	Beyond the Grave	The 39 Clues
series	``Fat Butt and Pancake Head'' is the fifth episode of the seventh season and the 101st overall episode of the Comedy Central series South Park.	Fat Butt and Pancake Head	South Park
series	``Band Candy'' is the sixth episode of season 3 of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Band Candy	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
series	A Body in the Bath House is a 2001 historical mystery crime novel by Lindsey Davis and the 13th book of the Marcus Didius Falco Mysteries series.	A Body in the Bath House	Marcus Didius Falco
series	``Who Shot the Sheriff?'' is the third episode of the 2006 Robin Hood television series, made by Tiger Aspect Productions for BBC One.	Who Shot the Sheriff?	Robin Hood
series	Sharpe's Tiger is the first historical novel in the Richard Sharpe series by Bernard Cornwell and was first published in 1997.	Sharpe's Tiger	Richard Sharpe
series	Conan the Wanderer is a 1968 collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Conan the Wanderer	Conan the Barbarian
series	The Atlas of the Land by Karen Wynn Fonstad provides a cartographer's point of view to the fictional world known as ``the Land'' from Stephen R. Donaldson's fantasy novel series The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant.	The Atlas of the Land	The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant
series	Bright Orange for the Shroud (1965) is a sixth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.	Bright Orange for the Shroud	Travis McGee
series	``Meet the Quagmires'' is the 18th and final episode of the fifth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.	Meet the Quagmires	Family Guy
series	``'S Out'' (stylized as ``'s Out'' and short for ``Bottom's Out'') is an episode produced for the second series of British television sitcom, Bottom.	'S Out	Bottom
series	``Live from Studio 6H'' is the nineteenth episode of the sixth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 122nd episode overall.	Live from Studio 6H	30 Rock
series	Riven is a puzzle adventure video game and the sequel to Myst.	Riven	Myst
series	American Reunion (also known as American Pie 4: Reunion or American Pie: Reunion in certain countries) is a 2012 ensemble comedy film written and directed by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg.	American Reunion	American Pie
sex or gender	Serap Yücesir (born March 18, 1973 in Kars, Turkey) is a former Turkish female basketball player.	Serap Yücesir	female
sex or gender	Huang Sui (simplified Chinese: 黄穗; traditional Chinese: 黃穗; pinyin: Huáng Suì; born January 8, 1982 in Hunan, China) is a Chinese-Australian female badminton player.	Huang Sui	female
sex or gender	Kiran Matharu (born 27 February 1989 in Leeds, England) is a female English professional golfer currently playing on the Ladies European Tour.	Kiran Matharu	female
sex or gender	Guo Dan (Chinese: 郭丹; pinyin: Guō Dān; born December 20, 1985 in Tieling, Liaoning) is a female archer from the People's Republic of China.	Guo Dan	female
sex or gender	Zhu Qianwei (Chinese: 朱倩蔚; pinyin: Zhū Qiànwèi; born 1990-09-28 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Zhu Qianwei	female
sex or gender	Yasmin Sison-Ching is a female Filipino artist and painter.	Yasmin Sison-Ching	female
sex or gender	Rolling Stone has called her ``one of the greatest songwriters ever'', and AllMusic has stated, ``When the dust settles, Joni Mitchell may stand as the most important and influential female recording artist of the late 20th century''.	Joni Mitchell	female
sex or gender	Leilani Reklai became the first female governor of Aimeliik and only the third female governor in Palau's history.	Leilani Reklai	female
sex or gender	Luo Youjia (born 1977-09-13 in Dongfang, Hainan) is a male Chinese sports sailor who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Luo Youjia	male
sex or gender	Fagaoalii Satele Sunia was ordained as deacon to succeed her late husband, making her one of the few female deacons in the Congregational Christian Church (CCCAS) denomination.	Fagaoalii Satele Sunia	female
sex or gender	Anahit Tsitsikian (Armenian: Անահիտ Ցիցիկյան; born Leningrad, August 26, 1926; death Yerevan, May 2, 1999) was the first renowned Armenian female violinist.	Anahit Tsitsikian	female
sex or gender	Not only did Constantina exercise political power on her own, she was inherently, as a female member of the imperial Roman family, a political tool.	Constantina	female
sex or gender	Also, annually at the Tewaaraton Trophy presentation, an award given to the nation's top male and female collegiate lacrosse players, the Diane Geppi-Aikens Scholarship is presented.	Diane Geppi-Aikens	female
sex or gender	Chen Shih-chieh (Chinese: 陳士傑, born 27 November 1989 in Pingtung, Taiwan, Republic of China) is a Taiwanese male weightlifter.	Chen Shih-chieh	male
sex or gender	While Sarada Devi remained completely in the background, her unassuming, warm personality attracted some female devotees to become her lifelong companions.	Sarada Devi	female
sex or gender	Edward Villella (born October 1, 1936, Bayside, New York), is a danseur and choreographer, frequently cited as America's most celebrated male dancer of ballet at the time.	Edward Villella	male
sex or gender	Haislan Garcia Veranes (born March 4, 1983 in Guanabacoa, Cuba) is a male freestyle wrestler from Canada.	Haislan Garcia	male
sex or gender	LaTasha Sheron Rogers (July 30, 1970 -- June 4, 1991), better known as MC Trouble, was a rap artist, and the first female rapper signed to Motown Records.	MC Trouble	female
sex or gender	Murad Ramazanov (born on March 19, 1974 in Khasavyurt, Dagestan) is a male freestyle wrestler who represented the Republic of Macedonia.	Murad Ramazanov	male
sex or gender	Hu Qing (born January 19, 1986) is a male amateur boxer from China.	Hu Qing	male
sex or gender	Inge Sørensen (18 July 1924 -- 9 March 2011) was a swimmer from Denmark, and the youngest known female Olympic Games medalist in an individual event.	Inge Sørensen	female
sex or gender	Television news anchor and reporter Angela Black, is an African-American news figure, known primarily for her work for KABC-TV in Los Angeles, California and for being the second female African-American news anchor in Los Angeles history.	Angela Black	female
sex or gender	Mathilde Johansson (born 28 April 1985 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a Swedish-born French female tennis player who lives in and competes for France.	Mathilde Johansson	female
sex or gender	Mugai Nyodai (1223 -- 1298 CE) was the first Zen abbess and the first female Zen master in the world.	Mugai Nyodai	female
sex or gender	Helena Smith Dayton (1879-1960) was an American film maker, painter and sculptor working on the East Coast who used fledgling stop motion and clay animation techniques in the 1910s and 1920s, one of the first female animators to do so.	Helena Smith Dayton	female
sex or gender	Lei Sufen (Chinese: 雷素芬; pinyin: Léi Sùfēn; born June 5, 1979 in Nanning, Guangxi) is a female Chinese handball player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Lei Sufen	female
sex or gender	Gina Stile (born January 19, 1965) is the guitar player of the reformed female hard rock band, Vixen.	Gina Stile	female
sex or gender	Victoria Armstrong (born 1977 in Salford, England) is a professional female dancer most famous for her appearances on ITV's Britain's Got Talent.	Victoria Armstrong	female
sex or gender	Holger Klose (born 5 December 1972 in Bitburg, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a retired male hammer thrower from Germany.	Holger Klose	male
sex or gender	Nina Flack is a Swedish female bowler who was part of a gold-medal winning trio at the World Women Championship of 2007.	Nina Flack	female
sex or gender	Li Yanyan (born 1981-06-18 in Linyi, Shandong) is a male Chinese Greco-Roman wrestler who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Li Yanyan	male
sex or gender	Li Mingcai (Chinese: 李明才; pinyin: Lǐ Míngcái; born August 22, 1971) is a retired male race walker from PR China.	Li Mingcai	male
sex or gender	Karola Maier Milobar (born 1876) became the first female physician to practice in Croatia in 1906.	Karola Maier Milobar	female
sex or gender	Philes Ongori grew up in the same village as another great female long distance runner Margaret Okayo, who is a twice winner of the New York City Marathon.	Philes Ongori	female
sex or gender	Angelika Knipping (born January 7, 1961 in Hagen, Nordrhein-Westfalen) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from Germany, who won a gold medal at the 1981 Summer Universiade in Bucharest.	Angelika Knipping	female
sex or gender	Małgorzata Jasińska (born January 18, 1984) is a female professional racing cyclist from Poland.	Małgorzata Jasińska	female
sex or gender	Lily Ross Taylor (born August 12, 1886, in Auburn, Alabama - died November 18, 1969, in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania) was an American academic and author, who in 1917 became the first female Fellow of the American Academy in Rome.	Lily Ross Taylor	female
sex or gender	Zinnia Kumar better known as Zinnia (born in 1993) is a female Australian fashion model and published scientist in Human Evolutionary Biology and Ecology.	Zinnia Kumar	female
sex or gender	Dusan Radojcic (born 31 January 1993 in Belgrade, Serbia) is a Canadian male water polo player.	Dusan Radojcic	male
sex or gender	In 1984, Neville Wran introduced a private members bill to decriminalise adult gay male sex, and the bill passed the NSW Parliament.	Neville Wran	male
sex or gender	Eliza Smith (d. 1732?) was one of the most popular female 18th-century cookbook writers.	Eliza Smith	female
sex or gender	Marcie Van Dusen (born June 25, 1982 in Lake Arrowhead, California) is an amateur female American freestyle wrestler, who competed for the women's 55-kg category at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Marcie Van Dusen	female
sex or gender	Jeff Stryker worked as a male stripper and delivered balloon-o-grams before a local photographer sent shots of him to gay adult film director John Travis in California.	Jeff Stryker	male
sex or gender	Rix Robinson was the first white male to marry an Native American in Michigan.	Rix Robinson	male
sex or gender	Erica Lippitz and Marla Rosenfeld Barugel were the first two female hazzans (also called cantors) ordained in Conservative Judaism.	Erica Lippitz	female
sex or gender	Eve Taylor is notable as one of the early female music managers.	Eve Taylor	female
sex or gender	Tan Miao (born January 6, 1987 in Jinan, Shandong) is a female Chinese swimmer, who won a silver medal for China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Tan Miao	female
sex or gender	Youra Guller (1895--1980) was a female French classical pianist.	Youra Guller	female
sex or gender	Joyce Fowler (who also competed as Joyce Becker) was the first female wrestler to use the ring name ``Joyce Grable''.	Joyce Grable	female
sex or gender	Elsie Alvarado de Ricord (1928--2005) was a Panamanian writer, a leading linguist, a winner of the Premio Ricardo Miró in many occasions, member and first female director of the Panamanian Academy of Language.	Elsie Alvarado de Ricord	female
sex or gender	The American Astronomical Society presents the Annie Jump Cannon Award annually to female astronomers for distinguished work in astronomy.	Annie Jump Cannon	female
sex or gender	Radojka Šverko (born April 9, 1948) is a Croatian female singer, a mezzo-soprano/alto range artist.	Radojka Šverko	female
sex or gender	Liu Zhongsheng (born 1973-10-25 in Laiwu, Shandong) is a male Chinese sports shooter.	Liu Zhongsheng	male
sex or gender	Asuman Karakoyun (born 1990) is a Turkish female volleyball player.	Asuman Karakoyun	female
sex or gender	Sakai Tanaka (born May 7, 1961, male, 田中宇) is a Japanese Freelance journalist.	Sakai Tanaka	male
sex or gender	Fiona King (b. February 1, 1972 ) is a former female rugby union player.	Fiona King	female
sex or gender	Cui Shanshan (Chinese: 崔珊珊; pinyin: Cuī Shānshān; born May 8, 1987 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Cui Shanshan	female
sex or gender	Asaji Honda was a Japanese male tennis player who represented Japan in the Olympic Games.	Asaji Honda	male
sex or gender	Yevgenia Savranska (or Yevgenia Savransky, Hebrew: יבגניה סברנסקי; born 20 February 1984) is a retired Israeli-born Ukrainian female professional tennis player.	Yevgenia Savranska	female
sex or gender	Jane Salumäe (born 17 January 1968 in Tallinn) is a retired female long-distance runner from Estonia, who twice competed in the Summer Olympics (1996 and 2004).	Jane Salumäe	female
sex or gender	Eveliina Suonpää (born 12 April 1995) is a Finnish female ice hockey goaltender currently playing for her country's women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Eveliina Suonpää	female
sex or gender	Tupoumoheofo was 12th Tu'i Kanokupolu of Tonga, and the only female to ever hold that title.	Tupoumoheofo	female
sex or gender	Toni Karjalainen (born 9 July 1979) is one of only a few Finnish professional golfers on the international circuit, and has been his country's highest ranked male golfer.	Toni Karjalainen	male
sex or gender	Elizaveta Tishchenko (born 7 February 1975 in Kiev, last name also spelled Tichtchenko) is a retired female volleyball player from Russia, who made her debut for the Soviet National Team in 1991.	Elizaveta Tishchenko	female
sex or gender	In 2010 Riku Rantala was selected as the best male TV-person in the Kultainen TV (literally Golden TV) awards.	Riku Rantala	male
sex or gender	Jasmin Rosenberger or (Turkish: Yasemin Rosenberger) (born October 16, 1985 in Traunstein, Germany) is a German-Turkish female swimmer competing in the butterfly events.	Jasmin Rosenberger	female
sex or gender	Driulis González Morales (born September 21, 1973 in Guantánamo) is a female Cuban judoka who has won four Olympic medals, including a gold medal in 1996.	Driulis González	female
sex or gender	Song Hai-rim (born January 12, 1985) is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Song Hai-rim	female
sex or gender	Jason Chee Pei Kun (Chinese: 徐培焜; pinyin: Xú Péikūn, born November 11, 1987), better known by Jason Chee, is a Singaporean male model, certified personal trainer, and pageant titleholder.	Jason Chee	male
sex or gender	Pyotr Nikolayevich Gruzinsky was the last direct male descendant of King Vakhtang VI of Kartli and the last in the Gruzinsky line.	Pyotr Nikolayevich Gruzinsky	male
sex or gender	Ashraf Aliyev (born on July 29, 1986 in Khizi District, Azerbaijan) is a male freestyle wrestler.	Ashraf Aliyev	male
sex or gender	Sevilay İmamoğlu Öcal (born Sevilay İmamoğlu October 7, 1984 in Lüleburgaz, Kırklareli Province) is a Turkish female handballer in the goalkeeper position.	Sevilay İmamoğlu Öcal	female
sex or gender	Luo Qi (罗琦; born Nanchang, 6 June 1975) is a female Chinese rock singer.	Luo Qi	female
sport	Robbie Diack (born 12 November 1985 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a South African born, Irish rugby union player who currently plays for Ulster in the RaboDirect Pro12.	Robbie Diack	rugby union
sport	Railways Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in Albany, Western Australia.	Railways Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The Kings XI Punjab (abbreviated as KXIP) are a franchise cricket team based in Mohali, Punjab, that plays in the Indian Premier League.	Kings XI Punjab	cricket
sport	Elie Rustom born May 2, 1987, is a Lebanese basketball player currently playing for Sagesse of the Lebanese Basketball League.	Elie Rustom	basketball
sport	George Treysman (1881 -- New York City, February, 1959) was an American chess Master.	George Treysman	chess
sport	Homer Se (born May 5, 1977) is a former Filipino professional basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association.	Homer Se	basketball
sport	The Tour de Pologne (French for ``Tour of Poland''), official abbreviation TdP, is a road bicycle racing stage race.	Tour de Pologne	road bicycle racing
sport	George Haas, Jr. (1920--2006) was an American businessman and polo player.	George Haas, Jr.	polo
sport	FC Druzhba Maykop (Russian: ФК ``Дружба'' Майкоп) is a Russian association football club from Maykop, Republic of Adygea, founded in 1963.	FC Druzhba Maykop	association football
sport	Casey Bond (born October 5, 1984) is an American actor, film producer and retired professional baseball player.	Casey Bond	baseball
sport	The Calgary Oval X-Treme were a professional women's ice hockey team in the Western Women's Hockey League (WWHL).	Calgary Oval X-Treme	ice hockey
sport	Adrienn Tóth (born 24 November 1990) is an athlete of modern pentathlon for Hungary.	Adrienn Tóth	modern pentathlon
sport	Dominic Inglot (born 6 March 1986) is a British professional tennis player who specialises in playing doubles.	Dominic Inglot	tennis
sport	Alexandre Jallier (born June 16, 1992 in Paris) is a French basketball player who made his French league Pro A debut for club Paris-Levallois during the 2012-2013 season	Alexandre Jallier	basketball
sport	Michael Cheika (born 4 March 1967) is an Australian rugby union coach and a former rugby player.	Michael Cheika	rugby union
sport	Szeged KE, also known as Abcom Szeged or Szeviép Szeged for sponsorship reasons, was a Hungarian women's basketball club from Szeged that played in the premier championship until it withdrew due to financial strain in 2011.	Szeged KE	basketball
sport	Gary Hunt (sometimes listed as Roger Gary Hunt, born 11 June 1984) is an elite sports diver, specialising in cliff or high diving, and is the 2015 World champion in the event, where he holds the championship record.	Gary Hunt	diving
sport	The 2014 Royal London One-Day Cup tournament was the 2014 season ECB limited overs cricket competition for the England and Wales first-class counties.	2014 Royal London One-Day Cup	cricket
sport	Colin Muller (born December 1, 1963) is a Canadian-born Swiss former professional ice hockey player.	Colin Muller	ice hockey
sport	The IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship (Campeon Intercontinental Trios de IWRG in Spanish) is a Trios (six-man) tag team Championship promoted by the Mexican Lucha libre professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) and was introduced in 2000.	IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 1988 Cincinnati Open (Also known as the Thriftway ATP Championships and 1988 Pringles Light Classic for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States that was part of the 1988 Nabisco Grand Prix and 1988 WTA Tour.	1988 Cincinnati Open	tennis
sport	Stuart Robbins (2 November 1976 -- 12 April 2010) was a British basketball player from Neath in South Wales, who played at centre for the London Towers and Thames Valley in the British Basketball League and professionally in Germany, Belgium and in Limerick, Ireland.	Stuart Robbins	basketball
sport	George Grigor (September 3, 1916 -- October 7, 1979) was an ice hockey center who played for the Chicago Black Hawks.	George Grigor	ice hockey
sport	Roy Roedger (born October 11, 1958) is a retired German ice hockey player born and raised in Canada.	Roy Roedger	ice hockey
sport	Monika Merl (née Gradzki; born 21 September 1979 in Sztum, Poland) is a German 800 metres runner.	Monika Merl	800 metres
sport	Jaipur Pink Panthers is a team in the Pro Kabaddi League based in Jaipur, Rajasthan.	Jaipur Pink Panthers	Kabaddi
sport	The 2010 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational was a golf tournament held August 5--8 over the South Course at Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio.	2010 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational	golf
sport	Tan Wee Kiong (born 21 May 1989 in Tangkak, Johor) is a Malaysian Chinese professional badminton player in the mens doubles event.	Tan Wee Kiong	badminton
sport	Stéphane Joulin (born 1971) is a now retired French team handball player.	Stéphane Joulin	handball
sport	Ilysiakos B.C. (Greek: Ηλυσιακός Κ.Α.Ε.) is a Greek professional basketball team that is located in the Ilisia neighborhood of Zografou, Athens, Greece.	Ilysiakos B.C.	basketball
sport	Direct Énergie (UCI team code: DEN) is a professional road bicycle racing team that competes as a UCI Professional Continental team in UCI Continental Circuits races, and UCI WorldTour races when invited as a wild card entry.	Direct Énergie	road bicycle racing
sport	Nannie de Villiers (born 5 January 1976) is a former professional tennis player who represented South Africa.	Nannie de Villiers	tennis
sport	Golf World was a weekly magazine covering the game of golf published by Condé Nast.	Golf World	golf
sport	The 1994 FIBA World Championship was an international basketball competition hosted by Canada from August 4 to August 14, 1994.	1994 FIBA World Championship	basketball
sport	Bedford Blues are a rugby union club in the town of Bedford, England, currently playing in The RFU Championship.	Bedford Blues	rugby union
sport	Ernest Todd Mitchell (born July 26, 1966, in Toledo, Ohio) is a retired American professional basketball player.	Todd Mitchell	basketball
sport	The 2011 Brussels Open (also known as the Brussels Open by GDF Suez for sponsor reasons), was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2011 Brussels Open	tennis
sport	Ricky Frazier (born February 3, 1958) is a former professional basketball player.	Ricky Frazier	basketball
sport	John Derrick (born c.1538, probably at Guildford, Surrey; date of death unknown) was a Queen's Coroner for the county of Surrey who, in 1597, made a legal deposition that contains the earliest definite reference to cricket being played anywhere in the world.	John Derrick	cricket
sport	The 2014 Open Féminin de Marseille is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2014 Open Féminin de Marseille	tennis
sport	Basketball League of Serbia B (Serbian: Кошаркашка лига Србије Б) is the second-tier professional basketball league in Serbia.	Basketball League of Serbia B	basketball
sport	Kahiem Seawright is a professional basketball player who plays for Demir İnşaat Büyükçekmece in the Turkish Basketball Super League.	Kahiem Seawright	basketball
sport	LSU-Atletas (Lithuanian: Lietuvos sporto universitetas + Atletas) is a professional basketball club of Kaunas, Lithuania, which was participating in the LKL and the Baltic League.	LSU-Atletas	basketball
sport	Anna Kazantseva (born 11 March 1972, Moscow, Soviet Union), is a Russian athlete who competes in compound archery.	Anna Kazantseva	archery
sport	Laurent Bénézech (born 19 December 1966 in Pamiers) is a former French rugby union footballer.	Laurent Bénézech	rugby union
sport	Steven Kerr (born 29 June 1989) is a Scottish professional association football player who plays for Bradford Park Avenue .	Steven Kerr	association football
sport	Jamar Newsome (born November 5, 1987) is an American football wide receiver who previously played for the Dallas Cowboys in the NFL.	Jamar Newsome	American football
sport	The Gangneung Oval (Korean: 강릉 스피드 스케이팅 경기장) will be a speed skating oval in South Korea, which will used for the speed skating competitions at the 2018 Winter Olympics.	Gangneung Oval	speed skating
sport	The Bega Roosters are an Australian rugby league football team based in Bega, a coastal town of the Far South Coast region of New South Wales.	Bega Roosters	rugby league
sport	Michal Březina was born in Brno, the son of Edita Březinová and Rudolf Březina, a figure skating coach.	Michal Březina	figure skating
sport	Ville Kähkönen (born June 23, 1984) is a Finnish Nordic combined skier who has been competing since 2002.	Ville Kähkönen	Nordic combined
sport	Markus Carr (born in Sun Valley, California), also known as M. Carr, is an American basketball player Sport career: who played in several European countries and South America (France, Venezuela, Poland, Bosnia and Hungary), .	Markus Carr	basketball
sport	Ryan Witbooi (born 7 September 1985 in Rehoboth) is a Namibian rugby union scrum half.	Ryan Witbooi	rugby union
sport	Otakar Německý (March 2, 1902 -- March 18, 1967) was a Czechoslovakian Nordic skier who competed in Nordic combined and Cross-country skiing in the 1920s.	Otakar Německý	Nordic combined
sport	The 1997 FIBA Americas Championship for Women, was the fourth FIBA Americas Championship for Women regional basketball championship held by FIBA Americas, which also served as Americas qualifier for the 1998 FIBA World Championship for Women, granting berths to the top four teams in the final standings.	1997 FIBA Americas Championship for Women	basketball
sport	Harond Litim (born June 9, 1977 in France) is a professional ice hockey player.	Harond Litim	ice hockey
sport	Horst Skoff (22 August 1968 -- 7 June 2008) was a professional tennis player from Austria, who won four tournaments at the top-level.	Horst Skoff	tennis
sport	The 2010 Africa Cup was an incomplete edition of highest level rugby union tournament in Africa.	2010 Africa Cup	rugby union
sport	The 2013 Australian Open was a tennis tournament that took place in Melbourne Park in Melbourne, Australia, from 14 to 27 January 2013.	2013 Australian Open	tennis
sport	Darryl Boyce (born July 7, 1984) is a Canadian ice hockey player who plays for JYP Jyväskylä of the Finnish Liiga.	Darryl Boyce	ice hockey
sport	Jay Mazur (born January 22, 1965 in Hamilton, Ontario and raised in Akron, Ohio) is a retired Canadian-born American ice hockey forward..	Jay Mazur	ice hockey
sport	Mirko Mulalić (born April 16, 1988) is a Slovenian professional basketball player who currently plays for BC Krka of the Slovenian League and the Adriatic League.	Mirko Mulalić	basketball
sport	The Vienna City Marathon is an annual marathon race over the classic distance of 42.195 km held in Vienna, Austria since 1984.	Vienna City Marathon	marathon
sport	The San Diego Mariners were an ice hockey team based in San Diego that played in the World Hockey Association.	San Diego Mariners	ice hockey
sport	Andrea Armstrong (born 18 May 1982) is an American who is a former NCAA basketball player.	Andrea Armstrong	basketball
sport	Fotios Vasilopoulos (alternate spellings: Fotis, Vassilopoulos) (Greek: Φώτης Βασιλόπουλος; born 1986) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Fotios Vasilopoulos	basketball
sport	The 2013 WGC-HSBC Champions was a golf tournament played from 31 October to 3 November at the Sheshan Golf Club in Shanghai, China.	2013 WGC-HSBC Champions	golf
sport	Daniel Faris (born 2 May 1987) is a Lebanese American basketball player.	Daniel Faris	basketball
sport	West London Sharks RLFC was a rugby league team based in Chiswick, London.	West London Sharks	rugby league
sport	Sam Tucker (1895--1973) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1922 to 1931.	Sam Tucker	rugby union
sport	Alison Bartosik (born 20 April 1983) is an American competitor in synchronized swimming.	Alison Bartosik	synchronized swimming
sport	Carol Ann Shudlick Smith is an American former women's basketball player at the University of Minnesota.	Carol Ann Shudlick	basketball
sport	Roel Moors (born December 16, 1978) is a Belgian retired professional basketball player and current head coach of the Antwerp Giants.	Roel Moors	basketball
sport	Madden NFL 2004 is the 15th installment of the Madden NFL series of American football video games.	Madden NFL 2004	American football
sport	The 2012 Erie Explosion season was the sixth season for the indoor American football franchise, and their first as a member of the Northern Conference of the United Indoor Football League (UIFL).	2012 Erie Explosion season	American football
sport	The Israel Davis Cup team (Hebrew: נבחרת גביע דייוויס של ישראל) represents Israel in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Israel Tennis Association.	Israel Davis Cup team	tennis
sport	Manly Warringah District Cricket Club is a cricket club in Sydney, Australia who play in the Sydney Grade Cricket competition.	Manly Warringah District Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The Serbia women's national rugby union team (sevens) represents Serbia in international rugby sevens competitions and is controlled by Serbian rugby federation.	Serbia women's national rugby union team	rugby sevens
sport	Mirka Francia Vasconcelos (born 14 February 1975 in Villa Clara) is a Cuban-Italian volleyball player who has won two Olympic gold medals with the Cuba women's national volleyball team.	Mirka Francia	volleyball
sport	Carolyn Moos (/ˈmuːs/; born May 23, 1978) is an American former collegiate and professional basketball player.	Carolyn Moos	basketball
sport	The 1962 CONCACAF Youth Tournament was the first international association football championship tournament for youth national teams in the CONCACAF region, North and Central America and the Caribbean.	1962 CONCACAF Youth Tournament	association football
sport	Furuset Ishockey is an Oslo-based ice hockey club, and a part of the Furuset IF multi-sports club.	Furuset Ishockey	ice hockey
sport	Hackney White Heat is an English basketball team from the district of Hackney in London, currently competing in the English Basketball League, Division 3 (South).	Hackney White Heat	basketball
sport	The 2008 Malaysia Super Series is the inaugural tournament of the 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton.	2008 Malaysia Super Series	badminton
sport	Vincent Debaty ((vɛ̃.sɑ̃ dɛ.ba.ti); born 2 October 1981) is a Belgian born French rugby union footballer.	Vincent Debaty	rugby union
sport	Anne-Caroline Graffe (born 12 February 1986 in Papeete, Tahiti in French Polynesia) is a French taekwondo athlete.	Anne-Caroline Graffe	taekwondo
sport	The 2007 FFSA State League was the second edition of the FFSA State League as the third level domestic association football competition in South Australia.	2007 FFSA State League	association football
sport	Lamine Sambe (born December 15, 1989 in Orléans, France) is a French basketball player who played for French Pro A league club Pau-Lacq-Orthez during 2007--2009 seasons.	Lamine Sambe	basketball
sport	Luc-Arthur Vebobe (born April 3, 1980) is a French professional basketball player who currently plays for Provence Basket in France's LNB Pro B.	Luc-Arthur Vebobe	basketball
sport	The 2007 Croatian Figure Skating Championships (Croatian: Prvenstvo Hrvatske za 2007) were the Croatian Figure Skating Championships of the 2007-2008 figure skating season.	2007 Croatian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The 2015 WNBA All-Star Game is an exhibition basketball game.	2015 WNBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	Luka Tošić (born March 10, 1988) is a Slovenian ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Alleghe of the Serie A. Tošić competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Slovenia men's national ice hockey team.	Luka Tošić	ice hockey
sport	The 2014 Spanish Figure Skating Championships (Spanish: Campeonato De España De Patinaje Sobre Hielo 2013-14) were a national figure skating competition in the 2013--2014 season.	2014 Spanish Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Saint Thomas Basket Le Havre or simply STB Le Havre is a basketball club based in Le Havre, France that plays in the Pro A division of the Ligue Nationale de Basket (LNB).	STB Le Havre	basketball
sport	Eik Idrettsforening Tønsberg, usually called Eik-Tønsberg, is a Norwegian association football club from Eik, Vestfold.	Eik-Tønsberg	association football
sport	Grupo Dramático e Sportivo Cascais is a Portuguese rugby union team.	Grupo Dramático e Sportivo Cascais	rugby union
sport	Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club are a Division 'A' rugby union team, based in Sri Lanka.	Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club	rugby union
sport	The 2010 Men's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the second official edition of the men's volleyball tournament, played by six teams over October 26 --	2010 Men's South American Volleyball Club Championship	volleyball
sport	The 1980 Wimbledon Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on the outdoor grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London, England.	1980 Wimbledon Championships	tennis
sport	The 2005 AFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Sydney Swans and West Coast Eagles at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 24 September 2005.	2005 AFL Grand Final	Australian rules football
sport	Russ Schoene (last name pronounced SHAY-nee; born April 16, 1960) is a retired American professional basketball player and former assistant men's basketball coach at the University of Washington.	Russ Schoene	basketball
sport	Brad Drewett (19 July 1958 -- 3 May 2013) was an Australian tennis player and ATP official.	Brad Drewett	tennis
sport	The 2000 Cup of Russia was the Cup of Russia competition of the 2000--01 figure skating season.	2000 Cup of Russia	figure skating
sport	Rugby Club d'Arras is a French rugby union team, from Arras.	Rugby Club d'Arras	rugby union
sport	Askania Forst was a German association football club in what was the city of Forst (Lausitz), Brandenburg and is today Zasieki, Poland.	Askania Forst	association football
sport	The 1934 Rose Bowl, played on January 1, 1934, was an American football bowl game.	1934 Rose Bowl	American football
sport	The 1985 Virginia Slims of Pennsylvania, also known as the VS of Pennsylvania, was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Hershey, Philadelphia in the United States.	1985 Virginia Slims of Pennsylvania	tennis
sport	Jeffery Adam Everett (born February 5, 1977), is a former American professional baseball shortstop and third baseman.	Adam Everett	baseball
sport	Julien Vauclair (born October 2, 1979) is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenseman.	Julien Vauclair	ice hockey
sport	Ante Mašić (born October 18, 1985) is a Bosnian professional basketball player, who plays for KK Gorica of the Croatian First League.	Ante Mašić	basketball
sport	Albert Park Football Club is an Australian rules football club located 3 km south of Melbourne in the suburb of Albert Park.	Albert Park Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Brandon Ríos vs. Urbano Antillón was a boxing Lightweight championship match for the WBA Lightweight championship.	Brandon Ríos vs. Urbano Antillón	boxing
sport	Nikola Jovović (born 13 February 1992) is a Serbian volleyball player, a member of Serbian national team and Italian club Volley Milano, bronze medalist of the European Championship 2013, medalist of the World League.	Nikola Jovović	volleyball
sport	Dinamo Riga (Latvian: Rīgas Dinamo) is a professional ice hockey team based in Riga, Latvia.	Dinamo Riga	ice hockey
sport	The Spoornet Classic was a golf tournament that was played on the Sunshine Tour in the 1991 season only.	Spoornet Classic	golf
sport	Jean-Noël Grinda (born 5 October 1936, in Paris) is a former French international tennis player.	Jean-Noël Grinda	tennis
sport	Maja Milutinović (Serbian: Маја Милутиновић; born October 2, 1987) is a former Montenegrin basketball player.	Maja Milutinović	basketball
sport	The Rojos del Águila de Veracruz (English: Veracruz Red Eagles) is a Triple-A level baseball team playing in the Mexican Baseball League of Minor League Baseball.	Rojos del Águila de Veracruz	baseball
sport	Jim Tshimpaka Kadima (born 17 August 1977 in Lubumbashi) is a basketball player from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Tshimpaka Kadima	basketball
sport	Yaacov Bernstein (born 1 June 1939) an Israeli chess master.	Yaacov Bernstein	chess
sport	Selborne Boome (born 16 April 1975 in Somerset West, Western Cape, South Africa) is a rugby union player who has made 20 appearances for the South African national rugby union team, the Springboks.	Selborne Boome	rugby union
sport	The Heineken Classic was a men's professional golf tournament played in Australia from 1993 to 2005 as part of the PGA Tour of Australasia.	Heineken Classic	golf
sport	Martin Hermannsson (born September 16, 1994) is an Icelandic basketball player for KR Reykjavík and the Icelandic national team, where he participated at the EuroBasket 2015.	Martin Hermannsson	basketball
sport	The World Rugby Awards are given out annually by World Rugby (until November 2014, known as the International Rugby Board), the worldwide governing body for rugby union, for major achievement in the sport.	World Rugby Awards	rugby union
sport	Frank Beltre (born January 28, 1990) is an American football defensive lineman who is currently a member of the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.	Frank Beltre	American football
sport	The Lexington Men O' War were a minor league professional ice hockey team and member of the ECHL.	Lexington Men O' War	ice hockey
sport	Srinath Narayanan (born 1994) is a former chess prodigy from Chennai, India.	Srinath Narayanan	chess
sport	Svetlana Nikishina is a former volleyball player for the USSR.	Svetlana Nikishina	volleyball
sport	Colin Falls (born June 9, 1985) is an American basketball player who spent the 2007--08 season with Orlandina Basket of Italy.	Colin Falls	basketball
sport	Simen Agdestein (born 15 May 1967) is a Norwegian who has excelled in chess, chess coaching and football.	Simen Agdestein	chess
sport	The 2007 FIBA Americas Championship for Women was the qualifying tournament for FIBA Americas at the women's basketball tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.	2007 FIBA Americas Championship for Women	basketball
sport	Irving Thomas (born January 2, 1966) is a retired American professional basketball player born in Brooklyn, New York, formerly of the NBA.	Irving Thomas	basketball
sport	Behnam Yakhchali Dehkordi (Persian: بهنام یخچالی دهکردی ‎‎, born December 31, 1995) is an Iranian professional basketball player.	Behnam Yakhchali	basketball
sport	The 1999 AAPT Championships was a men's ATP tennis tournament held in Adelaide, Australia and played on outdoor hardcourts.	1999 AAPT Championships	tennis
sport	Georgios Printezis (alternate spelling: Giorgos) (Greek: Γιώργος Πρίντεζης; born February 22, 1985) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Georgios Printezis	basketball
sport	The Top 14 (French pronunciation: ​(tɔp katɔʀz)) is a rugby union club competition that is played in France created in 1892.	Top 14	rugby union
sport	The Austin Spurs are an American basketball team of the NBA Development League based in Austin, Texas.	Austin Spurs	basketball
sport	Lawrence Sidbury, Jr. (born February 6, 1986) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent.	Lawrence Sidbury	American football
sport	The Illawarra Steelers are an Australian rugby league football club based in the city of Wollongong, New South Wales.	Illawarra Steelers	rugby league
sport	Sportfreunde Köllerbach is a German association football club from the district of Köllerbach in Püttlingen, Saarland.	Sportfreunde Köllerbach	association football
sport	The Sir Thomas Lipton Trophy was an association football competition that took place twice, in Turin, Italy, in 1909 and 1911.	Sir Thomas Lipton Trophy	association football
sport	John Parco (born August 25, 1971) is an Italian-Canadian head coach of Asiago HC and former professional ice hockey player who played most of his professional career with Asiago HC in the Serie A. Internationally he represented Italy from 2003 until 2010 highlighted by scoring 3 goals in the Turin Olympics.	John Parco	ice hockey
sport	SV Horn is an Austrian association football club playing in the city of Horn.	SV Horn	association football
sport	Vytautas Šulskis (born August 8, 1988) is a professional Lithuanian basketball player, currently playing for Vytautas Prienai-Birštonas of Lithuanian Basketball League.	Vytautas Šulskis	basketball
spouse	Hadassah Lieberman (born March 28, 1948) is the second wife of former United States Senator Joe Lieberman (ID - CT).	Hadassah Lieberman	Joe Lieberman
spouse	Aleksandra Melnichenko (born 1977) is the wife of Russian businessman Andrey Melnichenko who has a personal wealth of $8 billion and in 2015 ranked 137th in the Forbes World's billionaires list.	Aleksandra Melnichenko	Andrey Melnichenko
spouse	Vivette Glover is also married to Jonathan Glover, a British philosopher known for his studies on bioethics	Vivette Glover	Jonathan Glover
spouse	Augusta Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein (Auguste Viktoria Friederike Luise Feodora Jenny; 22 October 1858 -- 11 April 1921) was the last German empress and queen of Prussia as the first wife of Wilhelm II, German Emperor.	Augusta Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein	Wilhelm II
spouse	The earliest story, related by Herodotus in the 5th century BCE, has Candaules betrayed and executed by his wife, Nyssia, in a cautionary tale against pride and possession.	Candaules	Nyssia
spouse	Lukarta of Bogen (born 1075) was a Duchess consort of Bohemia, married to Bretislaus II, Duke of Bohemia.	Lukarta of Bogen	Bretislaus II, Duke of Bohemia
spouse	Maria Theresa Kemble (1774--1838), née Marie Thérèse Du Camp, was an actress on the English stage and wife of Charles Kemble.	Maria Theresa Kemble	Charles Kemble
spouse	Liu Bei also married Mi Zhu's younger sister Lady Mi to draw support from the Mi clan.	Liu Bei	Lady Mi
spouse	Christina Stone was a business woman, and was married Loke Wan Tho, a Singaporean business magnate and later to Jeffrey Stone a film director.	Christina Stone	Loke Wan Tho	Jeffrey Stone
spouse	Alice Joyce was married three times, the first time in 1914 to actor Tom Moore with whom she had a daughter, Alice Joyce Moore (1916--1960).	Alice Joyce	Tom Moore
spouse	Helvis of Brunswick-Grubenhagen (1353 -- 15 January 1421), was the Queen consort of Cyprus and Queen consort of Armenia as the wife of King James I of Cyprus.	Helvis of Brunswick-Grubenhagen	James I of Cyprus
spouse	Louise Groody married on April 8, 1920, actor William Harrigan, the son of a prominent lawyer.	Louise Groody	William Harrigan
spouse	Edwin Thanhouser (11 November 1865 -- 21 March 1956) was an actor, businessman, and film producer, most notable as a founder of the Thanhouser Company, which was one of the first motion picture studios, along with his wife Gertrude Thanhouser and brother-in-law Lloyd Lonergan.	Edwin Thanhouser	Gertrude Thanhouser
spouse	Amanda Noar (born 1962) is an English actress, director and choreographer and is the former wife of actor Neil Morrissey.	Amanda Noar	Neil Morrissey
spouse	Amy Leslie (October 11, 1855 -- July 3, 1939) was an American actress, opera singer, and drama critic who was the first wife of Frank Buck.	Amy Leslie	Frank Buck
spouse	According to the Eddic poems Skírnismál and Hyndluljóð, Gymir and his wife Aurboða are Gerð's and her brother Beli's parents.	Gymir	Aurboða
spouse	Gerolama Orsini (1504--1570) sometimes Girolama Orsini was a member of the House of Orsini and the wife of Pier Luigi Farnese, Duke of Parma.	Gerolama Orsini	Pier Luigi Farnese, Duke of Parma
spouse	Václav Klaus is married to Livia Klausová, who is a Slovak by origin and an economist.	Václav Klaus	Livia Klausová
spouse	Linus Torvalds is married to Tove Torvalds (née Monni)--a six-time Finnish national karate champion--whom he first met in the autumn of 1993.	Linus Torvalds	Tove Torvalds
spouse	Paula Ben-Gurion (Hebrew: פולה בן גוריון‎; 1892 -- 1968) was the Russian-born wife of David Ben-Gurion, the first Prime Minister of the State of Israel.	Paula Ben-Gurion	David Ben-Gurion
spouse	Shahzad Khalil met Badar Khalil in his directed play 'Bi Jamalo', in which she played the title role of 'Bi Jamalo' and later they had married and have two children.	Shahzad Khalil	Badar Khalil
spouse	The first historical reference to Wang Yanjun was in 917, when his father Wang Shenzhi, who was then carrying the title of Prince of Min as a Later Liang vassal, had him marry the Southern Han princess Lady Liu Hua, the Princess Qingyuan.	Wang Yanjun	Lady Liu Hua
spouse	Joseph Coymans (1591 -- 1670s), was a Dutch businessman in Haarlem, known best today for his portrait painted by Frans Hals, and its pendant, Portrait of Dorothea Berck.	Joseph Coymans	Dorothea Berck
taxon rank	Bidens vulgata is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names big devils beggarticks and tall beggarticks.	Bidens vulgata	species
taxon rank	Papillifera deburghiae, is a species of small, air-breathing land snail with a clausilium, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.	Papillifera deburghiae	species
taxon rank	Vahadenia is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1902.	Vahadenia	genus
taxon rank	Penaeus is a genus of prawns, including the giant tiger prawn (P. monodon), the most important species of farmed crustacean worldwide.	Penaeus	genus
taxon rank	Burchardia is a genus of herbs that are endemic to Australia.	Burchardia	genus
taxon rank	Capsicum annuum var. glabriusculum is a variety of Capsicum annuum that is native to southern North America and northern South America.	Capsicum annuum var. glabriusculum	variety
taxon rank	Batrachyla nibaldoi is a species of frog in the Batrachylidae family found in Chile and possibly Argentina.	Batrachyla nibaldoi	species
taxon rank	Hostinella is a form genus, used for bare dichotomously branching stems (axes) which have not been found in association with spore-forming organs or sporangia and so cannot be assigned to a more precise genus or species.	Hostinella	genus
taxon rank	Rostellariella delicatula, common name the delicate tibia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Rostellariidae, the true conchs.	Rostellariella delicatula	species
taxon rank	The Baxter's banksia (Banksia baxteri), also known as bird's nest banksia, is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia.	Banksia baxteri	species
taxon rank	Melanochromis chipokae is a species of cichlid in the Cichlidae endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur at Chipoka.	Melanochromis chipokae	species
taxon rank	Chironitis is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.	Chironitis	genus
taxon rank	Crepidodera lamina is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in France, Portugal, Spain, and North Africa.	Crepidodera lamina	species
taxon rank	Limbarda is a genus of succulent, xerophytic plants in the daisy family.	Limbarda	genus
taxon rank	Trillium pusillum is a species of flowering plant in the family Melanthiaceae known by the common names dwarf wakerobin, little trillium and dwarf trillium.	Trillium pusillum	species
taxon rank	Rayososaurus is a genus of plant-eating sauropod dinosaur of the superfamily Diplodocoidea.	Rayososaurus	genus
taxon rank	Satureja is a genus of aromatic plants of the family Lamiaceae, related to rosemary and thyme.	Satureja	genus
taxon rank	Both Hulodes saturnioides and Hulodes donata where thought to be synonyms of Hulodes drylla, but have been reinstated as species recently.	Hulodes drylla	species
taxon rank	Haliotis fulgens, commonly called the green abalone, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis fulgens	species
taxon rank	Leitneria floridana (Corkwood), the sole species in the genus Leitneria, is a deciduous dioecious shrub or small tree, found only in the southeastern United States states of Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Missouri and Texas.	Leitneria	species
taxon rank	Ewingella americana is a Gram-negative rod, and the only species in the genus Ewingella.	Ewingella americana	species
taxon rank	Beech (Fagus) is a genus of deciduous trees in the family Fagaceae, native to temperate Europe, Asia and North America.	Beech	genus
taxon rank	Caloenas is a genus of pigeons.	Caloenas	genus
taxon rank	The perennial flower Abronia latifolia or Abronia arenaria (Menzies) is a species of sand-verbena known commonly as the coastal, or yellow sand-verbena.	Abronia latifolia	species
taxon rank	Bioko Allen's bushbaby (Sciurocheirus alleni) is a species of primate in the family Galagidae found in Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, and Nigeria.	Bioko Allen's bushbaby	species
taxon rank	Erythromicrobium ramosum is a species of bacterium, the type species of its genus.	Erythromicrobium ramosum	species
taxon rank	Xenophrys lekaguli is a species of frog belonging to the family Megophryidae.	Xenophrys lekaguli	species
taxon rank	Penstemon davidsonii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Davidson's penstemon, honoring Dr. George Davidson.	Penstemon davidsonii	species
taxon rank	Acrobasis angusella, the hickory leafstem borer or leafstem borer, is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis.	Acrobasis angusella	species
taxon rank	Catamola xanthomelalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Catamola.	Catamola xanthomelalis	species
taxon rank	Diliolophus vexator is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Diliolophus.	Diliolophus vexator	species
taxon rank	Favolaschia calocera, commonly known as the orange pore fungus, is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family.	Favolaschia calocera	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus victrix, or smooth-barked coolibah, is a species of Eucalyptus which is endemic to Australia.	Eucalyptus victrix	species
taxon rank	Larinus minutus is a species of true weevil known as the lesser knapweed flower weevil.	Larinus minutus	species
taxon rank	Elysia serca, the seagrass elysia or Caribbean seagrass elysia, is a species of sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Plakobranchidae.	Elysia serca	species
taxon rank	Agujaceratops (meaning ``Horned face from Aguja'') is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur.	Agujaceratops	genus
taxon rank	Sloane's viperfish, Chauliodus sloani, is a dragonfish of the genus Chauliodus, found in all tropical and subtropical oceans, at depths down to 2,500 m. Their length is between 20 and 35 cm. As a species, Sloane's viperfish holds the world record for largest teeth relative to head size in a fish.	Sloane's viperfish	species
taxon rank	Agave attenuata is a species of agave sometimes known as the ``lion's tail,'' ``swan's neck,'' or ``foxtail'' for its development of a curved stem, unusual among agaves.	Agave attenuata	species
taxon rank	The Solomons nightjar (Eurostopodus nigripennis) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.	Solomons nightjar	species
taxon rank	Callionymus curvicornis is a species of dragonet native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	Callionymus curvicornis	species
taxon rank	Quercus depressipes (also called depressed oak and Davis Mountain oak) is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family.	Quercus depressipes	species
taxon rank	Lilium kelloggii is a species of lily known by the common name Kellogg's lily.	Lilium kelloggii	species
taxon rank	Rutela is a genus of beetles from the family Scarabaeidae.	Rutela	genus
taxon rank	Meyerasaurus is an extinct genus of rhomaleosaurid known from Holzmaden, Baden-Württemberg of southeastern Germany.	Meyerasaurus	genus
taxon rank	The sole species is Perakanthus velutinus, which is endemic to Peninsular Malaysia.	Perakanthus	species
taxon rank	Ophthalmotilapia heterodonta is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from the northern end of the lake.	Ophthalmotilapia heterodonta	species
taxon rank	Eurylaimus is a genus of broadbills (family Eurylaimidae).	Eurylaimus	genus
taxon rank	Lestrimelitta is a genus of stingless bees found in the Neotropics, from Mexico to Brazil and Argentina, with 19 known species .	Lestrimelitta	genus
taxon rank	Mesopristes elongatus is a species of fish in the family Terapontidae known by the common name plain terapon.	Mesopristes elongatus	species
taxon rank	Ammotrophus arachnoides is a species of sand dollar of the family Arachnoididea.	Ammotrophus arachnoides	species
taxon rank	Takifugu is a genus of pufferfish, often better known by the Japanese name fugu (河豚, lit. ``river pig'').	Takifugu	genus
taxon rank	Harmonia guggolziorum is a rare California plant species of plant in the tarweed tribe within the aster family.	Harmonia guggolziorum	species
taxon rank	Phystis is a monotypic genus of butterflies from southern USA in the family Nymphalidae that contains the species Phystis simois.	Phystis	genus
taxon rank	Freycinetia multiflora is a species of flowering plant in the Pandanaceae family.	Freycinetia multiflora	species
taxon rank	Lupinus sparsiflorus, Coulter's lupine, is a species of lupin native to North America.	Lupinus sparsiflorus	species
taxon rank	Incolornis (meaning ``inhabitant bird'') is an extinct genus of basal birds from the Late Cretaceous (Coniacian, 89-86 mya).	Incolornis	genus
taxon rank	Calliostoma militare, common name Von Ihering's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma militare	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Zymologa mylicopa, which is found in Colombia.	Zymologa	species
taxon rank	Niphosaperda rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Niphosaperda.	Niphosaperda rondoni	species
taxon rank	Omobranchus zebra, the zebra blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific and Indian ocean.	Omobranchus zebra	species
taxon rank	Around 750 worldwide species of ectomycorrhizal mushrooms compose the genus Russula.	Russula	genus
taxon rank	Eragrostis intermedia is a species of grass known by the common name plains lovegrass.	Eragrostis intermedia	species
taxon rank	Styrax americanus, the American snowbell or mock-orange, is a plant species native to the southeastern United States and the Ohio Valley.	Styrax americanus	species
taxon rank	Hemicordylus nebulosus is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family.	Hemicordylus nebulosus	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus risdonii is a rare species of Eucalypt, endemic to southern Tasmania.	Eucalyptus risdonii	species
taxon rank	The Cascade Caverns salamander, or Cascade Caverns neotenic salamander (Eurycea latitans) is a species of aquatic salamander endemic to Cascade Caverns in Kendall County, Texas.	Cascade Caverns salamander	species
taxon rank	Orthophytum navioides is a species in the genus Orthophytum.	Orthophytum navioides	species
taxon rank	Lorryia formosa, commonly known as the yellow mite or the citrus yellow mite, is a species of acariform mite.	Lorryia formosa	species
taxon rank	Argyrocottus zanderi is a species of sculpin native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean from Japan to the Kuril Islands and in the Sea of Japan.	Argyrocottus zanderi	species
taxon rank	Erica baccans (or the Berry Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town, South Africa.	Erica baccans	species
taxon rank	Trachelium caeruleum (common name blue throatwort) is a species of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae native to the Mediterranean, where its native range includes Algeria, Morocco, Portugal, Spain, and Sicily.	Trachelium caeruleum	species
taxon rank	Chalcosoma engganensis is a large (35--60 mm) and heavy beetle, but anything less than the other Chalcosoma species.	Chalcosoma engganensis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Leucoconis erysiphina.	Leucoconis	species
taxon rank	Ocydina syngrammaula is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Ocydina.	Ocydina syngrammaula	species
taxon rank	Bifidobacterium asteroides is a gram-positive, rod-shaped species of bacteria.	Bifidobacterium asteroides	species
taxon rank	Pseudhesperosuchus (meaning ``false Hesperosuchus'') is a genus of sphenosuchian, a type of basal crocodylomorph, the clade that comprises the crocodilians and their closest kin.	Pseudhesperosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Bidenichthys capensis, the freetail brotula, is an uncommon South African fish of the Bythitidae family, and one of three species, and the type species, of the genus Bidenichthys.	Bidenichthys capensis	species
taxon rank	Tetrops is a small genus of longhorn beetles found in Eurasia.	Tetrops	genus
taxon rank	Bletia reflexa is a species of orchid native to Guatemala, Honduras, Chiapas, Oaxaca and Panama.	Bletia reflexa	species
taxon rank	Dermestes frischi is a species of beetle found in the Palearctic, including Europe, tropical Africa, the Near East, the Nearctic, North Africa and East Asia.	Dermestes frischi	species
taxon rank	Jinzhouornis is a dubious genus of prehistoric birds.	Jinzhouornis	genus
taxon rank	Blattoidealestes is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid from the Middle Permian of South Africa.	Blattoidealestes	genus
taxon rank	Leiopyrga cingulata is a small species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Leiopyrga cingulata	species
taxon rank	Crangon allmani, also spelled Crangon allmanni, is a species of shrimp in the genus Crangon.	Crangon allmani	species
taxon rank	Petroscirtes breviceps, the striped poison-fang blenny mimic, striped fangblenny mimic, short-head sabretooth blenny, short-headed blenny, sabretooth blenny, or the black-banded blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific and Indian ocean.	Petroscirtes breviceps	species
taxon rank	Bertkauia lucifuga is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in such European countries as Austria, Benelux, Bulgaria, Finland, Great Britain, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Ireland, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland.	Bertkauia lucifuga	species
taxon rank	Jepsonia is a small genus of flowering plants containing three species.	Jepsonia	genus
taxon rank	Acanthastrea ishigakiensis is a species of coral found in Indo-Pacific waters.	Acanthastrea ishigakiensis	species
taxon rank	Clavaria argillacea is a species of mushroom in the Clavariaceae family.	Clavaria argillacea	species
taxon rank	The sole species, Lodoicea maldivica, is endemic to the islands of Praslin and Curieuse in the Seychelles.	Lodoicea	species
taxon rank	Flacourtiaceae is a defunct family of flowering plants whose former members have been scattered to various families, mostly to Achariaceae, Samydaceae, and Salicaceae.	Flacourtiaceae	family
taxon rank	Huoshanornis is a genus of enantiornithine birds which existed in what is now Jiufotang Formation of Western Liaoning Province, China during the early Cretaceous period.	Huoshanornis	genus
taxon rank	Dinopanorpidae is a small family of extinct insects in the order Mecoptera (scorpionflies) that contains two genera and seven species.	Dinopanorpidae	family
taxon rank	Myxodagnus macrognathus is a species of sand stargazer that is known to occur off the Pacific coasts of Mexico and Peru.	Myxodagnus macrognathus	species
taxon rank	Mimoleprodera granulosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimoleprodera.	Mimoleprodera granulosa	species
taxon rank	Mimotroea cacioides is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily, and the only species in the genus Mimotroea.	Mimotroea cacioides	species
taxon rank	Microbiota is a monotypic genus of evergreen coniferous shrub in the cypress family Cupressaceae, containing only one species, Microbiota decussata (Siberian carpet cypress, Russian arbor-vitae).	Microbiota decussata	species
taxon rank	Pituophis catenifer affinis, commonly known as the Sonoran gopher snake, is a subspecies of nonvenomous colubrid endemic to the southwestern United States.	Pituophis catenifer affinis	subspecies
taxon rank	Glomeris marginata is a common European species of pill millipede.	Glomeris marginata	species
taxon rank	Nebria rubicunda is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia and in Spain.	Nebria rubicunda	species
taxon rank	Keichousaurus is a genus of marine reptile in the pachypleurosaur family which went extinct at the close of the Triassic in the Triassic-Jurassic extinction event.	Keichousaurus	genus
taxon rank	Oxypetalum is a genus of flowering plants in the Apocynaceae family, first described with this name in 1810.	Oxypetalum	genus
taxon rank	Allium nanodes is a plant species native to the Sichuan and Yunnan regions of southern China.	Allium nanodes	species
taxon rank	Diloma arida is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae.	Diloma arida	species
taxon rank	Sesleria is a Eurasian and North African genus of perennial plants in the grass family.	Sesleria	genus
taxon rank	Menegazzia terebrata is a species of lichen found scattered across the Northern Hemisphere.	Menegazzia terebrata	species
taxon rank	Acer miaotaiense (syn. Acer miyabei subsp. miaotaiense (P.C.Tsoong) E.Murray) is a species of maple native to China, in southeastern Gansu, southwestern Henan, northwestern Hubei, southern Shaanxi, and Zhejiang.	Acer miaotaiense	species
taxon rank	Pararcus is an extinct genus of placodont marine reptile from the Middle Triassic of the Netherlands.	Pararcus	genus
taxon rank	Brickellia greenei is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Greene's brickellbush.	Brickellia greenei	species
taxon rank	Eranthis hyemalis is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family Ranunculaceae, native to woodland habitats in Europe.	Eranthis hyemalis	species
taxon rank	Otothyris lophophanes is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil, where it is found in the coastal streams of Rio de Janeiro State.	Otothyris lophophanes	species
taxon rank	Spirillum minus is a species of Spirillum.	Spirillum minus	species
taxon rank	Diplomystes camposensis is a species of velvet catfish endemic to Chile where it occurs in the Valdivia region.	Diplomystes camposensis	species
taxon rank	Arthrostylidium is a Neotropical genus of climbing bamboo in the grass family.	Arthrostylidium	genus
taxon rank	Gymnitidae is a family of Lower to Middle Triassic ammonite cephalopods with evolute, discoidal shells.	Gymnitidae	family
taxon rank	Cantharellus spectaculus is a species of fungus in the genus Cantharellus.	Cantharellus spectaculus	species
taxon rank	The Cynareae are a tribe of flowering plants in the daisy family (Asteraceae).	Cynareae	tribe
taxon rank	It is monotypic with Nothobachia ablephara as the sole species.	Nothobachia	species
taxon rank	Sorbus aria (syn. Aria nivea), the whitebeam or common whitebeam, is a European and Near-Eastern deciduous tree, the type species of the subgenus of the whitebeams.	Sorbus aria	species
taxon rank	Dalbergia funera (the Ebano or Funera) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Dalbergia funera	species
taxon rank	Paralaoma servilis is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Punctidae, the dot snails.	Paralaoma servilis	species
taxon rank	Monotomidae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga, containing the following genera:	Monotomidae	family
taxon rank	Plesiosuchus is an extinct genus of geosaurine metriorhynchid crocodyliform known from the Late Jurassic (late Kimmeridgian to early Tithonian stage) of Dorset, England and possibly also Spain.	Plesiosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Platymantis vitiensis (common names: Fiji tree frog, Levuka wrinkled ground frog) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Platymantis vitiensis	species
taxon rank	Belontia signata, the Ceylonese combtail, is a species of gourami endemic to Sri Lanka.	Belontia signata	species
taxon rank	Blastophaga psenes is a wasp species in the genus Blastophaga.	Blastophaga psenes	species
taxon rank	Tachina barbata is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Tajikistan.	Tachina barbata	species
taxon rank	Trifolium montanum, the mountain clover, is a plant species of the genus Trifolium.	Trifolium montanum	species
taxon rank	Tradescantia crassula, common names succulent spiderwort and white-flowered tradescantia, is a species of plants in the Commelinaceae.	Tradescantia crassula	species
taxon rank	Cyrtopora is an extinct genus from a class of marine Bryozoans, the cyclostomes.	Cyrtopora	genus
taxon rank	Lochmodocerus antennatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Lochmodocerus.	Lochmodocerus antennatus	species
taxon rank	Othnielosaurus is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur that lived about 155 to 148 million years ago, during the Late Jurassic-age Morrison Formation of the western United States.	Othnielosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cronicombra granulata is a species of sedge moths in the genus Cronicombra.	Cronicombra granulata	species
taxon rank	Tineola is a genus of moths the family Tineidae.	Tineola	genus
taxon rank	Caridina dennerli is a small species of freshwater shrimp from Sulawesi (Indonesia) that grows up to 2.5 centimetres (1.0 in) in length.	Caridina dennerli	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia cornigera (horned spurge) is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae, native to Bhutan.	Euphorbia cornigera	species
taxon rank	The Exoschizonidae are a family in the phylum Apicomplexa.	Exoschizonidae	family
taxon rank	Verpa is a genus of ascomycete fungi related to the morels.	Verpa	genus
taxon rank	Solidago auriculata, commonly called clasping goldenrod or eared goldenrod, is a species of flowering plant native to the southeastern and south-central United States from South Carolina west as far as eastern Texas and southeastern Oklahoma.	Solidago auriculata	species
taxon rank	Paranomus is a genus of 18 species of plants, commonly known as ``sceptres'', in the protea family.	Paranomus	genus
taxon rank	Berberis argentinensis is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1921.	Berberis argentinensis	species
taxon rank	Iheringichthys is a small genus of long-whiskered catfish native to South America.	Iheringichthys	genus
taxon rank	Ophiomorus latastii is a species of skink, a lizard in the family Scincidae.	Ophiomorus latastii	species
taxon rank	Tenthredo livida is a sawfly species belonging to the family Tenthredinidae (common sawflies), subfamily Tenthredininae.	Tenthredo livida	species
taxon rank	Synbranchus marmoratus, the marbled swamp eel, neotropical swamp eel, marmorated swamp eel or mottled swamp eel is a species of swamp eel native to Central and South America.	Synbranchus marmoratus	species
taxon rank	Picea orientalis, commonly known as the Oriental spruce or Caucasian spruce, is a species of spruce native to the Caucasus and adjacent northeast Turkey.	Picea orientalis	species
taxon rank	Paretroplus lamenabe is a species of cichlid from the lower part of the Mahajamba River and Lake Tseny in northwestern Madagascar.	Paretroplus lamenabe	species
taxon rank	Lycium brevipes is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common name Baja desert-thorn.	Lycium brevipes	species
taxon rank	Glomerales is an order of symbiotic fungi within the phylum Glomeromycota.	Glomerales	order
taxon rank	Wrightia antidysenterica is sometimes confused with the species Holarrhena pubescens due to a second, taxonomically invalid publication of the name Holarrhena pubescens.	Wrightia antidysenterica	species
taxon rank	Ceratopteridaceae is an improper family name for the clade that is now known to include the two genera Ceratopteris and Acrostichum.	Ceratopteridaceae	family
taxon rank	Chromodoris strigata, is a species of colourful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.	Chromodoris strigata	species
taxon rank	Bagauda zigzag is a species of assassin bug discovered in Taiwan in 2007 in an area of uplifted coral reef forest.	Bagauda zigzag	species
taxon rank	Bayerotrochus boucheti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae.	Bayerotrochus boucheti	species
taxon rank	Macleaya cordata, the five-seeded plume-poppy, is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family Papaveraceae, which is used ornamentally.	Macleaya cordata	species
taxon rank	Dubautia kenwoodii (Kalalau rim dubautia) is an ``extremely rare'' species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Dubautia kenwoodii	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus gomphocephala is a species of tree, also known as Tuart, in the genus Eucalyptus.	Eucalyptus gomphocephala	species
taxon rank	Clermontia peleana is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Pele clermontia.	Clermontia peleana	species
taxon rank	Haplocheirus is a genus of alvarezsauroid theropod dinosaur.	Haplocheirus	genus
taxon rank	Microlipophrys is a genus of combtooth blennies found in Atlantic ocean and the Mediterranean sea.	Microlipophrys	genus
taxon rank	Hygroaster is a genus of mushroom-forming fungi in the family Hygrophoraceae.	Hygroaster	genus
taxon rank	Disocactus flagelliformis or (Rattail Cactus) is a species of Cactaceae and is the most cultivated species in the genus.	Disocactus flagelliformis	species
taxon rank	Calenduleae is a flowering plant tribe of the family Asteraceae.	Calenduleae	tribe
taxon rank	Xanthoparmelia lavicola is a species of lichen from Parmeliaceae family that can be found in Arizona, California, and Ecuador.	Xanthoparmelia lavicola	species
taxon rank	Cryptogramma cascadensis is a species of fern known by the common names Cascade parsley fern and Cascade rockbrake.	Cryptogramma cascadensis	species
taxon rank	In Linnaean taxonomy, Sauropodomorpha (which means ``lizard feet forms'') is either a suborder or is left unranked.	Sauropodomorpha	suborder
taxon rank	Aspidistra yingjiangensis is a species of Aspidistra that is found in China.	Aspidistra yingjiangensis	species
taxon rank	Brychius pacificus is a species of beetle in the genus Brychius that was discovered in 1928.	Brychius pacificus	species
taxon rank	Aleeta is a monotypic genus of Cicada, containing A. curvicosta, found in Australia.	Aleeta	genus
taxon rank	Marasmius midnapurensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae that was first described scientifically in 2014.	Marasmius midnapurensis	species
taxon rank	Didinium is a genus of unicellular ciliate protists with at least ten accepted species.	Didinium	genus
taxon rank	Cuscuta salina is a species of dodder known by the common name salt marsh dodder.	Cuscuta salina	species
taxon rank	Pariproca spinipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pariproca.	Pariproca spinipennis	species
taxon rank	Staphylinus is a genus of rove beetles.	Staphylinus	genus
taxon rank	Citharus linguatula, the spotted flounder or Atlantic spotted flounder, is a species of fish in the Citharidae, a family of flounders.	Citharus linguatula	species
taxon rank	Rosa fedtschenkoana is a species in the plant genus Rosa in the family Rosaceae.	Rosa fedtschenkoana	species
taxon rank	Boerhavia intermedia is a species of spiderling plant known by the common name five-wing spiderling.	Boerhavia intermedia	species
taxon rank	Lirularia parcipicta, common name the few-spot lirularia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Lirularia parcipicta	species
taxon rank	Phacelia vallis-mortae is a species of flowering plant in the borage family, Boraginaceae, known by the common name Death Valley phacelia.	Phacelia vallis-mortae	species
taxon rank	Aenictus ceylonicus is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Southern India, Sri Lanka, Southeast Asia and Australia.	Aenictus ceylonicus	species
taxon rank	Nassarius kraussianus, common name the tick shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius kraussianus	species
taxon rank	Temnolamia flavosignata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Temnolamia.	Temnolamia flavosignata	species
taxon rank	Argyrodella is a monotypic genus of tangle-web spider, containing the species Argyrodella pusillus.	Argyrodella	species
taxon rank	Petrochromis macrognathus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers areas with rocky substrates where it can graze on algae.	Petrochromis macrognathus	species
taxon rank	Philodromus buxi is a spider species found from Europe to Kazakhstan.	Philodromus buxi	species
taxon rank	Parastathmodera bothai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parastathmodera.	Parastathmodera bothai	species
taxon rank	Phidippus femoratus is a species of spider in the Salticidae family, that can be found in the US states of New Mexico, Arizona and California.	Phidippus femoratus	species
taxon rank	Iris tectorum (also known as roof iris, Japanese roof iris and wall iris) is a species in the genus Iris, it is also in the subgenus of Limniris.	Iris tectorum	species
taxon rank	Conus fumigatus, common name the smoky cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus fumigatus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea lepidoclada is a species of tree fern native to central and eastern New Guinea, where it is locally common in rain forest and mossy forest at an altitude of 200--1000 m. The trunk of this species is erect and usually 2--3 m tall.	Cyathea lepidoclada	species
taxon rank	Plotosus canius is a species of eeltail catfishes, in the genus Plotosus, native to the Indian Ocean, the western Pacific Ocean and New Guinea.	Plotosus canius	species
taxon rank	Lepanthopsis melanantha, common name tiny orchid, is a very small epiphytic species of orchid.	Lepanthopsis melanantha	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Physalosporopsis rhizophoricola.	Physalosporopsis	species
taxon rank	Pachyteuthis is a genus of belemnite that lived from the Early Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous, and has been found in Asia and Europe.	Pachyteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Tetracentron is a genus of flowering plant, the sole living species being Tetracentron sinense.	Tetracentron	species
taxon rank	Bitis arietans is a venomous viper species found in savannah and grasslands from Morocco and western Arabia throughout Africa except for the Sahara and rain forest regions.	Bitis arietans	species
taxon rank	Haptoclinus dropi, the Four-fin blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny only known to occur off of Curaçao in the Caribbean where it was collected from a deep-sea reef at a depth between 157 and 167 metres (515 and 548 ft).	Haptoclinus dropi	species
taxon rank	Sporobolus contractus is a species of grass known by the common name spike dropseed.	Sporobolus contractus	species
taxon rank	Scrobicaria is a genus of South American plants in the groundsel tribe within the daisy family.	Scrobicaria	genus
taxon rank	Oreophryne furu is a species of microhylid frog endemic to Western New Guinea, distinguished from other related species by its small size, unique call and egg-guarding behaviour.	Oreophryne furu	species
taxon rank	Crescentia alata (variously called Mexican calabash, jícaro, morro, morrito, winged calabash) is a species in the trumpet-flower family Bignoniaceae and in the calabash trees genus Crescentia, native to southern Mexico and Central America south to Costa Rica.	Crescentia alata	species
taxon rank	Benthoclionella jenneri, common name Jenner's turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.	Benthoclionella jenneri	species
taxon rank	Anolis bimaculatus, the panther anole, is a species of anole lizard that is endemic to the Caribbean Lesser Antilles.	Anolis bimaculatus	species
taxon rank	Cymbopogon elegans is a grass species in the genus Cymbopogon.	Cymbopogon elegans	species
taxon rank	Oncidium geertianum is a species of native to central and southwestern Mexico.	Oncidium geertianum	species
taxon rank	Inanidrilus carterensis is a species of marine Annelid worm.	Inanidrilus carterensis	species
taxon rank	Angionychus lividus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Angionychus.	Angionychus	species
taxon rank	Nypa fruticans, commonly known as the nipa palm, is a species of palm native to the coastlines and estuarine habitats of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Nypa fruticans	species
taxon rank	Redlichia takooensis is a species of redlichiid trilobite from the lower Cambrian-aged Emu Shale of Kangaroo Island, Australia.	Redlichia takooensis	species
taxon rank	Saharastega is a genus of prehistoric amphibian which lived during the late Permian period, around 251 to 260 million years ago.	Saharastega	genus
taxon rank	Herina scutellaris is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in most of Western Europe.	Herina scutellaris	species
taxon rank	Meriones tristrami, known as Tristram's jird, is a species of gerbil that lives in the Middle East.	Tristram's jird	species
taxon rank	Cnodalon viride is a species of darkling beetles in the family Tenebrionidae.	Cnodalon viride	species
taxon rank	Paranaches simplex is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paranaches.	Paranaches simplex	species
taxon rank	Heterometrus longimanus, the Black Emperor Scorpion or Asian forest scorpion, is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Scorpionidae.	Heterometrus longimanus	species
taxon rank	Austrophlebia costalis, the southern giant darner, is a species of dragonfly endemic to Australia.	Austrophlebia costalis	species
taxon rank	Gagea kunawurensis is an Asian species of plants in the lily family.	Gagea kunawurensis	species
taxon rank	Conta is a small genus of South Asian river catfishes native to India and Bangladesh.	Conta	genus
taxon rank	The Cowslip Orchid or Butter Orchid (Caladenia flava) is species of orchid found across Southwest Australia.	Caladenia flava	species
taxon rank	Sinomeganeura is an extinct genus of griffenfly in the family Meganeuridae and containing a single species Sinomeganeura huangheensis.	Sinomeganeura	species
taxon rank	Uromycladium tepperianum is a rust fungus that infects over 100 species of Acacia and related genera including Paraserianthes in Australia, south-east Asia, the south Pacific and New Zealand.	Uromycladium tepperianum	species
taxon rank	Microhyla mantheyi (common name: Manthey's narrow-mouthed frog) is a species of microhylid frog from the Malay Peninsula (Narathiwat Province in southern Thailand, peninsular Malaysia, and Singapore).	Microhyla mantheyi	species
taxon rank	Limnodynastes (commonly known as the Australian swamp frogs) is a genus of frog native to Australia, southern New Guinea and some Torres Strait Islands.	Limnodynastes	genus
taxon rank	Charaxes lydiae is the sole member of the Charaxes lydiae species group	Charaxes lydiae	species
taxon rank	Coluber is a genus of thin-bodied, fast-moving, colubrid snakes commonly known as racers.	Coluber	genus
taxon rank	Arnica cernua is a species of arnica known by the common name serpentine arnica.	Arnica cernua	species
taxon rank	Melanobatrachus is a genus of narrow-mouthed frogs (Microhylidae family) that contains a single species, Melanobatrachus indicus.	Melanobatrachus	species
taxon rank	Solidago squarrosa, commonly known as stout goldenrod , is a North American species of goldenrod in the sunflower family.	Solidago squarrosa	species
taxon rank	The Trinil tiger (Panthera tigris trinilensis) is an extinct tiger subspecies dating from about 1.2 million years ago that was found at the locality of Trinil, Java, Indonesia.	Trinil tiger	subspecies
taxon rank	Textularia is a genus of textulariid foraminifera.	Textularia	genus
taxon rank	Spengelomenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters, shell-less, worm-like, marine mollusks.	Spengelomenia	genus
taxon rank	Pipiza festiva is a species of Hoverfly, from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.	Pipiza festiva	species
taxon rank	Eustephia is a genus of South American plants in the Amaryllis family.	Eustephia	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron clokeyi is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Clokey's fleabane, or Clokey's daisy.	Erigeron clokeyi	species
taxon rank	Pareiasaurus is an extinct genus of anapsid reptile from the Permian period.	Pareiasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Ctenarchis is a genus of moths of the Carposinidae family, containing only one species, Ctenarchis cramboides.	Ctenarchis	species
taxon rank	Clarkia tembloriensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family, known by the common name Temblor Range clarkia.	Clarkia tembloriensis	species
taxon rank	Volvox carteri F.Stein 1873 is a species of colonial green algae in the order Volvocales.	Volvox carteri	species
taxon rank	Tropidophis taczanowskyi, or Taczanowski's dwarf boa, is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family.	Tropidophis taczanowskyi	species
taxon rank	The small Lepidopteran family Douglasiidae includes several species of moths whose adults are collectively called Douglas moths and whose larvae are leaf miners.	Douglasiidae	family
taxon rank	Allium giganteum, common name Giant Onion, is an Asian species of onion, native to central and southwestern Asia but cultivated in many countries as a flowering garden plant.	Allium giganteum	species
taxon rank	Jasminum malabaricum (malabar jasmine, wild jasmine) is a species of flowering plant in the family Oleaceae, native to southern parts of India, and Sri Lanka.	Jasminum malabaricum	species
taxon rank	Cicurina venii is a rare species of eyeless spider in the family Dictynidae known by the common name Braken Bat Cave meshweaver.	Cicurina venii	species
taxon rank	Cyathea doctersii is a species of tree fern endemic to Sumatra, where it grows in forest at an altitude of approximately 150 m. The trunk is erect and 2-3 m tall.	Cyathea doctersii	species
taxon rank	Climacoceratidae (``ladder horns'') is a family of superficially deer-like artiodactyl ungulates restricted to the Miocene of Africa.	Climacoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Vanda cristata is a species of orchid found from the Himalaya to China (northwestern Yunnan).	Vanda cristata	species
taxon rank	Mesoscincus is a genus comprising three species of skink native to Mexico and Central America.	Mesoscincus	genus
taxon rank	Eptesicus is a genus of bats, commonly called house bats, in the family Vespertilionidae.	Eptesicus	genus
taxon rank	Neolitsea parvigemma is a species of small to medium-sized tree in the Lauraceae family.	Neolitsea parvigemma	species
taxon rank	Pythiales is an order of water-molds (oomycetes).	Pythiales	order
taxon rank	Calyptrochilum is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae native to tropical Africa, with one species extending into Brazil.	Calyptrochilum	genus
taxon rank	Paleocadmus is a genus of radula known only from the Mazon Creek biota.	Paleocadmus	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron elmeri is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names Elmer's fleabane and Elmer's erigeron.	Erigeron elmeri	species
taxon rank	Heliamphora arenicola is a species of marsh pitcher plant known only from the western side of the Ilu--	Heliamphora arenicola	species
taxon rank	Acanthaceae is a family (the acanthus family) of dicotyledonous flowering plants containing almost 250 genera and about 2500 species.	Acanthaceae	family
taxon rank	Marcgraviastrum sodiroi is a species of plant in the Marcgraviaceae family endemic to Ecuador.	Marcgraviastrum sodiroi	species
taxon rank	Pakicetinae is a subfamily of Pakicetidae of the order Archaeoceti.	Pakicetinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Micropterix rablensis is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Zeller in 1868.	Micropterix rablensis	species
taxon rank	Cirsium remotifolium is a species of thistle known by the common name fewleaf thistle.	Cirsium remotifolium	species
taxon rank	Praematoliparis anarthractae is a species of snailfish native to the southeastern Pacific Ocean near Chile where it can be found at depths down to 485 metres (1,591 ft) though usually not deeper than 55 metres (180 ft).	Praematoliparis anarthractae	species
taxon rank	Lithophila is a genus of plant in family Amaranthaceae.	Lithophila	genus
taxon rank	Pittosporum obcordatum, commonly called Heart-leaved Kohuhu, is a species of plant in the Pittosporaceae family.	Pittosporum obcordatum	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia oreophila is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name Argus blazingstar.	Mentzelia oreophila	species
taxon rank	Myristica sogeriensis is a flora species in the Myristicaceae family.	Myristica sogeriensis	species
taxon rank	Odostomella doliolum is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc within the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Odostomella doliolum	species
taxon rank	Menesthella is a genus of very small sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusks, or micromollusks.	Menesthella	genus
taxon rank	Chorizanthe palmeri is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Palmer's spineflower.	Chorizanthe palmeri	species
taxon rank	Saurida umeyoshii is a species of lizardfish that lives in the Pacific Ocean.	Saurida umeyoshii	species
taxon rank	Viola pinetorum is a species of violet known by the common names goosefoot violet, goosefoot yellow violet, gray-leaved violet, or mountain yellow violet.	Viola pinetorum	species
taxon rank	The genus Agapostemon is a common group of Western Hemisphere sweat bees.	Agapostemon	genus
taxon rank	Cryptococcus phenolicus is a fungus species in the genus Cryptococcus.	Cryptococcus phenolicus	species
taxon rank	Tetractomia majus is a species of plant in the Rutaceae (Rue or Citrus) family.	Tetractomia majus	species
taxon rank	Cryptoheros is a small genus of cichlid fishes from Central America and southeast Mexico.	Cryptoheros	genus
taxon rank	Polytrichum alpinum, also known as Alpine haircap, is a species of moss from the family Polytrichaceae.	Polytrichum alpinum	species
taxon rank	Rolfosteus canningensis is an extinct species of arthrodire placoderm from the late Devonian of the Gogo Formation of Western Australia.	Rolfosteus	species
taxon rank	Adelpha lycorias, common name Pink-banded Sister, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.	Adelpha lycorias	species
taxon rank	Anomaloglossus degranvillei (common name: Degranville's rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Anomaloglossus degranvillei	species
taxon rank	Galium rubioides (European bedstraw) is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae, native to Europe and Asia.	Galium rubioides	species
taxon rank	Halimeda is a genus of green macroalgae.	Halimeda	genus
taxon rank	Erythrotrichia welwitschii is a red algae species in the genus Erythrotrichia found in South Africa from Cape of Good Hope and False Bay extending eastwards at least as far as Port Elizabeth.	Erythrotrichia welwitschii	species
taxon rank	Fromia milleporella, common name red starfish or black spotted starfish, is a species of starfish belonging to the family Goniasteridae.	Fromia milleporella	species
taxon rank	Clivia nobilis (green-tip forest lily), is a species of flowering plant in the genus Clivia, of the family Amaryllidaceae, native to South Africa.	Clivia nobilis	species
taxon rank	Odorrana wuchuanensis, Wuchuan (odorous) frog, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Guizhou province, China.	Odorrana wuchuanensis	species
taxon rank	Brunneria borealis, common name Brunner's mantis, Brunner's stick mantis, or northern grass mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to the Southern United States.	Brunneria borealis	species
taxon rank	Galium multiflorum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names Kellogg's bedstraw, shrubby bedstraw, and many-flowered bedstraw.	Galium multiflorum	species
taxon rank	Calycolpus warscewiczianus is a plant species native to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panamá and Venezuela.	Calycolpus warscewiczianus	species
taxon rank	Oncidium citrinum is a species of orchid found from Colombia to Trinidad.	Oncidium citrinum	species
taxon rank	Gardenia brighamii, commonly known as nānū, naʻu, or forest gardenia, is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family, Rubiaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Gardenia brighamii	species
taxon rank	Frasera gypsicola is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common names Sunnyside green-gentian, Sunnyside elkweed, and Sunnyside frasera.	Frasera gypsicola	species
taxon rank	The Philippine pygmy woodpecker (Picoides maculatus), also known as the Philippine woodpecker, is a species of bird in the woodpecker family (Picidae).	Philippine pygmy woodpecker	species
taxon rank	Champsodon is the sole genus in the family Champsodontidae.	Champsodon	genus
taxon rank	Eriogonum elatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name tall woolly buckwheat.	Eriogonum elatum	species
taxon rank	The genus Anchiornis contains only the type species Anchiornis huxleyi.	Anchiornis	species
taxon rank	Paraorthacodus is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish.	Paraorthacodus	genus
taxon rank	Gongora armeniaca is a species of orchid found in Costa Rica, Panama and Nicaragua.	Gongora armeniaca	species
taxon rank	Seahorse is the name given to 54 species of small marine fishes in the genus Hippocampus.	Seahorse	genus
taxon rank	Harpalus pennsylvanicus is a species of ground beetle that lives throughout North America.	Harpalus pennsylvanicus	species
taxon rank	Cirripectes hutchinsi is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern Indian ocean, around western Australia.	Cirripectes hutchinsi	species
taxon rank	Hypsibarbus pierrei is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the genus Hypsibarbus native to rivers in Mainland Southeast Asia.	Hypsibarbus pierrei	species
taxon rank	Echinopsis chiloensis is a species of cacti native to South America; genus members are known as hedgehog cacti, sea-urchin cactus or Easter lily cactus.	Echinopsis chiloensis	species
taxon rank	Trichognoma chinensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichognoma.	Trichognoma chinensis	species
taxon rank	Myrmecia vindex is a species of Myrmecia which is native in Australia.	Myrmecia vindex	species
taxon rank	Cryptococcus adeliensis is a species of Cryptococcus that when plated on agar produces colonies that are cream colored, with a smooth, glossy appearance.	Cryptococcus adeliensis	species
taxon rank	Lepechinia calycina is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name pitchersage or woodbalm.	Lepechinia calycina	species
taxon rank	Sisymbrium loeselii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by several common names, including small tumbleweed mustard, false London-rocket, and tall hedge mustard.	Sisymbrium loeselii	species
taxon rank	Paraleptomys is a genus of rodent from New Guinea.	Paraleptomys	genus
taxon rank	Artoriopsis expolita is a species of wolf spider from southern Australia.	Artoriopsis expolita	species
taxon rank	Ameles crassinervis is a species of praying mantis native to Afghanistan, Iran, and the Transcaucasus.	Ameles crassinervis	species
taxon rank	Cladonia (cup lichen) is a genus of moss-like lichens in the family Cladoniaceae.	Cladonia	genus
taxon rank	Bamboo coral, family Isididae, is a family of mostly deep-sea coral of the phylum Cnidaria, class Anthozoa, and subclass Octocorallia.	Bamboo coral	family
taxon rank	Phalaenopsis mannii is a species of orchid found from eastern Nepal to southern Yunnan.	Phalaenopsis mannii	species
taxon rank	Callia albicornis is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Calliini in the genus Callia, discovered by Bates in 1885.	Callia albicornis	species
taxon rank	Notholirion is a small Asian genus of bulbous plants in the lily family.	Notholirion	genus
taxon rank	Carlia longipes is a species of skink, commonly known as closed-litter rainbow-skink, in the genera Carlia.	Carlia longipes	species
taxon rank	Thaumatococcus is a genus of tropical flowering plants, thought for many years to contain a single species from western Africa:	Thaumatococcus	genus
taxon rank	Allophylus is a genus within the plant family Sapindaceae.	Allophylus	genus
taxon rank	Psiadia is a genus of Asian and African plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Psiadia	genus
taxon rank	Ectodini is a tribe of cichlids that are endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.	Ectodini	tribe
taxon rank	The flower-feeding march fly, Scaptia auriflua, is a species of horse fly that occurs in Australia.	Scaptia auriflua	species
taxon rank	Clavatula quinteni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae, first described in 2006.	Clavatula quinteni	species
taxon rank	Mongolicosa glupovi is a species of wolf spider found in the Russian republics of Altai, Khakassia and Tuva.	Mongolicosa glupovi	species
taxon rank	Sturisomatichthys caquetae is a species of armored catfish of the family Loricariidae endemic to Colombia where it occurs in the Caquetá River basin.	Sturisomatichthys caquetae	species
taxon rank	Nagia promota is a species of moth in the Erebidae family, this species occurs in Madagascar.	Nagia promota	species
taxon rank	Githopsis is a small genus of flowering plants in the bellflower family which are known as bluecups.	Githopsis	genus
taxon rank	Bufo silentvalleyensis (Silent Valley toad or South Indian hill toad), now usually placed in genus Duttaphrynus, is a species of toad endemic to Kerala, southern India.	Bufo silentvalleyensis	species
taxon rank	Fossorochromis rostratus species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa.	Fossorochromis rostratus	species
taxon rank	Conus generalis, common name the general cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus generalis	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Contralissa catagrapta, which is found in South Africa.	Contralissa	species
taxon rank	Leucothrinax is a monotypic genus--it includes only one species, L. morrisii.	Leucothrinax	species
taxon rank	Pedostibes rugosus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Pedostibes rugosus	species
taxon rank	Pseudochazara mniszechii (Herrich-Schaffer, (1851)) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Pseudochazara mniszechii	species
taxon rank	Coluria is a plant genus in the sub family Rosoideae native to Asia, Siberia and Altai.	Coluria	genus
taxon rank	Leptoglossus phyllopus or Florida leaf-footed bug is a species of leaf-footed bug in the same genus as the western conifer seed bug (L. occidentalis) found throughout the southern United States from Florida to California, through Mexico and as far south as Costa Rica.	Leptoglossus phyllopus	species
taxon rank	Helianthella parryi, Parry's dwarf-sunflower, is a North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Helianthella parryi	species
taxon rank	Trichophyton is a genus of fungi, which includes the parasitic varieties that cause tinea, including athlete's foot, ringworm, jock itch, and similar infections of the nail, beard, skin and scalp.	Trichophyton	genus
taxon rank	Paracyprichromis is a small genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa.	Paracyprichromis	genus
taxon rank	Agyrtidae or primitive carrion beetles are a small family of polyphagan beetles They are found in mostly temperate areas of the northern hemisphere and in New Zealand.	Agyrtidae	family
taxon rank	Parapercis alboguttata, the bluenose grubfish, known also as the bluenose sandperch and whitespot sandsmelt, is a species of marine bony fish in the family Pinguipedidae, native to the western Indo-Pacific Ocean.	Parapercis alboguttata	species
taxon rank	Malus kansuensis is a species in the genus Malus in the family Rosaceae, called with the common name Calva crabapple.	Malus kansuensis	species
taxon rank	Alcimochthes is a genus of crab spider found in China, Vietnam, Singapore, Taiwan and Japan.	Alcimochthes	genus
taxon rank	Lasiorhinus is the genus containing the two hairy-nosed wombats, which are found in Australia.	Lasiorhinus	genus
taxon rank	Pelecocera tricincta is a species of Hoverflies, from the family Syrphidae.	Pelecocera tricincta	species
taxon rank	Therippia is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species: subgenus Paratherippia Therippia affinis Breuning, 1938 Therippia latefasciata Breuning, 1936 Therippia mediofasciata Breuning, 1935 Therippia triloba (Pascoe, 1859) subgenus Therippia Therippia decorata Pascoe, 1865 Therippia signata (Gahan, 1890)	Therippia	genus
taxon rank	Acacia eriopoda, commonly known as the Broome pindan wattle is a species of wattle in the legume family that is native to northern Western Australia.	Acacia eriopoda	species
taxon rank	Ramaria rielii is a European species of coral fungus in the family Gomphaceae.	Ramaria rielii	species
taxon rank	Platycheirus scutatus is a very common species of hoverfly.	Platycheirus scutatus	species
taxon rank	Thymistadopsis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.	Thymistadopsis	genus
taxon rank	Coilostylis parkinsoniana (Parkinson's Coilostylis), formerly Epidendrum parkinsonianum, is an epiphytic species of orchid in the genus Coilostylis, occurring in Mexico and Central America.	Coilostylis parkinsoniana	species
taxon rank	Sculptaria is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Plectopyloidea.	Sculptaria	genus
taxon rank	Gypospirifer condor is an extinct species of articulate brachiopod fossils belonging to the family Trigonotretidae.	Gypospirifer condor	species
taxon rank	Syzygium leucoxylon is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family, that grows in the tropical peat swamp forest of Sarawak and Kalimantan.	Syzygium leucoxylon	species
taxon rank	Fundella pellucens, the Caribbean pod borer, is a species of snout moth in the genus Fundella.	Fundella pellucens	species
taxon rank	Formotosena montivaga is a cicada species from Southeast Asia that was formerly placed in the genus Tosena.	Formotosena montivaga	species
taxon rank	Neoditrema ransonnetii is a species of surfperch native to the Pacific coasts of Korea and Japan.	Neoditrema ransonnetii	species
taxon rank	Heimia is a genus of flowering plants in the loosestrife family, Lythraceae.	Heimia	genus
taxon rank	Gluconacetobacter johannae is a species of acetic acid bacteria first isolated from rhizospheres and rhizoplanes of coffee plants.	Gluconacetobacter johannae	species
taxon rank	Zinnia angustifolia, the narrowleaf zinnia, is a herbaceous flowering plant species of zinnia native to northern and western Mexico and naturalized in parts of the Southwestern United States.	Zinnia angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Lasmigona costata, common name Flutedshell, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae.	Lasmigona costata	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus robinsonii is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Malaysia and Thailand.	Rhacophorus robinsonii	species
taxon rank	Crematogaster atitlanica is a species of ant endemic to Guatemala .	Crematogaster atitlanica	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Caprimimodes mimetica, which is found in Papua New Guinea.	Caprimimodes	species
taxon rank	Provanna abyssalis is a species of abyssal sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.	Provanna abyssalis	species
taxon rank	Malosma is a plant genus which contains only a single species, Malosma laurina, with the common names laurel sumac and lentisco (Spanish).	Malosma	genus
taxon rank	Rhaphithamnus venustus, known locally as Juan Bueno, is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family.	Rhaphithamnus venustus	species
taxon rank	Treponema carateum is a species of spirochete bacteria in the genus Treponema.	Treponema carateum	species
taxon rank	Williams' jerboa (Allactaga williamsi) is a species of jerboas native to Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Iran and Turkey.	Williams' jerboa	species
taxon rank	Cyathea squamulata is a species of tree fern native to the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java, Borneo and the southern Philippines, including the Sulu Archipelago, where it grows in forest from the lowlands to an altitude of about 1500 m. The trunk is erect and up to 2 m tall.	Cyathea squamulata	species
taxon rank	Pyracantha crenatoserrata is a species of Firethorn.	Pyracantha crenatoserrata	species
taxon rank	Sphodromantis rudolfae is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, and Zanzibar.	Sphodromantis rudolfae	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Pachydyptes ponderosus, the New Zealand giant penguin.	Pachydyptes	species
taxon rank	Euristhmus is a genus of eeltail catfishes native to the eastern Indian-western Pacific Oceans around Australia, New Guinea and Indonesia.	Euristhmus	genus
taxon rank	Acer oblongum, common name Himalayan Maple, Evergreen Maple and Kashmir Maple, is an evergreen Asian species of maple belonging to the soapberry family.	Acer oblongum	species
taxon rank	Jasminum officinale, known as the common jasmine or simply jasmine, is a species of flowering plant in the olive family Oleaceae, native to the Caucasus, northern Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan, the Himalayas, Tajikistan, India, Nepal and western China (Guizhou, Sichuan, Xizang (Tibet), Yunnan).	Jasminum officinale	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Michaeliodes friesei, which is found in Albania and Greece.	Michaeliodes	species
taxon rank	Palaemonetes antrorum, also known as the Balcones cave shrimp and the Texas cave shrimp, is a species of palaemonid shrimp endemic to Texas.	Palaemonetes antrorum	species
taxon rank	Haploesthes robusta is a Mexican species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Haploesthes robusta	species
taxon rank	Graphium browni belongs to the wallacei species group.	Graphium browni	species
taxon rank	Sphagneticola trilobata is listed in the IUCN's ``List of the world's 100 worst invasive species''.	Sphagneticola trilobata	species
taxon rank	Alangiaceae was recognized as a small family of small dicotyledon trees, shrubs or lianas, closely related to the Cornaceae (Dogwood family).	Alangiaceae	family
taxon rank	Alstonia longifolia is a plant species in the genus Alstonia, family Apocynaceae.	Alstonia longifolia	species
taxon rank	Myoxocephalus sinensis is a species of sculpin fish in the family Cottidae.	Myoxocephalus sinensis	species
taxon rank	Acantholycosa pedestris is a wolf spider species in the genus Acantholycosa found in Europe.	Acantholycosa pedestris	species
taxon rank	Planorbidella depressa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neomphalidae.	Planorbidella depressa	species
taxon rank	Perissias taeniopterus, the Striped-fin flounder, is a species of lefteye flounder native to the eastern Pacific Ocean along the coast of Central America from Mexico to Panama.	Perissias taeniopterus	species
taxon rank	Coptotriche is a genus of moths in the Tischeriidae family.	Coptotriche	genus
taxon rank	Gyromitra fastigiata is a species of fungus in the family Discinaceae.	Gyromitra fastigiata	species
taxon rank	Cynoglossum grande is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Pacific hound's tongue.	Cynoglossum grande	species
taxon rank	Lambis truncata, common name the giant spider conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Lambis truncata	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Abareia amaurodes, which is found in Australia.	Abareia	species
taxon rank	Carallia calycina is a species of plant in the Rhizophoraceae family that is endemic to Sri Lanka.	Carallia calycina	species
taxon rank	Meiacanthus geminatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean where it is known from Darvel Bay, Borneo and Palawan, Philippines.	Meiacanthus geminatus	species
taxon rank	Nebria pulcherrima is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in Chinese province of Jiangxi and Japan.	Nebria pulcherrima	species
taxon rank	Pomacea superba is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Pomacea superba	species
taxon rank	Porphyridium cruentum is a species of red alga in the family Porphyridiophyceae.	Porphyridium cruentum	species
taxon rank	Haworthia angustifolia is a species of Haworthia from the eastern Cape Province.	Haworthia angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Philodromus pardalis is a spider species found in Europe (Portugal, Spain) and North Africa (Algeria to Egypt).	Philodromus pardalis	species
taxon rank	Saint Helena ebony (Trochetiopsis ebenus) is a species of flowering plant that is endemic to the island of Saint Helena in the southern Atlantic Ocean.	Trochetiopsis ebenus	species
taxon rank	Agkistrodon contortrix is a species of venomous snake endemic to North America, a member of the Crotalinae (pit viper) subfamily.	Agkistrodon contortrix	species
taxon rank	Lithophragma parviflorum is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name smallflower woodland star.	Lithophragma parviflorum	species
taxon rank	Phrynarachne decipiens, the bird-dropping spider, is a species of tropical crab spider from Malaysia, Sumatra and Java.	Phrynarachne decipiens	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Grovesia pulchella.	Grovesia	species
taxon rank	Festuca amethystina (Tufted fescue) is a species of true grass (Poaceae) native to Europe, including Turkey.	Festuca amethystina	species
taxon rank	Brookesia valerieae is a species of chameleon that is endemic to Madagascar.	Brookesia valerieae	species
taxon rank	Neisseria mucosa is a species of Neisseria.	Neisseria mucosa	species
taxon rank	Sphaerantia is a group of flowering plants in the family Myrtaceae, described as a genus in 1988.	Sphaerantia	genus
taxon rank	Grandopronotalia carnarvona is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Grandopronotalia.	Grandopronotalia carnarvona	species
taxon rank	Euprenolepis negrosensis is an ant species that belongs to the Euprenolepis genus.	Euprenolepis negrosensis	species
taxon rank	Quercus magnoliifolia, also known as encino amarillo, encino avellano, encino bermejo, encino blanco, encino napis, encino prieto, and roble, is a Mexican species of oak.	Quercus magnoliifolia	species
taxon rank	Adenophyllum porophylloides is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names San Felipe dogweed and San Felipe dyssodia.	Adenophyllum porophylloides	species
taxon rank	Tellina tenuis, the thin tellin, is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Tellinidae.	Tellina tenuis	species
taxon rank	Conus nussatella, common name the Nussatella cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus nussatella	species
taxon rank	Papilio tydeus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in the Moluccas (Batchian and Gilolo).	Papilio tydeus	species
taxon rank	Betta miniopinna is a species of gourami endemic to Bintan Island in the Riau Archipelago of Indonesia.	Betta miniopinna	species
taxon rank	Gorgonocephalus arcticus is a species of basket star in the class Ophiuroidea.	Gorgonocephalus arcticus	species
taxon rank	Eleodes obscurus is a species of darkling beetle in the genus eleodes.	Eleodes obscurus	species
taxon rank	Styrax platanifolius is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae known by the common name sycamoreleaf snowbell.	Styrax platanifolius	species
taxon rank	The Melanesian megapode or Melanesian scrubfowl (Megapodius eremita) is a species of bird in the Megapodiidae family.	Melanesian megapode	species
taxon rank	Katharina tunicata (Wood, 1815) is commonly known as the Black Katy chiton, Black Leather chiton, Black chiton, or Leather chiton is a species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae.	Katharina tunicata	species
taxon rank	Pleioptygma carolinense is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleioptygmatidae.	Pleioptygma carolinense	species
taxon rank	Sigesbeckia orientalis, known as eastern St Paul's-wort and common St. Paul's wort, is a species of plant from Asteraceae used in traditional medicine to treat syphilis, leprosy and other skin-related illnesses.	Sigesbeckia orientalis	species
taxon rank	Brassiophoenix is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in Papua New Guinea.	Brassiophoenix	genus
taxon rank	Crystallichthys matsushimae is a species of snailfish native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	Crystallichthys matsushimae	species
taxon rank	Clathrina aurea is a sponge species of the genus Clathrina from Brazil.	Clathrina aurea	species
taxon rank	The Paxillosida are a large order of sea stars.	Paxillosida	order
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum appletonianum is a species of orchid occurring from Hainan Island to Indochina.	Paphiopedilum appletonianum	species
taxon rank	Poa arachnifera, the Texas bluegrass, is a species of grass.	Poa arachnifera	species
taxon rank	Corylus colchica is species of hazelnut endemic to Armenia and Georgia in the Caucasus region.	Corylus colchica	species
taxon rank	Paradicula setifer is a species of sole known only from the Pacific coast of Australia.	Paradicula setifer	species
taxon rank	Leucopaxillus is a genus of fairly large white-spored gilled mushrooms which are found worldwide growing on the ground in woodlands.	Leucopaxillus	genus
taxon rank	Russula integra, commonly known as The Entire Russula, is a species of mushroom.	Russula integra	species
taxon rank	Phthersigena nebulosa is a species of praying mantis native to Australia.	Phthersigena nebulosa	species
taxon rank	Myrtastrum is a genus of plants in the Myrtaceae first described as a genus in 1941.	Myrtastrum	genus
taxon rank	Aeneator galatheae is a species of sea snail, a whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Aeneator galatheae	species
taxon rank	Navigobius is a genus of dartfish native to the Indo-Pacific Ocean.	Navigobius	genus
taxon rank	Crassigyrinus (meaning ``thick tadpole'') is an extinct genus of carnivorous stem tetrapod from the Early Carboniferous of Scotland and possibly Greer, West Virginia.	Crassigyrinus	genus
taxon rank	Gloydius ussuriensis is a venomous pitviper species endemic to far east Russia, northeastern China and the Korean Peninsula.	Gloydius ussuriensis	species
taxon rank	Niceforo's pintail (Anas georgica niceforoi) is an extinct subspecies of the yellow-billed pintail (Anas georgica), a duck in the dabbling duck subfamily Anatinae.	Niceforo's pintail	subspecies
taxon rank	Persicaria sagittata, common names American tearthumb, arrowleaf tearthumb, or arrowvine, is a plant species widespread in the eastern half of North America as well as in eastern Asia.	Persicaria sagittata	species
taxon rank	Collomia rawsoniana is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name flaming trumpet.	Collomia rawsoniana	species
taxon rank	Diorhabda sublineata is a species of leaf beetle known as the subtropical tamarisk beetle (STB) which feeds on tamarisk trees from Portugal, Spain and France to Morocco, Senegal, Algeria, Tunisia, Egypt, Yemen, and Iraq.	Diorhabda sublineata	species
taxon rank	Oxycera terminata, the yellow-tipped soldierr, is a European species of soldier fly.	Oxycera terminata	species
taxon rank	Farlowella acus is the type species of a genus of armored catfish commonly known as the twig catfish or whiptail catfish.	Farlowella acus	species
taxon rank	Cacibupteryx is a genus of rhamphorhynchid ``rhamphorhynchoid'' pterosaur from the middle-late Oxfordian-age Upper Jurassic Jagua Formation of Pinar del Río, Cuba.	Cacibupteryx	genus
taxon rank	Erythroxylum ellipticum is a Northern Australian species of Erythroxylum.	Erythroxylum ellipticum	species
taxon rank	Mystacinidae is a family of unusual bats, the New Zealand short-tailed bats.	Mystacinidae	family
taxon rank	Cymatoderma elegans is a fungus species in the genus Cymatoderma.	Cymatoderma elegans	species
taxon rank	Horshamosaurus is a genus of herbivorous ankylosaurian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of England.	Horshamosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Chrysactinia truncata, is a Mexican species of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Chrysactinia truncata	species
taxon rank	Leopardus is a genus of small spotted cats mostly native to Middle and South America.	Leopardus	genus
taxon rank	Shuotheriidae is a small Mesozoic family of mammals whose remains are found in China.	Shuotheriidae	family
taxon rank	Dendrerpeton is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Carboniferous of Nova Scotia.	Dendrerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Chamaesyce is a former genus of plants each of which has now been reclassified as being Euphorbia.	Chamaesyce	genus
taxon rank	Tanakaea radicans or the Japanese foam flower, is a member of the Saxifrage family native to Japan, and is the sole species in the genus Tanakaea.	Tanakaea	species
taxon rank	Prosopis laevigata, commonly known as smooth mesquite, is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae family, that is native to Mexico, Bolivia, Peru, and northwestern Argentina (Jujuy Province).	Prosopis laevigata	species
taxon rank	Geranium aculeolatum is a herbaceous plant species in the Geraniaceae family.	Geranium aculeolatum	species
taxon rank	Pnigomantis medioconstricta common name Indonesian double shield mantis or double shield mantis are the only species in the genus Pnigomantis of mantis of the family Mantidae.	Pnigomantis medioconstricta	species
taxon rank	The Oklahoma salamander (Eurycea tynerensis) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the United States.	Oklahoma salamander	species
taxon rank	Cyperus laevigatus is a species of sedge known by the common name smooth flatsedge.	Cyperus laevigatus	species
taxon rank	Carex specifica is a species of sedge known by the common name narrowfruit sedge.	Carex specifica	species
taxon rank	Byblis liniflora is a species of carnivorous plant in the Byblidaceae family.	Byblis liniflora	species
taxon rank	Viola tripartita is a species of violet known by the common name threepart violet.	Viola tripartita	species
taxon rank	Sphenacanthus is an extinct genus of a chondrichtyan xenacanthiform that belongs to the Sphenacanthidae family and lived during the Carboniferous periodo in Scotland, Spain, Russia and Brazil.	Sphenacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Digitaria ciliaris is a species of grass known by the common names southern crabgrass, tropical finger-grass, tropical crabgrass or summer grass.	Digitaria ciliaris	species
taxon rank	The Formosan black bear (臺灣黑熊, Ursus thibetanus formosanus, or Selenarctos thibetanus formosanus), also known as the white-throated bear, is a subspecies of the Asiatic black bear.	Formosan black bear	subspecies
taxon rank	Chroniosaurus is an extinct genus of chroniosuchid reptiliomorph from upper Permian (upper Tatarian age) deposits of Novgorod, Orenburg and Vologda Regions, Russia.	Chroniosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Hystrivasum horridum, common name the rough or shaggy vase, is a fossil species of medium-sized predatory gastropod in the family Turbinellidae.	Hystrivasum horridum	species
taxon rank	Neobellamira delicata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Neobellamira.	Neobellamira	species
taxon rank	All four Gromphadorhina species are widely kept as exotic pets, where the most well-known species is the Madagascar hissing cockroach, (G. portentosa), though this is debatable as at least two other species in the genus are commonly confused with it;	Gromphadorhina	genus
taxon rank	The Lonchopteridae (spear-winged flies or pointed-wing flies) are a family of small (2--5 mm), slender, yellow to brownish-black Diptera, occurring all over the world.	Lonchopteridae	family
taxon rank	Meranoplus cryptomys is a Malagasy species of ant in the genus Meranoplus.	Meranoplus cryptomys	species
taxon rank	Paracyclotaenia strandi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paracyclotaenia.	Paracyclotaenia strandi	species
taxon rank	Quercus glabrescens is a species of trees in the beech family.	Quercus glabrescens	species
taxon rank	Oresbia heterocarpa is the perennial plant that is the only species in the South African native genus Oresbia and member of the tribe Senecioneae in the family Asteraceae.	Oresbia	species
taxon rank	Polysphondylium pallidum is a species of cellular slime mould, a member of the phylum Mycetozoa.	Polysphondylium pallidum	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Dodiopsis solanikovi, which can be found near the Uryngym-gol River in Mongolia.	Dodiopsis	species
taxon rank	Pterocephalus lasiospermus (rosalillo de cumbre) is a species of shrub in the Caprifoliaceae family.	Pterocephalus lasiospermus	species
taxon rank	Diospyros sandwicensis is a species of flowering tree in the ebony family, Ebenaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Diospyros sandwicensis	species
taxon rank	Doryrhamphus excisus is a species of flagtail pipefish from the genus Doryrhamphus.	Doryrhamphus excisus	species
taxon rank	The Helicopini are a tribe of metalmark butterflies (family Riodinidae).	Helicopini	tribe
taxon rank	The Triaenonychidae are a family of harvestmen with about 120 genera and more than 440 described species.	Triaenonychidae	family
taxon rank	Quercus intricata, common name dwarf oak, intricate oak or Coahuila scrub oak, is a plant species native to northern Mexico and western Texas.	Quercus intricata	species
taxon rank	Impatiens pritzelii is a species of plant in the Balsaminaceae family.	Impatiens pritzelii	species
taxon rank	Otothyris rostrata is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the coastal streams of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul States.	Otothyris rostrata	species
taxon rank	Susisuchus is an extinct genus of neosuchian mesoeucrocodylian crocodyliform from the Early Cretaceous of Brazil.	Susisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Ramaria myceliosa is a species of coral fungus in the family Gomphaceae.	Ramaria myceliosa	species
taxon rank	Granulobasidium vellereum is a species of fungus in the family Cyphellaceae.	Granulobasidium vellereum	species
taxon rank	Cercopidae are the largest family of Cercopoidea, a xylem-feeding insect group, commonly called froghoppers .	Cercopidae	family
taxon rank	Vitis nesbittiana is a species of liana in the grape family.	Vitis nesbittiana	species
taxon rank	Iberopria is an extinct genus of wasp currently comprising a single species Iberopria perialla.	Iberopria	genus
taxon rank	Potamopyrgus is a genus of minute freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Tateidae.	Potamopyrgus	genus
taxon rank	The Cochlospermaceae are a family of two genera and 20-25 species of trees and shrubs, included in the Bixaceae in the APG III system.	Cochlospermaceae	family
taxon rank	Hovasaurus is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile belonging to the Order Eosuchia.	Hovasaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Centrophoridae are a family of squaliform sharks.	Centrophoridae	family
taxon rank	Aeronectris is a genus of moth in the Agonoxenidae family.	Aeronectris	genus
taxon rank	Polybius henslowii is a species of crab, the only species in the genus Polybius.	Polybius henslowii	species
taxon rank	Sepia pulchra is a species of cuttlefish native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean, specifically off the Cape Peninsula in South Africa.	Sepia pulchra	species
taxon rank	Dresslerella pilosissima is a species of orchid native to Costa Rica and Guatemala.	Dresslerella pilosissima	species
taxon rank	Brachypsectra fulva is a species of beetle in the Brachypsectridae family commonly known as the Texas beetle.	Brachypsectra fulva	species
taxon rank	Triplophysa xiangshuingensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa endemic to Yunnan, China.	Triplophysa xiangshuingensis	species
taxon rank	Xenisthmus clarus (Clear wriggler) is a species of fish in the Xenisthmidae (wriggler) family.	Xenisthmus clarus	species
taxon rank	Haliotis elegans, common name the elegant abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis elegans	species
taxon rank	Watsonia borbonica, the Cape bugle-lily, is a species of plant in the family Iridaceae that is native to South Africa.	Watsonia borbonica	species
taxon rank	Musonius luctuosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Musonius.	Musonius luctuosus	species
taxon rank	Centaurium exaltatum is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common names desert centaury and tall centaury.	Centaurium exaltatum	species
taxon rank	Mimopacha tripunctata is a species of Lasiocampidae moth.	Mimopacha tripunctata	species
taxon rank	Drosophila busckii is a species of fruit fly that is native to North America.	Drosophila busckii	species
taxon rank	Zelotibia is a genus of gnaphosid spiders.	Zelotibia	genus
taxon rank	Pulicaria dysenterica, the common fleabane, or, in North America, meadow false fleabane, is a species of fleabane in the daisy family.	Pulicaria dysenterica	species
taxon rank	Monochoria korsakowii is a species of flowering plant in the water hyacinth family known by several common names, including heartleaf false pickerelweed and oval-leafed pondweed.	Monochoria korsakowii	species
taxon rank	Phytophthora cactorum is a plant pathogen that causes root rot on rhododendron and many other species.	Phytophthora cactorum	species
taxon rank	Fevansia is a fungal genus in the family Albatrellaceae.	Fevansia	genus
taxon rank	Sometimes called the bearded toadheads but better known by their scientific name of Phrynops this genus of turtles has often been a bit of a dumping ground for the short-necked South American turtles of the family Chelidae.	Phrynops	genus
taxon rank	Achlys triphylla, common name Deer-foot or vanilla-leaf, is a plant species native to the mountains of the West Coast of North America.	Achlys triphylla	species
taxon rank	Rubus nepalensis (Himalayan creeping bramble, Nepalese raspberry) is a species of evergreen raspberry endemic to Nepal and Himalayan India.	Rubus nepalensis	species
taxon rank	Carabus convexus is a species of beetle found in almost all of Europe, but is somewhat rarer in the extreme Southwest.	Carabus convexus	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus brookeriana, commonly known as Brooker's Gum, is a tree species that is endemic to south-eastern Australia.	Eucalyptus brookeriana	species
taxon rank	Liophidium is a genus of lamprophiid snakes, nine of which are endemic to the island of Madagascar and one to the island of Mayotte.	Liophidium	genus
taxon rank	Anthopleura ballii, commonly known as the red speckled anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.	Anthopleura ballii	species
taxon rank	Paraclinus sini, the Flapscale blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Mexico including the Gulf of California.	Paraclinus sini	species
taxon rank	Desmodium humifusum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names trailing tick-trefoil, eastern trailing tick-trefoil, and spreading tick-trefoil.	Desmodium humifusum	species
taxon rank	Elymus stebbinsii is a species of wild rye known by the common name Parish wheatgrass.	Elymus stebbinsii	species
taxon rank	Conulus is an extinct genus of echinoid that lived in the Cretaceous.	Conulus	genus
taxon rank	Nerita exuvia, common name the ``snakeskin nerite'', is a medium-sized species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Neritidae, the nerites.	Nerita exuvia	species
taxon rank	Parastacidae is the family of freshwater crayfish found in the southern hemisphere.	Parastacidae	family
taxon rank	Liocyma fluctuosa, or the wavy clam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae.	Liocyma fluctuosa	species
taxon rank	Salmophasia novacula, also called the novacula razorbelly minnow, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Salmophasia.	Salmophasia novacula	species
taxon rank	Farlowella schreitmuelleri is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the lower Amazon basin.	Farlowella schreitmuelleri	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia veatchiana is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name Veatch's blazingstar.	Mentzelia veatchiana	species
taxon rank	Salix drummondiana is a species of willow known by the common name Drummond's willow.	Salix drummondiana	species
taxon rank	Heterotheca viscida, called the cliff goldenaster, is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Heterotheca viscida	species
taxon rank	Mangrovispora is a genus of fungi within the order Phyllachorales.	Mangrovispora	genus
taxon rank	The Exoteliospora is a monotypic genus of smut fungi in the family Melanopsichiaceae containing the single species Exoteliospora osmundae.	Exoteliospora	genus
taxon rank	Cyprinella whipplei, the steelcolor shiner, is a freshwater fish species found in North America.	Cyprinella whipplei	species
taxon rank	Vallea stipularis is a species of tree in the Elaeocarpaceae family.	Vallea stipularis	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces griseoincarnatus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Russia.	Streptomyces griseoincarnatus	species
taxon rank	†Campanile giganteum is a species of exceptionally large fossil sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Campanilidae.	Campanile giganteum	species
taxon rank	Mussaurus (meaning ``mouse lizard'') is a genus of herbivorous sauropodomorph dinosaur that lived in southern Argentina during the Late Triassic, about 215 million years ago.	Mussaurus	genus
taxon rank	Chrysolina cinctipennis is a species of leaf beetles in Chrysomelidae family.	Chrysolina cinctipennis	species
taxon rank	Clathrina antofagastensis is a species of sponge in the genus Clathrina from Chile.	Clathrina antofagastensis	species
taxon rank	Theraps is a genus from the cichlidae family.	Theraps	genus
taxon rank	Aphrodisium griffithi, the Veined Capricornbeetle, is a species of round-necked longhorn beetles of the subfamily Cerambycinae.	Aphrodisium griffithi	species
taxon rank	Camponotus floridanus, or Florida carpenter ant, is a species of ant in the genus Camponotus.	Camponotus floridanus	species
taxon rank	Myrsine fernseei, the streambank colicwood, is a species of plant in the Primulaceae family.	Myrsine fernseei	species
taxon rank	Urnula craterium is a species of cup fungus in the family Sarcosomataceae.	Urnula craterium	species
taxon rank	Bathytroctes is a genus of slickheads that occur in the depths of the oceans.	Bathytroctes	genus
taxon rank	Bouteloua breviseta is a species of grass known by the common names gypsum grama and chino grama.	Bouteloua breviseta	species
taxon rank	Paratoxodera meggitti is a species of praying mantis found in China and Myanmar.	Paratoxodera meggitti	species
taxon rank	Orb-weaver spiders or araneids are members of the spider family Araneidae.	Orb-weaver spider	family
taxon rank	Mapeta xanthomelas is a species of snout moth, and the type species in the genus Mapeta.	Mapeta xanthomelas	species
taxon rank	Parapercis multifasciata is a species of sandperch in the Pinguipedidae family.	Parapercis multifasciata	species
taxon rank	Aquilonastra chantalae is a species of starfish from the Asterinidae family.	Aquilonastra chantalae	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis occidentalis is a species of upside-down catfish that is native to western Africa.	Chiloglanis occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Eryngium mathiasiae is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Mathias' eryngo, or Mathias' button celery.	Eryngium mathiasiae	species
taxon rank	Vallonia declivis is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.	Vallonia declivis	species
taxon rank	Xerospermophilus is a genus of ground squirrels in the family Sciuridae, containing four species.	Xerospermophilus	genus
taxon rank	Nassarius siquijorensis, common name the burned nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius siquijorensis	species
taxon rank	Holodipterus gogoensis is an extinct species of lobe-finned fish from the late Devonian period of Europe and Australia.	Holodipterus gogoensis	species
taxon rank	Meliosma cordata is a species of plant in the Sabiaceae family.	Meliosma cordata	species
taxon rank	Neoplecostomus paranensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper Paraná River basin.	Neoplecostomus paranensis	species
taxon rank	Parasemnus regalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parasemnus.	Parasemnus regalis	species
taxon rank	Ammagnostidae is a family of trilobites in the suborder Agnostina, small, eyeless, isopygous trilobites with a thorax consisting of 2 segments only.	Ammagnostidae	family
taxon rank	Calliostoma atlantis, common name the Atlantis top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma atlantis	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Hemipsilia coavestis, which is found from India to Taiwan.	Hemipsilia	species
taxon rank	Rubus probus (syn. Rubus muelleri), or Atherton Raspberry, is a wild tropical raspberry species native to Papua New Guinea and Australia.	Rubus probus	species
taxon rank	Gymnoclytia paulista is a North American species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnoclytia of the family Tachinidae.	Gymnoclytia paulista	species
taxon rank	Austrolebias bellottii is a species of fish that lives in the basins of the Paraná River and Uruguay River, in Argentina and Uruguay.	Austrolebias bellottii	species
taxon rank	Philadelphus coronarius (sweet mock-orange, English dogwood) is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangaceae, native to Southern Europe.	Philadelphus coronarius	species
taxon rank	Oryctodromeus (meaning ``digging runner'') was a genus of small ornithopod dinosaur.	Oryctodromeus	genus
taxon rank	Lycogala is a genus of Amoebozoa, including the species Lycogala epidendrum.	Lycogala	genus
taxon rank	The genus Sorex includes many of the common shrews of Eurasia and North America.	Sorex	genus
taxon rank	Brazoria enquistii is a plant species in the Lamiaceae.	Brazoria enquistii	species
taxon rank	Helianthus floridanus is a species of sunflower known by the common name Florida sunflower.	Helianthus floridanus	species
taxon rank	Clinocardium ciliatum, or the Iceland cockle, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae.	Clinocardium ciliatum	species
taxon rank	Cucurbita sororia is a plant species of the genus Cucurbita, sometimes considered to be a subspecies of Cucurbita argyrosperma, C. a. subsp.	Cucurbita sororia	species
taxon rank	Saccopteryx is a genus of sac-winged bats from Central and South America.	Saccopteryx	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Trachytyla xylophthora, which is found in India.	Trachytyla	species
taxon rank	Photis conchicola is a species of marine amphipod crustacean which lives in the Eastern Pacific Ocean.	Photis conchicola	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria thunbergii is an Asian plant species of the lily family.	Fritillaria thunbergii	species
taxon rank	Glaniopsis is a small genus of loaches endemic to the island of Borneo.	Glaniopsis	genus
taxon rank	Largocephalosaurus is an extinct genus of basal saurosphargid, a marine reptile known from the Middle Triassic (Anisian age) Guanling Formation of Yunnan and Guizhou Provinces, southwestern China.	Largocephalosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudocypraea exquisita is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pediculariidae, one of the families of cowry allies.	Pseudocypraea exquisita	species
taxon rank	Anacamptis israelitica is a species of orchid found in Israel.	Anacamptis israelitica	species
taxon rank	Eucharis astrophiala is a species of plant which is endemic to Ecuador.	Eucharis astrophiala	species
taxon rank	Ptyodactylus hasselquistii, common names fan-footed gecko, Hasselquist's fan-footed gecko, and yellow fan-fingered gecko, is a species of gecko.	Ptyodactylus hasselquistii	species
taxon rank	Ericameria ericoides, known by the common names California goldenbush, Mock heather, and California heathgoldenrod, is a species of flowering shrubs in the daisy family.	Ericameria ericoides	species
taxon rank	Masticophis is a genus of colubrid snakes, commonly referred to as whip snakes or coachwhips, which are endemic to the Americas.	Masticophis	genus
taxon rank	Ischnochiton torri, commonly known as Torr's Ischnochiton is a species of chiton in the Ischnochiton genus that lives under rocks in the intertidal and shallow subtidal waters of southern Australia.	Ischnochiton torri	species
taxon rank	Rhysopus klynstrai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Rhysopus.	Rhysopus	species
taxon rank	Polyspondylogobius sinensis is a species of goby native to the Pacific coast of China where it is only known to occur in marine and brackish waters in Guangdong and Guangxi provinces.	Polyspondylogobius sinensis	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Hulda impudens, which is found in North America, including North Carolina and Saskatchewan.	Hulda impudens	species
taxon rank	It includes two species Ampelozizyphus amazonicus, which is known from Amazonian Peru, Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana, and Brazil, and Ampelozizyphus guaquirensis, native to the central portion of the Coastal Cordillera of Venezuela.	Ampelozizyphus	species
taxon rank	Quasipaa jiulongensis (Jiulong paa frog or Jiulong spiny frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Quasipaa jiulongensis	species
taxon rank	Vargula hilgendorfii, sometimes called the sea-firefly, one of three bioluminescent species known in Japan as umi-hotaru, is a species of ostracod crustacean.	Vargula hilgendorfii	species
taxon rank	Dioryctria pygmaeella, the baldcypress coneworm moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Dioryctria.	Dioryctria pygmaeella	species
taxon rank	Neivamyrmex nigrescens is a North American species of army ant in the genus Neivamyrmex.	Neivamyrmex nigrescens	species
taxon rank	Nebria frigida is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is native to Palearctic region and Russia.	Nebria frigida	species
taxon rank	Carex rostrata, bottle sedge or beaked sedge, is a perennial species of sedge in the family Cyperaceae.	Carex rostrata	species
taxon rank	Ischnochiton granulifer is a small species of chiton in the family Ischnochitonidae.	Ischnochiton granulifer	species
taxon rank	Microsorum vieillardii is a species of fern native to New Caledonia.	Microsorum vieillardii	species
taxon rank	Natterer's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys nattereri) is a tuco-tuco species from South America.	Natterer's tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Vespula germanica (European wasp, German wasp, or German yellowjacket) is a species of wasp found in much of the Northern Hemisphere, native to Europe, Northern Africa, and temperate Asia.	Vespula germanica	species
taxon rank	Farlowella vittata is a species of armored catfish native to the Orinoco River basin of Colombia and Venezuela.	Farlowella vittata	species
taxon rank	Gymnanthera is a genus of vines in the family Apocynaceae (previously Asclepiadaceae), first described as a genus in 1810.	Gymnanthera	genus
taxon rank	Pseudotrillium is a proposed monotypic genus of flowering plants containing the single species Pseudotrillium rivale, which is known by the common name brook wakerobin.	Pseudotrillium	genus
taxon rank	Guancha apicalis is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Guancha from Antarctica.	Guancha apicalis	species
taxon rank	Aglyptodactylus madagascariensis is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae known commonly as the Madagascar jumping frog.	Aglyptodactylus madagascariensis	species
taxon rank	Leptocyon (Greek: slender dog) is a small extinct genus of canid endemic to North America during the Oligocene through Miocene living from 24.8--10.3 mya, existing for approximately 15.5 million years.	Leptocyon	genus
taxon rank	Pseudophilautus semiruber is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae that is endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus semiruber	species
taxon rank	Vitis ruyuanensis (known locally as ru yuan pu tao, which means Ruyuan grape) is a species of polygamo-dioecious plant in the grape family native to the Chinese province of Guangdong.	Vitis ruyuanensis	species
taxon rank	Tetramorium nazgul is a species of Myrmicine ant native to Analalava, Ambohijanahary, and the Zombitse-Vohibasia National Park, Madagascar.	Tetramorium nazgul	species
taxon rank	The common name is based on the first officially described genus, Ecphora.	Ecphora	genus
taxon rank	Iguanodon (/ᵻˈɡwɑːnədɒn/ i-GWAH-nə-don; meaning ``iguana-tooth'') is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur that existed roughly halfway between the first of the swift bipedal hypsilophodontids of the mid-Jurassic and the duck-billed dinosaurs of the late Cretaceous.	Iguanodon	genus
taxon rank	Methanomethylovorans thermophila is a species of thermophilic, methylotrophic methanogen.	Methanomethylovorans thermophila	species
taxon rank	Cyathea alleniae is a species of tree fern native to the Malay Peninsula, where it grows in forest margin on steep ground at an altitude of approximately 1200 m. The trunk is erect, about 4 m tall and 15 cm in diameter.	Cyathea alleniae	species
taxon rank	Hadrosaurus (/ˌhædrəˈsɔːrəs/; from Greek ἁδρός, hadros, meaning ``bulky'' or ``large'', and σαῦρος, sauros, meaning ``lizard'') is a valid genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur.	Hadrosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Paracorymbia maculicornis is a species of longhorn beetle in Lepturinae subfamily.	Paracorymbia maculicornis	species
taxon rank	Heminoemacheilus is a small genus of stone loaches endemic to China.	Heminoemacheilus	genus
taxon rank	The sole species is Balaustion pulcherrimum, commonly known as the native pomegranate, which is endemic to Western Australia.	Balaustion	species
taxon rank	Tomocichla is a genus of cichlids native to the Atlantic slope of Middle America from the Río Escondido drainage in Nicaragua to the rivers of Bocas del Toro, Panama.	Tomocichla	genus
taxon rank	Cicadetta, in North America colloquially known as the ``small grass cicadas'', is a genus of generally small-bodied annual cicadas widespread across portions of the Nearctic, Palearctic, Oriental, and Ethiopian ecozones.	Cicadetta	genus
taxon rank	Sassacus cyaneus is a species of jumping spider.	Sassacus cyaneus	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus alternatus is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in coastal river basins in Rio de Janeiro and Espírito Santo.	Trichomycterus alternatus	species
taxon rank	Endoceras (Ancient Greek for ``inner horn'') is an extinct genus of large, straight shelled cephalopods from the Middle and Upper Ordovician that gives its name to the Nautiliod order Endocerida.	Endoceras	genus
taxon rank	Coptotermes gestroi, the Asian subterranean termite is a small species of termite that lives underground.	Coptotermes gestroi	species
taxon rank	Conasprella insculpta, common name the engraved cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella insculpta	species
taxon rank	Aechmea magdalenae, also known as ixtle, is a species in the genus Aechmea.	Aechmea magdalenae	species
taxon rank	Pethia padamya, the Odessa barb, is a species of cyprinid fish known from Central Myanmar where it is known to occur in an artificial pond above the Anisakan Falls and also from the lower Chindwin River.	Pethia padamya	species
taxon rank	Iniopteryx (``Nape Wing'') is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish.	Iniopteryx	genus
taxon rank	The Uganda woodland warbler (Phylloscopus budongoensis) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.	Uganda woodland warbler	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Wehmeyera acerina.	Wehmeyera	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Propodilobus pingorum, known only from two localities on Borneo, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Propodilobus	species
taxon rank	Penion benthicolus is a species of large predatory sea snail or true whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Penion benthicolus	species
taxon rank	Incilius tutelarius (common name: Chimalapas toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Incilius tutelarius	species
taxon rank	Phaennidae is a family of planktonic copepods, found in pelagic or benthopelagic waters.	Phaennidae	family
taxon rank	Heliocybe is an agaric genus closely allied to Neolentinus and the bracket fungus, Gloeophyllum, all of which cause brown rot of wood.	Heliocybe	genus
taxon rank	Apterotoxitiades vivesi is the species of the Dorcasominae subfamily in long-horned beetle family.	Apterotoxitiades vivesi	species
taxon rank	Pinanga andamanensis is one of the critically endangered species of endemic palms reported from the Andaman Islands.	Pinanga andamanensis	species
taxon rank	Disphragis is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.	Disphragis	genus
taxon rank	Anaspidoglanis is a genus of claroteid catfishes that is found in Africa.	Anaspidoglanis	genus
taxon rank	Although similar in appearance to other Alectoris species, Philby's partridge can be distinguished by its black cheeks and throat.	Philby's partridge	species
taxon rank	Nebria sierrablancae is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to US state of New Mexico.	Nebria sierrablancae	species
taxon rank	Miacis is a genus of extinct carnivorous mammals that appeared in the late Paleocene and continued through the Eocene.	Miacis	genus
taxon rank	Euaspis edentata is a species of leaf-cutting bee in the genus Euaspis, of the family Megachilidae.	Euaspis edentata	species
taxon rank	Hesperolinon tehamense is a rare species of flowering plant in the flax family known by the common names Tehama County western flax and Paskenta Grade dwarf flax.	Hesperolinon tehamense	species
taxon rank	Maxillaria rufescens, the Light Fox-red Maxillaria, is a species of orchid native to Trinidad and the Amazon Basin in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Venezuela, The Guianas and Brazil.	Maxillaria rufescens	species
taxon rank	Carex nervina is a species of sedge known by the common name Sierra sedge.	Carex nervina	species
taxon rank	Lycoperdon is a genus of puffball mushrooms.	Lycoperdon	genus
taxon rank	Eigenmannia is a genus of glass knifefishes found in South America.	Eigenmannia	genus
taxon rank	Cistanthe is a plant genus which includes most plants known as pussypaws.	Cistanthe	genus
taxon rank	Spotted narrow-mouthed frog (Kalophrynus interlineatus) is a species of narrow-mouthed frog found in India and South East Asia including Hong Kong.	Kalophrynus interlineatus	species
taxon rank	Brochoadmones is an extinct genus of acanthodii from the Devonian of Canada.	Brochoadmones	genus
taxon rank	Ludwigia repens is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name creeping primrose-willow.	Ludwigia repens	species
taxon rank	The Nullarbor quail-thrush (Cinclosoma alisteri) is a species of bird in the Cinclosomatidae family.	Nullarbor quail-thrush	species
taxon rank	Apophysomyces is a genus of filamentous fungi that are commonly found in soil and decaying vegetation.	Apophysomyces	genus
taxon rank	Lurdusaurus ('heavy lizard') is a genus of large ornithopod dinosaur that lived in the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous, sometime between 121 to 112 million years ago.	Lurdusaurus	genus
taxon rank	Pertusaria lactea is a species of warty crustose lichens in the Pertusariaceae family.	Pertusaria lactea	species
taxon rank	Didemnum molle is a species of colonial tunicate in the family Didemnidae.	Didemnum molle	species
taxon rank	Neomixis is a genus of bird formerly placed in the Old World babbler family but now considered to belong to the Cisticolidae family.	Neomixis	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Alocodon kuehnei, the specific epithet honoring the German paleontologist Georg Kühne.	Alocodon	species
taxon rank	Bitis is a genus of venomous vipers found in Africa and the southern Arabian Peninsula.	Bitis	genus
taxon rank	Abadzekhia is an extinct genus of prehistoric snake mackerel that lived from the early to late Oligocene epoch in what is now the Caucasus Mountains of Southern Russia.	Abadzekhia	genus
taxon rank	Fritillaria biflora (chocolate lily, mission bells) is a species of fritillary native to western California and northern Baja California.	Fritillaria biflora	species
taxon rank	Tectura palacea, common names the ``surfgrass limpet'' or ``chaffy limpet'', also spelled ``chaffey limpet'', is a species of small sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae.	Tectura palacea	species
taxon rank	Pangus scaritides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Pangus.	Pangus	species
taxon rank	Bryopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha.	Bryopsocidae	family
taxon rank	Buddleja perfoliata is endemic to the xerophytic and subzerophytic grasslands of central Mexico at elevations of 1500 -- 2700 m. The species was first named and described by Kunth in 1818.	Buddleja perfoliata	species
taxon rank	Ramaria botrytis, commonly known as the clustered coral, the pink-tipped coral mushroom, or the cauliflower coral, is an edible species of coral fungus in the family Gomphaceae.	Ramaria botrytis	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum exul is a species of orchid endemic to peninsular Thailand.	Paphiopedilum exul	species
taxon rank	Allamanda angustifolia is a species of Allamanda genus in the Apocynaceae family, which is native from Brazil, typically in Cerrado vegetation.	Allamanda angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Lithoxus lithoides is a species of armored catfish native to Guyana and Suriname where it is found in stony rivulets of the Essequibo and upper Correntyne River basins.	Lithoxus lithoides	species
taxon rank	Coregonus fontanae, also known as the Stechlin cisco, Fontane cisco, or Fontane's cisco, is a species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae endemic to the Großer Stechlinsee in northern Germany.	Coregonus fontanae	species
taxon rank	Paricelinus hopliticus, the Thornback sculpin, is a species of sculpin native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from northern British Columbia, Canada to southern California, USA.	Paricelinus hopliticus	species
taxon rank	Polygonum heterosepalum, common name dwarf desert knotweed or oddsepal knotweed, is a plant species native to the Great Basin Desert in southwestern Idaho, northern Nevada, northeastern California, and southwestern Oregon.	Polygonum heterosepalum	species
taxon rank	Pontosaurus is a now extinct genus of pythonomorph from the Late Cretaceous period.	Pontosaurus	genus
voice type	Valeria Esposito (Naples, 1961) is an Italian operatic soprano.	Valeria Esposito	soprano
voice type	Lévon Sayan or Levon Sanosyan (Armenian: Լևոն Սայան, born December 17, 1934) is a French-Armenian impresario and producer, as well as an operatic tenor.	Lévon Sayan	tenor
voice type	Bruno Landi (25 April 1900 -- 8 May 1968) was an Italian operatic tenor.	Bruno Landi	tenor
voice type	Charles Donald Adams (20 December 1928 -- 8 April 1996) was an English opera singer and actor, best known for his performances in bass-baritone roles of the Savoy operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and his own company, Gilbert and Sullivan for All.	Donald Adams	bass
voice type	Stefania Toczyska (née Krzywińska), born in Grudziądz, Poland, on February 19, 1943, is a Polish mezzo-soprano of international repute.	Stefania Toczyska	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Emma Abbott (December 9, 1850 -- January 5, 1891) was an American operatic soprano and impresario known for her pure, clear voice of great flexibility and volume.	Emma Abbott	soprano
voice type	André Turp (December 21, 1925, Montreal - February 25, 1991, Montreal) was a Canadian tenor, particularly associated with the French and Italian repertories.	André Turp	tenor
voice type	Martina Arroyo, (born February 2, 1937), is an American operatic soprano who had a major international opera career from the 1960s through the 1980s.	Martina Arroyo	soprano
voice type	Seo Jung-hack (Korean: 서정학) is a South Korean baritone singer.	Seo Jung-hack	baritone
voice type	Margarethe Stockhausen (29 March 1803 -- 1877), born Margarethe Schmuck, was a soprano singer who had a distinguished career in Europe and Britain during the 1820s and 1830s.	Margarethe Stockhausen	soprano
voice type	Lina Abarbanell (January 3, 1879 -- January 6, 1963), was a German-American soprano singer who performed in grand and light opera and musical comedy.	Lina Abarbanell	soprano
voice type	John Carol Case OBE (27 April 1923 -- 28 December 2012) was an English baritone.	John Carol Case	baritone
voice type	Lise Tautin (born Louise Vaissière, Paris in 1836, died Boulogne, May 1874), was a French soprano, associated with the opéra-bouffe in Paris in the middle of the 19th century, particularly the works of Offenbach.	Lise Tautin	soprano
voice type	Gloria Lane (born June 6, 1930, Trenton, New Jersey) is an American operatic mezzo-soprano who had an active international performance career from 1949 to 1976.	Gloria Lane	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Johannette Zomer is a Dutch classical concert and opera soprano.	Johannette Zomer	soprano
voice type	Viktoria Yastrebova (Russian: Виктория Ястребова. As known as Victoria Yastrebova) is a Russian operatic soprano.	Viktoria Yastrebova	soprano
voice type	Gabriela Di Laccio (also spelled, Gabriella Di Laccio, born in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian operatic soprano.	Gabriela Di Laccio	soprano
voice type	Dame Emma Albani, DBE (1 November 1847 -- 3 April 1930) was a leading soprano of the 19th century and early 20th century, and the first Canadian singer to become an international star.	Emma Albani	soprano
voice type	Carla Spletter (9 November 1911 -- 19 October 1953 in Hamburg) was a German operatic soprano.	Carla Spletter	soprano
voice type	Rosario La Spina is an Australian operatic tenor who has had an active international career since the early 2000s.	Rosario La Spina	tenor
voice type	Catherine Naglestad, born in San Jose of Scandinavian parentage, and grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area, is an American soprano singer.	Catherine Naglestad	soprano
voice type	Domenico Mustafà was a famous soprano castrato with the Cappella Sistina in the Vatican.	Domenico Mustafà	soprano
voice type	Antonietta Stella (March 15, 1929, Perugia, Italy as Maria Antonietta Stella) is an Italian operatic soprano, one of the finest Italian spinto sopranos of the 1950s and 1960s, possessing a beautiful and ample voice, and particularly associated with Verdi and Puccini roles.	Antonietta Stella	soprano
voice type	Takesha Meshé Kizart (born Chicago, 1982) is an American operatic soprano.	Takesha Meshé Kizart	soprano
voice type	Hanan Alattar is an American operatic soprano and actress who has had an active international career in concerts and in operas since the early 2000s.	Hanan Alattar	soprano
voice type	Marco Beasley (born 1957, in Naples) is an Italian tenor, voice-actor and musicologist.	Marco Beasley	tenor
voice type	Laurens Bogtman (8 February 1900 in Oudkarspel -- 1969 in Hilversum, the Netherlands) was a Dutch baritone.	Laurens Bogtman	baritone
voice type	Renata Babak (February 4, 1934 in Kharkiv, Ukraine - December 31, 2003 in Silver Spring, Maryland) was a Ukrainian mezzo-soprano who defected to America from the Bolshoi Opera in 1973.	Renata Babak	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Domenico Cosselli (27 May 1801, Parma - 9 November 1855, Parma) was an Italian operatic bass-baritone, particularly associated with Rossini operas.	Domenico Cosselli	baritone
