Summer at Mount Hope is a black comedy romantic novel , written by Australian author Rosalie Ham .
Year 's Best SF 6 ( ISBN 0 - 06 - 102055 - 9 ) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell that was published in 2001 .
A Mystery for Mr. Bass is a 1960 children 's science fiction novel by Canadian author Eleanor Cameron .
Beast in View is a suspense novel and psychological thriller by Margaret Millar published in 1955 that won the Edgar Award in 1956 and was later adapted for an episode of the television series Alfred Hitchcock Hour in 1964 .
Fateless or Fatelessness ( Hungarian : Sorstalanság , lit . `` Fatelessness '' ) is a novel by Imre Kertész , winner of the 2002 Nobel Prize for literature , written between 1969 and 1973 and first published in 1975 .
The book carried the byline of their joint pseudonym Lewis Padgett ; the title is sometimes reported as Line to Tomorrow and Other Stories of Fantasy and Science Fiction .
Kapitan Sino ( English : Captain Who ) is a 2009 novel by a Filipino author under the pseudonym Bob Ong .
Mother of Storms is a 1994 science fiction novel by John Barnes .
Democracy and Totalitarianism is a book by French philosopher and political scientist Raymond Aron .
Huerto Cerrado is a collection of short stories written by Peruvian author Alfredo Bryce Echenique .
Zemsta ( Revenge ) is a Polish comedy by Aleksander Fredro , a Polish poet , playwright and author active during Polish Romanticism in the period of partitions .
Story of the Negro by Arna Bontemps is a children 's history book which was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1949 .
Windyridge is a 1912 novel by English writer Willie Riley , the first of his 39 published books .
Die Niemandsrose ( in English The No - One's - Rose ) is a 1963 German - language poetry collection by Paul Celan .
Glengarry Glen Ross is a play by David Mamet that won the Pulitzer Prize in 1984 .
It was started by Leo Tolstoy in 1863 and left unfinished until 1886 , when it was reworked and published as `` Kholstomer :
Written by Walter B. Gibson , it was submitted for publication as `` Hand of the Shadow '' on February 20 , 1931 , and published as Eyes of the Shadow in the July 7 , 1931 issue of The Shadow Magazine .
Dad 's Nuke , first published in February , 1986 by Donald I. Fine , is a science fiction dark comedy novel written by Marc Laidlaw .
Strawberry Girl is a Newbery medal winning novel written and illustrated by Lois Lenski .
The Last Days of John Brown is an essay by Henry David Thoreau written in 1860 that praised the executed abolitionist militia leader John Brown .
Lords of the Levee is a 1943 non - fiction book by longtime Chicago Tribune reporters Lloyd Wendt and Herman Kogan in one of three collaborations about the city of Chicago , focusing on its politicians `` Bathhouse '' John Coughlin and `` Hinky Dink '' Kenna , notorious alderman for the City of Chicago 's lakeside First Ward .
Sick Puppy is a 2000 novel by Carl Hiaasen .
An Enemy of the People ( original Norwegian title : En folkefiende ) is an 1882 play by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen .
The Uncommercial Traveller is a collection of literary sketches and reminiscences written by Charles Dickens .
The Fruits of the Earth ( French : Les nourritures terrestres ) is a prose - poem by André Gide , published in France in 1897 .
Dragon Cauldron is a fantasy novel by Chinese - American author Laurence Yep first published in 1991 .
John Thomas and Lady Jane is a novel written by D. H. Lawrence , and published in 1927 .
The City of Falling Angels ( 2005 ) is a non - fiction work by John Berendt .
The Butt is a satirical novel by Will Self , published in 2008 .
The Golden Ocean is a historical novel written by Patrick O'Brian , first published in 1956 .
Beggars Ride is a 1996 science fiction novel by noted author Nancy Kress .
The Incredible Tide is a post - apocalyptic science fiction novel written by Alexander Key , published in 1970 .
The Spiraling Worm is a science fiction and Lovecraftian horror novel written in the style of a spy thriller , by authors David Conyers and John Sunseri .
In Al - Khisal , Shaykh Saduq has prepared a collection of traditions in an interesting way .
The Fire on the Snow is a verse play by Douglas Stewart about the Terra Nova Expedition to Antarctica by Robert Falcon Scott .
Dharmarajyam is a collection of essays written by Malayalam language writer Vaikom Muhammad Basheer .
The Insufferable Gaucho ( El Gaucho Insufrible , 2003 ) is a collection of five short stories and two essays by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño ( 1953 - -2003 ) .
Thirst for Love ( or 愛の渇き , Ai no Kawaki ) is a 1950 novel by the Japanese writer Yukio Mishima .
Thirteen Bullets is a vampire novel by David Wellington , published in serial online in March , 2006 .
`` Blumfeld , an Elderly Bachelor '' ( `` Blumfeld , ein älterer Junggeselle '' ) is an incomplete story by Franz Kafka .
Oh Pray My Wings Are Gon na Fit Me Well is a book of poems by American author Maya Angelou , published by Random House in 1975 .
The Arms of Krupp ( 1968 ) is William Manchester 's history of the Krupp dynasty , which owned and ran a dominant armaments manufacturing company in Germany .
The Rainbow Trail , also known as The Desert Crucible , is Western author Zane Grey 's sequel to Riders of the Purple Sage .
The Inventors is a children 's novel , co - written by Alexander Gordon Smith and his brother Jamie Webb .
Sandry 's Book , by Tamora Pierce is a fantasy novel set mainly in Emelan .
At Swim - Two - Birds is a 1939 novel by Irish writer Brian O'Nolan , writing under the pseudonym Flann O'Brien .
Visiting Mrs Nabokov is a 1993 collection of non - fiction writing by the British author Martin Amis .
Normance is a 1954 novel by the French writer Louis - Ferdinand Céline .
`` Shottle Bop '' is a fantasy short story , written by Theodore Sturgeon in 1941 , and first published in Unknown .
Exit , Voice , and Loyalty ( 1970 ) is a treatise written by Albert O. Hirschman .
The Groves of Academe ( 1952 ) is a novel by American writer Mary McCarthy .
Yellowfang 's Secret is a children 's fantasy novel written by Cherith Baldry under the pseudonym Erin Hunter .
Last of the Breed , a 1987 book by Louis L'Amour , tells the fictional story of Native American United States Air Force pilot Major Joseph Makatozi ( Joe Mack ) , shot down by the Soviets over the ocean between Russia and Alaska and then captured .
Le Petit Robert is a popular single - volume French dictionary first published by Paul Robert in 1967 , an abridgement of his eight - volume Dictionnaire alphabétique et analogique de la langue française .
I de mörka rummen , i de ljusa ( lit . In the Dark Rooms ; in the Bright Ones ) is a 1977 poetry collection by Finnish poet Bo Carpelan .
The Wind Done Gone ( 2001 ) is the first novel written by Alice Randall .
Across the Sea of Suns is a 1984 hard science fiction novel by American writer Gregory Benford .
The Madness of Lady Bright is a short play by Lanford Wilson , among the earliest of the gay theatre movement .
Laelius de Amicitia ( or simply De Amicitia ) is a treatise on friendship by the Roman statesman and author Marcus Tullius Cicero , written in 44 BCE .
The Disciples is a 1993 spy thriller by Joe Andrew , who was chairman of the 2000 Democratic National Convention , and V.C. Andrews .
The Future of Culture in Egypt ( Arabic : مستقبل الثقافه في مصر ‎ ) is a 1938 book by the Egyptian writer Taha Hussein .
Le Petit Chose ( 1868 ) translated into English as Little Good - For - Nothing ( 1878 , Mary Neal Sherwood ) and Little What's - His - Name ( 1898 , Jane Minot Sedgwick ) ) is an autobiographical memoir by French author Alphonse Daudet .
Nosaltres , els valencians ( Valencian pronunciation : ( noˈza(ɫ)tɾes , eɫz valensiˈans ) ; `` We , the Valencians '' ) , is a historical and political essay by the Valencian ( Spain ) author Joan Fuster , first published in 1962 .
The Scorch Trials is a 2010 young - adult horror dystopian science fiction novel by James Dashner and the second book in the Maze Runner Saga .
Shot in the Heart is a memoir written by Mikal Gilmore , then a senior contributing editor at Rolling Stone , about his tumultuous childhood in a dysfunctional family , and his brother Gary Gilmore 's eventual execution by firing squad in 1977 for a convenience store murder he committed in Provo , Utah .
The Marienbad Elegy is a poem by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Baby - Sitting Is a Dangerous Job is a children 's suspense novel by American author Willo Davis Roberts .
The Last Opium Den is an investigative journalism / travel book by Nick Tosches .
Bucolicum carmen is an organic collection of twelve eclogues , composed by Petrarch from c. 1346 - -7 and published in 1357 .
Anna Seghers ' novel The Seventh Cross ( German : Das siebte Kreuz ) , is one of the better - known examples of German literature circa World War II . It was published first in the United States , in an abridged version , in September 1942 by Little , Brown and Company .
Mr. Adam ( 1946 ) is the first novel written by Pat Frank dealing with the effects of a nuclear mishap causing worldwide male infertility .
Geographia Neoteriki ( Greek : Γεωγραφία Νεωτερική Modern Geography ) is a geography book written in Greek by Daniel Philippidis and Grigorios Konstantas and printed in Vienna in 1791 .
The Wit and Wisdom of Discworld is an accessory book to the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett .
The Wild Duck ( original Norwegian title : Vildanden ) is an 1884 play by the Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen .
The Orchid Thief is a 1998 non - fiction book by American journalist and author Susan Orlean , based on her investigation of the 1994 arrest of John Laroche and a group of Seminoles in south Florida for poaching rare orchids in the Fakahatchee Strand State Preserve .
`` Golden Treasure '' is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen ( 1805 -- 1875 ) .
The Addresses to the German Nation ( Reden an die deutsche Nation , 1808 ) is a political literature book by German philosopher Johann Gottlieb Fichte that advocates German nationalism in reaction to the occupation and subjugation of German territories by Napoleon 's French Empire .
Love and Other Impossible Pursuits is a novel by Ayelet Waldman and released in 2006 .
Froth on the Daydream ( French : L'Écume des jours ; literally : `` The Foam of Days '' ) is a 1947 novel by the French author Boris Vian .
`` The Winter Market '' is a science fiction short story written by William Gibson and published as part of his Burning Chrome short story collection .
Kate Vaiden ( 1986 ) is a novel by Reynolds Price about a white woman from the American South who , after a teenage pregnancy , abandons her son shortly after giving birth to him and who does not get in touch with him for four decades .
`` I like to see it lap the Miles '' is a short poem by Emily Dickinson describing an `` iron horse '' or railroad engine and its train .
A Night in the Lonesome October is a semi - satirical , though not comic , novel by Roger Zelazny published in 1993 , near the end of his life .
The Rage and the Pride ( La Rabbia e l’Orgoglio in Italian ) is a book written in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attacks by the late Italian journalist and author Oriana Fallaci .
Crumbling Idols is a collection of 12 essays written and completed by Hamlin Garland in 1894 .
I Know I 've Been Changed was the first major successful play from famed Gospel playwright Tyler Perry .
The Jaguar Smile is Salman Rushdie 's first full - length non - fiction book , which he wrote in 1987 after visiting Nicaragua .
Carry Me Down ( 2006 ) is the second novel of British writer M. J. Hyland .
The Larklight trilogy is a trilogy of young adult novels by Philip Reeve , entitled Larklight , Starcross , and Mothstorm .
Starring Sally J. Freedman as Herself is a 1977 young adult novel by Judy Blume .
The Firebrand is an 1987 historical fantasy novel by American author Marion Zimmer Bradley .
Moore added , `` As far as I 'm concerned , the 15th anniversary of Watchmen is purely a 15th Anniversary of when DC managed to take the Watchmen property from me and Dave ( Gibbons ) . ''
The First Quest game was designed by Bruce Nesmith , L. Richard Baker III , and David `` Zeb '' Cook , and published by TSR , Inc.
Betrayed by Rita Hayworth ( Spanish , La traición de Rita Hayworth ) is a 1968 novel by the Argentine novelist Manuel Puig .
The Stark Munro Letters is a novel by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle first published in 1895 by Longmans , Green & Co. in London , England .
The Devil 's Own Work is a 1991 novella by Alan Judd which won the Guardian Fiction Award .
The Mad God 's Amulet is a fantasy novel by Michael Moorcock , first published in 1968 as Sorcerer 's Amulet .
`` Blue Bayou '' is the title of a song written by Roy Orbison and Joe Melson .
Mr. Myombekere and His Wife Bugonoka , Their Son Ntulanalwo and Daughter Bulihwali ( original title : Bwana Myombekere na Bibi Bugonoka , Ntulanalwo na Bulihwali ) is a novel by the Tanzanian author Aniceti Kitereza .
The Night of the Mary Kay Commandos is the seventh collection of the comic strip series Bloom County by Berkeley Breathed .
Last of the Conquerors is the debut novel by African - American journalist and editor William Gardner Smith .
The Hacker Ethic and the Spirit of the Information Age is a book released in 2001 , and written by Pekka Himanen , with prologue written by Linus Torvalds and the epilogue written by Manuel Castells .
Invisible Cities ( Italian : Le città invisibili ) is a novel by Italian writer Italo Calvino .
The Sirius Mystery is a non - fiction book by Robert K. G. Temple first published by St. Martin 's Press in 1976 .
The Elves of Cintra is the second novel in Terry Brooks 's epic fantasy trilogy The Genesis of Shannara .
William and Air Raid Precautions is the 21st book of children 's short stories in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton .
The Taming of the Queen is a historical novel by British author Philippa Gregory , published on 13 August 2015 .
Pierre et Jean is a naturalist or psycho - realist work written by Guy de Maupassant in Étretat in his native Normandy between June and September 1887 .
The Marriage of William Ashe is a novel by Mary Augusta Ward that was the best - selling novel in the United States in 1905 .
The Power of Yes is a 2009 play by English playwright David Hare .
When I Was Growing Up is an autobiographical poem written by revolutionary feminist activist , Nellie Wong in 1973 , describing her struggle to identify as an Asian - American girl growing up in the United States .
Emily Windsnap is a series of children 's fantasy novels written by British author Liz Kessler , inaugurated by The Tail of Emily Windsnap in 2003 and continuing as of 2015 .
Tieta ( Portuguese : Tieta do Agreste , lit . `` Tieta from Agreste '' ) is a novel written by the Brazilian author Jorge Amado , published on August 17 , 1977 .
The Two Admirals is an 1842 nautical fiction novel by James Fenimore Cooper .
Orsinian Tales is a collection of eleven short stories by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin , most of them set in the imaginary country of Orsinia .
The Last of the Just is a post - war novel by André Schwarz - Bart originally published in French ( as Le Dernier des justes ) in 1959 .
Millicent Min , Girl Genius is a 2003 children 's novel by Lisa Yee .
Language Made Plain by Anthony Burgess is a brief overview of the field of linguistics .
Un - Man is a science fiction novella by Poul Anderson that was first published in the January 1953 issue of Astounding Science Fiction .
Tom Grogan is a novel published in 1896 by Francis Hopkinson Smith that was the best selling book in the United States in 1896 .
The Trickster of Seville and the Stone Guest ( Spanish : El burlador de Sevilla y convidado de piedra ) is a play written by Tirso de Molina .
Spe Salvi ( English : `` Saved in Hope '' ) , referencing the Latin phrase from Romans 8:24 , Spe salvi facti sumus ( `` in hope we were saved '' ) , is the second encyclical letter by Pope Benedict XVI promulgated on November 30 , 2007 , and is about the theological virtue of hope .
Pale Horse , Pale Rider ( ISBN 0 - 15 - 170755 - 3 ) is a collection of three short novels by American author Katherine Anne Porter published in 1939 .
Mildred Pierce is a 1941 hardboiled novel by James M. Cain .
Diana of Dobson 's is a 1908 feminist play by Cicely Hamilton .
The American Voter , published in 1960 , is a seminal study of voting behavior in the United States , authored by Angus Campbell , Philip Converse , Warren Miller , and Donald Stokes , colleagues at the University of Michigan .
Conjure Wife ( 1943 ) is a supernatural horror novel by Fritz Leiber .
In Search for Khnum , a novel by writer and Egyptologist Hussein Bassir , is the first book with a Pharaonic setting among contemporary Egyptian literature in the style of `` 90s generation '' .
The Naturalist on the River Amazons , subtitled A Record of the Adventures , Habits of Animals , Sketches of Brazilian and Indian Life , and Aspects of Nature under the Equator , during Eleven Years of Travel , is an 1863 book by the British naturalist Henry Walter Bates about his expedition to the Amazon basin .
`` Dreaming Is a Private Thing '' is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov , first published in the December 1955 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth is Room Enough .
Franny K. Stein is an ongoing children 's book series by American author Jim Benton .
Science Fiction and Futurology ( Polish : Fantastyka i futurologia ) is a monograph of Stanisław Lem about science fiction and futurology , first printed by Wydawnictwo Literackie in 1970 .
Dirty Hands ( French : Les Mains sales ) is a play by Jean - Paul Sartre .
A Dissertation Concerning the End for Which God Created the World is a work by Christian theologian , reformer , author , and pastor Jonathan Edwards that was started in the mid-1750s but not finally published until after his death in 1765 .
Lessons of October ( Russian : Уроки Октября ) is a polemical essay of about 60 printed pages in length by Leon Trotsky , first published in Moscow in October 1924 as the preface to the third volume of his Collected Works .
Les Maîtres ( The Masters ) is the sixth volume in Georges Duhamel 's Chronique des Pasquier .
Talking Man is a 1986 fantasy novel by American author Terry Bisson .
The Destiny of Nathalie ' X ' is the second short story collection by William Boyd , published in 1995 , some fourteen years after his first collection , On the Yankee Station .
The House of Sixty Fathers is a children 's novel by Meindert DeJong first published in 1956 .
A Brief History of the Future is a prospective history book about the next 50 years by Jacques Attali .
Love , Lies and Lizzie , a young adult romance novel , is the fourth installment of Rosie Rushton 's Jane Austen in the 21st Century series .
The Panic Zone is a thriller novel by Canadian author Rick Mofina released on June 30 , 2010 .
Emile , or On Education or Émile , or Treatise on Education ( French : Émile , ou De l’éducation ) is a treatise on the nature of education and on the nature of man written by Jean - Jacques Rousseau , who considered it to be the `` best and most important of all my writings '' .
The Danube Pilot ( French : Le Pilote du Danube ) is a novel by Jules Verne .
William and the Masked Ranger is a book of short stories in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton .
Captain Underpants and the Tyrannical Retaliation of the Turbo Toilet 2000 is a graphic novel by Dav Pilkey and the eleventh ( and penultimate ) book in the Captain Underpants series .
The London Scene is a collection of essays by the English writer Virginia Woolf .
The Matter of Seggri is a novelette by Ursula K. Le Guin .
A normalista is a novel written by the Brazilian writer Adolfo Caminha .
Noble Causes is an American comic book series created and written by Jay Faerber , illustrated by a variety of artists and published by Image Comics .
Shattered Sea is a young adult fantasy series written by British author Joe Abercrombie , a trilogy of novels published by Del Rey in the USA and Harper Voyager in the UK .
Johnny and the Dead ( 1993 ) is the second novel by Terry Pratchett to feature the character Johnny Maxwell .
Buzz about Bees is a 2013 non - fiction book for ages 7 + by Kari - Lynn Winters , published by Fitzhenry & Whiteside .
Sia lives on Kilimanjaro ( original Swedish title : Sia bor på Kilimandjaro ) is a children 's book written by Astrid Lindgren and with photographs by Anna Riwkin - Brick .
The Mysterious Warning , a German Tale is a novel by the English gothic novelist Eliza Parsons .
Math Curse is a children 's picture book written by Jon Scieszka and illustrated by Lane Smith , suitable for ages six through nine years .
Essays , Moral , Political , and Literary ( 1758 ) is a two - volume compilation of essays by David Hume .
`` Coming Attraction '' is a science fiction short story by Fritz Leiber originally published in the second issue ( November 1950 ) of Galaxy Science Fiction with illustrations by Paul Callé .
Des Imagistes , edited by Ezra Pound and published in 1914 , was the first anthology of the Imagism movement .
The Black Tattoo is a young adult fantasy novel by Sam Enthoven , published in 2006 .
The Wooden Sea is a novel by the American writer Jonathan Carroll , first published in 2001 .
Company of Liars is a 2008 historical novel by Karen Maitland , set in the fourteenth century .
And to My Nephew Albert I Leave the Island What I Won off Fatty Hagan in a Poker Game is a novel written by David Forrest ( pen - name used by English novelists Robert Forrest - Webb and David Eliades ) .
The Pentamerone ( Neapolitan : Lo cunto de li cunti overo lo trattenemiento de peccerille , `` The Tale of Tales , or Entertainment for Little Ones '' ) is a seventeenth - century fairy tale collection by Italian poet and courtier Giambattista Basile .
Everybody 's Autobiography is a book by Gertrude Stein , published in 1937 .
Vladimir Vuković was awarded the International Master ( IM ) title in 1951 and International Arbiter ( IA ) in 1952 .
John Joseph Parle ( May 26 , 1920 -- July 10 , 1943 ) was a United States Naval Reserve officer and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in World War II . Parle was a 1942 ROTC graduate of Creighton University in Omaha , Nebraska .
Leila Aboulela won the Caine Prize for African Writing for her short story , The Museum , included in the collection Coloured Lights which went on to be short - listed for the Macmillan / Silver PEN award .
Horst Warschnauer ( 28 December 1919 -- 26 December 1948 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht ( the German army ) during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
The International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights was awarded the European Human Rights Prize in 1989 , jointly with Lech Wałęsa .
Vladimir Grabinsky ( born 15 January 1974 , in Lviv ) is a Ukrainian chess International Master and coach of the Ukrainian youth team .
Siegfried Betke ( 8 March 1917 -- 20 December 1988 ) was a Luftwaffe bomber pilot and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
Reidar Kjellberg received the 1973 Oslo City Culture Award .
Edith Sclater was invested as a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1918 and was styled as Dame Edith Sclater .
Alexander Huzman ( born 10 April 1962 , Zhytomyr , Ukraine , Soviet Union ) is an Israeli ( formerly Soviet ) chess Grandmaster and trainer .
Scott Oake ( born c. 1950s ) is a Gemini Award - winning Canadian sportscaster for CBC Sports and Rogers Media - owned Sportsnet .
In 2009 , Under Western Stars was selected for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress for being `` culturally , historically or aesthetically '' significant and will be preserved for all time .
Haukur Angantýsson ( 2 December 1948 -- 4 May 2012 ) was an Icelandic chess International Master .
Lieutenant - Colonel Edward Elers Delaval Henderson VC ( 2 October 1878 -- 25 January 1917 ) was a British recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Arno Zude ( born May 24 , 1964 ) is a German chess International Master and chess problemist .
Om Prakash Pande is a poet who won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit in 2008 .
Brigadier Arthur Edward Cumming VC OBE MC ( 18 June 1896 -- 10 April 1971 ) was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Joseph H. Cohen CM OBC LL.D. CStJ ( 1921 -- June 2011 ) , born in Winnipeg , Manitoba , was a Canadian entrepreneur , community builder , philanthropist , and Member of the Order of Canada .
Kurt Prinz ( 3 April 1920 -- 7 April 2009 ) was a highly decorated Major of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Fall Down Dead is a horror / slasher film released in 2007 starring Dominique Swain and Udo Kier .
Sytten ( English title : Erik Soya 's 17 ) is a 1965 Danish coming - of - age sex comedy directed by Annelise Meineche and starring Ole Søltoft and Ghita Nørby .
Bcuz of U is a 2004 Filipino romantic film , starring Kristine Hermosa , Diether Ocampo , Heart Evangelista , Geoff Eigenmann , Hero Angeles and Sandara Park .
Do n't Knock the Rock is a 1956 American musical film starring Alan Dale .
Philip Middlemiss ( born Philip Sean Middlemiss on 19 June 1963 ) is a British television and radio actor , who played bookmaker Des Barnes in ITV 's Coronation Street ( from 1990 until 1998 ) .
An Orphan 's Tragedy is a 1955 Hong Kong drama film co - written and directed by Chu Kei and starring Bruce Lee , Ng Cho - fan , Lau Hak - suen , Josephine Siao and Cheung Wood - yau .
Stash House is an action thriller directed by Eduardo Rodríguez starring Sean Faris , Dolph Lundgren , Briana Evigan , and Jon Huertas .
Nobelity is a feature documentary which looks at the world 's most pressing problems through the eyes of Nobel laureates , including Desmond Tutu , Sir Joseph Rotblat , Ahmed Zewail and Wangari Maathai .
Poker King ( simplified Chinese : 扑克王 ; traditional Chinese : 撲克王 ) is a 2009 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Chan Hing - Kai and Janet Chun . The film stars Louis Koo and Sean Lau .
Armored Car Robbery is a 1950 American film noir directed by Richard Fleischer , and starring Charles McGraw .
Melody of a Great City ( German : Großstadtmelodie ) is a 1943 musical drama film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Hilde Krahl , Werner Hinz and Karl John .
Failure to Launch is a 2006 American romantic comedy film directed by Tom Dey , and starring Matthew McConaughey and Sarah Jessica Parker .
Black Oxen is a 1923 American silent fantasy / romantic drama film starring Corinne Griffith , Conway Tearle and Clara Bow .
Emanuelle and the White Slave Trade features the investigative journalist character known to her readers as ' Emanuelle ' ( Laura Gemser ) .
No Highway in the Sky ( aka No Highway ) is a 1951 British black - and - white disaster film from 20th Century Fox , produced by Louis D. Lighton , directed by Henry Koster , and starring James Stewart and Marlene Dietrich , Glynis Johns , and Jack Hawkins .
Calling Bulldog Drummond is a 1951 British crime film directed by Victor Saville and featuring Walter Pidgeon , Margaret Leighton , Robert Beatty , David Tomlinson , and Bernard Lee .
The Virgin Spring tells the story , set in the late medieval Sweden , of a prosperous Christian whose daughter , Karin ( Birgitta Pettersson ) , is appointed to take candles to the church .
I Love Melvin is a 1953 American Technicolor MGM musical and dancing comedy film directed by Don Weis starring Donald O'Connor and Debbie Reynolds .
Sonny Spoon stars Mario Van Peebles as Sonny , a hip , black private investigator who uses his street smarts and `` cool '' persona to solve crimes .
Tan - Badan is a 1986 Bollywood film starring Govinda , Khushboo .
She followed Cría Cuervos by yet another memorable role in The Nest ( 1980 ) in which she played a thirteen - year - old in a relationship with an aging widower played by Héctor Alterio who here has the role of Anselmo , Ana 's father .
The River Murders is a 2011 American psychological thriller film directed by Rich Cowan , and starring Ray Liotta , Ving Rhames , and Christian Slater .
The Bare - Footed Kid is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Johnnie To and starring Aaron Kwok , Maggie Cheung , Ti Lung and Jacklyn Wu .
Adhipathi ( English : Ruler ) , ( Telugu : అధిపతి ) is a 2001 Telugu Action film , produced by Mohan Babu on his Sri Lakshmi Prasanna Pictures banner and directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty .
The Raging Moon ( in the US as Long Ago , Tomorrow ) is a 1971 British film starring starring Malcolm McDowell and Nanette Newman and based on the book by British novelist Peter Marshall .
Bette Davis , cast in the supporting role of Malbro , filmed The Rich Are Always with Us simultaneously with So Big ! , which was released first .
All on the Red ( Italian : Tutto sul rosso ) is a 1968 Italian crime - thriller film written and directed by Aldo Florio and starring Brett Halsey .
Tera Mera Ki Rishta is a Punjabi film , starring Jimmy Shergill and Kulraj Randhawa in the main lead .
Beyond the Ring is a 2008 film directed by Gerson Sanginitto , starring Gary Busey , André Lima and Martin Kove .
In Air Hawks , the studio was able to add an A - list star , Ralph Bellamy , as well as exploiting the fame of record - setting pilot Wiley Post in his only feature film appearance .
She Wanted a Millionaire is a 1932 American Pre - Code movie starring Joan Bennett and Spencer Tracy .
Steven 's Untitled Rock Show ( SURS ) is an American television program that aired on Fuse from December 2004 to December 2008 , in which host Steven Smith interviewed rock bands and musicians while airing rock ( mostly alternative rock ) videos .
Kemal Sunal - İprahim Zübükzade / Zeybekzade Kara Yusuf Efe Nevra Serezli - Yektane Kadir Savun - Yektane'nin Babası Muhalif Kadir Efendi Osman Alyanak - Motelci Satılmış Ali Şen - Sabri Ağa Bülent Kayabaş - İri Nuri Metin Serezli - Gazeteci Yaşar
In the Name of Life ( Russian : Vo imya zhizni ) is a 1946 Soviet drama film directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi and starring Viktor Khokhryakov , Mikhail Kuznetsov and Oleg Zhakov .
Untamed Youth is a 1957 American drama film starring Mamie Van Doren and released by Warner Bros. The film has been featured on an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000 .
Comrade X is a 1940 American comedy spy film directed by King Vidor and starring Clark Gable , Hedy Lamarr and Oskar Homolka .
Oriyan Thoonda Oriyagapuji is a Tulu language film directed by H.S.Rajshekhar starring Arjun Kapikad , Prajwal Pooviah in the lead roles and Bhojaraj Vamanjoor , Aravind Bolar , Rekhadas , Mitra , Chethan Rai , Sunder Rai , Saikrishna in supporting roles .
Miller 's Crossing is a 1990 American neo - noir black comedy gangster film written and directed by the Coen brothers , and starring Gabriel Byrne , Marcia Gay Harden , John Turturro , Jon Polito , J. E. Freeman , and Albert Finney .
Brief Reunion is a 2011 American thriller film featuring Joel de la Fuente as Aaron , a successful New England entrepreneur who is haunted by the sudden arrival of a mysterious old friend from his past .
Tadakha was made with a budget of ₹150 million ( US$ 2.3 million ) Tamannaah Bhatia took a pay cheque of ₹15 million ( US$ 230,000 ) for Tadakha and Chaitanya took satellite rights as remuneration .
The Love Parade is a 1929 American Pre - Code musical comedy film about the marital difficulties of Queen Louise of Sylvania ( Jeanette MacDonald ) and her consort , Count Alfred Renard ( Maurice Chevalier ) .
Burma Convoy is a 1941 film about a truck convoy on the Burma Road directed by Noel M. Smith and starring Charles Bickford and Evelyn Ankers .
Lenny the Wonder Dog is a 2004 American comedy film about the eponymous dog , Lenny , directed by Oren Goldman from a screenplay written by Michael Winslow , and filmed on locations in Florida .
Pedda Gedda ( Kannada : ಪೆದ್ದ ಗೆದ್ದ ) is a 1982 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by Dwarakish .
Kisses for My President is a 1964 comedy film directed by Curtis Bernhardt , starring Fred MacMurray and Polly Bergen .
Anne B. Real is a 2003 dramatic coming - of - age film by Lisa France and Luis Moro , starring David Zayas , Carlos Leon , Janice Richardson , Jackie Quinones , Eric Smith , Geronimo Frias Jr , Ernie Hudson , Nesta Ward , and Sherri Saum .
Il Mare ( Hangul : 시월애 ; hanja : 時越愛 ; RR : Siworae ; lit . `` time - transcending love '' ) is a 2000 South Korean film , starring Jun Ji - hyun and Lee Jung - jae .
Pagal Nilavu ( Tamil : பகல் நிலவு ; English : Moon at Noon ) is a 1985 Tamil film directed by Mani Ratnam , featuring Murali , Revathi and Sathyaraj in the leading roles .
The Red Kimono is a 1925 American silent film drama about prostitution produced by Dorothy Davenport ( billed as Mrs. Wallace Reid ) and starring Priscilla Bonner .
Bound for Cairo ( Spanish : Rumbo al Cairo ) is a 1935 Spanish musical comedy film directed by Benito Perojo and starring Miguel Ligero and María del Carmen Merino .
How to Train a Dog is a 1936 short film released through MGM Studios starring Robert Benchley .
Sous les pieds des femmes ( also known as Under Women 's Feet ) is a 1997 French drama film written and directed by Rachida Krim and starring Claudia Cardinale .
La figlia del diavolo or La fille du diable is a 1952 Italian film directed by Primo Zeglio and starring Massimo Serato , Paola Barbara , and Marina Vlady .
El Húsar de la Muerte was directed and starred by Pedro Sienna .
The Spy in Black stars Conrad Veidt , Valerie Hobson , Sebastian Shaw and features Marius Goring .
The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok starred Guy Madison as the legendary Old West lawman ( in real life , also a gunfighter ) United States Marshal James Butler `` Wild Bill '' Hickok , and Andy Devine as his comedy sidekick , Jingles P. Jones .
The Sky Ranger is a 1921 American comedy film serial directed by George B. Seitz .
The Marathon Family won two awards in 1982 , including the Jury Prize at the Montréal World Film Festival and the `` Best Actress '' award at the Pula Film Festival , which went to Seka Sablić for her portrayal of Kristina .
All Men Are Liars is a 1995 Australian comedy film written and directed by Gerard Lee , starring Toni Pearen and David Price .
Teesra Kaun is a Hindi thriller released in 1994 directed by Partho Ghosh and featuring Mithun Chakraborty , Chunky Pandey , Amol Palekar , Satish Shah , Rakesh Bedi .
Was He a Coward ? is a 1911 short silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet .
Italian actor Enrico Lo Verso plays the role of Bekim , Mirush 's father .
Kalikkalam ( English : Playground ) is a 1990 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikad and starring Mammootty , Shobana and Murali in the lead roles .
Aag Hi Aag ( Hindi : आग ही आग ; translation : Fire Everywhere ) is a 1987 Bollywood film directed by Shibu Mitra and starring Dharmendra , Shatrughan Sinha , Moushumi Chatterjee , Chunky Pandey , Neelam and Vinod Mehra .
Chiru Navvuto ( English : With Smile ) is a successful 2000 Telugu film starring Venu Thottempudi and Shahin .
The Full Treatment ( also known as The Treatment and Stop Me Before I Kill ! ) , is a 1960 black and white British thriller film directed by Val Guest and starring Claude Dauphin , Diane Cilento and Ronald Lewis .
So Long Letty is a 1920 silent American comedy film directed by Al Christie , and starring Grace Darmond , T. Roy Barnes , and Colleen Moore .
California Solo is an American independent feature film written and directed by Marshall Lewy and starring Robert Carlyle .
Bad for Each Other is a 1953 film directed by Irving Rapper , and starring Charlton Heston and Lizabeth Scott .
Protidan is a 1983 Bengali film directed by Prabhat Roy with Victor Banerjee , Naseeruddin Shah , Sharmila Tagore , Lily Chakravarty and Ranjit Mallick in lead roles .
Shalabam is a 2008 Malayalam film by Suresh Palanshery starring Sudheesh , Ramya Nambeeshan , Kaithapram , etc .
Five Golden Dragons is a 1967 British comedy action film set in Hong Kong and photographed on location and at the Shaw Brothers studios there , directed by Jeremy Summers , starring Bob Cummings , Margaret Lee , Rupert Davies and a cast of `` guest stars '' .
Bruno Ganz as The Diamond Dealer , who sells Laura 's engagement ring to The Counselor .
The Woman in the Septic Tank ( Tagalog : ' ' Ang Babae Sa Septic Tank '' ) is a 2011 Filipino comedy independent film directed by Marlon N. Rivera , written by Chris Martinez , and starring JM De Guzman , Kean Cipriano , Cai Cortez and Eugene Domingo .
Sombre is a 1998 French film directed by Philippe Grandrieux , starring Marc Barbé and Elina Löwensohn .
Davy Crockett and the River Pirates is a 1956 live - action Walt Disney adventure film starring Fess Parker as Davy Crockett .
The Cruise of the Make - Believes is a lost 1918 American silent dramatic feature film starring Lila Lee in her first motion picture .
Pookkalam Varavayi is 1991 Malayalam film directed by Kamal starring Jayaram , Shamili , Murali , Sunitha and Geetha .
Another Stakeout is a 1993 action comedy film starring Richard Dreyfuss , Emilio Estevez and Rosie O'Donnell .
La otra y yo is a 1949 Argentine comedy film directed by Antonio Momplet and starring Amelia Bence , Enrique Alvarez Diosdado , Fernando Lamas and Mercedes Simone .
We 're Going to Be Rich is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Gracie Fields , Victor McLaglen and Brian Donlevy .
Goldie Gets Along ( also known as Beautifully Trimmed ) is a 1933 American Pre - Code film directed by Malcolm St. Clair , and starring by Lili Damita and Charles Morton .
Aap To Aise Na The ( meaning - you were not like this ) is 1980 Hindi Movie directed by Ambrish Sangal and starring Raj Babbar , Deepak Parashar , Ranjeeta Kaur , Madan Puri , and Om Shivpuri .
The Return of Dracula is a 1958 horror film starring Francis Lederer as Dracula .
Striporama also saw an early appearance by actress Jeanne Carmen , who had a dialogue - free bit part as a streetwalker that circled the Marinette and Andre dance number .
Aquano ( Dingdong Dantes ) , the Senturyon , must fulfill his duty of saving Atlantika by searching for the two lost princesses of the kingdom .
The Odd Job is a 1978 British comedy film starring Graham Chapman ( who previously starred in Monty Python 's Flying Circus ) .
Melancholy Baby is a drama / thriller short film , written and directed by Sean Hood , and starring Patrick Labyorteaux , who plays a man suffering from both agoraphobia and obsessive compulsive disorder .
Song of the Cornfields ( Hungarian : Ének a búzamezökröl ) is a 1947 Hungarian drama film directed by István Szőts and starring Alice Szellay , János Görbe and József Bihari .
The film , shot mainly in New York City , was released shortly after the end of World War II . The House on 92nd Street was made with the full cooperation of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , and its head , J. Edgar Hoover , appears during the introduction .
The Degenhardts ( German : Die Degenhardts ) is a 1944 German drama film directed by Werner Klingler and starring Heinrich George , Ernst Schröder and Gunnar Möller .
Besættelse ( English : Possession ) is a 1944 Danish film noir directed by Bodil Ipsen and starring Johannes Meyer and Berthe Qvistgaard .
Mathond Madhuvena is a 2011 Kannada film in the comedy genre starring Anant Nag , Suhasini Maniratnam and Naveen Krishna in the lead roles .
You for Me is a 1952 American romantic comedy film , starring Peter Lawford , Jane Greer , and Gig Young .
The Bugle Call is a 1927 drama silent film directed by Edward Sedgwick and starring Jackie Coogan and Claire Windsor , which was released on August 6 , 1927 .
Mantri Gari Viyyankudu ( Telugu : మంత్రి గారి వియ్యంకుడు ) is a 1983 Telugu film released directed by Bapu and stars Chiranjeevi in the lead role and Poornima Jayaram , Nirmalamma , and Allu Ramalingaiah among important roles .
The Ramblin ' Kid is a 1923 American Western film directed by Edward Sedgwick and featuring Hoot Gibson and Laura La Plante .
Tripfall is a 2000 thriller film with Eric Roberts ( as Eddie ) , John Ritter ( as Tom Williams ) , Rachel Hunter ( as Gina Williams ) , Michael Raynor ( as Franklin Ross ) and Katy Boyer ( as Lonnie Campos ) .
Reviewers thought that while the episode was predictable , the relationship between Q and Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) was praised , and `` Hide and Q '' received average overall scores .
One Crazy Summer is a 1986 romantic comedy film written and directed by Savage Steve Holland , and starring John Cusack , Demi Moore , Bobcat Goldthwait , Curtis Armstrong , and Joel Murray .
The Human Duplicators is an American science fiction film released in 1965 by independent company Woolner Brothers Pictures Inc. This film was also Hugh Beaumont 's final film role before his retirement from acting .
At the Well in Front of the Gate ( German : Am Brunnen vor dem Tore ) is a 1952 West German romance film directed by Hans Wolff and starring Sonja Ziemann , Hans Stüwe and Paul Klinger .
Outside the Gates is a 1915 American silent fantasy film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney .
Frank Sinatra as Johnny Concho Phyllis Kirk as Mary Dark William Conrad as Tallman Keenan Wynn as Barney Clark
Her Love Story was a 1924 silent film romance drama produced by Famous Players - Lasky , distributed by Paramount Pictures , starred Gloria Swanson , and based on a short story by Mary Roberts Rinehart .
The Awful Truth is a 1937 American screwball comedy film starring Irene Dunne and Cary Grant .
They All Fall is a 1925 American comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Angels in Stardust is an American coming - of - age comedy - drama film written and directed by William Robert Carey and starring Alicia Silverstone , Billy Burke and AJ Michalka .
Sunset Pass is a 1933 American Pre - Code film based on a Zane Grey novel , directed by Henry Hathaway , and starring Randolph Scott , Tom Keene , Harry Carey , and Noah Beery .
Carnal Madness ( aka Delinquent Schoolgirls , Delinquent College Girls , The Delinquents , Love Maniacs , The Sizzlers Scrubbers 2 ) is a 1975 exploitation film directed by Gregory Corarito and starring the unlikely trio of Stephen Stucker , Bob Minor and Michael Pataki as three escaped mental patients wreaking havoc in a female detention center .
Violanchelo ( also known as Amor , Dolor y Viceversa and Love , Pain and Vice Versa ) is a 2008 drama film starring Bárbara Mori , Leonardo Sbaraglia and Tony Dalton .
Idhaya Thirudan is a Tamil ( இதயத்திருடன் ) ( English : Heart Thief ) romance - masala film written and directed by Saran , starring Jayam Ravi and Kamna Jethmalani .
Swamp Devil is a 2008 Canadian horror film directed by David Winning and stars Bruce Dern , Cindy Sampson and Nicolas Wright .
Listen to Me Marlon is a 2015 documentary film written , directed and edited by Stevan Riley about the movie star and iconic actor Marlon Brando .
Naguva Hoovu ( Kannada : ನಗುವ ಹೂವು ) is a 1971 Indian Kannada language film directed by cinematographer R. N. K. Prasad , produced by actor R. N. Sudarshan and written by actress Shylashri .
Thoroughbreds Do n't Cry is a 1937 musical comedy film directed by Alfred E. Green , and starring Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland in their first film together .
Wavemakers includes a performance by musician Jonny Greenwood , filmed during a Radiohead soundcheck .
Visible Secret 2 ( simplified Chinese : 幽灵人间Ⅱ之鬼味人间 ; traditional Chinese : 幽靈人間Ⅱ之鬼味人間 ) is a 2002 Hong Kong film directed by Abe Kwong and stars Eason Chan and Cherrie Ying .
Spring Forward is a 2000 film and the directorial debut of Tom Gilroy , starring Ned Beatty , Liev Schreiber and Campbell Scott .
The Super Fight was a fictional boxing match between Rocky Marciano and Muhammad Ali shot in 1969 .
Prem Pujari is a 1970 Bollywood film produced , directed and written by Dev Anand for Navketan films .
Shankar Dada M.B.B.S. is a 2004 Telugu comedy - drama film directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee starring Chiranjeevi , Srikanth , Sonali Bendre , Paresh Rawal and Girish Karnad .
Daniel Madigan Henry Fonda as Commissioner Anthony X. Russell Inger Stevens as Julia Madigan Harry Guardino as Det .
Flying Fifty - Five is a 1939 British sports - drama film directed by Reginald Denham and starring Derrick De Marney , Nancy Burne , John Warwick and Peter Gawthorne .
Target for Killing ( German : Das Geheimnis der gelben Mönche , Italian : Tiro a segno per uccidere ) is a 1966 Austrian - German - Italian crime film directed by Manfred R. Köhler and starring Stewart Granger .
Old Bill Through the Ages is a 1924 British silent comedy fantasy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Syd Walker , Arthur Cleave and Jack Denton .
Wag Kang Lilingon ( English : Do n't Turn Away ; more specifically Do n't Look Back ) is a 2006 Filipino Supernatural horror film produced by Star Cinema and Viva Films starring Anne Curtis and Kristine Hermosa .
999 - 9999 ( Thai : ต่อ - ติด - ตาย ) is a 2002 Thai horror film directed by Peter Manus and starring Hugo Chakrabongse ) and Sririta Jensen .
King of the Coral Sea is a 1954 film starring Chips Rafferty and Charles Tingwell , directed by Lee Robinson and shot on location in Thursday Island .
Any Number Can Play is a 1949 drama film starring Clark Gable and Alexis Smith .
It is based on the 1926 Josef Kopta novel Guard No . 47 , and stars Karel Roden and Lucia Siposová .
The college students , aided by name performers such as comedian Groucho Marx , Metropolitan Opera singer Dorothy Kirsten , dancers Marge and Gower Champion , who portray themselves along with the singing group The Merry Macs , have put on Mr. Music for the benefit of several potential backers .
The Beautiful Legs of Sabrina ( also known as Le bellissme gambe di Sabrina ) is a low - budget 1958 Italian - West German crime - drama - comedy film starring Mamie Van Doren , Antonio Cifariello , and Rossana Martini .
That Thing Called Tadhana ( Official English : That Thing Called Meant - To - Be and Literal English : That Thing Called Destiny ) is a Filipino romantic comedy film starring Angelica Panganiban and JM de Guzman .
The Under - Pup is a 1939 American feature film by Richard Wallace that introduced soprano singing star Gloria Jean to the screen .
Emanuelle in America is a 1977 Italian sexploitation film , the third in a series starring Laura Gemser , made to cash in on the success of the French film Emmanuelle and its sequels .
Tip Toes is a 1927 British silent film comedy - drama , directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Dorothy Gish and Will Rogers .
Love In Bangalore ( Kannada : ಲವ್ ಇನ್ ಬೆಂಗಳೂರು ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by Kalyan Kumar .
Fast and Fearless is a 1924 silent western film directed by Richard Thorpe , written by Betty Burbridge and starring Buffalo Bill , Jr. and Jean Arthur .
She Went to the Races is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Willis Goldbeck and starring James Craig , Frances Gifford and Ava Gardner .
His Children 's Children is a lost 1923 American silent drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring winsome Bebe Daniels .
Flame of Calcutta is a 1953 American historical film directed by Seymour Friedman and starring Denise Darcel , Patric Knowles and Paul Cavanagh .
Maciste nella terra dei ciclopi , also known as Atlas in the Land of the Cyclops and ( in the UK ) Monster From the Unknown World , is a 1961 Italian sword and sandal film starring Gordon Mitchell and Chelo Alonso .
Penitentiary Angel ( Chinese : 女儿谷 ) ( also known as Behind the Wall of Shame , is a 1994 Chinese drama film starring Zhao Wei and directed by Jin Xie . The film was adapted from the same name novel . Official selection of 1995 UN 's Women Conference .
Garibon Ka Daata is a 1989 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Ramesh Ahuja , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Bhanupriya , Sumeet Saigal , Kader Khan , Prem Chopra , Divya Rana , Aruna Irani , Shakti Kapoor , Lalita Pawar , Asrani and Dhananjay Singh
The Terror of the Tongs ( 1961 ) is a Hammer Film directed by Anthony Bushell and starring Geoffrey Toone , Christopher Lee and Yvonne Monlaur .
My life with Aristotle , Alexander , Christina Onassis and her daughter , Athina , Paul J. Ioannidis , Livani Publishing , 2013 Dimitris Liberopoulos , personal biographer of Aristotle Onassis Evans 1987 , p. 231 .
It is a noteworthy fact that in the large numbers of business documents that have come down to us out of this first dynasty of Babylon , none of the rulers down to Apil - Sin is called king and Sin - Muballit only in the form of a passing allusion in one single tablet .
Nicolas Kitsikis ( Greek : Νίκος Κιτσίκης ; Nafplio , August 14 , 1887 -- July 26 , 1978 , Athens ) , was a top civil engineer of 20th century Greece , and father of Beata Maria Panagopoulos ( Kitsikis ) , Elsa Schmid - Kitsikis and Dimitri Kitsikis .
Margaret Field ( née Morlan ; May 10 , 1922 -- November 6 , 2011 ) was an American film actress usually billed as Maggie Mahoney , and also the mother of actress Sally Field .
Nadim Sawalha ( Arabic : نديم صوالحة‎ ) ( born 9 ( ? ) September 1935 ) is a Jordanian - born British actor and father of actresses Julia and Nadia Sawalha .
Nicolas Chopin ( in Polish : Mikołaj Chopin ; 15 April 1771 -- 3 May 1844 ) was a teacher of French language in Prussian- and Russian - ruled Poland , and father of Polish composer Frédéric Chopin .
He was the son of David Barclay ( 1682 - -1769 ) ( `` David Barclay of Cheapside '' ) , second son of this Robert Barclay and Priscilla Freame , daughter of the banker John Freame .
He was married to Sheila MacRae from 1941 until 1967 ; the couple were the parents of four children : actresses Heather and Meredith MacRae , and sons William Gordon MacRae and Robert Bruce MacRae .
Tjamuaha ( also : Tjamuaha waTjirwe , literally English : Tjamuaha , son of Tjirwe , born ca . 1790 in Otjikune , died December 1861 in Okahandja ) was a chief of the Herero people in South - West Africa , today 's Namibia , and the father of Maharero .
Konrad Krafft von Dellmensingen ( 24 November 1862 - 21 February 1953 ) was a Bavarian Army general in World War I. He served as Chief of the General Staff of the Royal Bavarian Army before World War I and commanded the elite Alpenkorps , the Imperial German Army 's mountain division formed in 1915 .
Herbert Wittmann ( 3 January 1914 , Döllnitz -- 26 July 2007 ) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Berthold Graßmuck was shot down by Soviet flak on 18 October 1942 over Pitomnik Airfield during the Battle of Stalingrad .
Some companies served in the American Revolutionary War , including notably when the Green Mountain Boys led by Ethan Allen captured Fort Ticonderoga on Lake Champlain on May 10 , 1775 ; and invaded Canada later in 1775 .
Hans Röttiger ( 16 April 1896 -- 15 April 1960 ) was a Panzer General in the German army during World War II and the first Inspector of the Army of the Bundeswehr .
Tenente colonnello Alvaro Leonardi ( 16 November 1895 -- 1 January 1955 ) was a World War I Sottotenente from Italy and a flying ace credited with eight aerial victories .
Reiner Dierksen ( 24 March 1908 -- 15 May 1943 ) was a German U - boat commander in World War II and posthumous recipient of the German Cross in Gold .
Charles Tristan , marquis de Montholon ( July 21 , 1783 -- August 21 , 1853 ) was a French general during the Napoleonic Wars .
Louis Pierre Aimé Chastel ( 29 April 1774 , Veigy , near Carouge , Savoy - 26 September 1826 , Geneva ) was a French officer in the Napoleonic Wars , who rose to lieutenant general of cavalry .
Lieutenant Rudolf Matthaei ( 10 November 1895 - -17 April 1918 ) was a World War I flying ace credited with ten aerial victories .
Joseph Chabran ( 21 June 1763 in Cavaillon -- February 1843 in Avignon ) , was a French infantry commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Peninsular War .
Karl Hubert Lanz ( 22 May 1896 -- 15 August 1982 ) was a German Army officer who rose to the rank of General der Gebirgstruppe ( `` General of Mountain Troops '' ) during the Second World War , in which he led units in the Eastern Front and in the Balkans .
Ernst Põdder VR I/1 ( February 10 , 1879 Aleksandri Parish , Võrumaa , Estonia - June 24 , 1932 Tallinn , Estonia ) was a famous Estonian military commander in the Estonian War of Independence .
Colonel Sir Henry Walton Ellis , KCB ( 1783 -- 20 June 1815 ) was a British soldier in the Napoleonic Wars .
Colonel Clement Biddle ( May 10 , 1740 -- July 14 , 1814 ) was an American Revolutionary War soldier .
Pietro Frugoni ( Brescia , 21 January 1851 -- Brescia , 10 July 1940 ) was an Italian General of the Kingdom of Italy who actively participated in the World War I , especially in the first four Battles of the Isonzo .
Domingo Rey d'Harcourt ( Born , Pamplona , Spain , 1883 - died , Ponts de Molins , Catalonia , Spain , February 7 . 1939 ) was a Nationalist commander during the Spanish Civil War .
Günter Kuhnke ( 7 September 1912 -- 11 October 1990 ) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and later a Konteradmiral with the Bundesmarine .
Juan Bautista Baigorria , also known as Granadero Baigorria , was born in San Luis Province and died at the Battle of San Lorenzo on 3 February 1813 , was an Argentine soldier .
33 Pegasi is the Flamsteed designation for a visual binary star in the northern constellation of Pegasus .
Upsilon Ceti ( υ Ceti , υ Cet ) is a Class K5 , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Cetus .
Abell 39 is a low surface brightness planetary nebula in the constellation of Hercules .
HD 51799 is a red giant star in the constellation Puppis .
WD 2359 - 434 ( Gliese 915 , LHS 1005 , L 362 - 81 ) is a nearby degenerate star ( white dwarf ) of spectral class DAP5.8 , the single known component of the system , located in the constellation Phoenix , the nearest star in this constellation .
Eta Telescopii ( η Tel , η Telescopii ) , also known as HD 181296 or HR 7329 , is a star in the southern constellation of Telescopium .
Sigma Tauri ( σ Tau / σ Tauri ) is a star system in the constellation Taurus and a member of the Hyades star cluster .
HD 111597 ( Bayer designation p Centauri / p Cen ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
HD 96167 is an 8th magnitude G - type subgiant star located approximately 280 light years away in the constellation of Crater .
NGC 1532 is an edge - on barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Eridanus .
HD 190007 is a class K4V 7 star located in the night sky at Right Ascension 20h 02 m 47s and declination 03 ° 19′ 34 `` 43.1 in the constellation of Aquila ( constellation ) .
25 Cancri ( 25 Cnc , d2 Cancri , d2 Cnc ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
7 Aquarii ( abbreviated 7 Aqr ) is a variable star in the constellation Aquarius .
HD 194244 is a variable Be star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila .
Messier 53 ( also known as M53 or NGC 5024 ) is a globular cluster in the Coma Berenices constellation .
Iota Geminorum ( ι Gem , ι Geminorum ) is a Class G9 , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Gemini .
NGC 4698 is a barred spiral galaxy located around 55 million light years away from Earth in the constellation of Virgo .
OU Geminorum ( OU Gem ) is a visual binary or possible Triple star located in the constellation of Gemini .
HR 830 , also known as VZ Arietis , is an Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum variable star in the constellation Aries .
Terzan 1 is a globular cluster located around 20.000 light - years from Earth in the constellation of Scorpius , it is one of about 150 globular clusters belonging to the Milky Way .
Omicron Tauri ( ο Tau , ο Tauri ) is a star in the constellation Taurus .
R Centauri ( R Cen ) is a variable star in the constellation Centaurus .
NGC 1316 ( also known as Fornax A ) is a lenticular galaxy about 60 million light - years away in the constellation Fornax .
HR 1614 ( 284 G. Eridani , GJ 183 ) is a star in the constellation Eridanus .
NGC 4013 is an edge - on barred spiral galaxy about 55 million light - years away in the constellation Ursa Major .
HD 125288 ( Bayer designation v Cen / v Centauri ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
The Cartwheel Galaxy ( also known as ESO 350 - 40 ) is a lenticular galaxy and ring galaxy about 500 million light - years away in the constellation Sculptor .
Messier 41 ( also known as M41 or NGC 2287 ) is an open cluster in the Canis Major constellation .
64 Aquarii ( abbreviated 64 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
HD 20367 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 88 light years away in the constellation of Aries .
88 Tauri is a multiple star system in the Taurus constellation consisting of a total of six stars .
HD 53705/53706/53680 is a star system that lies approximately 54 light - years away in the constellation of Puppis .
WASP-48b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star WASP-48 in the constellation Cygnus .
Knutzen Peak is a sharp , rocky summit of elevation 3,373 metres ( 11,066 ft ) standing on the north edge of Taylor Ledge in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
The Hauberg Mountains ( 75 ° 52′S 069 ° 15′W ) are a group of mountains of about 56 kilometres ( 35 mi ) extent , located 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Cape Zumberge and 48 kilometres ( 30 mi ) south of the Sweeney Mountains in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Mount Henksen ( 66 ° 46′S 51 ° 4′E ) is an elongated mountain with several peaks , standing between Peacock Ridge and Mount Parviainen in the northern part of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Hadley Upland ( 68 ° 29′S 66 ° 24′W ) is a triangular shaped remnant plateau with an undulating surface , 1,500 to 1,900 metres ( 4,900 to 6,200 ft ) , in southern Graham Land , Antarctica .
White Spur is the southern wall of the Allegro Valley , in the Usarp Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Greenstone Point ( 73 ° 30′S 94 ° 19′W ) is a high rock spur along the north front of the Jones Mountains of Antarctica , immediately east of Austin Valley .
The Franko Escarpment ( 83 ° 3′S 49 ° 5′W ) is a mostly snow - covered escarpment that runs north -- south for 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) and forms the northeast edge of Lexington Table in the Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
The Brien Rocks ( 73 ° 13′S 161 ° 23′E ) are a group of prominent rock outcrops lying 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) west of the Caudal Hills , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Lagrange Island is a small rocky island 0.7 kilometres ( 0.4 nmi ) northeast of Newton Island and 3 kilometres ( 1.5 nmi ) north of Cape Mousse , Adélie Coast , Antarctica .
Fielding Col ( 68 ° 52′S 66 ° 59′W ) is an east - west trending pass between the Baudin Peaks and Hag Pike in southern Graham Land , Antarctica .
Larson Crag ( 76 ° 44′S 161 ° 8′E ) is a prominent rocky summit , over 1,600 metres ( 5,250 ft ) high , at the north end of the Staten Island Heights in the Convoy Range , Antarctica .
Mount Holt is a mountain rising to about 750 metres ( 2,460 ft ) at the terminus of Palestrina Glacier , Lazarev Bay , on Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Calf Point ( 71 ° 30′S 169 ° 45′E ) is a point between the terminus of Nielsen Glacier and Penelope Point on the west shore of Robertson Bay , northern Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Karaali Rocks ( 75 ° 22′S 137 ° 55′W ) are a small group of rocks along the east side of the mainly snow - covered Coulter Heights , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) east of Matikonis Peak in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
The Walgreen Coast ( 75 ° 30′S 107 ° 0′W ) is a portion of the coast of Antarctica between Cape Herlacher and Cape Waite , or between Bakutis Coast in the west , and Eights Coast .
Mount Franke ( 84 ° 37′S 177 ° 4′W ) is a prominent mountain , 1,600 metres ( 5,200 ft ) high , with much rock exposed on its north side , standing between Mount Wasko and Mount Cole along the west side of Shackleton Glacier in Antarctica .
Mite Skerry is a small island in the south part of the entrance to Lystad Bay , off Horseshoe Island , Antarctica .
Billycock Hill ( 68 ° 10′S 66 ° 33′W ) is a rounded , ice - covered hill in Antarctica , which rises to 1,630 metres ( 5,350 ft ) and projects 180 metres ( 590 ft ) above the surrounding ice sheet .
Mount Widerøe ( 72 ° 08′S 23 ° 30′E ) is a large mountain rising to 3,180 m between Mount Walnum and Mount Nils Larsen in the Sør Rondane Mountains on the continent of Antarctica .
Grayson Nunatak ( 76 ° 47′S 143 ° 38′W ) is a nunatak situated 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of Crummey Nunatak in Antarctica .
May Glacier ( 66 ° 13′S 130 ° 30′E ) is a channel glacier about 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) wide and 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long , flowing to the coast of Antarctica between Cape Morse and Cape Carr .
Lardeya Ice Piedmont ( Bulgarian : ледник Лардея , `` Lednik Lardeya '' \'led - nik lar-'de - ya\ ) is the glacier extending 16 km in north - south direction and 7.5 km in east - west direction on the east side of Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Ivory Coast ( i/ˌaɪvəri ˈkoʊst/ ) or Côte d'Ivoire ( /ˌkoʊt dᵻˈvwɑːr/ ; KOHT dee - VWAHR ; French : ( kot divwaʁ ) ) , officially the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire ( French : République de Côte d'Ivoire ) , is a country in West Africa .
Headwall Pond ( 77 ° 34′4``S 160 ° 47′2''E ) is a very small ice - covered pond in the Labyrinth of Wright Valley , in the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica .
By the 1990s , the Segura had become one of the most polluted rivers in Europe , due to the canning industry and urban and agricultural residues originating in the densely populated area in the medium and lower areas of the basin .
Riviera Ridge ( 78 ° 24′S 163 ° 42′E ) is a ridge of Antarctica .
The Inaccessible Islands ( `` Islas Inaccesibles '' in Spanish ) are a group of small precipitous islands ranging from 120 to 215 m ( 394 to 705 ft ) high , the westernmost features of the South Orkney Islands , lying 20 km ( 12 mi ) west of Coronation Island in Antarctica .
Colbeck Bay ( 71 ° 38′S 170 ° 5′E ) is a cove between Duke of York Island and Cape Klovstad in the southern part of Robertson Bay , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Humphreys Ice Rise ( 67 ° 14′S 66 ° 50′W ) is an ice rise in the Muller Ice Shelf in the southwestern part of Lallemand Fjord , Loubet Coast , Antarctica .
Bezden Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Безден , `` Vrah Bezden '' \'vr&h ' bez - den\ ) is the peak rising to 2900 m in the Bangey Heights of north - central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Cape Wollaston is a cape forming the north - west extremity of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica .
Mikado Glacier ( 69 ° 53′S 70 ° 40′W ) is a glacier on the north side of Mahler Spur , flowing west - northwest into Sullivan Glacier near the junction with Gilbert Glacier in northern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mount Borodin ( 71 ° 36′S 72 ° 38′W ) is a mainly ice - covered mountain , 695 metres ( 2,280 ft ) high , with a rock outcrop on the east side , 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) north - northeast of Gluck Peak in the southwest part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mount Breckinridge is a mountain , 2,050 metres ( 6,730 ft ) high , standing 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) south of Stor Hånakken Mountain in the Napier Mountains of Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Cape Bruce forms the northern tip of a small island lying at the eastern side of Oom Bay , separated from the mainland rocks just west of Taylor Glacier in Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica .
Green Mesa ( 77 ° 26′S 161 ° 3′E ) is an ice - free mesa of 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) extent , located 0.9 nautical miles ( 1.7 km ) west - southwest of Canfield Mesa in the western part of the Insel Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Herrmann Mountains ( 72 ° 33′S 0 ° 30′E ) are a group of rocky elevations including the Hamrane Heights and the Roots Heights , rising between Reece Valley and Kvitsvodene Valley in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Gruening Glacier ( 71 ° 52′S 61 ° 55′W ) is a broad glacier descending southeast between steep rock walls to the northwest part of Hilton Inlet , on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Half Moon Beach is a small crescent - shaped beach lying 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) south - east of Scarborough Castle on the north coast of Livingston Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Ticha Peak ( Vrah Ticha \'vr&h ' ti - cha\ ) is a 790 m peak on the east side of Omurtag Pass in Bowles Ridge , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Linehan Glacier ( 83 ° 15′S 162 ° 41′E ) is a glacier , 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long , in Antarctica .
Gavlpiggen Peak ( 73 ° 58′S 5 ° 47′W ) is a low , isolated peak 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) southwest of Klakknabben Peak , just north of the Kirwan Escarpment in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Guesalaga Peninsula is a small , L - shaped , low - lying shingle covered peninsula on the east side of Discovery Bay , Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica forming the northwest coast of Iquique Cove and the north side of its entrance .
Houk Spur ( 85 ° 1′S 64 ° 45′W ) is a bare rock spur extending from the southwest side of Mackin Table , 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) north of Mount Dumais , in the southern Patuxent Range of the Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica .
The Burdekin River is a river located in North and Far North Queensland , Australia .
Hearfield Glacier ( 72 ° 26′S 167 ° 42′E ) is a tributary glacier which flows east - southeast along the south side of the Cartographers Range and enters Trafalgar Glacier just east of Aldridge Peak , in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Crume Glacier ( 71 ° 33′S 169 ° 21′E ) is a tributary glacier , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) long , flowing east to enter Ommanney Glacier near the north coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Satellite Snowfield ( 71 ° 28′S 69 ° 45′W ) is a snowfield at the southeast side of the Walton Mountains situated within the south - central portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mickler Spur ( 85 ° 49′S 130 ° 45′W ) is a narrow spur , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) long , forming the south wall of Hueneme Glacier in the western Wisconsin Range , Antarctica , and terminating at Reedy Glacier .
Switzerland ( /ˈswɪtsərlənd/ ) , officially the Swiss Confederation ( Latin : Confoederatio Helvetica , hence its abbreviation CH ) , is a country in Europe .
Cramerview is a suburb of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Prince Charles Strait is a strait 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) wide between Cornwallis and Elephant Islands , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Boeritsa Point ( Bulgarian : нос Боерица , `` Nos Boeritsa '' \'nos ' bo - e - ri - tsa\ ) is the rocky point on the southeast coast of South Bay , Hurd Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica formed by an offshoot of Atlantic Club Ridge .
Sarkofagen Mountain ( 72 ° 10′S 16 ° 45′E ) is a somewhat isolated mountain in Antarctica , around 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) south of Mount Yakovlev in the Russkiye Mountains of Queen Maud Land .
Daveri Hill ( Bulgarian : хълм Давери , `` Halm Daveri '' \'h&lm ' da - ve - ri\ ) is the ice - covered hill rising to 834 m at the northeast extremity of Srednogorie Heights on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Hallam Peak ( 77 ° 38′54``S 163 ° 23′0''E ) is a distinctive rock peak in the Kukri Hills of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
West Quartzite Range ( 72 ° 0′S 164 ° 45′E ) is a mountain range , the western of two parallel quartzite ranges , situated at the east side of Houliston Glacier in the Concord Mountains , Antarctica .
Base General Bernardo O'Higgins Riquelme , also Base Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Riquelme , or shortly Bernardo O'Higgins , named after Bernardo O'Higgins is a permanently staffed Chilean research station in Antarctica and the capital of Antártica Commune .
Weber Inlet ( 71 ° 56′S 73 ° 28′W ) is a broad ice - filled inlet , which indents the south part of the Beethoven Peninsula , lying southwest of Bennett Dome , forming the northwest arm of Bach Ice Shelf in the southwest portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Astro Glacier ( 82 ° 54′S 157 ° 20′E ) is a glacier in Antarctica , between the Turner Hills and Tricorn Peak in the Miller Range , flowing northeast into the Marsh Glacier .
Mount Massam ( 81 ° 44′S 158 ° 12′E ) is a broad ice - covered mountain about 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) west of Mount Lindley , in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
Hamblin Glacier ( 66 ° 24′S 65 ° 7′W ) is a glacier flowing to the southeast side of Widmark Ice Piedmont , in Graham Land , Antarctica .
The Beacon Supergroup is a geological formation exposed in Antarctica and deposited from the Devonian to the Triassic ( 400 to 250 million years ago ) .
Entrikin Glacier ( 80 ° 49′S 160 ° 0′E ) is a broad sweeping glacier flowing eastward from the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica into Matterson Inlet .
Hanson Spur ( 84 ° 22′S 164 ° 44′E ) is a flat - topped ridge , 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) long , trending northwest from Mount Falla , in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica .
Magoke Point ( 69 ° 40′S 39 ° 29′E ) is a rock point on the southeast part of the Skallen Hills , in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Hillier Moss ( 60 ° 43′S 45 ° 36′W ) is a wet , level , low - lying area , which has several small pools and extensive moss carpets , located 0.2 nautical miles ( 0.4 km ) north of Lenton Point in southeastern Signy Island , Antarctica .
Isdalen Valley ( 71 ° 44′S 12 ° 30′E ) is an ice - filled valley between Aurdalsegga Ridge and Isdalsegga Ridge in the Südliche Petermann Range of the Wohlthat Mountains in Antarctica .
The Menkemaborg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmɛnkəmaːˌbɔrɣ ) ; Menkema Borough ) is a borg ( castle ) in the village of Uithuizen in Groningen in the Netherlands .
Nehru Zoological Park ( also known as Hyderabad Zoo or Zoo Park ) is a zoo located near Mir Alam Tank in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
The Valea lui Iovan River or Iovanu River is a river in Romania , tributary of the Cerna River .
Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman ( Tunku Abdul Rahman University ) is a not - for - profit private university in Malaysia .
In June 2007 during the 2007 United Kingdom floods Ferens Hall was flooded with damage including the destruction of the boilers and mains electrical grid located in the basement .
Heydariyeh ( Persian : حيدريه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeydarīyeh ; also known as Dalākābād ) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Batavierenrace is a student relay race organized in the Netherlands each year in May.
Jægersborg is a suburban neighbourhood in Gentofte Municipality , some 12 km north of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Zamostek ( zaˈmɔstɛk ) ( Ukrainian : Замісток , Zamistok ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Żarnów ( ˈʐarnuf ) is a village ( a town in 1415 - -1876 ) in Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Callaghan Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located in the upper Callaghan Valley to the west of the resort town of Whistler .
Fafen River is a river of eastern Ethiopia .
The Hellenic Museum of Zagora , also known as the Greek Museum and the Old School of Rigas , is a historic school museum in Magnesia , Greece .
Syn - Tash ( or Syntash ) is a village in the Ysyk - Ata District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan .
The Shire of Gooburrum was a local government area to the north and west of the regional city of Bundaberg , Australia .
Bandar Khayran ( Arabic : بندر الخيران‎ ) is a coastal town in northeastern Oman .
The Jikhai River is a river in Ghazni Province , central Afghanistan , originating in Nawur District and crossing the Ajristan valley .
The Biraja Temple , or Girija Kshetra ( Oriya:ଓଡ୍ଡ୍ୟାଣ ପୀଠ ) , ( Oriya:ବିରଜା ମନ୍ଦିର ) , is a historic Hindu temple located in Jajpur ( about 125 kilometres ( 78 mi ) north of Bhubaneswar ) , Odisha , India .
Swedish national road 40 ( Swedish : Riksväg 40 ) , is a Swedish national road in southern Sweden , between Gothenburg and Västervik .
King Salmon Creek is a creek in the Atlin District of British Columbia , Canada .
Gla ( rarely Glas ) ( Greek : Γλα or Γλας ) was an important fortified site of the Mycenaean civilization , located in Boeotia , mainland Greece .
Khao Kho National Park is in Phetchabun Province , northern Thailand .
Žermanice Dam ( Czech : Žermanická přehrada , Vodní nádrž Žermanice ) is a water reservoir and dam near Žermanice , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic .
Katsimpalis ( Greek : Κατσίμπαλης ) is a village in the municipal unit of Gortyna , southwest Arcadia , Greece .
Le Devoir is a French - language newspaper published in Montreal and distributed in Quebec and the rest of Canada .
Dominica 's Boiling Lake is situated in the Morne Trois Pitons National Park - Dominica 's World Heritage site .
Viandar de la Vera is a small location in Spain , located in the region of Extremadura , Caceres .
Pasikhan ( Persian : پسيخان‎ , also Romanized as Pasīkhān ) is a village in Pasikhan Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ramnes is a village in Re municipality , and former municipality , in Vestfold county , Norway .
The Göteborg City Museum ( Swedish : Göteborgs stadsmuseum ) is in the city centre of Gothenburg , western Sweden .
The Nagold Valley Railway ( German : Nagoldtalbahn ) is a railway line in the northern part of the Black Forest in Germany which links Pforzheim with Horb am Neckar and , for most of its route , follows the valley of the River Nagold .
Halileh - ye Sofla ( Persian : هليله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Halīleh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Kabutarsorkh Rural District , in the Central District of Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Vorchdorf is a market town in the district of Gmunden in Upper Austria , Austria , as well as the name of the municipal area ( `` Gemeinde '' ) that the town and others occupy .
The Yozgat Pine Grove National Park ( Turkish : Yozgat Çamlığı Millî Parkı ) , is a national park consisting of pine trees in Yozgat , Central Anatolia Region of Turkey .
La Todolella is a small town and municipality located in the Ports comarca , province of Castelló , part of the autonomous community of Valencia , Spain .
La Patinoire Municipale ( English : The Municipal Ice Rink ) is an indoor ice venue located in Grenoble , France .
The Marmelos Zero Power Plant is a decommissioned hydroelectric power plant on the Paraibuna River in Juiz de Fora , Minas Gerais , Brazil .
Sol de Mañana , meaning Morning Sun in Spanish , is a geothermal field in Sur Lípez Province in the Potosi Department of south - western Bolivia .
Al Ain ( Arabic : العين‎ , al-ʿayn , literally The Spring ) , also known as the Garden City due to its greenery , is the second largest city in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and the fourth largest city in the United Arab Emirates .
Eidsborg Stave Church ( Norwegian : Eidsborg stavkyrkje ( Nynorsk ) or Eidsborg stavkirke ( Bokmål ) ) is a stave church in Tokke , Telemark county , Norway .
Rossano Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Rossano , Cattedrale di Maria Santissima Achiropita ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Rossano , Italy , dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary as Maria Santissima Acheropita .
Simmineh ( Persian : سیمینه‎‎ ; also Romanized as Sīmmīneh and Simineh ) is a city in and the capital of Simmineh District , in Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pantin ( French pronunciation : ​(pɑ̃.tɛ̃ ) ) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Maniwaki / Blue Sea Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSM6 ) , was located 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ; 9.2 mi ) south of Maniwaki , Quebec , Canada .
Jeligowo ( jɛliˈɡɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Commercial Affairs Department ( Abbreviation : CAD ; Jabatan Hal Ehwal Komersial ; Chinese : 商业事务局 ) is a staff department of the Singapore Police Force .
Neynizak ( Persian : نی‌نیزک‎‎ , also Romanized as Neynīzak ; also known as Nanīzak and Nānzak ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Mount Alberta is a mountain located in the upper Athabasca River Valley of Jasper National Park , Canada .
Lioux ( Liuç in Occitan ) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Uzumba - Maramba - Pfungwe , known more often as UMP is a district of Mashonaland East Province in Zimbabwe , southern Africa .
Sundae Town is an area of Seoul , South Korea in the Sillim - dong division of the city .
Contamina is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza , Aragón , Spain to the west of the Sierra de Padros , in the upper valley of the river Jalón , a tributary of the Ebro .
The German state of North Rhine Westphalia , in the Federal Republic of Germany , and Hochtemperatur - Kernkraftwerk GmbH ( HKG ) financed the THTR-300 's construction .
Ali Demi Street ( Albanian : Rruga e Ali Demit ) is a major street of Tirana , Albania .
Chmielewo Wielkie ( xmjɛˈlɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Quba Mosque ( Arabic : مسجد قباء‎ , Masjid Qubā '' ) , in the outlying environs of Medina in Saudi Arabia , is one of the oldest mosques in the world .
Bartošovice v Orlických horách ( German : Batzdorf ) is a village in Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
Boon Rawd Brewery was the first to open in Thailand , and produces its beer under the brand name of Singha .
Khaneh Reghan ( Persian : خانه رغان‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh Reghān ; also known as Khāneh Rūghān ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pas - de - Calais ( French pronunciation : ​(pɑ d(ə ) kalɛ ) ) is a department in northern France .
The Michal Mine known by its Czech name Důl Michal in Ostrava - Michálkovice , in the Czech Republic is a museum of mining located in the pit bank of a former coal mine .
Lake Bogoria is a saline , alkaline lake that lies in a volcanic region in a half - graben basin south of Lake Baringo , Kenya , a little north of the equator .
Bon - e Kabutari ( Persian : بن كبوتري‎ , also Romanized as Bon - e Kabūtarī ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Al Furaysh is a village in Al Madinah Province , in western Saudi Arabia .
Słaborowice ( swabɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Taman Melati is a township in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Erhaç Airport or Malatya Erhaç Airport ( Turkish : Malatya Erhaç Havaalanı ) ( IATA : MLX , ICAO : LTAT ) is a military and small public airport in Malatya , Turkey .
Zgornji Duplek ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnji ˈduːplɛk ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Duplek in northeastern Slovenia .
Yerevan Lake ( Armenian : Երևանյան լիճ ( Yerevanyan lich ) ) is an artificial reservoir located in the capital of Armenia in Yerevan .
The Lake Tungjong and Lake Chonapo Important Bird Area is a 2100 ha site lying on the western shore of the Sea of Japan , about 30 km east of the city of Wonsan in north - eastern Kangwon Province in North Korea .
The Canisius - Kolleg Berlin ( CK ) is a coeducational , private and Catholic Gymnasium ( German type of university - preparatory school ) in Berlin , Germany directed by the Jesuits .
Proastiakos Thessaloniki is the Proastiakos rail service commuting to Thessaloniki , Greece .
Gąsówka - Somachy ( ɡɔ̃ˈsufka sɔˈmaxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sərkərlı ( also , Sərkarlı and Sərkəlı ) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Anarhar ( Persian : انارهر‎ , also Romanized as Ānārhar ) is a village in Dustan Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Matilda Cruises operated commuter ferry and cruise services on Port Jackson in Sydney , Australia .
The Jardin botanique de Briollay is a botanical garden located on the Chemin de la Guichardière , Briollay , Maine - et - Loire , Pays de la Loire , France .
Melissia ( Greek : Μελίσσια ) is a suburb in the northeastern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece .
The Alexander Nevsky Bridge ( Russian : Мост Алекса́ндра Не́вского , Most Aleksandra Nevskogo ) in St Petersburg , Russia is named after the legendary Russian military commander and politician Alexander Nevsky .
Bacioucoto - Conboly is a village in Senegal , located in the Sindian and Bignona districts .
Cadenazzo is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona , in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Menoufia University ( Arabic : جامعة المنوفية‎ ) is located in Al Minufya , Egypt .
Waitomo Caves Hotel ( originally called Waitomo House and later Government Hostel at Waitomo ) is a hotel located in Waitomo District , King Country above Waitomo Caves in New Zealand .
After independence , Limbdi state was merged with united India .
Ferla ( Sicilian : Ferla or Ferra ) is a town and comune in the Province of Syracuse , Sicily ( Italy ) .
Kovan MRT Station ( NE13 ) is an underground station on the North East Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Singapore .
The Humanistisch Verbond ( HV , sometimes translated as Humanistic Association Netherlands , Dutch Humanist Association or Dutch Humanist League ) is a Dutch association based on secular humanist principles .
San Luca , in the words of a study published in 2005 by Italy 's domestic intelligence service , is `` the cradle of ( the ' Ndrangheta ) and its epicentre '' .
Lai da Palpuogna ( Romansh ; German : Palpuognasee ) is a mountain lake at Albula Pass in the municipality of Bergün , in the Grisons , Switzerland .
The Edelweiss Pirates ( Edelweißpiraten ) were a loosely organized group of youth in Nazi Germany .
In 1959 , Jawaharlal Nehru , then Prime Minister of India , was invited to inaugurate the newly constructed Panchet Dam .
Villepreux is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île - de - France in north - central France located about 12 km west of Versailles , in the plaine de Versailles , almost in line with the perspective of the Grand Canal ( an axis corresponding to the former Allée royale de Villepreux ) .
Meilichos ( Greek : Μείλιχος ) is a torrent in the northwestern part of Achaea , southern Greece .
Tiwanaku ( Spanish : Tiahuanaco or Tiahuanacu ) is a Pre - Columbian archaeological site in western Bolivia , South America .
Rinsennock is a summit in part of the Gurktal Alps in the Central Eastern Alps in Austria .
Beryozovye Islands ( Russian : Берёзовые острова , Finnish : Koivisto , Swedish : Björkö ; literally : `` Birch Islands '' ) , alternatively spelled Berezovye Islands , is an island group in Leningrad Oblast , Russia .
The Lichauco Heritage House , formally known as the O'Brien - Lichauco Heritage House is one of the oldest surviving houses in Santa Ana , Manila , Philippines .
Koksu River ( Kok - Su ; su means `` river '' ) is a river in Kazakhstan .
Little War Island or Malo ratno ostrvo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мало ратно острво ) or Horse Island or Konjsko ostrvo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Коњско острво ) is a river island ( ada ) in Serbia , located at the mouth of the Sava river into the Danube .
Tai Poutini Polytechnic is a selection of campuses spread across New Zealand offering many different courses in tertiary education .
Historic Monuments of Novgorod and Surroundings is a composite World Heritage Site which includes a number of medieval monuments in and around Veliky Novgorod , Russia .
Rukały ( ruˈkawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Markgräflerland is a region in the southwest of Germany , in the south of the German federal state ( Bundesland ) of Baden - Württemberg , located between the Breisgau in the north and the Black Forest in the east .
Buttes New British Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission burial ground for the dead of the First World War located in the Ypres Salient in Belgium on the Western Front .
Gol Talab or Gol Talaab ( talab means tank ) also known as Nawab Bari Pukur , is a small oval - shaped water tank / pond in Islampur , Dhaka , Old Dhaka , Dhaka , Bangladesh , located immediately to the north - west of the Ahsan Manzil Palace and north of the Buriganga River .
Güneyməhlə ( also , Güneyməhəllə ) is a village in the municipality of Püstəqasım in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Öxnered is a village just outside Vänersborg in the Vänersborg Municipality in Västra Götalands län in Sweden .
Sultan Muhammad Kaharuddin III Airport ( IATA : SWQ , ICAO : WADS ) , is an airport located in Sumbawa Besar , West Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia .
Głęboki Bród ( ɡwɛmˈbɔki ˈbrut ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
Radunica ( raduˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rypin County ( Polish : powiat rypiński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland .
Bregalnica ( Macedonian : Брегалница ) is the second largest river in the Republic of Macedonia .
The Atlantic Ocean Road or the Atlantic Road ( Norwegian : Atlanterhavsveien ) is a 8.3-kilometer ( 5.2 mi ) long section of County Road 64 that runs through an archipelago in Eide and Averøy in Møre og Romsdal , Norway .
Tophane Fountain ( Turkish : Tophane Çeşmesi ) is an 18th - century public water fountain built by Ottoman sultan Mahmud I in the Ottoman rococo architecture and situated in the square of Tophane neighborhood in Beyoğlu district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Raphoe railway station served the town of Raphoe in County Donegal , Ireland .
Komorzewo ( kɔmɔˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Mamu gas field is a natural gas field in Mamu , Olt County , Romania lying 57 km south of Slatina .
Inkachaka Dam ( Aymara and Quechua , inka Inca , chaka bridge , `` Inca bridge '' ) is a dam in Bolivia situated in the La Paz Department , Pedro Domingo Murillo Province , La Paz Municipality , north east of La Paz .
Sun Media Corporation was the owner of several tabloid and broadsheet newspapers in Canada and the 49 percent owner of the now defunct Sun News Network .
The Poërop Arboretum ( French Arboretum du Poërop ) is a 22-hectare arboretum located at 55 , rue des Cieux , Huelgoat , Finistère , Brittany , France .
Bemowo Piskie ( bɛˈmɔvɔ ˈpʲiskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Majšperk Castle ( Slovene : Grad Majšperk , German : Schloss Monsperg ) is a ruined castle near Majšperk , Slovenia .
Arvaikheer ( Mongolian : Арвайхээр ; ᠠᠷᠪᠠᠶᠢᠬᠡᠭᠡᠷ ) , meaning `` Barley Steppe , '' is the capital of Övörkhangai Aimag ( province ) and one of the most central points of Mongolia .
Sandomierz Synagogue in an inactive synagogue in Sandomierz , Poland .
Povalirazh ( Bulgarian : Повалиръж ) is a small village in Slivnitsa Municipality , Sofia Province , located in western Bulgaria approximately 15 km south - west of the town of Slivnitsa .
Estreito da Calheta ( Portuguese for strait of Calheta ) is a civil parish in the municipality of Calheta in the archipelago of Madeira , Portugal .
The Dharasu Power Station is a run - of - the - river hydroelectric power station on the Bhagirathi River located at Dharasu in Uttarkashi district , Uttarakhand , India .
The Gander River is a river in eastern Newfoundland , Canada .
Tessalit is a rural commune and village in the Kidal Region of Mali .
Jhang railway station or Jhang Sadar railway station ( Urdu : جھنگ صدر ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Jhang city of Punjab province of the Pakistan on Shorkot - Lalamusa branch railway line .
The Cabajchum River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaβaxˈtʃum ) ) is a river of Guatemala .
Mount Mikeno is a dormant volcanic mountain located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo section of the Virunga Mountains along with Mount Nyiragongo , Mount Nyamuragira , Mount Karisimbi , and Mount Bisoke .
The Twelve angle stone is an archeological remain in Cuzco , Peru .
The National Unity of Timorese Resistance ( União Nacional Democrática de Resistência Timorense UNDERTIM ) is a political party in East Timor founded in 2005 .
Pawłosiów ( pavˈwɔɕuf ) ( Ukrainian : Павлосів , Pavlosiv ) is a village in Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Vester Egesborg Church ( Danish : Vester Egesborg Kirke ) is located in Næstved Municipality of Region Zealand , Denmark .
Sherkat - e Amid ( Persian : شركت اميد‎ , also Romanized as Sherḵat - e Āmīd ) is a village in Zahray - ye Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Pyrenees ( /ˈpɪrᵻniːz/ ; Spanish : Pirineos ( piɾiˈneos ) , French : Pyrénées ( piʁene ) , Aragonese : Pirineus , Catalan : Pirineus , Occitan : Pirenèus , Basque : Pirinioak or Auñamendiak ) is a range of mountains in southwest Europe that forms a natural border between France and Spain .
Greenmount National Park is a national park in the locality of Greenmount Western Australia ( Australia ) , 22 km east of Perth .
The Centre for Contemporary History ( German : Zentrum für Zeithistorische Forschung , abbreviated ZZF ) is an interdisciplinary research institute focusing on the contemporary history of Europe , especially Germany , and member of the Leibniz Association .
Simin Han is a town west of Tuzla , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
East Olympos ( Greek : Ανατολικός Όλυμπος ) is a former municipality in Pieria regional unit , Greece .
The 2006 Trophée des Champions was a football match held at Stade Gerland , Lyon on July 30 , 2006 , that saw 2005 - 06 Ligue 1 champions Olympique Lyonnais defeat 2006 Coupe de France champions Paris Saint - Germain FC 5 - 4 on penalty kicks after a draw of 1 - 1 .
The Ralik Chain ( Marshallese : Rālik , ( rˠɑ͡ææ̯lʲi͡ɯk ) ) is a chain of islands within the island nation of the Marshall Islands .
Po - i - Kalyan or Poi Kalyan ( Uzbek : Poi Kalon , Persian : پای کلان‎‎ Pā - i Kalān , which means `` The Foot of the Great '' ) , is an Islamic religious complex located around the Kalyan minaret in Bukhara , Uzbekistan .
Pain Bijar Ankish ( Persian : پائين بيجاران كيش‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Bījār Ankīsh ; also known as Bījār Ankīsh - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hang - dong is a dong of Guro - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Suze - la - Rousse is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France situated in the heart of the Rhône Valley vineyards
Phahurat or Pahurat ( Thai : พาหุรัด ) , often known as Thailand 's Little India , is an ethnic neighborhood surrounding Phahurat Road in Phra Nakhon District , Bangkok .
Seyidsadıqlı ( also , Seidsadykhly ) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Perth Central Baptist Church was a church building in Perth , Western Australia .
Tingvoll Church ( Norwegian : Tingvoll kyrkje ) is a parish church in Tingvoll Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Bosmal City Center ( BCC ) ( Bosnian : Bosmalov gradski centar ) is a business and residential tower located in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Serin Chaveh ( Persian : سرين چاوه‎ , also Romanized as Serīn Chāveh ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Lepsy River ( Kazakh : Лепсі ; Russian : Лепсы ) also known as the Lepsa River or the Lepsi River , is a river in southeastern Kazakhstan .
Wadikilla is a village ( small town / hamlet ) located in Jamner taluka of Jalgaon District in Maharashtra , India .
Sheykh Hanush ( Persian : شيخ حنوش‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩanūsh ; also known as Dabbāt Zeynab and Zeynab ) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District , in the Central District of Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qiz Korpi ( Persian : قيزكرپي‎ , also Romanized as Qīz Korpī ; also known as Qezel Korpī , Qez Korpī , and Qez Kowrpī ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Beaulieu - sur - Layon ( /bo.ljə.syr.lε.jɔ̃/ ) is a commune in the Maine - et - Loire department in western France .
The German Institute for Economic Research ( German : Deutsches Institut für Wirtschaftsforschung , or DIW Berlin ) is one of the leading economic research institutes in Germany .
Picón Bejes - Tresviso is a blue cheese from Cantabria , in the north of Spain .
The University of Moratuwa ( also referred as Moratuwa University ) ( Sinhalese : මොරටුව විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය , Tamil : மொரட்டுவை பல்கலைக்கழகம் ) , located on the bank of the Bolgoda Lake in Katubedda , Moratuwa , is the most sought - after technological university in Sri Lanka .
Baccio Lake is a natural lake in the Province of Modena , Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Aburagi Dam ( 油木ダム ) is a dam built upstream on the class - B Imagawa River , located in the town of Soeda , in the Tagawa District of Fukuoka Prefecture , Japan .
Kozloviči ( pronounced ( kɔˈzloːʋitʃi ) ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Sarrabus - Gerrei is a sub - region of south - eastern Sardinia , Italy .
Tavda ( Russian : Тавда́ ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Tavda River and functioning as a river port .
Lakatamia ( Greek : Λακατάμια ( lakaˈtamɳa ) ; Turkish : Lakadamya ) is a southwestern suburb of Nicosia , Cyprus .
PAF Base Shahbaz ( IATA : JAG , ICAO : OPJA ) is located at Jacobabad , in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Gonaïves ( Haitian Creole : Gonayiv ) is a commune in northern Haiti , and the capital of the Artibonite Department .
The Order of Ouissam Alaouite or the Sharifian Order of Al - Alaoui is a military decoration of Morocco which is bestowed by the King of Morocco upon those civilians and military officers who have displayed heroism in combat or have contributed meritorious service to the Moroccan state .
Eshkelet ( Persian : اشكلت‎ ; also known as Eshkalan , Eshkelen , and Eshkelīt ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Cerro Overo is a maar lying at the foot of Chiliques volcano and close to Laguna Lejía , in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile over ignimbrites of Miocene - Pliocene age .
Samborondón is one of the cantons of Guayas province in Ecuador .
Mýrdalsjökull ( pronounced ( ˈmirtalsˌjœːkʏtl ) , Icelandic for `` ( the ) mire dale glacier '' or `` ( the ) mire valley glacier '' ) is an ice cap in the south of Iceland .
Derbent Dam is a gravity / embankment dam on the Kızılırmak River in Samsun Province , Turkey .
Lilla Essingen is a small island in central Stockholm , Sweden , next to the larger neighbouring island Stora Essingen .
The Florina Museum of Modern Art is an art museum in Florina in Greece .
Veten is a mountain in the city of Bergen , Norway .
South Canara was a district of the Madras Presidency of British India , located at 13.00 ° N 75.40 ° E. It covered the areas of the present - day districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi of Karnataka and the Kasaragod District of Kerala .
The Toronto Track and Field Centre is a city - owned athletic training centre in Toronto , Canada .
Husnes Church ( Norwegian : Husnes kyrkje ) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Richmond Christian School is a private and independent school located in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada .
Veckholm Church ( Swedish : Veckholms kyrka ) is a Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County , Sweden .
Pulvermuhl ( Luxembourgish : Polfermillen , German : Pulvermühle ) is a quarter in eastern Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Bezymianny ( Russian : Безымянный -- lit . unnamed ) is an active stratovolcano in Kamchatka , Russia .
The Tueré River is a river within Pará state in north - central Brazil .
Zavrhek ( pronounced ( zaˈʋəɾxək ) ) is a small settlement above Škoflje in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Malang is also home to a thriving transgender ( waria ) community headed by Miss Waria Indonesia 2006 , Merlyn Sopjan .
Aliabad - e Jombozeh ( Persian : علي ابادجمبزه‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Jombozeh ; also known as `` Alīābād ) is a village in Qombovan Rural District , in the Central District of Dehaqan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,305 , in 355 families .
Ludvika is a bimunicipal locality and the seat of Ludvika Municipality , Dalarna County within the country of Sweden , with 14,498 inhabitants in 2010 .
Wyciążkowo ( vɨt͡ɕɔ̃ʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Jakobstad Museum ( in Swedish : Jakobstads museum ) is a city museum in the city of Jakobstad , Finland .
Jacquinot Bay is a bay in East New Britain Province , southeastern New Britain , Papua New Guinea , at 5.5666667 ° S 151.5 ° E. It is near the mountain where twenty - eight people died in a plane crash in November , 1945 .
Hamsok ( Persian : همسك‎ ; also known as Ham Sowk and Hamsūk ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Worimi conservation lands are located on and adjacent to Stockton Beach in New South Wales , Australia .
Hidallana ( also transcribed Hiddellana , Hidellana , Hidallana or in other ways ) is a town in the Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka , located at latitude : 6 ° 42'57.96 `` , longitude : 80 ° 22'46.2 '' near Ratnapura .
Pápa ( ˈpaːpɒ ) is a historical town in Veszprém county , Hungary , located close to the northern edge of the Bakony Hills , and noted for its baroque architecture .
Rissiana is a village situated near Samundri , District Faisalabd , Pakistan .
Æðaklettar ( also known as Æðarkletta ) is an island of Iceland .
Gornje Čičevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горње Чичево ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bad Muskau ( German pronunciation : ( ˌbaːt ˈmʊskaʊ ) ; formerly Muskau , Upper Sorbian : Mužakow , Polish : Mużaków ) is a spa town in the historic Upper Lusatia region in Germany at the border with Poland .
Zinkiv ( Ukrainian : Зіньків ) is a city in Poltava Oblast , Ukraine .
Krzywcza ( ˈkʂɨft͡ʂa ) is a village in Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Fort Gaspareaux ( later Fort Moncton ) was a French fort at the head of Baie Verte near the mouth of the Gaspareaux River and just southeast of the modern village of Port Elgin , New Brunswick , Canada , on the Isthmus of Chignecto .
The Aiguille du Chardonnet ( 3,824 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in Haute - Savoie , France .
Burovac is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality , Braničevo District in Serbia .
Siniestro Total ( meaning literally ' total write - off ' as in the insurance term for a vehicle that is beyond repair following a motor accident ) is a Galician punk rock group from Vigo , Spain .
Thisvi ( Greek : Θίσβη ) is a village and a former municipality in Boeotia , Greece .
Herzogenaurach Airport ( ICAO : EDQH ) is a regional airport in Germany , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) north of Herzogenaurach ( Bavaria ) ; about 230 miles ( 370 km ) southwest of Berlin It supports general aviation with no commercial airline service scheduled .
Novara railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Novara ) is the main station serving the city and comune of Novara , in the Piedmont region , northwestern Italy .
Bumbarevo Brdo is a village situated in Knić municipality , Šumadija District in Serbia .
Boornbergum ( West Frisian : Boarnburgum ) is a small village in Smallingerland in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
2.2 % of Hednesford 's residents were born outside the United Kingdom .
Azilal ( Arabic : أزلال‎ ) is a town in central Morocco , in the Atlas Mountains .
Glauert Island is an island off the Kimberley coast of Western Australia .
Mubungere is a village in the Commune of Rugazi in Bubanza Province in western Burundi .
Golubki ( ɡɔˈlupki ) ( also Golubie ; German : Gollubien , from 1938 - 45 Kalkhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowale Oleckie , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sanam Tehran Sports Club ( Persian : باشگاه صنام تهران‎ ) was an Iranian multisport club based in Tehran , Iran .
Kalb Hesari ( Persian : كلب حصاري‎ , also Romanized as Kalb Ḩeşārī ) is a village in Ali Sadr Rural District , Gol Tappeh District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Solulan ( Persian : سلولان‎ , also Romanized as Solūlān , Selūlān ; also known as Sūlān and Sūrūlān ) is a village in Alvandkuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Fort de la Conchée is a fortification on the rocky island of Quincé , four kilometers north - west of St Malo , France .
The Province of Mantua ( Italian : Provincia di Mantova ) is a province in the Lombardy region of northern Italy .
The Hörnleberg is a mountain , 905.6 m above sea level ( NHN ) , in the Central Black Forest in southern Germany .
Yorkton is a city located in south - eastern Saskatchewan , Canada , about 600 km north - west of Winnipeg and 300 km south - east of Saskatoon .
Nordenskiöld Land National Park ( Norwegian : Nordenskiöld Land nasjonalpark ) lies on Spitsbergen island in the Svalbard archipelago , Norway .
The Dura - Europos synagogue ( or `` Dura Europas '' , `` Dura Europos '' etc . ) is an ancient synagogue uncovered at Dura - Europos , Syria , in 1932 .
Gârliciu is a commune in Constanţa County , Romania , including the village with the same name .
The Peace Canyon Dam is a large hydroelectric dam on the Peace River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The Rembetika Hipsters are a Canadian music group based in Calgary , Canada .
Twente ( English : Twenthe , Dutch : Twente ( ˈtʋɛntə ) , Tweants dialect : Twente / Tweante ) is a non - administrative region in the eastern Netherlands .
Dolenje Skopice ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnjɛ skɔˈpiːtsɛ ) ; German : Unterskopiz ) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Anbar Qanbar ( Persian : عنبرقنبر‎ , also Romanized as `` Anbar Qanbar ; also known as Qanbar `` Anbar ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , Zarrin Dasht District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 643 , in 155 families .
Koakin , Saponé is a village in the Saponé Department of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso .
Lemberk Castle is a castle located in the Lusatian Mountains of the Czech Republic , near the town of Jablonné v Podještědí .
Ordona is a small town and comune of the province of Foggia in the region of Apulia in southern Italy .
The Governor of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is the appointed Head of State of the provincial government in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
The Retezat National Park ( Romanian : Parcul Naţional Retezat ) is a protected area ( national park category II IUCN ) located in the Retezat Mountains in Hunedoara county , Romania .
Skarkiszki ( skarˈkiʂki ) , ( Lithuanian : Starkiškės ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
A designated place served by a local services board , Kaministiquia had a population of 587 in the Canada 2006 Census .
Seitenstetten Abbey ( German : Stift Seitenstetten ) is a Benedictine monastery in Seitenstetten in the Mostviertel region of Lower Austria .
Alveim is a village in Oygarden municipality in northwestern Hordaland county , Norway .
Ural State University of Railway Transport ( USURT ) or Уральский государственный университет путей сообщения ( УрГУПС ) is a public university situated in Ekaterinburg , Russia .
Kishkinta is a theme park located in Chennai , India .
The Allen River is a river in the West Coast district of the South Island of New Zealand .
The North York Moors is a national park in North Yorkshire , England , containing one of the largest expanses of heather moorland in the United Kingdom .
The Carinhanha River is a river of Bahia and Minas Gerais states in eastern Brazil .
Kalleh Kavi ( Persian : كله كاوي‎ , also Romanized as Kalleh Kāvī ; also known as Kaleh Gāvī and Kalleh Gāvī ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Strachocice ( straxɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Eichsfelder Kessel is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district Eichsfeld , in Thuringia , Germany .
The Big Khan Mosque ( Crimean Tatar : Büyük Han Cami ) is located in Bakhchisaray , Crimea , Russia / Ukraine and is part of the Bakhchisaray Palace .
Ampera Bridge is a Vertical - lift bridge in the city of Palembang , South Sumatra , Indonesia , which is the landmark of the city .
Jánský vrch ( German : Schloß Johannesberg ) is a castle located in the Jeseník District , which lies in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
The Löten Church ( Swedish : Lötenkyrkan ) is a church located at Heidenstam Square , in Uppsala , Sweden , and is a district church of Gamla Uppsala Parish .
Batang Regency ( Kabupaten Batang ) is a regency ( Indonesian : kabupaten ) on the north coast of Central Java province in Indonesia .
Jiamusi ( Manchu : Giyamusi ᡤᡳᠶᠠᠮᡠᠰᡳ ; Chinese : 佳木斯 ; pinyin : Jiāmùsī ; formerly Kiamusze ) is a prefecture - level city in eastern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Diepholz ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdiːphɔlts ) ) is a town and capital of the district of Diepholz in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The AVE Class 103 is a high - speed train used for the AVE service and operated in Spain by the state - run railway company RENFE .
Tin Kettle Island is a long , sandy island , with an area of 176 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
The 63 Building ( Korean : 63 빌딩 or 육삼 빌딩 ) , officially the Hanhwa 63 City , is a skyscraper on Yeouido island , overlooking the Han River in Seoul , South Korea .
T'uqra ( Quechua for faded , discolored , pale , hispanicized spelling Tocra ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Gądków ( ˈɡɔntkuf ) ( German : Mönchhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dingla ( Nepali : दिङ्ला ) is a historic region in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal .
Enguera ( Valencian : Énguera ) is a municipality in southwestern province of Valencia , Spain .
Bagh - e Zaima ( Persian : باغ زعيما‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Za``īmā ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 83 , in 17 families .
Suskənd ( also , Süskən , Suskend , and Syusgen ) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Plurinational Legislative Assembly ( ) is the national legislature of Bolivia , placed in La Paz , the country 's seat of government .
Sinop Airport ( IATA : NOP , ICAO : LTCM ) is an airport in Sinop , in the Black Sea Region of Turkey .
Jaryłówka ( jarɨˈwufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Dangoh Khurd or Pirthipur is a small village in Una District of Himachal Pradesh , India .
Azim Premji University was established as a not - for - profit , private autonomous university under the Azim Premji University Act 2010 of the Karnataka Legislature in India .
Cakalele ( pronounced `` cha - ka - leh - leh '' , spelled tjakalele by the Dutch ) is a war - dance from North and Central Maluku in Indonesia .
Vĩnh Long ( listen ) is a city and the capital of Vĩnh Long Province in Vietnam 's Mekong Delta .
Głowbity ( ɡwɔvˈbitɨ ) ( German : Glaubitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lagoa da Conceição is a district located next to a large lagoon of the same name near the center of Florianópolis , capital city of the state of Santa Catarina , located in the south of Brazil .
H-4 Air Base is a Royal Jordanian Air Force base located near Ruwaished in Mafraq Governorate , Jordan .
Arco Castle ( Italian : Castello di Arco , German : Schloss Arch ) is a ruined castle located on a prominent spur high above Arco and the Sarca Valley in Trentino , northern Italy .
Streithausen is an Ortsgemeinde -- a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde -- and a state - recognized tourism community ( Fremdenverkehrsgemeinde ) in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Ouricuri River is a river of Pernambuco state in Northeast Brazil .
Kfar Warburg ( Hebrew : כְּפַר וַרְבּוּרְג , lit . Warburg Village ) is a large moshav in central Israel .
Ying Wa College ( also referred to as YWC , Anglo - Chinese College , Chinese : 英華書院 ) is a direct subsidised boys ' secondary school in Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Uvari is a coastal village with about 3,000 households and a population of 10,000 in the Tirunelveli district in the state of Tamil Nadu in India .
Warszawa Gdańska station ( also known as Dworzec Gdański ; literally Gdańsk station ) is a railway station in northern Warsaw , Poland .
Royal Air Force Station Barkway or more simply RAF Barkway was one of the smallest Royal Air Force stations in the United Kingdom .
Salaparuta is a town and comune in South - Western Sicily , Italy , in the valley of the Belice river , administratively part of the province of Trapani .
Knott 's Siding was a railway siding on the Erica narrow gauge line in Gippsland , Victoria , Australia .
Kovilovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ковилово ; IPA : ( kɔ̌ʋilɔʋɔ ) ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
The Big Tignish Light is a lighthouse on Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Patna division is one of the nine administrative units of Bihar , a state in the east of India .
The Wabamun Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Devonian ( Famennian ) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin .
The Dewdney Trunk Road was one of the earliest major roads in the Fraser Valley of British Columbia , Canada , originally running from Port Moody to its original destination at Dewdney , just east of Mission .
Kataja , the easternmost point of Sweden , is an islet south of Haparanda in Norrbotten .
The Hessenpark is an open - air museum in Neu - Anspach ( near Wehrheim - Obernhain ) , Hesse , Germany .
Kério is a small hamlet in Brittany , France in the commune of Ploërdut ( 1 km away from the center ) .
Zowalfali ( Persian : ذوالفعلي‎ , also Romanized as Ẕowālfʿalī ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Stirling Theological College is the federal ministry and theological college for the Conference of Churches of Christ in Australia and a college of the University of Divinity and teaches undergraduate and postgraduate ( coursework and research ) theology degrees .
Korzan ( Persian : كرزان‎ , also Romanized as Korzān and Karzān ; also known as Kūrzān ) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Ogunpa River river system is a third - order stream with a channel length of 21.5 kilometres ( 13.4 mi ) and a drainage basin covering 73.3 square kilometres ( 28.3 sq mi ) draining the densely populated eastern part of Ibadan Nigeria .
Qasigiannguit Heliport ( IATA : JCH , ICAO : BGCH ) is a heliport in the eastern part of Qasigiannguit , a town located on the southeastern shores of Disko Bay in the Qaasuitsup municipality , in western Greenland .
The Teno River is a river located in the Maule Region of central Chile .
The Berivotra Formation is a Maastrichtian Upper Cretaceous Period sedimentary rock marine formation found on Madagascar , off the eastern coast of Africa .
Nakhon Sawan Airport ( Thai : ( ICAO : VTPN ) ) , is an airport in Nakhon Sawan , the capital city of Nakhon Sawan Province , Thailand .
Siekierkowski Bridge ( Polish : Most Siekierkowski ) is a bridge over the Vistula River in Warsaw , Poland , connecting the Mokotów and Wawer districts .
Abriz ( Persian : ابريز‎ , also Romanized as Ābrīz ) is a village in Mehranrud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Paamiut Airport ( Greenlandic : Mittarfik Paamiut ) ( IATA : JFR , ICAO : BGPT ) is an airport located 1 NM ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) northeast of Paamiut , a town in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland .
Massangena is a river town in Massangena District of Gaza Province in south - western Mozambique .
Jungingen is a village in the Zollernalbkreis , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Arlanda South Station ( Swedish : Arlanda södra station ) is a railway station on the Arlanda Line serving Stockholm - Arlanda Airport in Sweden .
The Royal Conservatoire of Antwerp is a music and drama college in Antwerp , Belgium .
Vahagnadzor ( Armenian : Վահագնաձոր ; formerly , Shagali ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Loutraki - Perachora ( Greek : Λουτράκι-Περαχώρα ) is a former municipality in Corinthia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Pobratci ( Serbian : Побратци ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Constantia Park is a suburb in the city of Pretoria , South Africa .
Czaplinek ( t͡ʂaˈplʲinɛk ) ( German : Tempelburg ) is a town in Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 6,879 inhabitants ( 2007 ) .
Nir David ( Hebrew : נִיר דָּוִד , lit . David 's Meadow ) ( `` The world 's most beautiful kibbutz '' ) is a kibbutz in the Beit She'an Valley in northern Israel .
The Australia Act 1986 is the name given to a pair of separate but related pieces of legislation : one an Act of the Commonwealth ( i.e. federal ) Parliament of Australia , the other an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Lisebergshallen is a multi - purpose venue in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Ban Thi ( Thai : บ้านธิ ) is a tambon in Ban Thi District บ้านธิ , Lamphun ลำพูน , Northern Thailand .
The Dr. Cecilio Putong National High School , originally the Bohol National High School or BNHS ; also Bohol High , is a public , secondary educational institution at Tagbilaran City , Bohol , Philippines .
Bragado is a city in the center - northwest province of Buenos Aires , Argentina , and the head town of Bragado Partido .
Guichen Bay , ( French : Baie de Guichen ) is a bay located on the south - east coast of South Australia about 115 kilometres ( 71 mi ) northwest of Mount Gambier and about 270 kilometres ( 170 mi ) south - southeast of Adelaide .
Giedraičiai is a town in Molėtai district municipality , Lithuania with about 770 residents .
The Yí River ( Spanish , Río Yí ) is a river in Uruguay .
Pakin Atoll is a small atoll lying off the northwest coast of Pohnpei in the Federated States of Micronesia .
Nysæter Church ( Norwegian : Nysæter kyrkje ) is a parish church in Stord municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Preem is a Swedish petroleum corporation owned by Ethiopian Citizen Mohammed H. Al - Amoudi , that owns 530 petrol stations in Sweden .
Zemun Polje railway station is the rail station in Zemun Polje , Zemun , Serbia .
Parshuram Mahadev Temple is a Shiva temple in Desuri tehsil in Pali district of Rajasthan state in India .
Siostrzytów ( ɕɔsˈtʂɨtuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Puczniew ( ˈput͡ʂɲef ) ( German : Putznau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Vrh pri Višnji Gori ( pronounced ( ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈʋiːʃnji ˈɡɔːɾi ) ; German : Greifenberg ) is a settlement in the hills to the north above Višnja Gora in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Located in Florianopolis , the capital city of Santa Catarina State in southern Brazil , the Hercilio Luz Bridge is the first bridge constructed to link the Island of Santa Catarina to the mainland .
Tell Beydar is a village and ancient site in the modern Al - Hasakah Governorate , Syria .
The Rockall Basin ( also known as the Hatton Rockall Basin ) is a large ( c. 800 km by 150 km ) sedimentary basin that lies to the west of Ireland and the United Kingdom beneath the major deepwater area known as the Rockall Trough .
DN2 ( Romanian : Drumul Naţional 2 ) is a national road in Romania which links Bucharest with the historical region of Moldavia in north - east Romania .
Benhorn was a village in the old district of Fallingbostel , on the Heidmark in Lower Saxony in North Germany .
Mangalore University ( MU ) is a public university in Konaje , Mangalore , Karnataka , India .
Bangkok Adventist Hospital , also known locally as Mission Hospital , is a general hospital with registered capacity of 200 beds and 24 bassinets , situated in Bangkok , Thailand .
The Imagine Peace Tower ( Icelandic : Friðarsúlan , meaning `` the peace column '' ) is a memorial to John Lennon from his widow , Yoko Ono , located on Viðey Island in Kollafjörður Bay near Reykjavík , Iceland .
Duševine ( Serbian : Душевине ) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
McKean Island is a small , uninhabited island in the Phoenix Islands , Republic of Kiribati .
Turan Posht ( Persian : توران پشت‎ , also Romanized as Tūrān Posht ; also known as Tarūm Pusht ) is a village in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Follafoss Church ( Norwegian : Follafoss kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Verran in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Bargarh , is a city and a municipality in Bargarh district in the state of Odisha , India .
The Fort l'Écluse ( or Fort de l'Écluse ) is close to the village of Collonges , Ain in Eastern France .
Nigatun ( Armenian : Նիգատուն ) ; formerly known as Kalacha , is an abandoned village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Mashhad Industrial Estate ( Persian : شهرك صنعتي مشهد‎ -- Shahraḵ - e Sanʿatī Mashhad ) is a village and company town in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Namsskogan Familiepark is a zoo and amusement park in Namsskogan in Norway .
Spotswood College is a co - educational state secondary school in Spotswood , New Plymouth , New Zealand .
Rozzol in Valle and Rozzol in Monte ( Slovene : Rocol ) are neighborhoods in Trieste , Italy .
Hjelmeland Church ( Norwegian : Hjelmeland kirke ) is the main parish church in Hjelmeland municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Bryant Pass ( 59 ° 35′01``N 64 ° 00′53''W ) is a mountain pass on the northernmost tip of Labrador , Canada .
Moose Factory Island is an island in the Moose River , Ontario , Canada , about 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) from its mouth at James Bay .
Sukhodoly ( Ukrainian : Суходоли ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Pothaipalle or Pothaipally is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Martinborough is a town in the South Wairarapa district of the Wellington region in the North Island of New Zealand .
Hallingskarvet is a mountain range in southern Norway stretching from Geilo to Finse .
Lake As Pontes ( Spanish : Lago de As Pontes , Galician : Lago das Pontes ) is an artificial lake in the municipality of As Pontes , Spain .
The Franconian Saale ( German : Fränkische Saale ) is a 125 km long river in Bavaria , Germany .
Chiaramonte Gulfi ( Sicilian : Ciaramunti ) is a town and comune in the province of Ragusa , Sicilia , Italy .
Suankularb Wittayalai School ( also known as Suankularb College ) ( Thai : โรงเรียนสวนกุหลาบวิทยาลัย , lit . Rose Garden College ) ( 13 ° 44′34.02``N 100 ° 29′53.37''E ) is an all - boys secondary school for grades 7 through 12 in Thailand .
N'Djamena International Airport ( IATA : NDJ , ICAO : FTTJ ) is an international airport serving N'Djamena , the capital city of Chad .
RAF Alconbury and RAF Molesworth are the last Second World War era Eighth Air Force airfields in the United Kingdom that are still actively in use and controlled by the United States Air Force .
Deir Mawas or Deir Muas ( ديرمواس ) is a city in Egypt .
Godeshevo ( Bulgarian : Годешево ) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria .
Hollandsche Schouwburg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɦɔlɑntsə ˈsxʌubʏrx ) ; English : Hollandic Theatre ) is a museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
Geulei Teiman ( Hebrew : גְּאֻלֵי תֵּימָן or גאולי תימן , lit . The Redeemed of Yemen ) is a religious moshav in central Israel .
The 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the sixteenth edition of the FIFA U-20 World Cup ( formerly called FIFA World Youth Championship ) , hosted by Canada from 30 June to 22 July 2007 .
Dromolaxia ( Greek : Δρομολαξιά ; Turkish : Mormenekşe ) is a village near Larnaca International Airport , in Larnaca District , Cyprus .
Plufur ( Breton : Plufur ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Zbojštica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Збојштица ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .
Revúca ( formerly Veľká Revúca in Slovak ; German : Groß - Rauschenbach ; Hungarian : Nagyrőce ) is a town in Banská Bystrica Region , Slovakia .
The Golden Ring ( Russian : Золото́е кольцо́ ) is a ring of cities northeast of Moscow , the capital of Russia .
Orsa is a locality and the seat of Orsa Municipality , Dalarna County , Sweden , with 5,308 inhabitants ( 2010 ) .
Rostaman ( Persian : رستمان‎ , also Romanized as Rostamān ) is a village in Emam Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Wine Ark , established in 1999 , is Australia 's largest wine storage provider .
Mian Bazur ( Persian : ميان بازور‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Bāzūr ; also known as Mīān Bāzū ) is a village in Bedevostan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kireka is the name of a township in Central Uganda .
Arezzo railway station serves the city of Arezzo in Tuscany , Italy .
Gloucester Glen is a community on the Rideau River in eastern Ontario , Canada .
Petare is a city in Miranda , Venezuela , and is part of the urban area of Caracas .
The Sultan Iskandar Reservoir ( Malay : Takungan Air Sultan Iskandar or Empangan Sultan Iskandar ) is an artificial lake in Kota Tinggi District , Johor , Malaysia .
Oulu Airport ( IATA : OUL , ICAO : EFOU ; Finnish : Oulun lentoasema , Swedish : Uleåborgs flygplats ) is located in Oulu , Finland , 5.7 NM ( 10.6 km ; 6.6 mi ) south - west of the city centre .
Kanakides is an abandoned village on the island of Aegina , Greece .
Pontikos ( Greek : Ποντικός ) is an island of the Echinades , among the Ionian Islands group of Greece .
Lakenheath is host to the largest USAF base in the United Kingdom , RAF Lakenheath .
Hraničky ( German : Grenzdorf , Grenzdörfel or Gränzdorf ) is a settlement located in the Rychlebské Hory ( Reichensteiner Gebirge in German ) in the north - eastern part of Moravia in the Czech Republic , a territory historically known as Sudetenland .
Dovşanlı ( also , Araçadzor , Arachadzor , Aratchadzor , Archadzor , Arrach’adzor , and Arrajadzor ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Barletta railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Barletta ) is the main station serving the city and comune of Barletta , in the region of Apulia , southern Italy .
Salingyi is a town in Salingyi Township , Monywa District , Sagaing Region in Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Lahmari - ye Do ( Persian : له مارئدو‎ , also Romanized as Lahmārī - ye Do ; also known as Lahmārī ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Toledo City Paper is an alternative newspaper established in 1997 in Toledo , Ohio , United States of America .
Bandar Siyada ( Somali : Bender Siyaada ) , also known as Qaw , is a populated place in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia .
Selimiye Barracks ( Turkish : Selimiye Kışlası ) , also known as Scutari Barracks , is a Turkish army barracks located in the Üsküdar district on the Asian part of Istanbul , Turkey .
The University of Macedonia ( UoM ; Greek : Πανεπιστήμιο Μακεδονίας ( Πα.Μακ. ) , Panepistímio Makedonías ( Pa . Mak . ) ) is located in Thessaloniki , Macedonia , Greece .
Kempehallen was an indoor sporting arena located in Örnsköldsvik , Sweden , built in 1964 .
Muolen is a municipality in the Wahlkreis ( constituency ) of St. Gallen in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
The Millmerran railway line is a 71 kilometre long branch railway in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia .
The Karersee ( Italian : Lago di Carezza ; German : Karersee ) is a lake in the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Mszana ( ˈmʂana ) ( German : Mschanna ) is a village in Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Muchu is a Village development committee in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north - western Nepal .
Tarazona y el Moncayo is a comarca in the Province of Zaragoza , within the Aragon region of northeastern Spain .
Jemielite - Wypychy ( jɛmjɛˈlitɛ vɨˈpɨxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kreuzberg Church , Schwandorf ( German : Wallfahrtskirche Zu Unserer Lieben Frau vom Kreuzberg ) is a Catholic parish church , monastic church and pilgrimage church dedicated to Mary Help of Christians on the Kreuzberg ( `` Hill of the Cross '' ) in Schwandorf in Bavaria , Germany .
Ferrostaal Automotive GmbH is a highly specialised service provider for the automotive industry in Germany and internationally .
Lanišče ( pronounced ( laˈniːʃtʃɛ ) ) is a settlement immediately east of Škofljica in central Slovenia .
Vyezdnoye ( Russian : Выездно́е ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) in Arzamassky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia , located on the left ( southwestern ) bank of the Tyosha River , opposite the city of Arzamas , 115 kilometers ( 71 mi ) south of Nizhny Novgorod .
Bujumbura ( /ˌbuːdʒəmˈbʊərə/ ; French pronunciation : ​(buʒumbuʁa ) ) , formerly Usumbura , is the capital , largest city , and main port of Burundi .
Hunkovce ( Rusyn : Гунківцї , Hungarian : Felsőhunkóc ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Gol Afra ( Persian : گل افرا‎ , also Romanized as Gol Afrā and Gol Farā ) is a village in Anzan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Gaz County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Nilgan ( Persian : نيلگان‎ , also Romanized as Nīlgān ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Tsanfleuron Glacier ( French : Glacier de Tsanfleuron ) is a 3.5 km ( 2.2 mi ) long glacier ( 2005 ) situated in the western Bernese Alps in the cantons of Valais and Vaud in Switzerland .
That Dam ( Lao ທາດດຳ , meaning Black Stupa ) is a large stupa located in Vientiane , the capital of Laos .
The Eastern Ghats or Pūrva Ghaṭ , also known as Mahendra Pravata , are a discontinuous range of mountains along India 's eastern coast .
Atauro Island ( also Ilha de Atauro , Ata'uro ) is a small island situated 25 km north of Dili , East Timor , on the extinct Wetar segment of the volcanic Inner Banda Arc , between the Indonesian islands of Alor and Wetar .
The Matiri River is a river located in the northwest of New Zealand 's South Island .
Zahara - El Gastor Reservoir is a reservoir in Zahara de la Sierra and El Gastor , province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Emamzadeh Seyyed Hoseyn Kornag ( Persian : امامزاده سيدحسين كرنگ‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Ḩoseyn Kornag ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bois - de - Gand is a commune in the Jura department in Franche - Comté in Eastern France .
Búnker 1 de Camposoto is a bunker located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Montsià ( Catalan pronunciation : ( munsiˈa ) ) is the southernmost comarca ( county ) of Catalonia in Spain .
Redvales is a residential district to the south of Bury town centre in Greater Manchester in the United Kingdom .
Pantai Indah Kapuk ( PIK ) is a well - planned and affluent community in the sub - district of Penjaringan in the city of North Jakarta , Jakarta , Indonesia .
Tefa Island is a small island of the Tanga Islands of Papua New Guinea , located to the east of New Ireland .
Teluk Wondama Regency ( Wondama Bay Regency ) is a regency of West Papua province of Indonesia .
The Falcon Tower is a 41-floor tower block in the Business Bay area of Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Te Kopuru is the largest community on the Pouto Peninsula in Northland , New Zealand .
Kalo Dungar or Black Hill is the highest point in Kutch , Gujarat , India , at 462 m. It is located at 97 km from District headquarters of Bhuj and 25 km from nearest town Khavda .
The Maidens Hotel , Delhi , also Oberoi Maidens Hotel , and originally , Maiden 's Metropolitan Hotel is a heritage hotel in the Civil Lines section of Delhi , India .
Bardeh Qel ( Persian : برده قل‎ , also Romanized as Bardeh Qal ; also known as Bardakal , Bardeh Gol , Bardeh Qīl , and Bardqol ) is a village in Lahijan Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Smerup is a village in the southern part of Stevns , a peninsula of the Island Sjælland in Denmark , Europe .
HK Rīga is an ice hockey club , based in Riga , Latvia .
The Dolmen del prado de Lácara ( Spanish : Dolmen del prado de Lácara ) is a dolmen located in Mérida , Spain .
Larabanga is a village in West Gonja district , a district in north western Northern Region of Ghana .
Avenida Leandro N. Alem is one of the principal thoroughfares in Buenos Aires , Argentina , and a commercial nerve center of the city 's San Nicolás and Retiro districts .
Santa Ana ( Misiones ) is a town and municipality in Misiones Province in north - eastern Argentina .
The Waikato Plains are a large area of low - lying land in the northwest of the North Island of New Zealand .
Grivița ( ( ˈɡrivitsa ) ) is an area of Bucharest , Romania , centered on the Grivița Railway Yards ( Atelierele Căi Ferate Grivița ) , which were and still are an important landmark within the manufacturing landscape of the city .
Revolution Ice Rink is an indoor arena located in Mexico City .
Krašić is a village and municipality in central Croatia , located near Jastrebarsko and Ozalj , south of Žumberak and north of Kupa , about 50 km southwest of Zagreb .
AC Hotels by Marriott owns and operates a chain of hotels in Denmark , France , Italy , Portugal , Spain , Turkey and North America .
The Kaohsiung MRT Fongshan Junior High School Station is station on the Orange Line in Fongshan District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Siah Gav ( Persian : سياه گاو‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Gāv ) is a village in Sarab Bagh Rural District , Sarab Bagh District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Bolsheustyikinskoye ( Russian : Большеустьикинское ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Mechetlinsky District in Bashkortostan , Russia .
Delft Divisional Council ( Tamil : நெடுந்தீவு பிரதேச சபை Neṭuntīvu Piratēca Capai ; DDC ) is the local authority for Delft DS Division in northern Sri Lanka .
Lake Onslow is a man - made lake east of Roxburgh and south of Alexandra in the Otago region of New Zealand .
Vácdukais a village and commune in the comitatus of Pest in Hungary .
Gradišče v Tuhinju ( pronounced ( ɡɾaˈdiːʃtʃɛ ʍ tuˈxiːinju ) ) is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Morski Związkowy Klub Sportowy Arka Gdynia ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈarka ˈɡdɨɲa ) ) is a Polish professional football club , based in Gdynia , Poland , that plays in the Polish I Liga .
The Towra Point Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in southern Sydney , New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
The Tunnel du Bois Clair is a 1.6 km ( 0.99 mi ) tunnel near Cluny , France .
Hrubý Šúr or Hegysúr ( in Slovak : Hrubý Šúr , in Hungarian : Hegysúr ) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Senec District in the Bratislava Region .
Sai Kung Tang Shiu Kin Sports Ground is a rugby union stadium on Fook Man Road , Sai Kung , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Mamlyutka ( Kazakh : Мамлют ) is a town ( till 1969 -- village ) , that is the administrative center of Mamlyut District , North Kazakhstan Region , Kazakhstan .
King Saud University ( KSU , Arabic : جامعة الملك سعود‎ ) is a public university in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , founded in 1957 by King Saud bin Abdulaziz as Riyadh University , as the first university in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
The Hovpartiet ( English : Royal Court Party ) was the name for a political group in Sweden during the age of liberty .
Gułdowy is a district of Cieszyn , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland .
The Bocas del Toro Archipelago is a group of islands in the Caribbean Sea in northwest Panama .
Bjerkvik Church ( Norwegian : Bjerkvik kirke ) is a parish church in the village of Bjerkvik , in the municipality of Narvik , in Nordland county , Norway .
The Chubut River ( Spanish : Río Chubut , Welsh : Afon Camwy ) is located in the Patagonia region of southern Argentina .
Mohammad Karim Kandi ( Persian : محمدكريم كندي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Karīm Kandī ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Habo Church ( Swedish : Habo kyrka ) in Habo Parish , Jönköping County , Sweden , is a wooden church building in Habo .
The Kingston Branch was a major railway line in Southland , New Zealand .
Jaungulbene Manor ( Latvian : Jaungulbenes muižas pils ; German : Schloss Neu - Schwanenburg ) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme , in northern Latvia .
Umurga parish ( Latvian : Umurgas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Limbaži Municipality , Latvia .
Tağıbəylı ( also , Tağıbəyli ) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kam Air Flight 904 was a scheduled passenger domestic flight , flying from Herat Airfield in Herat to Kabul International Airport in Afghanistan 's capital of Kabul .
Hattingspruit was established in the 1880s as a coal mining town in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Zaliwie - Brzozówka ( zaˈlivjɛ bʐɔˈzufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bahishti Maqbara ( English : The Heavenly Graveyard ) , located originally in Qadian , India and then in Rabwah , Pakistan is a religious cemetery established by the Ahmadiyya Community as a directive from the community 's founder Mirza Ghulam Ahmad , made known in his booklet Al - Wasiyyat .
Southern Institute of Technology ( SIT ) ( Māori : Te Whare Wānanga o Murihiku ) is one of New Zealand 's largest institutes of technology , with over 12,000 students in 2011 .
Koyo Zom is the highest peak in the Hindu Raj mountain range in Pakistan at 6,872 metres ( 22,546 ft ) .
Shahab District ( Persian : بخش شهاب‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sant Joan ( official name ; English : Saint John ) is a municipality on Majorca , Spain , situated in the center of the island in the comarca of Pla de Mallorca .
Zendstation Smilde is a tall partially guyed tower in Hoogersmilde , the Netherlands , built in 1959 , for directional radio services and TV and FM - transmissions .
Düsseldorf Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in the city of Düsseldorf in Germany , state capital of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Dolní Přím is a village in the Czech Republic located about 10 km west of Hradec Králové .
Qaziabad Ahmadi ( Persian : قاضي اباداحمدي‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕīābād Aḩmadī ) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Château de Lavardin is a ruined castle in the village and commune of Lavardin in the Loir - et - Cher département of France .
Bandbal - e Bala ( Persian : بندبال بالا‎ , also Romanized as Bandbāl - e Bālā ) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District , in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Burren and Cliffs of Moher Geopark was the third Geopark to be designated in Ireland , having gained membership of both the European Geoparks Network and the UNESCO - assisted Global Network of National Geoparks in 2011 .
Hulwan was an ancient town on the Zagros Mountains in western Iran , located on the entrance of the Paytak Pass , nowadays identified with the village of Sarpol - e Zahab .
Tangiteroria is a small rural community in the North Island of New Zealand .
Widzino ( viˈd͡ʑinɔ ) ( German Veddin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
SK Latvijas Avīze was a Latvian Floorball League team based in Riga , Latvia .
Inchiquin ( Irish : Inse Uí Chuinn ) is a barony in County Clare , Ireland .
Bregovo ( Bulgarian : Брегово ) is a town in the very northwest of Bulgaria , situated on the east bank of the Timok River close to its mouth .
Spur Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
Bisalpur Dam is a gravity dam on the Banas River near Deoli in Tonk district , Rajasthan , India .
The Central Federal District ( Russian : Центра́льный федера́льный о́круг , tr . Tsentralny federalny okrug ; IPA : ( tsɨnˈtralʲnɨj fʲɪdʲɪˈralʲnɨj ˈokrʊk ) ) is one of the nine federal districts of Russia .
The Parti bleu was a moderate political group in Quebec , Canada that emerged in 1854 .
Zaragoza Air Base ( IATA : ZAZ , ICAO : LEZG ) is a base of the Spanish Air Force located near Zaragoza , Spain .
Stronia ( ˈstrɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dubravice Gornje ( Serbian : Дубравице Горње ) is a village in the municipality of Brčko , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Borstahusen is a fishing village in northern Landskrona in Scania , in southern Sweden .
San Francisco Zapotitlán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sam fɾanˈsisko sapotiˈtlan ) ) is a municipality in the Suchitepéquez department of Guatemala .
Palilgogo is a village in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso .
Markland Wood is a residential neighbourhood in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Nowruz Bolaghi ( Persian : نوروزبلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Nowrūz Bolāghī ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cape Grafton is a cape located to the north - east of Cairns in Queensland , Australia .
Svitávka ( German : Zwittebach ) is a river in Bohemia ( Czech Republic ) and Saxony ( Germany ) .
Richard E. Morlan of the Canadian Museum of Civilization and Archaeological Survey of Canada conducted a study of modified bones found on Old Crow River sites in the 1970s .
Sachkhere ( Georgian : საჩხერე ) is a town at the northern edge of the Imereti Province in Western Georgia .
Biszcza ( ˈbiʂt͡ʂa ) is a village in Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Hague University of Applied Sciences ( Dutch : De Haagse Hogeschool ) is a university of applied sciences and community higher professional education institute with its campuses located in and around The Hague in the Randstad metropolitan region in the southern Netherlands .
The Hungaroring is a motor - racing circuit in Mogyoród , Hungary where the Formula One Hungarian Grand Prix is held .
Ledmozero ( Russian : Ледмозеро ; Finnish : Lietmajärvi ) is a settlement in the northern part of Muyezersky District in the Republic of Karelia , Russia , located 7 kilometers ( 4.3 mi ) south - east of Lake Ledmozero .
Beginning in 1958 , the company 's founder Wendelin Sachtler built his tripod heads in a small workshop in Munich - Schwabing , Germany .
Torre Alta is a tower located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Col d'Ares ( French : ( kɔldaʁ ) ) or Coll d'Ares ( Catalan : ( ˈkɔʎ ˈdaɾəs ) ) ( el . 1513 m ) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees on the border between France and Spain .
Spodnja Brežnica ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja bɾɛˈʒniːtsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Poljčane in northeastern Slovenia .
The Teatro Metropólitan is one of Mexico 's best - known theatres .
Calatabiano ( Sicilian : Cattabbianu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the province of Catania in Sicily , southern Italy .
Isimba Hydroelectric Power Station is a 183.2 megawatts ( 245,700 hp ) hydroelectric power project under construction in Uganda .
The Autovía Z-40 is an autovía in Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain , forming a 34 km ( 21.1 mile ) beltway clockwise around the city .
Pandamatenga Airport ( ICAO : FBPA ) is a public use airport located in Pandamatenga , North - West , Botswana .
Amasya is a city in northern Turkey and is the capital of Amasya Province , in the Black Sea Region .
Karczmy - Kolonia ( ˈkart͡ʂmɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ereymentau ( Russian : Ерейментау ) is a town in northern - central Kazakhstan .
Hülchrath is a district of the municipality of Grevenbroich in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Orce is a municipality located in the province of Granada , in southeastern Spain .
The Tartu University Clinic ( Estonian : Tartu Ülikooli Kliinikum ) is a healthcare and medical teaching service in Tartu , Estonia , and a subsidiary of the Tartu University .
Cuérigo ( Asturian and official name : Cuergo ) is one of 18 parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Aller , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Leshukonskoye Airport is an airport in the selo of Leshukonskoye , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia .
The Grand Hotel , Qazvin ( Persian : گراند هتل قزوین‎ ) was a hotel built in 1922 in Qazvin , Iran construcuted in the Pahlavi era under the governorship of Saad ad - Daula .
Paldaran ( Persian : پالدرن‎ , also Romanized as Pāldaran ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ekarma Strait(48 ° 54′49``N 154 ° 03′09''E ) is a stretch of water that separates Ekarma in the southeast and Shiashkotan in the northwest in the Kuril Islands , Russia .
Uzès ( Occitan : Usès ) is a small town and a commune in the Gard department in southern France .
The Montreal International Poetry Prize ( also known as The Montreal Prize ) is an annual poetry competition based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Sierra de las Ánimas is a hill range which starts in Lavalleja Department of Uruguay and extends south into Maldonado Department where it includes one of the highest peaks of Uruguay , the top of Cerro de las Ánimas 501 metres ( 1,644 ft ) , near the towns Gregorio Aznárez and Las Flores .
Le Barcarès ( Catalan : El Barcarès ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France bordering the Mediterranean Sea .
Pulad Kuh ( Persian : پولادكوه‎ , also Romanized as Pūlād Kūh ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Irish Sign Language ( ISL , Irish : Teanga Chomharthaíochta na hÉireann ) is the sign language of Ireland , used primarily in the Republic of Ireland .
Lazarevskaya railway station ( Russian : Железнодорожная станция Лазаревская ) is a railway station of the North Caucasus Railway , subsidiary of Russian Railways , located in Lazarevskoye Microdistrict , Lazarevsky City District of the city of Sochi , Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
The Nuestra Señora de Montserrat ( Spanish : Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Montserrat ) is a Baroque - style church located in the Calle de San Bernardo of Madrid ( Spain ) .
Baba Aman ( Persian : باباامان‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Amān ; also known as Bavāmān Qal``eh ) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 567 , in 146 families .
Shimurali ( Often spelt ' Simurali ' ) is a town situated at Nadia district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Solihull College & University Centre , formerly called Solihull College of Technology , is a further education college located in the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull , in the West Midlands , United Kingdom .
Liberton Christian School is a state integrated primary school located in Dunedin , New Zealand .
Kullorsuaq Island ( old spelling : Kuvdlorssuaq ) is an island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Świerkle ( ˈɕfjɛrklɛ ) ( German Horst ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzeń Wielki , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kannonkoski Church ( Finnish : Kannonkosken kirkko , Swedish : Kannonkoski kyrka ) is a Lutheran church in Kannonkoski , Finland .
Antas de Ulla ( Galician pronunciation : ( ˈantaz ðe ˈuʎa ) ) , is a municipality in the province of Lugo , Galicia , Spain .
Jaunauce parish ( Latvian : Jaunauces pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality , Latvia .
Falbygden is a geographical area , centered at the town of Falköping in Västergötland , in southern Sweden , and covered mostly by farmland .
Baýramaly ( formerly Bayram - Ali , Persian : بایرام علی‎‎ ) is a city of Turkmenistan , a seat of Baýramaly District within Mary Province .
Mirkowiczki ( mirkɔˈvit͡ʂki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
`` El Gran Carlemany '' ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əɫ ˈɣɾaŋ kərləˈmaɲ ) , Western Catalan : ( eɫ ˈɣɾaŋ kaɾleˈmaɲ ) ; `` The Great Charlemagne '' ) is the national anthem of the Principality of Andorra .
The Wadi Laba River is a seasonal spate river in Eritrea that typically produces turbulent flow events of only a few hours duration , and only five to ten times during the short summer season .
The Windmill Herald was a newspaper for Dutch immigrants in Canada and the USA .
Iligan Bay is a bay in Mindanao Island in the Philippines .
Arriva Max is a premium brand used by various Arriva bus subsidiaries in the United Kingdom .
The Mascareen Peninsula ( pronounced : ( mas - kuh - REEN ) ) is located in Saint George Parish , Charlotte County , in southwestern New Brunswick , Canada .
The Grand Ducal Burial Vault ( Russian : Великокняжеская усыпальница ) is the purpose - built mausoleum of the Grand Dukes and Duchesses of Russia in the Peter and Paul Fortress .
Nakop is a small town and border post in northwestern South Africa on its border with Namibia .
Pöörilaid ( alternately : Pööriotsa laid ) is an islet in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia .
Lethbridge Collegiate Institute ( LCI ) is a public high school in Lethbridge , Alberta , Canada , operated by Lethbridge School District No . 51 that serves grades nine through twelve .
Dębica ( ( dɛmˈbit͡sa ) ; Yiddish : דעמביץ‎ Dembitz ) is a city in southeastern Poland with 46,693 inhabitants , as of 2 June 2009 .
Körpükənd ( also , Kërpyukend ) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan .
La Cala Resort in Mijas , Andalucía , southern Spain is a residential and recreational estate located between Marbella and Fuengirola .
The Kwaw - kwaw - Apilt First Nation or Kwaw - kwaw - Apilt Indian Band is a band government of the Sto : lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region near Chilliwack , British Columbia , Canada .
Ouaguenoun is a district east of Tizi Ouzou , Kabylie region , Algeria .
Prince Rupert Airport , ( IATA : YPR , ICAO : CYPR ) , is located 5.0 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) west southwest of Prince Rupert , British Columbia , Canada .
The Ontario Academic Credit or OAC ( French : Cours préuniversitaire de l'Ontario or CPO ) was a fifth year of secondary school education that previously existed in the province of Ontario , Canada , designed for students preparing for post - secondary education .
Krestyakh ( Russian : Крестях ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Krestyakhsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 93 kilometers ( 58 mi ) from Suntar , the administrative center of the district .
The Badia Fiesolana is an old monastery located in the town of Fiesole ( in the quarter of San Domenico ) , northeast of Florence , Italy .
Gatot Soebroto Army Hospital ( Indonesian Rumah Sakit Pusat Angkatan Darat Gatot Soebroto , abbreviated as RSPAD Gatot Soebroto ) is a hospital in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Guang River Railway bridge ( Thai : สะพานข้ามแม่น้ำกวง ) is a three - span railway bridge in Thailand .
Buffelspruit is a town in Ehlanzeni District Municipality in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa , 22 km south - east of Kaapmuiden .
The Château de Villandry is a grand country house located in Villandry , in the département of Indre - et - Loire , France .
Štorje ( pronounced ( ˈʃtoːɾjɛ ) ; Italian : Storie ) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Cái Dầu is an urban municipality ( trấn thuộc huyện ) and capital town of the Châu Phú District of An Giang Province , Vietnam .
Ramanthuruth is one of the islands that make up the city of Kochi , Kerala , India .
Mantong Township ( ( Burmese : မန်တုံမြို့နယ် ) ; also Manton Township and Mantung Township ) is a township of the Pa Laung Self - Administered Zone in the Shan State of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Merrion Cemetery , Bellevue is a cemetery located off the Merrion Road in Dublin , Ireland .
Cerro Cañapa is an elongated mountain in Bolivia close to the border with Chile .
Butere / Mumias District was an administrative district in the Western Province of Kenya .
The Chicoasén Dam ( officially known as Manuel Moreno Torres ) is an embankment dam and hydroelectric power station on the Grijalva River near Chicoasén in Chiapas , Mexico .
FOS Open Scouting or FOS is a pluralistic , internationally oriented , coeducational , Flemish Scout and Guide organisation in Belgium and is a member of the Guidisme et Scoutisme en Belgique / Gidsen- en Scoutsbeweging in België ( GSB , Guides and Scouts Movement of Belgium ) .
The Bienwald is a large forested area in the southern Pfalz region of Germany near the towns of Kandel and Wörth am Rhein .
Lezhë ( Albanian : Lezha or Lezhë , Albanian pronunciation : ( ˈlɛʒə ) ; Italian : Alessio , Greek : Λισσός , Lissòs , Turkish : Leş ) is a town and municipality in northwest Albania , in the county with the same name .
Télimélé is a town in the Fouta Djallon highlands of Guinea .
Grenadier Kaserne was a military base of U.S. in the northern Stuttgart district of Bad Cannstatt in Germany adjacent to Robinson Barracks .
Kolokope Airport ( ICAO : DXKP ) is an airport serving Anié , located in the Plateaux region in Togo .
Obergriesbach is a municipality in southern Bavaria in Germany .
Oliveira de Azeméis , Santiago de Riba - Ul , Ul , Macinhata da Seixa e Madail is a civil parish in the municipality of Oliveira de Azeméis in Porto Metropolitan Area , Portugal .
Neuchâtel Junior College ( or NJC ) is a private international school located in the French - speaking town of Neuchâtel , Switzerland .
Barsø is a small island which is part of the Aabenraa municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in South Jutland County on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark .
Jamkhed taluka ( Marathi : जामखेड तालुका ) , is a taluka in Karjat subdivision of Ahmednagar district in Maharashtra State of India .
Bhabat is a census town in Mohali district in the state of Punjab , India .
The Tagant Plateau is located in eastern Mauritania , forming a stony part of the Sahara Desert .
Yejube ( also transliterated Ejube ) is a town in west - central Ethiopia .
Avend ( Persian : اوند‎ , also Romanized as Āvand and Ovand ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chah - e Zardan ( Persian : چاه زردان‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Zardān ; also known as Chāh - e Zardāl ) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Vinkovci ( pronounced ( v̞îːnkɔːv̞t͡si ) ) is a city in Slavonia , in the Vukovar - Srijem County in eastern Croatia .
Byblos , in Arabic Jubayl ( Lebanese Arabic pronunciation : ) , is a Mediterranean city in the Mount Lebanon Governorate , Lebanon .
Piazza San Marco ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpjatt͡sa san ˈmarko ) , often known in English as St Mark 's Square ) , is the principal public square of Venice , Italy , where it is generally known just as `` the Piazza '' ( la Piazza ) .
Salwa Zeidan Gallery is a contemporary art gallery located within the St. Regis Saadiyat Island Resort in Abu Dhabi ( United Arab Emirates ) , founded by Lebanese artist Salwa Zeidan in 1994 .
Stavanger Peninsula ( Norwegian : Stavangerhalvøya ) is a peninsula in Rogaland , Norway , on which is located the city of Stavanger , the peninsula 's namesake , and the most populous parts of Greater Stavanger .
The Kirnitzschtal tramway , also known as the Kirnitzschtalbahn ( Kirnitzsch Valley Tramway ) , is an electric tramway in Saxony , Germany .
Neds Reef is a group of three small granite islets , joined at low tide by extensive mudflats , with a combined area of about 3 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Týniště nad Orlicí ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtiːɲɪʃcɛ ˈnatʔorlɪtsiː ) ) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
The Alfaguara project is a marine life conservation project operated from Puñihuil in the northwest of Isla de Chiloé , southern Chile .
The Hunter Island Group Important Bird Area comprises several islands in the Hunter and Trefoil Island Groups lying off the north - western coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Békés County ( Hungarian : Békés megye , Romanian : Bichiş ) , is an administrative division ( county or megye ) in south - eastern Hungary , on the border with Romania .
Qarahacılı ( also , Karagadzhili and Karagadzhyly ) is a village in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bard - e Fateh ( Persian : بردفاتح‎ , also Romanized as Bard - e Fāteḩ and Bardeh - ye Fāteḩ ) is a village in Zaz - e Gharbi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hewanorra International Airport ( IATA : UVF , ICAO : TLPL ) , near Vieux Fort Quarter , Saint Lucia , in the Caribbean , is the larger of the country 's two airports , the smaller being George F. L. Charles Airport , and is managed by the Saint Lucia Air and Seaports Authority ( SLASPA ) .
Belidzhi ( Russian : Белиджи́ ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Derbentsky District of the Republic of Dagestan , Russia .
Święciechowo ( ɕfjɛnt͡ɕɛˈxɔvɔ ) ( German : Grünhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Spanish Riding School ( German : Spanische Hofreitschule ) of Vienna , Austria , is a traditional riding school for Lipizzan horses , which perform in the Winter Riding School ( Winterreitschule ) in the Hofburg .
Hatunqullpa ( Quechua hatun big , qullpa salpeter , `` big salpeter ( mountain ) '' , hispanicized spelling Atuncollpa ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Deraz Ab - e Sofla ( Persian : درازاب سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Derāz Āb - e Soflá ; also known as Derāz Āb - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Bagh - e Keshmir Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tarnówka Wiesiołowska ( tarˈnufka vjɛɕɔˈwɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Technik Museum Speyer is a technology museum in Speyer ( Rhineland - Palatinate ) , Germany .
Hahn Air Base was a frontline NATO facility in Germany for over 40 years during the Cold War ( former ICAO EDAH , now EDFH as Frankfurt - Hahn Airport ) .
Tantum is a small settlement located in the southwest corner of the island Brava , Cape Verde .
Gwangju High School ( Hangul : 광주고등학교 ; hanja : 光州高等學校 ; RR : Gwangju Godeung Hakgyo ) is a high school in Dong - gu district , Gwangju , South Korea .
Shani - Arjun Municipality is a municipality in Jhapa District of eastern Nepal .
Strindbergs Intima Teater or Intima teatern , is a theatre stage in Stockholm , Sweden .
House of Bryan is a Canadian home renovation television series which premiered in 2010 on HGTV Canada .
Howth Head ( Ceann Bhinn Éadair in Irish ) is a peninsula northeast of Dublin City in Ireland .
The Pi River ( Thai : น้ำปี้ ) is a river of Thailand .
The University of Gabès ( Arabic : جامعة فابس‎ , French : Université de Gabès ) is a public university located in southern Tunisia with headquarters in Gabès .
Cudniki ( t͡sudˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
In 1530 Paternion received market rights from Archduke Ferdinand I of Austria .
Yasuj Chain Dam is a collection of small hydroelectric dams in Iran with a current installed electricity generating capability of 16.8 MW .
Châteaubriant ( French : ( ʃɑ.to.bʁi.jɑ̃ ) ; Breton : Kastell - Briant ; Gallo : Châtiaoberiant ) , is a town in western France , about 350 km ( 220 mi ) southwest of Paris , and one of the three sous - préfectures of the Loire - Atlantique department .
No designated UK ward had yet been created for Netherne - on - the - Hill in local government in time for the United Kingdom Census 2011 .
Uppland Runic Inscription 485 or U 485 is the Rundata catalog number for a Viking Age memorial runestone that is located in Marma , which is about six kilometers northeast of Knivsta , Uppsala County , Sweden , which was in the historic province of Uppland .
The Paso de Jama is a mountain pass through the Andes between Chile and Argentina , at an elevation of 4,200 m ( 13,800 ft ) at the border .
Sarab - e Honam ( Persian : سراب هنام‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Honām , Sarāb - e Honnām , Sarāb - e Honom , and Sarāb Honom ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Macarthur Girls High School is situated on the Parramatta River next to Parramatta City , New South Wales , Australia .
Nowjeh Mehr ( Persian : نوجه مهر‎ ; also known as Nowj Mehr ) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District , Siah Rud District , Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Aalsmeer Flower Auction ( Bloemenveiling Aalsmeer ) is a flower auction that takes place in Aalsmeer , Netherlands .
Drösing ( Slovak : Strezenice ) is a town in the district of Gänserndorf in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Fojana ( pronounced ( fɔˈjaːna ) ) is a village west of Dobrovo in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia , next to the border with Italy .
Șagu ( Hungarian : Németság , German : Segenthau ) is a commune in Arad County , Romania , is situated on the Vingăi Plateau and it stretches over 10266 hectares .
Punata is the capital of Punata Province and Punata Municipality in Cochabamba Department , Bolivia .
Narayanganj District ( Bengali : নারায়ণগঞ্জ জেলা pronounced : Naraeongônj Jela ) is a district in central Bangladesh , part of the Dhaka Division .
Krnci ( Hungarian : Lendvakislak ) is a small village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
The Merlin diamond mine is one of only three diamond mines in Australia .
The Stryi River ( Ukrainian : Стрий ) starts in the Carpathian mountains in western Ukraine .
Padipast ( Yaghnobi Падипаст ) is a village in western Tajikistan .
Narni ( in Latin , Narnia ) is an ancient hilltown and comune of Umbria , in central Italy , with 20,385 inhabitants ( 2008 census ) .
Fortune Harbour ( sometimes written Fortune Harbor ) is a bay and community in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Pławna Dolna ( ˈpwavna ˈdɔlna ) ( German : Schmottseifen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomierz , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Le Barroux ( French pronunciation : ​(ləbaˈʁu ) ) is a village and commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
San Juan Sacatepéquez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( saŋ ˈxwan sakateˈpekes ) ) is a municipality in the Guatemala department of Guatemala , northwest of Guatemala City .
The Mérantaise is a small river in southern Île - de - France ( France ) , left tributary of the Yvette , which is a tributary of the Orge .
College Street United Church is a United Church of Canada church at the corner of College and Bathurst Streets in Toronto , Canada .
Trufultruful River ( also spelled Truful - Truful ) is a river located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile .
The 3 October Festival ( Dutch : 3 Oktober Feest or simply 3 Oktober ) is a festival in Leiden , Netherlands , held annually on that date ( or on 4 October if it falls on a Sunday ) since 1886 .
Ghazi Nara is a scenic and tourist hillside settlement near Jhelum City in the Punjab province of Pakistan approximately 15 km from Dina and 10 km from Khukha .
The Shaftesbury Memorial Fountain is located at the southeastern side of Piccadilly Circus in London , United Kingdom .
Zlakusa ( Serbian Cyrillic : Злакуса ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .
Mount Waddington , once known as Mystery Mountain , is the highest peak in the Coast Mountains of British Columbia , Canada .
Ulleråker Hundred , or Ulleråkers härad , was a hundred of Uppland and Uppsala County in Sweden .
Matemale ( Catalan : Matamala ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Eagle Boys has more than 160 stores throughout Australia , particularly in regional areas .
Hoetmar ( German pronunciation : ( ˈhoːtmar ) ) is a village that is located in North - Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammad Qobadi ( Persian : مزرعه محمدقبادي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammad Qobādī ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 22 , in 5 families .
Pattensen , Turkeyen ( Sophia ) is an area of Georgetown , Guyana .
Lahelle is a village and statistical area ( grunnkrets ) in Sandefjord municipality , Norway .
Ali Bolagh ( Persian : علي بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Bolāgh ; also known as `` Ālī Bolāghī ) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 114 , in 21 families .
Delta City is a brand of shopping center , with malls in Belgrade , Serbia and Podgorica , Montenegro .
Albanifriedhof is a cemetery in Göttingen , Germany just outside the city wall to the southeast .
Agios Ioannis Malountas ( Greek : Άγιος Ιωάννης ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 5 km north of Malounta .
Tseretsel is a village in Svoge Municipality , Sofia Province , western Bulgaria .
The Yapacaní River is a river of Bolivia , part of the Amazon River basin ..
The Badia delle Sante Flora e Lucilla or Abbey of Saints Flora e Lucilla is a Medieval abbey in Arezzo , Tuscany , Italy .
The Saghmosavank ( Armenian : Սաղմոսավանք , lit . `` monastery of the Psalms '' ) is a 13th - century Armenian monastic complex located in the village of Saghmosavan in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
The Murder of Yaron and Efrat Ungar was a shooting attack on June 9 , 1996 , during which two Palestinian gunmen killed Yaron and Efrat Ungar as they drove on a road between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv , Israel near Beit Shemesh .
Idaotsa is a village in Viimsi Parish , Harju County in northern Estonia , on the island of Prangli .
Rafaela Aerodrome ( Spanish : Aeródromo de Rafaela ) is a small airport near Rafaela , a city in the Santa Fe Province of Argentina .
Polanów ( pɔˈlanuf ) ( German : Pollnow ) is a town in Poland , in West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in Koszalin County .
Cerklje ob Krki Airport ( Slovene : Letališče Cerklje ob Krki ) is the only military airport in Slovenia , and a civilian airport .
Huechulafquen Lake ( Spanish pronunciation : ( wetʃuˈlafken ) ) is a lake in Neuquén Province , Patagonian Argentina .
The Tödi ( 3,614 metres ) , or Piz Russein , is the highest mountain in the Glarus Alps and the highest summit in the canton of Glarus , Switzerland .
Casa Tait is a historic house in Porto , Portugal .
Kazimierz Biskupi ( kaˈʑimjɛʂ bisˈkupi ) is a village in Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
It has one of the United Kingdom 's few concrete towers , the Heaton Park BT Tower .
Cartaxo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kɐɾˈtaʃu ) ) is a municipality in the district of Santarém in continental Portugal .
Jukajärvi is a lake in the Finnish municipality of Juva located in the province of Eastern Finland .
Alise - Sainte - Reine ( Alise - Ste - Reine ) is a commune in the Côte - d'Or department in the Burgundy region of eastern France .
Connex Melbourne was a wholly owned subsidiary of Veolia Environnement , which had a franchise from the State Government of Victoria to operate all suburban passenger rail services in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Jalgaon ( ) is a city in western India , to the north of the Maharashtra state in Jalgaon District , which itself is located on the northern Deccan Plateau .
Selo pri Radohovi Vasi ( pronounced ( ˈsɛːlɔ pɾi ˈɾaːdɔxɔʋi ˈʋaːsi ) ; Slovene : Selo pri Radohovi vasi , German : Selo bei Sankt Paul ) is a small settlement north of Radohova Vas in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Akçaabat Sebatspor , also known as A. Sebatspor is a Turkish football club located in the Akçaabat district of Trabzon , Turkey .
1 Spinningfields ( formerly 1 Hardman Square ) is a 90 m office tower currently under construction in the Spinningfields district of Manchester city centre , Manchester in the United Kingdom .
Orroral River , a perennial stream of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the Australian Capital Territory , Australia .
Echtenerbrug ( West Frisian : Ychtenbrêge ) is a small village in De Friese Meren in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Kanchanaphisek Bridge ( Thai : สะพานกาญจนาภิเษก ) is a cable stayed bridge crossing the Chao Phraya river in Samut Prakan Province , Thailand .
The Corsica national football team ( Corsican : Squadra Corsa di Balò ) is the unofficial football team for the island of Corsica , France .
The Håga mound ( Hågahögen ) or King Björn 's Mound ( Kung Björns hög ) is a large Nordic Bronze Age tumulus in the western outskirts of Uppsala , Sweden .
Habo Municipality ( Swedish : Habo kommun ) is a municipality in Jönköping County , southern Sweden , where the locality of Habo is seat .
NTUC Downtown East is an entertainment hub located in Pasir Ris , Singapore .
Sdot Micha ( Hebrew : שְׂדוֹת מִיכָה , lit . Micha Fields ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Clear Grits were reformers in the Canada West district of the Province of United Canada , a British colony that is now the Province of Ontario , Canada .
Ciuc Mountains ( Romanian Munții Ciucului , Hungarian Csíki - havasok ) are a mid - high range of mountains of Harghita County in Transylvania , Romania .
Gmina Dobrodzień , German Gemeinde Guttentag is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Andagala ( 7 ° 22'N 80 ° 30'E ) is a village in Sri Lanka .
Mazraeh - ye Sib ( Persian : مزرعه سيب‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Sīb ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 80 , in 14 families .
Břidličná ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbr̝ɪdlɪtʃnaː ) ; formerly Frýdlant nad Moravicí , German : Friedland an der Mohra ) is a town in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic about 12 km southeast of Bruntál .
Fish Hoek ( Afrikaans : Vishoek , meaning either Fish Corner or Fish Glen ) is a coastal town at the eastern end of the Fish Hoek Valley on the False Bay side of the Cape Peninsula in Cape Town , South Africa .
Sucevița Monastery is an Eastern Orthodox convent situated in the Northeastern part of Romania .
Castello della Manta is a castle at Manta near Saluzzo , Province of Cuneo , region of Piedmont , in ( northern Italy ) .
Arena México is an indoor arena in Mexico City , Mexico , located in the Colonia Doctores neighborhood in the Cuauhtémoc borough .
Cova Rodela ( Cape Verdean Creole : Kuva Rodela ) , is a village in the middle of the island of Brava , Cape Verde .
Timaru Boys ' High School ( also known as TBHS ) , established in 1880 , is a single sex state ( public ) secondary school located in the port city of Timaru , South Canterbury , New Zealand .
Uia di Ciamarella or just Ciamarella ( 3,676 m ) is a mountain on the border between France and Italy .
Zielona Góra County ( Polish : powiat zielonogórski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lubusz Voivodeship , western Poland .
Parzel Express is a courier and logistics company based in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Práznovce is a municipality in the Topoľčany District of the Nitra Region , Slovakia .
Dosariyah is an archeological site in the Eastern Province , Saudi Arabia , dating to the late 6th and early 5th millennium BCE .
Rathcroghan ( Irish : Ráth Cruachan , meaning `` fort of Cruachan '' ) is a complex of archaeological sites near Tulsk in County Roscommon , Ireland .
Jarjouh is a village in Lebanon , located in the Nabatieh District , Nabatieh Governorate .
Aregnadem ( Armenian : Արեգնադեմ ; formerly Azizbekov and Karachanta , Azerbaijani : Qaraçanta ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
The Penchala River ( Malay : Sungai Penchala ) is a river in Selangor , Malaysia .
Kemekem ( also known as Libo Kemekem ) is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
Afshan ( Persian : افشان‎ , also Romanized as Afshān ; also known as Afshār ) is a village in Ashar Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The New Social Democratic Party ( Macedonian : Нова социјалдемократска Партија , Nova socijaldemokratska partija , NSDP ) is a centre - left social democratic party in the Republic of Macedonia .
The Municipality of Miklavž na Dravskem Polju ( Slovene : Občina Miklavž na Dravskem polju ) is a small municipality in northeastern Slovenia .
Stoplin ( ˈstɔplin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chirkey ( Russian : Чиркей ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Buynaksky District of the Republic of Dagestan , Russia .
Kanekal ( Telugu : కనేకల్ ) is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Sisice ( ɕiˈɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Veliki Greben ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велики Гребен , meaning `` great ridge '' ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia , near the town of Donji Milanovac .
The Isolino di San Giovanni is a small island belonging to the Borromean group of Lake Maggiore , one of the main subalpine lakes of northern Italy .
Silice ( ɕiˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pirdop ( Bulgarian : Пирдоп ) is a town located in South - West Bulgaria in Pirdop Municipality of Sofia Province in the southeastern part of the Zlatitsa - Pirdop Valley at 670 m above sea level .
Sondrio railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Sondrio ) serves the town and comune of Sondrio , in the region of Lombardy , northern Italy .
Qaleh - ye Najaf Ali Khan ( Persian : قلعه نجفعلي خان‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Najaf `` Alī Khān ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 376 , in 86 families .
Gành Hào is a township ( Thị trấn ) and town and capital of Đông Hải District , Bạc Liêu Province , in south - western Vietnam .
The 1st arrondissement of Lyon , France is one of the nine arrondissements of the City of Lyon .
Dabgram is a small industrial hamlet near Siliguri in the Jalpaiguri district of West Bengal , India .
Povarskaya Street ( Russian : Поварская улица ) , known from 1924 - 1991 as Vorovsky Street ( улица Воровского ) , is a radial street in the center of Moscow , Russia , connecting Arbat Square on Boulevard Ring with Kudrinskaya Square on the Garden Ring .
Slovenské Nové Mesto ( Hungarian : Újhely , Kisújhely or Szlovákújhely ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south - eastern Slovakia .
Črmošnjice pri Stopičah ( pronounced ( tʃəɾmɔʃˈnjiːtsɛ pɾi ˈstoːpitʃax ) ) is a settlement south of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Ptujska Gora ( German : Maria Neustift ) is a village in the Municipality of Majšperk in northeastern Slovenia .
Breznica pri Žireh ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːznitsa pɾi ʒiˈɾeːx ) ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kolarić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Коларић ) is a village in Croatia .
Hromitsa ( Bulgarian : Хромица ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Nikine is a village in Kabrousse , Diembéring , Oussouye , Ziguinchor , Casamance , Senegal , most residents are from the fulas and the population is in decline .
Gorgi Dar ( Persian : گرگيدر‎ , also Romanized as Gorgī Dar and Gorgīdar ) is a village in Badr Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Vroisha or Frodisia ( Greek : Βροΐσια ( ˈvro.iʃa ) or Φρόδισια ; Turkish : Vroişa or Yağmuralan ) is a deserted village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , in the Paphos Forest .
Dunk Island is an island within the Cassowary Coast Region , Queensland , Australia .
The Esplanade of the European Parliament , or simply the mall , with its most representative part Solidarność 1980 Esplanade , ( French : L'esplanade du Parlement européen , or le mail , Dutch : Esplanade van het Europees Parlement ) is a pedestrian mall in Brussels ( Belgium ) , completed in 2002 .
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Museum ( Chinese : 東華三院文物館 ) is a museum housed in the former Main Hall Building of Kwong Wah Hospital , located at 25 Waterloo Road , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Bagh Pishgah ( Persian : باغ پيشگاه‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Pīshgāh ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Universidad Juárez Autónoma de Tabasco ( Juárez Autonomous University of Tabasco , also known as UJAT ) is a public institution of higher learning located in Villahermosa , Tabasco , Mexico .
Kozárovce ( Hungarian : Garamkovácsi ) is an old village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
Kalateh - ye Rezaqoli ( Persian : كلاته رضاقلي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Reẕāqolī ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Trondheim Trafikkselskap or TT was the city public transport company for Trondheim , Norway between 1974 and 2001 .
The Kingbridge Centre is a conference venue and communications facility in King City , Ontario , Canada .
Çeşme ( ˈtʃeʃme ) is a coastal town and the administrative centre of the district of the same name in Turkey 's westernmost end , on a promontory on the tip of the peninsula which also carries the same name and which extends inland to form a whole with the wider Karaburun Peninsula .
Chiquirines is an ancient Pre - Columbian archaeological site , located in the modern - day Retalhuleu Department , Guatemala .
The Emirate of Abu Dhabi ( /ˌæbuː ˈdɑːbi/ , /ˌɑː-/ , or /-ˈdæ-/ ; Arabic : إمارة أبو ظبي‎ Imārat Abū Ẓaby , pronounced ( ʔabuː ˈðˤɑbi ) ) , is one of seven Emirates that constitute the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Borika ( Serbian : Борика ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Old Al Ghanim is a settlement in Qatar , located in the municipality of Ad Dawhah .
Hrast pri Vinici ( pronounced ( ˈxɾaːst pɾi ˈʋiːnitsi ) ; German : Hrast bei Weinitz ) is a village north of Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Blåvandshuk is a headland on the North Sea coast of Jutland northwest of Esbjerg , and is the westernmost point of metropolitan Denmark .
Chełmno nad Nerem ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈxɛu̯mnɔ ˌnad ˈnɛrɛm ) ; `` Chełmno on the Ner river '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Di Baglu ( Persian : ديبگلو‎ , also Romanized as Dī Baglū ; also known as Dabakloo , Debaglū , Debaklū , Debīglū , Dībaklū , Dībeklū , Ţebāqlī , and Tibagli ) is a village in Mavazekhan - e Shomali Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Salmanlu ( Persian : سلمانلو‎ , also Romanized as Salmānlū ; also known as Salmālu , Salman , and Salmānū ) is a village in Mojezat Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Surman National Park or Sirman National Park is a national park of Libya .
Kręczków ( ˈkrɛnt͡ʂkuf ) ( German : Lindenbrunn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hestad Chapel ( Norwegian : Hestad kapell ) is a chapel in Gaular Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
THSR Tainan Station ( 高鐵台南站 ) is a Taiwan High Speed Rail station located in Guiren District , Tainan City , Taiwan .
The Denham Suspension Bridge , also known as the Garraway Stream Bridge is a railway bridge in Guyana linking Mahdia to Bartica .
Sviatohirsk ( Ukrainian : Святогі́рськ ) or Svyatogorsk ( Russian : Святого́рск ) is a town in Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine .
Napier Road is situated in the city of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan and is named after Charles Napier , the first British Governor of the Sindh province .
Boreczno ( bɔˈrɛt͡ʂnɔ ) ( German Schnellwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Mehgaon Nagar Panchayat has population of 21,335 of which 11,462 are males while 9,873 are females as per report released by Census India 2011 .
Ciudad de Nueva Cáceres ( English : City of Nueva Caceres ) was a former Spanish city in the Philippines .
Tarangire National Park is the sixth largest national park in Tanzania after Ruaha , Serengeti , Mikumi , Katavi and Mkomazi .
Suleki ( Persian : سولكي‎ , also Romanized as Sūlekī ; also known asSelūkī ) is a village in Sangan Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Esplanade Zagreb Hotel is a historic luxury hotel in Zagreb , Croatia .
The Vancouver Aquarium ( officially the Vancouver Aquarium Marine Science Centre ) is a public aquarium located in Stanley Park in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Pasundan became federal state of the United States of Indonesia in 1949 but was incorporated into the Republic of Indonesia ( itself also a constituent of the USI ) on 11 March 1950 .
Løkta Church ( Norwegian : Løkta kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county , Norway .
Sudbury Municipal Road 55 is a municipal road in the city of Greater Sudbury , Ontario , Canada .
The Abra River is the sixth largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size .
The Eerste Divisie `` 7 December '' or `` First Division 7 December '' was a division of the Royal Netherlands Army , active from at least 1946 to 2004 .
Ramcha ( Persian : رمچا‎ , also Romanized as Ramchā ; also known as Ramchāh and Rameh Chāh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Gulan - e Sofla ( Persian : گولان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gūlān - e Soflá ; also known as Gūlān - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Evangelical Folk High School of Kitee ( Finnish : Kiteen Evankelinen Kansanopisto ) is an adult school located in Kitee , Finland .
Vantaankoski railway station ( Finnish : Vantaankosken rautatieasema , Swedish : Vandaforsens järnvägsstation ) is a Helsinki commuter rail station located in Vantaa , Finland .
Sternwarte Bülach is an observatory near Bülach , Canton of Zurich , Switzerland .
The Federal Territory Mosque or Masjid Wilayah Persekutuan is a major mosque in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Reksteren Church ( Norwegian : Reksteren kirke ) is a parish church in Tysnes municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Hadaftimo ( Somali : Hadaaftimo ) is an historic town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Hollnich near Kastellaun is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde , a kind of collective municipality -- in the Rhein - Hunsrück - Kreis ( district ) in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Avalan ( Persian : اوالان‎ , also Romanized as Āvālān ; also known as Āvlān and Odālān ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Muru is a river in Jotunheimen in southern Norway .
Magnetity ( Russian : Магнетиты ) is a rural locality ( a railway station ) under the administrative jurisdiction of the urban - type settlement of Kildinstroy in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle .
The Hüttenstollen , also Straßberger Hüttenstollen , was the central drainage adit in the Straßberg mining field and was also part of the Lower Harz Pond and Ditch System in the Harz Mountains of Germany .
Barangay Upper Bicutan ( PSGC : 137 607 015 ) is one of twenty - eight villages of Taguig City in Metro Manila in the Philippines .
SL ferries ( short for Swedish Skandinavisk Linjetrafik or Scandinavian Line Traffic ) was a shipping line that operated with car ferries in the central part of Øresund , between Copenhagen , Port of Tuborg , Zealand , Denmark and Landskrona , Scania , Sweden .
Aumale , formerly known as Albemarle , is a commune in the Seine - Maritime department in the Haute - Normandie region in north - western France .
Erkelenz is a town in the Rhineland in western Germany that lies 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) southwest of Mönchengladbach on the northern edge of the Cologne Lowland , halfway between the Lower Rhine region and the Lower Meuse .
Riex is a former municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland , located in the district of Lavaux - Oron .
Bab Al - Sharqi is a neighborhood of central Baghdad , Iraq .
Etrek District is a district ( estrap ) in Balkan Province , Turkmenistan .
Městec Králové ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɲɛstɛts ˈkraːlovɛː ) ; German : Königstadtl ) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
The Great Man - Made River ( GMR , النهر الصناعي العظيم ) is a network of pipes that supplies water to the Sahara in Libya , from the Nubian Sandstone Aquifer System fossil aquifer .
The Amakusa coalfield exists of a group of coal mines in the main island of Amakusa , Kumamoto , Japan .
Porvoo ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈporʋoː ) ; Swedish : Borgå ( ˈbɔrɡo ) ) is a city and a municipality situated on the southern coast of Finland approximately 50 kilometres ( 30 mi ) east of Helsinki .
TransGeraldton is a system of bus transport in Geraldton , Western Australia .
The Public Works Construction Act was enacted in 1934 by the Parliament of Canada , provided $ 40 million in assistance during the Great Depression .
Störmthal is a village , part of Großpösna in the Leipzig district in Saxony , Germany .
The Imperial Camel Corps Memorial is an outdoor sculpture commemorating the Imperial Camel Corps , located in Victoria Embankment Gardens , on the Thames Embankment to the east of Charing Cross station , in London , United Kingdom .
Noratus ( Armenian : Նորատուս ; also Romanized as Noraduz ) is a major and historical village in the Gegharkunik province of Armenia , near the town of Gavar .
The University of Beira Interior ( Universidade da Beira Interior or UBI for short ) is a public university located in the city of Covilhã , Portugal .
Dangiwacha is a small town located in district Baramulla district , of Kashmir region , India .
Peckfitz is a village and a former municipality in the district Altmarkkreis Salzwedel , in the northwest of Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Steinwald is a mountain range up to 946 m above sea level ( NN ) in southern Germany and , at the same time , a nature park ( Steinwald Nature Park ) founded in 1970 with an area of 246 square kilometres ( 95 sq mi ) in the province of Upper Palatinate , in North Bavaria .
Bird Island Airport ( IATA : BDI , ICAO : FSSB ) is located on Bird Island in the Seychelles .
In today 's times , the Vermandois county would fall in the Picardy region of northern France .
The Bas Saharan Basin ( Arabic : وادي بس صحران‎ ) is an artesian aquifer system which covers most of the Algerian and Tunisian Sahara and extends to Morocco and Libya , enclosing the whole of the Grand Erg Oriental .
Mont Poupet is mountain the Jura Mountains , Franche - Comté , eastern France .
The Oostvaardersplassen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( oːstˈfaːrdərsˌplɑsə(n ) ) ) is a nature reserve in the Netherlands , which is managed by the State Forestry Service .
Rockland District High School ( other common names are RDHS and RD ) is a secondary school in Rockland , Ontario , Canada .
Saxon Switzerland - East Ore Mountains ( German : Sächsische Schweiz - Osterzgebirge ; Czech : Saské Švýcarsko a východní Krušné hory ) is a district ( Kreis ) in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Razliv railway station ( Russian : Ста́нция Разли́в ) is a railway station located near to Lake Razliv which is in the territory of Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Županje Njive ( pronounced ( ʒu'paːnjɛ ˈnjiːʋɛ ) ; German : Supaineniwe ) is a settlement on the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Bani Israel Graveyard is the only Jewish cemetery in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
The Ospedale Maggiore , traditionally named Ca ' Granda ( i.e. Big House ) , is a building in the center of Milan , northern Italy , constructed to house one of the first community hospitals , the largest such undertaking of the fifteenth century .
Oulu was founded on April 8 , 1605 , by King Charles IX of Sweden , opposite the fort built on the island of Linnansaari .
Batuša ( Cyrillic : Батуша ) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gaoua is a market town in southern Burkina Faso known for its superstitious values and customs .
The Ložnica ( pronounced ( lɔˈʒniːtsa ) ) is a river in Slovenia , a left tributary of the Savinja in Celje .
The Strand ( also known as Strand Hotel ) is a Victorian - style hotel located in Yangon , Myanmar ( Burma ) , built by Aviet and Tigran Sarkie , two of the Sarkies Brothers .
The Caldwell First Nation ( also known as Chippewas of Pelee ) is a First Nations band government whose land base is located in Leamington , Ontario , Canada .
Çınarcık Dam is a rock - fill dam on the Orhaneli River about 30 km ( 19 mi ) east of Mustafakemalpaşa in Bursa Province , Turkey .
Jolly Grant Airport , ( IATA : DED , ICAO : VIDN ) also known as Dehradun Airport , is a domestic airport located about 22 km ( 12 nmi ; 14 mi ) southeast of Dehradun , Uttarakhand , India .
Pierwój ( ˈpjɛrvui̯ ) ( German : Pierwoy ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Baekdeoksan is a mountain that sits between the counties of Yeongwol and Pyeongchang , Gangwon - do in South Korea .
Grinda is an island located in the Stockholm archipelago , Sweden .
SMA Negeri 1 Purwakarta is a school in Purwakarta , Jawa Barat , Indonesia .
Collège des Grands - Lacs ( English , College of the Great Lakes ) was a francophone College of Applied Arts and Technology in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Satalmush ( Persian : ساتالمیش‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Jarzębowo ( jaʐɛmˈbɔvɔ ) ( German Jarmbow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Cerro Tristeza lies within the coastal state of Sucre , Venezuela , near the border with the Venezuelan state of Anzoátegui .
Sheikh Maqsood ( Arabic : الشيخ مقصود‎ , Kurdish : Şêxmeqsûd‎ ) , sometimes spelled al - Sheikh Maqsoud , Maqsud or Maksud , is a neighborhood in the city of Aleppo , Syria .
Hakimpura is a small village in Charthaval block in India , having a population of three thousand people , was established by Hakim Sadaruddin , the famous raees and zamindar of the area in late 18th century .
As of 2001 India census , the town of Ulundurpet had a population of 19,251 .
Lake Jasybay ( Kazakh : Жасыбай , alternately Zhasybay ) is a lake located in Kazakhstan 's Bayanaul National Park , about 85 miles south of Ekibastuz , in southeastern Pavlodar Region .
Seacrow Islet is a small island with an area of 1.56 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Alian District ( Chinese : 阿蓮區 ; pinyin : Ālián Qū ; Wade -- Giles : A1-lien2 Ch'ü1 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : A - lian - khu ) is a rural district in Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
In 1998 the Basilica of Notre - Dame du Port was added to the UNESCO World Heritage list as part of the Routes of Santiago de Compostela in France .
Hajiqabul ( also known as Hajigabul and Adzhikabul ) is a town and municipality in and the capital of Hajigabul District of Azerbaijan .
Neerim District Secondary College is a small rural high school located in Neerim South , Baw Baw , Victoria , Australia .
Pabaiskas is a small town in Ukmergė district of Vilnius County , Lithuania , 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) south - west of Ukmergė , with 249 inhabitants .
Krotoszyn ( krɔˈtɔʂɨn ) ( German : Krotoschin , Yiddish : קארטשין Kortshin ) is a town in central Poland with 30,010 inhabitants as of 2005 .
The 1992 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les XVIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) , were a winter multi - sport event celebrated from 8 to 23 February 1992 in Albertville , France .
Kozłowy Staw ( kɔˈzwɔvɨ ˈstaf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Dayton Agreement provided Vogošća to be a part of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Waterton - Glacier International Peace Park is the union of the Waterton Lakes National Park in Canada and the Glacier National Park in the United States .
Inglis Street is a street on the Halifax Peninsula in the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia , Canada .
Kangalli Station is a railway station in Kangal - li , Onsŏng County , North Hamgyŏng , North Korea , on the Hambuk Line of the Korean State Railway .
Popeye Village , also known as Sweethaven Village , is a group of rustic and ramshackle wooden buildings located at Anchor Bay in the north - west corner of the Mediterranean island of Malta , two miles from the village of Mellieħa .
The Schrammacher is 4 km north - northwest of the Pfitscherjoch ( on the border of Italy and Austria ) and 4 kilometers west of the Schlegeis reservoir at the head of the Zillertal .
Feldkirchen bei Mattighofen is a municipality in the Braunau am Inn district in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
Ovčjak ( pronounced ( ɔu̯ˈtʃaːk ) ; German : Schäflein ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
The Joint Mathematical Council ( JMC ) of the United Kingdom was formed in 1963 to ' provide co - ordination between the Constituent Societies and generally to promote the advancement of mathematics and the improvement of the teaching of mathematics ' .
Breamlea , Victoria , Australia , is a secluded seaside hamlet located on the south coast of the Bellarine Peninsula , 18 kilometres south of Geelong and halfway between Barwon Heads and Torquay .
Suchdol nad Lužnicí ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈsuɣdol ˈnadluʒɲɪtsiː ) ) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Tërkuzë is a river in western Albania , a source river of the Gjole .
Nienstedten is a quarter in the city of Hamburg , Germany .
Bílina ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbiːlɪna ) ; German : Bilin ) is a town in the Teplice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
The Central University for Tibetan Studies ( CUTS ) ( Tibetan : ཝ་ཎ་མཐོ་སློབ , Wylie : wa Na mtho slob ) , originally called Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies ( CIHTS ) , is a university institute founded in Sarnath , Varanasi , India , in 1967 , as an autonomous organisation under Union Ministry of Culture .
Suerte River ( other names include Caño de La Suerte , Rio Suerte , Río La Suerte ) is a river of Costa Rica .
The Nasib Border Crossing ( Arabic : مركز نصيب الحدودي‎ ) is an international border crossing between Syria and Jordan .
Viqueque ( Tetum : Vikeke ) is a city in the south - east of East Timor , 183 km from Dili , the national capital .
The Lord of Sipán ( El Señor de Sipán ) is the name given to the first of several Moche mummies found at Huaca Rajada , Sipán , Peru by archaeologist Walter Alva .
Club de Regatas Corrientes , usually just Regatas Corrientes , is a sports club of Corrientes , Argentina , located on the river side of the Paraná river .
Aminpur is a city of Faisalabad District situated at the boundary of Faisalabad district and the Chiniot District of Punjab province in Pakistan .
Vara Blanca is a small village located between Poas Volcano and Barva Volcano in Heredia Province in Costa Rica .
The Leonardo da Vinci Engineering School ( ESILV ) is a five - year engineering school in Paris , France .
XHEXA - FM is a Spanish & English Top 40 ( CHR ) radio station that serves Mexico City and states surrounding the federal district .
Saddlers is a town in Saint John Capesterre Parish , Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Paul Kane High School ( PKHS ) is a high school in St. Albert , Alberta , Canada and is part of St. Albert Public Schools .
The Kings soldiered on and released the EP R.S.V.P and the live album Party Live ' 85 on their own Dizzy label , while continuing to tour Canada and the US throughout the remainder of the 1980s .
The Greater Amman Municipality ( Arabic : أمانة عمان الكبرى‎ ) is a municipality ( amanah ) located in the Amman Governorate of Jordan .
Oruj Alilu ( Persian : اروج عليلو‎ , also Romanized as Orūj `` Alīlū ) is a village in Angut - e Sharqi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 131 , in 30 families .
Interamna Lirenas was an ancient Roman colony near the current Pignataro Interamna , in the southern province of Frosinone , central Italy .
The Loe ( Cornish : An Logh ) , also known as Loe Pool , is the largest natural freshwater lake ( 50 hectares ( 120 acres ) ) in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Switzerland 's Schule für Gestaltung Basel ( Basel School of Design ) at the Allgemeine Gewerbeschule and its students have influenced the international graphic design community since it opened in 1968 .
Kisar Varzal ( Persian : كيسارورزل‎ , also Romanized as Kīsār Varzal and Keysārvarzal ) is a village in Lakan Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Puksoozero ( Russian : Пуксоозеро ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , located 22.2 kilometers ( 13.8 mi ) southeast of Plesetsk , on Lake Puksoozero , at the source of the Puksa River , the left tributary of the Mekhrenga .
The Canadian Business Hall of Fame celebrates the outstanding achievements of Canada 's most distinguished business leaders , past and present .
Haput ( also , Hapıt , Chagadzhik Gaput , Gapyt , Khapit , and Khaput ) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The THF Sport Hall ( Turkish : THF Spor Salonu ) is an indoor arena for handball matches located in Ankara , Turkey .
On May 3 , 2011 , the station received approval to continue the operation of CJLV , as well as approving the sale of the station to 7590474 Canada , a numbered company controlled by Radio Humsafar Inc. In 2013 , CJLV changed its branding once again to AM 1570 , with the tagline Succès absolus .
Faculty of Veterinary Medicine & Animal Science , University of Peradeniya is one of the eight faculties of University of Peradeniya and the only institution that trains veterinary surgeons in Sri Lanka .
Kaniyu Onsen is a hot spring in Kaniyu , Japan .
Espoon Oilers is a floorball team from Espoo , Finland .
Medina - Sidonia is a city and municipality in the province of Cádiz in the autonomous community of Andalusia , southern Spain .
The National Festival of Polish Song in Opole ( Polish : Krajowy Festiwal Piosenki Polskiej w Opolu , KFPP ) is an annual music festival in Opole , Poland .
Guardamar del Segura ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˌɡwaɾðaˈmaɾ ðeɫ seˈɣuɾa ) ) or briefly Guardamar is a municipality of the province of Alicante located at the mouth of the river Segura in southern Valencia ( autonomous community ) , Spain .
Bonal Bird Sanctuary sometimes spelled as Bohnal Bird Sanctuary ( Kannada : ಬೋನಾಳ ಪಕ್ಷಿ ಧಾಮ ) is bird sanctuary and wetland near Bonal village in the Shorapur taluk of Yadgir district in Karnataka state , India .
Radio Dunedin is a radio station , broadcasting from Dunedin , New Zealand on 1305 AM and online .
Yavaros is a fishing ports of Sonora state in Mexico and is one of six ports within the state .
San Fabián de Conueo a fort four kilometers south of the town of Rafael , Chile .
Lachuá Lake is a Karstic lake in Guatemala .
Until the splitting at the beginning of 1973 , 59 Esso Motor Hotels were opened : 27 in Sweden , 3 in Norway , 2 in Denmark , 3 in the Netherlands , 3 in Italy , 8 in the United Kingdom , 1 in Austria , 10 in Germany and 2 in Belgium .
After a 1944 United States Mexico Treaty the Morelos Dam was built in 1950 across the Colorado River .
Sauble Falls Provincial Park is located in the community of Sauble Falls , town of South Bruce Peninsula , Bruce County in southwestern Ontario , Canada .
Metiskow is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Provost No . 52 .
Otočec ( pronounced ( ɔˈtoːtʃəts ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Many Italians from the town of Maierato set sail for the American East Coast , in hope to find work to provide for their families , as Southern Italy had been quite impoverished at the time .
As per 2011 Census of India Sijhua had a population of 4,376 , of which 2,275 were males and 2,101 females .
Ambewela is a small town , or a hill station , located in the Nuwara Eliya District of Sri Lanka .
Jairampur cemetery is a World War II cemetery in Arunachal Pradesh , India .
Bilsport ( meaning Autosport in English ) is an automobile magazine published in Karlskrona , Sweden .
Øksendal Church ( Norwegian : Øksendal kirke ) is a parish church in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Parcheqli ( Persian : پارچقلي‎ , also Romanized as Pārcheqlī ; also known as Pārcheqlī - ye Bālā and Pālcheqlī - ye Bālā ) is a village in Golidagh Rural District , Golidagh District , Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Ruda Kameralna ( ˈruda kamɛˈralna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Vidstrup station is a railway station serving the village of Vidstrup in Vendsyssel , Denmark .
Orta Yeməzli ( also , Orta Yemazlu and Orta Yemezli ) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Gothenburg City Theatre opened in 1934 at Götaplatsen square in Gothenburg , Sweden .
La Françonne is a creek situated north of Mirabel - aux - Baronnies in France , department Drôme , and to the east of the former Jewish quarter called les Josiols .
Hagnau am Bodensee is a commune and a village in the district of Bodensee in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
Paygah - e Roodmahi ( Persian : پایگاه رودماهی ‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lokhandwala Complex , Andheri , also known as Lokhandwala , is a large residential and commercial suburb in Mumbai , India .
Carracedelo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( karaθeˈðelo ) ) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo ( province of León , Castile and León , Spain ) .
San Giacomo degli Italiani ( once the church of San Giacomo dei Pisani ) is a church located on Via Depretis in Naples , Italy .
Mouza Adlana is a town of Bhawana City a tehsil of Chiniot District of Punjab province of Pakistan .
Šemenovci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Шеменовци ) is a village in the municipality of Kupres , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Cham Bur - e Farkhinvand ( Persian : چم بورفرخينوند‎ , also Romanized as Cham Būr - e Farkhīnvand ; also known as Cham Būr and Chambūr ) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District , Zagros District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Gmina Polska Cerekiew , German Gemeinde Groß Neukirch is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Kędzierzyn - Koźle County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Chayalode is a ward situated in the central Travancore region in the state of Kerala , south India .
Kalateh - ye Shanastar ( Persian : كلاته شنستر‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Shanastar ) is a village in Kah Rural District , Davarzan District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sorsor ( also , Sor - sor ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Leirvík ( Danish : Lervig ) is a town on the Faroe Islands and was an important regional ferry harbour at the east coast of the second largest island Eysturoy .
Neowiz Games ( Korean : 네오위즈게임즈 ) is an online game publisher in South Korea , with its own game portal , Pmang , publishing and servicing 41 diverse games of various genres , from sport to web board games .
The Memorial Sea - Hawks are the athletic teams that represent Memorial University of Newfoundland in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Bielefeld Opera is the venue of Städtische Bühnen Bielefeld ( Municipal Theatre Bielefeld ) in Bielefeld , Germany .
Lough Gur ( Irish : Loch Gair ) is a lake in County Limerick , Ireland between the towns of Herbertstown and Bruff .
Hopkins Island is an island located in Spencer Gulf off the east coast of Jussieu Peninsula on Eyre Peninsula in South Australia approximately 32 km ( 20 mi ) south - east of Port Lincoln .
The Digital Education Revolution ( DER ) was an Australian Government funded educational reform program , promised by then Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd during the launch of his 2007 Australian federal election campaign in Brisbane .
The Belovo Basilica ( Bulgarian : Беловска базилика , Belovska bazilika ) is a large partially preserved Christian basilica from Late Antiquity near the village of Golyamo Belovo in Belovo Municipality , Pazardzhik Province , southwestern Bulgaria .
Joub Jannine ( Arabic : جب جنين‎ / ALA - LC : Jub Jannīn ) is located in the Beqaa Valley in Lebanon .
Mangde Chhu or Tongsa river flows in central Bhutan traversing roughly north - south .
Derhachi ( Ukrainian : Дергачі , Russian : Дeргaчи , translit . Dergachi ) is a city in the Kharkiv Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine .
The Gorgol River is a river of southern Mauritania that is a tributary of the Sénégal River .
Chortkiv ( Ukrainian : Чортків ; Polish : Czortków ; Yiddish : טשאָרטקאָוו‎ Chortkov ) is a city in Ternopil Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
La Alcaidesa is a residential and commercial seaside resort near Sotogrande , Spain ( within the municipalities of La Línea de la Concepción and San Roque ) , in the Andalusian province of Cádiz .
Šmarčna ( pronounced ( ˈʃmaːɾtʃna ) ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Gombišče ( pronounced ( ɡɔmˈbiːʃtʃɛ ) ; in older sources also Gumbišče , German : Gumbische ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
The Saihangol mine is a mine located in the north of Mongolia .
Waqwaqucha ( Quechua waqwa , waqu , mayu sunsu black - crowned night heron ( Nycticorax nycticorax hoacli gmel ) , qucha lake , `` night heron lake '' , hispanicized spellings Huajhuacocha , Huaj Huacocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region , Quispicanchi Province , Quiquijana District .
Alifeira ( Greek : Αλίφειρα ) is a mountain village and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece .
Polytechnic Lavoslav Ružička Vukovar or VELVUK ( Croatian : Veleučilište Lavoslav Ružička u Vukovaru ) is a polytechnic situated in Vukovar , Croatia .
Ligowo ( liˈɡɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Huda Jama ( pronounced ( ˈxuːda ˈjaːma ) , German : Hudajama ) is a settlement east of Laško in east - central Slovenia .
Haruj ( Arabic : هروج‎ ) is a large volcanic field spread across 45,000 km2 ( 17,000 sq mi ) in central Libya .
The Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron is a yacht club located in North Sydney , Australia in the suburb of Kirribilli .
Wójtówko ( vui̯ˈtufkɔ ) ( German : Voigtshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Presentation College , Chaguanas is a Roman Catholic secondary school in Chaguanas , Trinidad and Tobago and is the brother school of Presentation College , San Fernando .
The Adelaide University Union ( AUU ) is a student union at the University of Adelaide , South Australia .
The Lowendal Islands comprise an archipelago , with a total area of about 160 ha of land lying off the coast of Western Australia .
Febil Gav Sara ( Persian : فبيل گاوسرا‎ , also Romanized as Febīl Gāv Sarā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bivouac Felice Giordano is a refuge in the Alps in Aosta Valley , Italy .
Kalateh - ye Mian ( Persian : كلاته ميان‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Mīān ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pancha Rathas ( also known as Pandava Rathas ) is a monument complex at Mahabalipuram , on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal , in the Kancheepuram district of the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
The Kastraki Dam is an earth - fill embankment dam on the Achelous River near the village of Kastraki in Aitoloakarnania , Greece .
Rogacze - Kolonia ( rɔˈɡat͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) is the primary foreign and domestic intelligence agency of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan .
Mödling and Hinterbrühl Tram or Mödling and Hinterbrühl Local Railway ( German : Lokalbahn Mödling -- Hinterbrühl ) was an electric tramway in Austria , running 4.5 km ( 2.8 mi ) from Mödling to Hinterbrühl , in the southwest of Vienna .
The beach sector of Esmoriz is a common touristic go - to place in Portugal , and in a certain area also harbours the most luxurious houses in the city .
Armavir Radar Station ( Russian : Радиолокационная станция ( РЛС ) в Армавире ) is an early warning radar station near Armavir in Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Barikayi ( Persian : باريكايي‎ , also Romanized as Bārīkāyī ; also known as Bārīkā ) is a village in Gavork - e Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Misari Regatta is a boat racing track and park located in the neighborhood of Misa - dong in Hanam City , Gyeonggi Province , in the vicinity of 20 km east of Seoul , South Korea .
Çäçe is a town in southern Turkmenistan near the border with Iran .
Lake Galichskoye ( Russian : Галичское ) is a freshwater lake in the northern part of Kostroma Oblast , Russia that takes its name from the old town of Galich sitting on its south bank .
Lajpatpura is near Sagar in Madhya Pradesh state in India .
Toowoomba South State School was a primary school located in South Toowoomba in Queensland , Australia .
Shitab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شيتاب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mugarmun District , Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kutladampatti Falls is a waterfall located in the village of Kutladampatti near Vadipatti in Madurai district about 30 km ( 19 mi ) northwest of Madurai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Umeda ( 梅田 ) is a major commercial and business district in Kita - ku , Osaka , Japan , and the city 's main northern railway terminus ( Ōsaka Station , Umeda Station ) .
San Martin de Tor ( German : St. Martin in Thurn ; Italian : San Martino in Badia ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) northeast of the city of Bolzano .
Punta Prieta Airstrip is a public paved airstrip located South of Punta Prieta , Municipality of Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico , a small town located just in the middle of The Valle de los Cirios Protected Natural Area , beside the Federal Highway 1 .
Tongliao Airport is an airport in Tongliao , Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China ( IATA : TGO , ICAO : ZBTL ) .
Quimper ( French pronunciation : ​(kɛ̃.pɛʁ ) ; Breton : Kemper , Latin : Civitas Aquilonia or Corisopitum ) is a commune and capital of the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Træna Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Træna fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Træna in Nordland county , Norway .
Jedlińsk ( ˈjɛdliɲsk ) is a town in Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Spitskop Dam is an earth - fill type dam located on the Harts River in the Northern Cape Province north of the city of Kimberley in South Africa .
Jan Mayensfield ( ICAO : ENJA ) is an aerodrome serving Olonkinbyen in Jan Mayen , Norway .
Al Khuimat ( Arabic : الخويمات‎ ) is a village in the Jabal al Akhdar district of eastern Libya .
Bogra Zilla School ( Bengali : বগুড়া জিলা স্কুল ) is the oldest high school in the Bogra district of Bangladesh and one of the top - ranked schools in the country .
Sree Devi Kumari Women 's College , Kuzhithurai , Nesamony Memorial Christian College , Marthandam ( from 1964 to present ) run by the Kanyakumari Diocese of the Church of South India , Annai Velankanni College , Tholayavattam and Annammal Nursing college
Lormanje ( pronounced ( ˈloːɾmanjɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia .
Shatut ( Persian : شاتوت‎ , also Romanized as Shātūt ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Biblioteca Virtual Miguel de Cervantes ( abbreviated BVMC ; in English : Miguel de Cervantes Digital Library ( MCDL ) ) is a large - scale digital library project , hosted and maintained by the University of Alicante in Alicante , Spain .
Khamar Monastery ( Mongolian : Хамарын хийд , Khamar Khiid ) , founded in 1820 , was an important Red Hat sect Buddhist monastic , cultural , and education center in Mongolia 's Gobi Desert region until its destruction in 1937 .
Caazapá ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ka(a)saˈpa ) ) is a city in Paraguay , founded in 1607 , by Friar Luis de Bolaños .
Shëngjergj ( Albanian for Saint George ) is a village and a former municipality in the Tirana County , central Albania .
Antzitene or Anzitene ( Classical Armenian : Անձիտ Anjit , Greek : Ἀνζιτηνή ) was a region of the medieval Armenia c. 300 - -1000 , known in Armenian as Hanzith .
Stange Station ( Norwegian : Stange stasjon ) is located in Stange , Norway on the Dovrebanen .
La Singla ( 3,714 m ) ( also spelled La Sengla ) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps , located on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
Port Shepstone is situated on the mouth of the largest river on the south coast of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa , the Mzimkulu River ( the great home of all rivers ) .
Polentinos ( polenˈtinos ) is a municipality located in the province of Palencia , Castile and León , Spain .
Atimpoku is a small town in the Eastern Region of Ghana and located along the Volta River .
Białogórze ( bjawɔˈɡuʐɛ ) ( German : Lichtenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the German border .
Pic de la Pala Alta de Sarradé is a mountain of the Pyrenees , Catalonia , Spain .
Ain Arnat Airport ( IATA : QSF , ICAO : DAAS ) , also known as Sétif International Airport , is an airport near Sétif , Algeria .
Sartang - e Bozorg ( Persian : سرتنگ بزرگ‎ ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Khwai a small village of approximately 400 BaBukakhwe or River Bushmen located just outside Moremi Game Reserve in Northern Botswana .
Kiełczów ( ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Skarberget is a ferry port in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland , Norway .
Francis Point Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the southwest end of the Francis Peninsula , south of the community of Pender Harbour on the west side of the Sechelt Peninsula in the Sunshine Coast region .
Idrija ( pronounced ( ˈiːdɾija ) ; Italian and German : Idria ) is a town in western Slovenia .
Fash ( Persian : فش‎ ) is a village in Fash Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Episcopal Diocese of Kentucky is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America , encompassing the western half of the state of Kentucky .
The Port of Santos ( in Portuguese : Porto de Santos ) is located in the city of Santos , state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Zubački kabao ( Cyrillic : Зубачки кабао , pronounced ( zǔbatʃkiː kǎbaɔ ) ) is a mountain in Montenegro .
Holwerd is a village in the northern Netherlands , in the province of Friesland .
Romit ( Persian : رامیت ‎‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Bayview Glen School ( also known as Bayview Glen or BVG ) is a private school in Toronto , Canada established in 1962 .
Estadio El Madrigal ( Spanish pronunciation : ( el maðɾiˈɣal ) ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Vila - real ( Valencian Community ) , Spain , used since 1923 .
Zurich University of the Arts ( ZHdK , German : Zürcher Hochschule der Künste ) has approximately 2,500 students , which makes it the largest arts university in Switzerland .
The Bank Alfalah Mini Golf ( or Alfalah Mini Golf ) is a golf course in Lahore , Pakistan .
Zümürxan ( until 2008 , Zümürxaç and Zyumyurkhach ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tinquilco Lake is one of several lakes in Huerquehue National Park in the La Araucanía Region in southern Chile .
The Qaf - Buall mine is a large mine located in central Albania in Dibër County , 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) east of the capital , Tirana .
Bayezeh Mareh ( Persian : بايزه مره‎ , also Romanized as Bāyezeh Mareh ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cape Matapan ( Greek : Κάβο Ματαπάς , or Ματαπά in the Maniot dialect ) , also named as Cape Tainaron ( Greek : Ακρωτήριον Ταίναρον ) , or Cape Tenaro , is situated at the end of the Mani Peninsula , Greece .
Tafresh University ( Persian : دانشگاه تفرش ) , formerly named Tafresh Amir Kabir University of Technology ( taut ) is an educational university located in Tafresh , Iran .
Esrange Space Center ( short form Esrange ) is a rocket range and research centre located outside the town of Kiruna in northern Sweden .
Ujung Genteng is a small fishing village in an area of outstanding natural beauty in the Sukabumi Regency in West Java , Indonesia , about 80 Kilometers from Sukabumi .
Església de Sant Pere Màrtir , Escaldes - Engordany is a church located in Escaldes - Engordany , Andorra .
Samsonów - Dudków ( samˈsɔnuf ˈdutkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Swami Vivekananda Yoga Anusandhana Samsthana or VYASA is a Category ' A ' deemed university located in Bangalore , India .
Otočec Castle is a castle hotel on a small island in the middle of the Krka River in Otočec , Slovenia .
Frankolovo ( pronounced ( fɾaŋˈkoːlɔʋɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Barhani Bazar is a town and nagar panchayat in Siddharthnagar District in Uttar Pradesh state , India .
Güéjar Sierra is a village and municipality located in the province of Granada , Spain .
Kuvansi is a medium - sized lake of Finland in the Vuoksi main catchment area .
Har Kuh ( Persian : هركوه‎ , also Romanized as Har Kūh ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bayantsogt ( Mongolian : Баянцогт , also Dund - Urt ) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia .
Saggart ( Irish : Teach Sagard ) is a suburban village in South Dublin , Ireland , south west of Dublin city .
Batha Prefecture was one of the 14 prefectures of Chad .
Moturiki is an island belonging to Fiji 's Lomaiviti Archipelago .
Koverdiaki is a village located in a suburban area of Brest , Belarus .
Valsesia ( Piemontese : Valsesia ; Walser German : Tseschrutol ) is a group of valleys in north - east of Piedmont in the Province of Vercelli , Italy ; the principal valley is that of the Sesia river .
Inishmaan ( Irish : Inis Meáin , the official name , formerly spelled Inis Meadhóin , meaning `` middle island '' ) is the middle of the three main Aran Islands in Galway Bay on the west coast of Ireland .
Tinnoset is a village in the municipality of Notodden , Norway , located at the southernmost end of Lake Tinn .
Ramagundam Airport ( IATA : RMD , ICAO : VORG ) is serving the city of Ramagundam , in the state of Telangana , India .
Jalan Kota Bahagia - Melati , Federal Route 2489 , is a federal road in Pahang , Malaysia .
Nowe Miasto Lubawskie ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈmʲastɔ luˈbafskʲɛ ) ( German : Neumark in Westpreußen ) is a town in Poland , situated at river Drwęca .
Soulos ( Greek : Σούλος ) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli , Arcadia , Greece .
The Fédération Québécoise de Naturisme ( FQN ) is the official International Naturist Federation ( INF ) representative for the province of Quebec and for French - speaking Canada .
Communicant Semiconductor Technologies AG was a company based in Frankfurt ( Oder ) , Eastern Germany , that aimed to mass - produce integrated circuits based on a carbon - doped silicon - germanium ( Si - Ge : C ) technology .
Malo Središte ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мало Средиште , Romanian : Srediștea Mică ) or Prnjavor ( Serbian Cyrillic : Прњавор , Romanian : Prnaora ) is a village in Serbia .
The Coulonge Chutes ( in French : Chutes Coulonge ) is a non - profit recreation park and historical exhibition area operating in Mansfield - et - Pontefract , in the Pontiac Regional County Municipality of western Quebec , Canada .
Darreh Shahr ( Persian : دره شهر‎‎ ; also Romanized as Darreh - ye Shahr ) is a town and the capital of Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Måna or Måne is a river in Tinn , Norway ; it flows from Møsvatn through Vestfjorddalen and Rjukan to Vestfjorden in Lake Tinn .
Ratanj ( Cyrillic : Ратањ ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Metro Cuatro Caminos ( translated from Spanish the name literally means `` Four Roads '' ) is a station of the Mexico City metro network .
Jalan Dato ' Mohd Sidin or Jalan Jambatan Connaught ( Selangor state route ) is a major road in Klang Valley regions , Selangor , Malaysia
Kuni - kyō ( 恭仁京 , or Kuni no miyako ) , was the capital city of Japan between 740 and 744 , whose imperial palace ( 恭仁宮 Kuni - kyū or Kuni no miya ) was built in the present - day city of Kizugawa in Kyoto Prefecture by the order of Emperor Shōmu .
The Bhubaneswar Rajdhani Express is an important superfast express train which connects Bhubaneswar to the Capital of India , New Delhi .
Machhianwala railway station ( Urdu : ماچھیانوالہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Dist Vehari Punjab Pakistan .
Kalateh - ye Gavich ( Persian : كلاته گاويچ‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Gāvīch ) is a village in Gazik Rural District , Gazik District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Sado River ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsaðu ) ) is a river in Southern Portugal ; it is one of the major rivers in the country .
The Ma'an Dam ( Chinese : 馬鞍壩 ; pinyin : Mǎ'ān Bà ) is a concrete gravity barrage dam on the Dajia River in Heping District , Taichung , Taiwan .
Szczeciny ( ʂt͡ʂɛˈt͡ɕinɨ ) ( German : Stettinnen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Maremma region is an area of Italy bordering the Ligurian and Tyrrhenian Seas .
The União Nacional dos Escuteiros de Timor - Leste ( UNE - TL ; roughly National Scout Union of East Timor ) is the national Scouting organization of East Timor .
Ahipara is a town and locality in Northland , New Zealand at the southern end of Ninety Mile Beach , with the Tauroa Peninsula to the west and Herekino Forest to the east .
The Berliner Zeitung is a German daily newspaper based in Berlin , Germany .
Stopiče ( pronounced ( ˈstoːpitʃɛ ) ; German : Stopitsch ) is a village in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Emperor Range is a mountain range in northern part of the island of Bougainville , Papua New Guinea , at about 5.75 ° S 154.9166667 ° E. Several volcanoes are located in the range , including highest point of the island - Mount Balbi .
The Monterrey Metro ( Spanish : Sistema de Transporte Colectivo Metrorrey , generally referred to as just Metrorrey ) is a fully grade - separated rapid transit system in Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico .
Founded in 1941 , CBC News is the largest news broadcaster in Canada and has local , regional and national broadcasts and stations .
Al Sormeh ( Persian : السرمه‎ ; also known as `` Alī Sūrmeh ) is a village in Zeri Rural District , Qatur District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 730 , in 114 families .
Balbalasang - Balbalan National Park ( also known as Mount Balbalasang National Park ) is a protected area of the Philippines located in the municipality of Balbalan , Kalinga in the Cordillera Administrative Region .
Gallegos de Solmirón is a mountainous village and municipality in the province of Salamanca , western Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon .
Trzeszczyna ( German : Heinrichsfelde , pronunciation : ( tʂɛʂˈt͡ʂɨna ) ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Urubamba River or Willkamayu ( Quechua for `` sacred river '' ) is a river in Peru .
Sembawang Group Representation Constituency ( Chinese : 三巴旺集选区 ; Malay : Kawasan Undi Perwakilan Berkumpulan Sembawang ; Tamil : செம்பவாங் குழுத்தொகுதி ) is a five - member Group Representation Constituency ( GRC ) located in the northern area of Singapore .
New Westminster is a historically important city in the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia , Canada , and is a member municipality of the Greater Vancouver Regional District .
The National Coal Board ( NCB ) was the statutory corporation created to run the nationalised coal mining industry in the United Kingdom .
The Menai Bay Conservation Area ( MBCA ) is located in Menai Bay , Zanzibar Tanzania .
Kyurdalilyar ( also , Kyurd - Alilar and Kyurdalylar ) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan .
MTI Consultancy is an international Human Resource Consultancy with operations in Germany , Europe and Asia .
Naganuma Futopia Park is a park in Hasamachokitakata in Tome , Miyagi , Japan .
Birsky District ( Russian : Би́рский райо́н ; Bashkir : Бөрө районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifty - four in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Kelah Rash - e Pain ( Persian : كله رش پايين‎ , also Romanized as Kelah Rash - e Pā’īn ; also known as Kalderesh - e Soflá and Kelah Rash - e Soflá ) is a village in Shepiran Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ropczyce - Sędziszów County ( Polish : powiat ropczycko - sędziszowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland .
Herning Municipality is a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Region Midtjylland on the Jutland peninsula in western Denmark .
Sursur Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سورسور‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Piasutno Żelazne - Leśniczówka ( pjaˈsutnɔ ʐɛˈlaznɛ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
D'Entrecasteaux National Park is a national park in Western Australia , 315 kilometres ( 196 mi ) south of Perth .
Mexico - Tenochtitlan ( Spanish : México - Tenochtitlan , Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmexiko tenotʃˈtitɬan ) ) , commonly known as Tenochtitlan ( Classical Nahuatl : Tenōchtitlan ( tenoːt͡ʃˈtit͡ɬan ) ) was an Aztec altepetl ( city - state ) located on an island in Lake Texcoco , in the Valley of Mexico .
Gwangajeong is an old hanok , or Korean traditional house located in Yangdong village , Gangdong - myeon , Gyeongju , South Korea .
Gašnica ( Serbian : Гашница ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The history of Tsaritsani starts with the Slavic settlement of Greece in the seventh century AD .
Darah Serah Bavineh ( Persian : دارسره باوينه‎ , also Romanized as Dārah Serah Bāvīneh ; also known as Dārah Serah ) is a village in Darb - e Gonbad Rural District , Darb - e Gonbad District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Khan Abad is a town and the district center of Khan Abad District , Kunduz Province , Afghanistan .
Bhata is a village in Pakistan with a population of about 10,000 .
Asalem ( Persian : اسالم‎ , also Romanized as Asālem ) is a city in and the capital of Asalem District , in Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Aidone ( Gallo - Italic of Sicily : Aidungh or Dadungh ; Sicilian : Aiduni ) is a town and comune in the province of Enna , in region of Sicily in southern Italy .
Gastre ( from Tehuelche Gástrrek , meaning `` shrub '' ) is a village in Chubut Province , Argentina .
Tortum Dam is a dam on the Tortum River in Erzurum Province , Turkey .
University Hospital of Umeå , in Swedish Norrlands universitetssjukhus ( Nus ) , is the major hospital in northern Sweden , situated in Umeå .
Đầm Dơi is a township ( Thị trấn ) and capital town of Đầm Dơi District , Cà Mau Province , in Vietnam .
The Residences is a complex of 18 residential towers in the Downtown Dubai development in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Museum Georg Schäfer is a German art museum in Schweinfurt , Bavaria , Germany .
Tang - e Nakhl ( Persian : تنگ نخل‎ ) is a village in Abdan Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Kolonja Izaaka ( Kolonia Isaaka , Isakowa , קולוניה איזאקה ) was a small Jewish farming village in what is now Belarus , founded in 1849 through government land grants to 26 poor Jewish families for the purpose of engaging in agriculture .
Andi Mattalata Stadium , or Mattoangin Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Makassar , Indonesia .
Colinas de Solymar is a small town and northern suburb of Ciudad de la Costa in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay .
Porin maalaiskunta ( abbr . Porin mlk , Swedish : Björneborgs landskommun , `` the Rural Municipality of Pori '' ) is a former municipality in the province of Satakunta , Finland .
Thiruppunavasal ( Tamil : திருப்புனவாசல் ) is a coastal village in the Avadaiyarkoil Taluk of Pudukkottai District , Tamil Nadu , India .
HaGoshrim ( Hebrew : הַגּוֹשְׁרִים , lit . The Bridge Builders ) is a kibbutz in the Galilee Panhandle in northern Israel , 5 km east of Kiryat Shmona .
Gammelstad Church Town ( Swedish : Gammelstads kyrkstad ) is a UNESCO World Heritage Site situated in Gammelstaden near the city of Luleå , Sweden , at the northern end of the Gulf of Bothnia .
Jiepmaluokta ( Northern Sami ) or Hjemmeluft ( Norwegian ) is a bay in the municipality of Alta in Norway .
Seniehun ( also , Bahal , Senbehun , and Senjehun ) is a village in the Southern Province , Sierra Leone .
North Shore Rowing Club is the oldest sporting club on the north side of Sydney Harbour in Sydney , Australia formed in 1879 .
Bou Craa ( Bo Craa , Bu Craa , Boukra ) ( Arabic : بوكراع ) is a town in the Saguia el - Hamra region of northern Western Sahara , south and slightly east of the city of El Aaiún .
Åsnes Church ( Norwegian : Åsnes kirke ) is a log cross - church situated in Åsnes , Norway .
Nong Mamong , Nong Mamong ( Thai : หนองมะโมง ) is a sub - District ( tambon ) of Nong Mamong District ( amphoe ) in Chainat Province central Thailand .
Grinna Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Grinna fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Vikna in Nord - Trøndelag , Norway .
Kolín ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkoliːn ) ; German : Kolin ) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic some 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) east from Prague , lying on the Elbe River .
Ngilgi Cave , previously known as Yallingup Cave , is a Karst cave to the northeast of Yallingup , in the southwest of Western Australia .
Adenta East is a town in Adenta District in the Greater Accra Region of southeastern Ghana , and north of Madina .
Sarv Bad ( Persian : سروباد‎ , also Romanized as Sarv Bād ; also known as Sīrūbād , Shūrābād , and Sarvābād ) is a village in Khusf Rural District , Central District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Darajendan ( Persian : دراجن دن‎ , also Romanized as Darājendan ; also known as Darājīndān ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Hargeisa District ( Somali : Degmada Hargeysa ) is a district of the Woqooyi Galbeed in northwestern Somalia .
Spławy Pierwsze ( ˈspwavɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Thessaloniki History Centre was established by the Municipal Council of Thessaloniki , the largest city in northern Greece , in 1983 , and has occupied its present premises ( the gift of Anastasios and Ioulia Billis ) in Ippodromiou Square since 1995 .
Ford Dagenham is a major automotive factory located in Dagenham , London , United Kingdom operated by the Ford of Britain subsidiary of Ford Motor Company .
Jakać Dworna ( ˈjakat͡ɕ ˈdvɔrna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Morieux ( Breton : Morieg , Gallo : Morioec ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Kemijärvi Airfield is an airfield in Kemijärvi , Finland , about 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ; 8 mi ) west of Kemijärvi town centre .
Jorairatar is a village of the Southern Alpujarras in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Bisacquino ( Sicilian : Busacchinu ) is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in Sicily , Italy .
The Château des Tours is a château in the commune of Montagne in the Gironde department in the Aquitane region of south - western France .
The CLH Group , which is made up of Compañía Logística de Hidrocarburos , CLH S.A. and its subsidiary company , CLH Aviación S.A. , is the leading company in Spain for the transportation and storage of oil products .
Mazraeh - ye Kachelabad ( Persian : مزرعه كچل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kachelābād ) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Drovers Cave National Park is a national park in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia ( Australia ) , 201 kilometres ( 125 mi ) northwest of Perth .
Drezna ( Russian : Дрезна́ ) is a town in Orekhovo - Zuyevsky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia , located on the Drezna River ( Klyazma 's tributary ) 83 kilometers ( 52 mi ) east of Moscow .
Bouni is a coastal village on the island of Grande Comore ( Ngazidja ) in the Comoros .
Jensen Oval is a suburban soccer park located on Clapham Road , Regents Park , Sydney , Australia , within the City of Bankstown .
Susz ( suʂ ) ( German : Rosenberg in Westpreußen ) is a town in Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland , with 5,600 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Sulaibikhat is a small area north of Kuwait City near Doha , Kuwait .
The Bangkok National Museum ( Thai : พิพิธภัณฑสถานแห่งชาติ พระนคร ) is the main branch museum of the National Museums in Thailand and also the largest museum in Southeast Asia .
The Château de Montespan is the remains of a 13th - century castle in the commune of Montespan in the Haute - Garonne département of France .
Ogassa ( Catalan pronunciation : ( uˈɣasə ) ) is a village in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Berakas Sports Complexis a multi - use stadium in Bandar Seri Begawan , Brunei .
Ahlten is a village in northern Germany with a population of around 5400 .
Holan is a small village in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Svanholm is a country estate and former manor 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) west of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Isla Guy Fawkes ( also known as Guy Fawkes Island ) is a collection of two crescent shaped islands and two small rocks north - west of Santa Cruz Island , in the Galápagos Islands , which are part of Ecuador .
The Transpantaneira , also known as MT-060 , is a road that crosses the pantanal , in the state of Mato Grosso in Brazil .
The Inuyama Bridge is a bridge over the Kiso River in Japan .
Palais Augarten is a Baroque palace in the district of Leopoldstadt , Vienna , Austria .
The 3Ws Oval is a cricket field at the entrance of the Cave Hill Campus of the University of the West Indies in Barbados .
Arco de Baúlhe e Vila Nune is a civil parish in the municipality of Cabeceiras de Basto , northern Portugal .
Vangede station is a station on the Farum radial of the S - train network in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Stare Czarnowo ( ˈstarɛ t͡ʂarˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Neumark ) is a village in Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Aračinovo ( Macedonian : Арачиново ( araˈtʃinɔvɔ ) , Albanian : Haraçinë ) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia , northeast of Skopje .
Maasvlakte Light is an inactive lighthouse in Maasvlakte , an industrial area in the city of Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
Gackie ( ˈɡat͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sarojini Naidu Medical College ( SNMC ) , is one of the three oldest medical schools of India .
Marydale is a town in the Northern Cape province in western South Africa .
Harbiye Muhsin Ertuğrul Stage ( Turkish : Harbiye Muhsin Ertuğrul Sahnesi ) is a theatre venue located in Harbiye neighborhood of Şişli district in Istanbul , Turkey .
The Cortijo Jurado or Casa Encantada as it is known is a 19th Century mansion that lies in ruins just off the A-357 near Campanillas Village in Malaga Province ( Spain ) .
Dunedin Railway Station in Dunedin on New Zealand 's South Island , designed by George Troup , is the city 's fourth station .
Aksakovo Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Аксаково ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Varna Province , Northeastern Bulgaria , located near the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast .
Çərmədil is a village in the municipality of Qubaxəlilli in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Jardín Botánico Chagual is a 33.9-hectare Chilean botanical garden in the process of development , focusing on the preservation of plants native to the Mediterranean climatic zone of Chile ( between 30 ° and 38 ° S latitude ) .
Dhak Pandori is a village in Kapurthala district in North India , in the central part of the Punjab .
Vaovao is a town in central northern Madagascar , approximately 325 kilometres north of Antananarivo
The Khortytskyi District ( Ukrainian : Хортицький район , Khortyts'kyi raion ) is one of seven administrative urban districts ( raions ) of the city of Zaporizhia , located in southern Ukraine .
The Rakaia Gorge is located on the Rakaia River in inland Canterbury in New Zealand 's South Island .
Hrafnagil ( also known as Reykárhverfi ) is a small village in Eyjafjarðarsveit , northern Iceland , which in January 2008 had 206 inhabitants .
Le Soler ( Catalan : El Soler ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
The Musquaro Lake is located in the unorganized territory of Petit - Mécatina , Quebec , in the Regional County Municipality ( MRC ) Le Golfe - du - Saint - Laurent Regional County Municipality , in the administrative area of the Côte - Nord ( North - Shore ) , in Quebec , in Canada .
Principe Channel is a strait on the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada , located between Banks Island ( W ) and Pitt Island ( E ) .
Pain Karu Kola ( Persian : پائين كروكلا‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Karū Kolā ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Alexander Gardens ( Russian : Александровский сад ) was one of the first urban public parks in Moscow , Russia .
Kiryat Ata ( Hebrew : קִרְיַת אָתָא ; also Qiryat Ata , Arabic : كريات آتا‎ , Kiryāt ʾĀtā ) is a city in the Haifa District of Israel .
Ouarzazate ( Berber : Warzazat ⵡⴰⵔⵣⴰⵣⴰⵝ ; Arabic : ورزازات‎ ) , nicknamed The door of the desert , is a city and capital of Ouarzazate Province in Drâa - Tafilalet region of south - central Morocco .
Institute of Jute Technology ( IJT ) is the government engineering college in West Bengal , India , approved by All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE ) , New Delhi and affiliated to the University of Calcutta .
Ras Ajdir , alternatively Ras Jdir or Ras Ejder ( Arabic:راس اجدير ) , is a small coastal town on the border between Tunisia and Libya and Libya 's most northerly point .
Drábské světničky is a ruin of a 13th - century rock castle in the Czech Republic .
Titkanlu ( Persian : تيتكانلو‎ , also Romanized as Tītkānlū , Tatīgānlū , and Tītgānlū ; also known as Tīkānlū ) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District , Khabushan District , Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
École secondaire Chavigny is a French - language high school in Trois - Rivières , Quebec , Canada which is operated by the Commission scolaire du Chemin - du - Roy .
Kiskőrös ( Slovak : Malý Kereš / Kiškereš , Yiddish : קישקעריש‎ Kishkerish , German : Körösch , Croatian : Kireš ; ) is a town in Bács - Kiskun , Hungary .
Chernihiv ( Ukrainian : Чернігів Ukrainian pronunciation : ( t͡ʃɛrˈnʲiɦiw ) ) also known as Chernigov ( Russian : Черни́гов ; IPA : ( tɕɪrˈnʲiɡəf ) , Polish : Czernihów ) is a historic city in northern Ukraine .
The Suor Orsola Benincasa University of Naples ( Italian : Università degli Studi Suor Orsola Benincasa - Napoli ) is a university located in Naples , Italy .
Donja Stubica ( Croatian pronunciation : ( dôːɲaː stûbit͡sa ) ) or sometimes Stubica Donja is a town in Croatia , about 40 kilometres ( 25 miles ) northeast of Zagreb on the northern slope of Medvednica .
In Sweden , Stureplan has also become a well - known symbol for exclusivity since the major refurbishments during the 1980s .
Apoldu de Jos ( German : Kleinpold ; Hungarian : Kisapold ) is a commune located in Sibiu County , Romania .
MiWay ( stylized miWAY ) is a public transport agency serving Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Pay Ostan ( Persian : پي استان‎ , also Romanized as Pay Ostān and Pey Ostān ; also known as Paisu , Pey Sū , Pīstān , and Pīsū ) is a village in Pir Hajat Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ruthin School is one of the oldest public schools in the United Kingdom .
Cheay Areng Dam is a proposed 108-megawatt ( 145,000 hp ) dam project on Areng river in Koh Kong Province , Cambodia .
Hutzot HaMifratz Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת חוצות המפרץ‎ , Taḥanat HaRakevet Ḥutzot HaMifratz ) is an Israel Railways passenger station serving Hutzot HaMifratz Mall ( Hebrew : קניון חוצות המפרץ‎ ) , Israel 's largest open - air mall , and the surrounding Haifa Bay industrial zone in the north of Haifa .
Mogliano Veneto ( Mogian /mo'ʤan/ in Venetian language ) is a town and comune in the province of Treviso , Veneto , northern Italy , located halfway between Mestre ( Venice ) and Treviso .
Arkils tingstad ( `` Assembly location of Arkil '' ) is the remains of the Viking Age thing or assembly location of a hundred in Uppland , Sweden .
Čemernik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чемерник ) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia , near the town of Surdulica .
Piri Reza ( Persian : پيري رضا‎ , also Romanized as Pīrī Reẕā ; also known as Pīrī Sūkhteh - ye Zār ) is a village in Kashkan Rural District , Shahivand District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Fazekasboda ( Croatian : Bodicа ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
Langourla ( Breton : Langourlae ) is a former commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in north - western France .
The Alemannenring was an auto racing circuit in Southern Germany .
The Danau Sentarum National Park is a national park protecting one of the world 's most biodiverse lake systems , located in the heart of Borneo Island , Kapuas Hulu Regency , West Kalimantan Province , Indonesia .
Žulj ( Serbian : Жуљ ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Meersel - Dreef is the northernmost point of Belgium .
As of 2001(update ) India census,(2 ) Akola Bazar had a population of 3,526 .
Mahachulalongkornrajavidyalaya University or MCU ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยมหาจุฬาลงกรณราชวิทยาลัย ; rtgs : Maha Chulalongkon Ratcha Witthayalai ) is one of two public Buddhist universities in Thailand .
Delfan County ( Persian : شهرستان دلفان‎‎ ) is a county in Lorestan province , Iran .
The Jebel Aulia Dam is a dam on the White Nile near the capital of Sudan , Khartoum .
Mount Sannine ( Arabic : جبل صنين‎ / ALA - LC : Jabal Șannīn ) is a mountain in the Mount Lebanon range .
Pasila railway station ( Finnish : Pasilan rautatieasema , Swedish : Böle järnvägstation ) is a railway station in Helsinki , Finland , approximately 3.5 kilometres ( 2.2 mi ) north of Helsinki Central railway station .
Ikela Territory an administrative division of Tshuapa District in the Équateur Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Sampyeong - dong ( 삼평동 , 三坪洞 ) is neighborhood of Bundang district in the city of Seongnam , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Wyrozęby - Podawce ( vɨrɔˈzɛmbɨ pɔˈdaft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Segovia Viaduct is a viaduct in the La Latina neighborhood in Madrid , Spain .
The National League of Professional Baseball Clubs , known simply as the National League ( NL ) , is the older of two leagues constituting Major League Baseball ( MLB ) in the United States and Canada , and the world 's oldest current professional team sports league .
Cerro Paranal is a mountain in the Atacama desert of northern Chile that is home to the Paranal Observatory .
Ekenäs Idrottsförening ( abbreviated EIF or Ekenäs IF ) is a sports club from Ekenäs , Raseborg in Finland .
Hlíðar ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈl̥iːðar̥ ) ) or Hlíðahverfi is a sub - municipal administrational district within Reykjavík , Iceland .
The Asseek River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , flowing north out of the Pacific Ranges to enter saltwater at the head of South Bentinck Arm .
Wielącza - Kolonia ( vjɛˈlɔnt͡ʂa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczebrzeszyn , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Camp de Les Corts ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈkam də ɫəs ˈkorts ) ) , commonly referred to as Les Corts , was a sports stadium in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Schwedt ( or Schwedt / Oder ; German pronunciation : ( ˈʃveːt ) ) is a town in northeastern Brandenburg , Germany .
Almeida Garrett Library ( Portuguese : Biblioteca Almeida Garrett ) is a library located in the civil parish of Lordelo do Ouro e Massarelos , in municipality of Porto , Portugal .
Dhaligaon is a locality area inside of Bongaigaon city , India .
Agua Grande Lagoon ( Laguna Agua Grande ) is a large coastal lagoon in Sinaloa , Mexico .
Mironice ( mirɔˈnit͡sɛ ) ( German Himmelstadt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Gorzów County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Korczyców ( kɔrˈt͡ʂɨt͡suf ) ( German : Kurtschow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo , within Krosno Odrzańskie County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Estación Central General Artigas is the former central railway station of Montevideo , Uruguay , situated in Aguada .
Wola Piotrowa is about 17 miles from Sanok in southeast Poland .
Wola Spławiecka ( ˈvɔla spwaˈvjɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Harrat Khaybar is a volcanic field located north of Medina in Saudi Arabia .
Orzewo ( ɔˈʐɛvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Geraldton is a coastal city in the Mid West region of Western Australia , located 424 kilometres ( 263 mi ) north of Perth .
The Karapiro Power Station is a hydroelectric power station on Waikato River , in the North Island of New Zealand .
Kuczyny ( kuˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ribčev Laz ( pronounced ( ˈɾiːptʃɛu̯ ˈlas ) ) is a settlement on Lake Bohinj in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Spilaio ( Greek : Σπήλαιο meaning cave ) is a village in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece .
Sangay National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Sangay ) is a national park located in the Morona Santiago , Chimborazo and Tungurahua provinces of Ecuador .
Aqchelu ( Persian : اقچلو‎ , also Romanized as Āqchelū and Oqchelū ; also known as Okhchaloo , Okh Chalū , Ukhchalu , and Ūkhchelū ) is a village in Sardaran Rural District , in the Central District of Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
John Kennedy College is a boys school in Beau - Bassin , Mauritius .
Holubytsia ( Ukrainian : Голубиця ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
The Longwave transmitter Europe 1 is the oldest privately owned radio station in Germany , situated between Felsberg and Berus / Saar , Germany .
Kasva ( Persian : كاسوا‎ , also Romanized as Kāsvā ) is a village in Qahan Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
University of Yangon ( also the Yangon University ; Burmese : ရန်ကုန် တက္ကသိုလ် , pronounced : ( jàɴɡòʊɴ tɛʔkəθò ) ; formerly Rangoon College , Rangoon University and Rangoon Arts and Sciences University ) , located in Kamayut , Yangon , is the oldest and most well - known university in Myanmar .
San Donà di Piave ( Italian pronunciation : ( san doˈna di ˈpjaːve ) ; Venetian : San Donà ( saŋ doˈna ) ) is a city and comune of province of Venice , Veneto , northern Italy .
Savar Beyg ( Persian : سواربيگ‎ , also Romanized as Savār Beyg ; also known as Bīlegī , Lāsavār , and Savār Bīlegī ) is a village in Zamkan Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Aka Maruf Bami Khel ( Pashto : اکامعروف بامي خيل)is an administrative unit , known as Union council or Ward in Tehsil Babuzai , of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Vatuwaqa River is a river in Suva , on the island of Viti Levu , Fiji .
Adlisberg , with an elevation of 701 metres ( 2,300 ft ) , is a wooded mountain in Switzerland overlooking Zürichsee ( Lake Zürich ) to the northwest near the Zürichberg .
Sligoville is a small community approximately 10 miles from Spanish Town in the parish of St. Catherine on the island of Jamaica .
Wörpen is a former municipality in the district of Wittenberg , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Guiclan ( Breton : Gwiglann ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Xoləzəy Alxaslı ( also , Kholazey Alkhasly ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ulvesund Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Ulvesund fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Çöpədərə ( also , Chepa - dara , Chopedara , and Chopedere ) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Jagalmadang is a red - light district located in Daegu , South Korea .
Mabein is a town in northern Shan State of Myanmar , formerly Burma .
According to Census of India in 2011 , Nagina had a population of 71,310 .
Kissamos ( Greek : Κίσσαμος ) is a town and municipality , multiple ( former ) bishopric and Latin titular see in the west of the island of Crete , Greece .
The Hamburger Verkehrsverbund ( HVV ) ( English : `` Hamburg Transport Association '' ) is a company coordinating public transport in and around Hamburg , Germany .
Yule Island is a small island in Central Province , Papua New Guinea .
Dizaj Azim ( Persian : ديزج عظيم‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj `` Az̧īm ) is a village in Razliq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 36 , in 10 families .
South West Mutton Bird Islet is a dome - shaped unpopulated islet located close to the south - western coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Kościeliska ( kɔɕt͡ɕeˈliska ) ( German : Kostellitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Royal Signals and Radar Establishment ( RSRE ) was a scientific research establishment within the Ministry of Defence of the United Kingdom , located primarily at Malvern in Worcestershire , England .
Tages - Anzeiger , also abbreviated Tagi or TA , is a Swiss German - language national daily newspaper published in Zurich , Switzerland .
Stołążek ( stɔˈwɔ̃ʐɛk ) ( German : Stölitzhöfchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Alvand Qoli ( Persian : الوندقلي‎ , also Romanized as Alvand Qolī ; also known as Alvanq Quli and Alwand Quli ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
St. Thomas Cathedral , Mumbai , is the cathedral church of the Diocese of Mumbai of the Church of North India .
Bülach ( Alemannic German pronunciation : ( ˈbylɑχ ) ) is a municipality in Switzerland in the canton of Zürich , located in the district of the same name , and belongs to the Glatt Valley ( German : Glattal ) .
Cashero is a village on the island of Aruba , located towards the center of the island .
Vaasa Airport ( Finnish : Vaasan lentoasema , Swedish : Vasa flygplats ) ( IATA : VAA , ICAO : EFVA ) is located in Vaasa , Finland , about 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) south - east of Vaasa city centre .
Tierra del Pan ( Land of Bread ) is a comarca located in the center of the province of Zamora , western Spain .
The Tominé Reservoir is a reservoir in northern Cundinamarca , Colombia about 60 kilometers north of Bogotá .
Río Pícaro is a river of southeastern Andalusia , Spain .
Esbo Bollklubb ( EBK ) was founded in 1940 as a football club for the city of Espoo in Finland .
Sölllandl ( also Söllandl or Sölland ) is a valley and geographical region located in Tyrol , Austria that covers the villages of Söll ( Tirol ) , Scheffau am Wilden Kaiser , Ellmau , and Going am Wilden Kaiser in the Tyrolean Unterland between Wörgl and St. Johann in Tirol .
Ivan planina ( lit . Ivan Mountain ) is a mountain near Hadžići , Konjic and Kreševo , in central Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kizimkazi - officially Kizimkazi Mkunguni , but also known as Kizimkazi Mtendeni - is a fishing village on the southern coast of Zanzibar , Tanzania , and was once a walled city .
Saut d'Eau , French for `` Waterfall '' , is a small island in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago .
Quinchía , also known as Villa de los Cerros ( Village of the Hills ) , is a town and municipality in the Department of Risaralda , Colombia .
Światonia ( ɕfjaˈtɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chepauk is a locality in Chennai ( Madras ) , in India .
Tranhult is a small village a couple of miles south of Jönköping , Sweden .
FirstOntario Centre ( originally Copps Coliseum ) is a sports and entertainment arena on the corner of Bay Street North and York Boulevard in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Pordenone railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Pordenone ) serves the city and comune of Pordenone , in the autonomous region of Friuli - Venezia Giulia , northeastern Italy .
Sancti Spíritus is a municipality and capital city of the province of Sancti Spíritus in central Cuba .
Khaneqah - e Gilavan ( Persian : خانقاه گيلوان‎ , also Romanized as Khāneqāh - e Gīlavān ; also known as Kanaga , Kanjeh , Khānehqāh , Khāneqāh , and Khānehqāh - e Gīlavān ) is a village in Shal Rural District , Shahrud District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Bernardo Larroudé is a village and rural locality ( municipality ) in La Pampa Province in Argentina .
Al - Shinyah ( Arabic : الشنية‎ , also spelled al - Shiniyeh ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located northwest of Homs .
During the Korean War , Camp Ipperwash saw use as the `` Home Depot '' of the 2nd Canadian Rifle Battalion , which unit later adopted the name of The Queen 's Own Rifles of Canada .
The Forgotten River is a river of northern Fiordland , New Zealand .
Baabdat ( Arabic : بعبدات ) is a town located in the Matn District of Mount Lebanon , 22 km from Beirut at an altitude ranging between 800 to 1100 meters above sea level .
Pernštejn Castle ( Czech : hrad Pernštejn ) is a castle located on a rock above the village of Nedvědice and the rivers Svratka and Nedvědička , some 40 km northwest of Brno , in the South Moravian Region , Czech Republic .
Aontenaa is a settlement located on Tabuaeran atoll , Kiribati .
Southern Actor is a former whale catcher , currently a museum ship based in Sandefjord , Norway and owned by Sandefjord Museum .
Mata Ortiz is a small village in the state of Chihuahua , Mexico , less than 100 miles ( 160 km ) from the US - Mexico border .
Metnaj ( pronounced ( ˈmɛːtnaj ) ; German : Metnai ) is a village in the hills north of Stična in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Crissier ( French pronunciation : ​(kʁisje ) ) is a municipality in the district of Ouest Lausannois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Ľubá ( Hungarian : Libád ) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Oliver Welden ( born in 1946 in Santiago , Chile ) is an award - winning poet .
Guðrún Katrín Þorbergsdóttir ( pronounced ( ˈkvʏðrun ˈkʰatrin ˈθɔrpɛrksˌtouhtɪr ) ; 14 August 1934 -- 12 October 1998 ) was the First Lady of Iceland from 1996 to 1998 .
Semra Kebede ( Amharic ) ( born June 18 , 1987 ) is an Ethiopian beauty pageant titleholder , model , and actress , who was crowned Miss Ethiopia USA 2006 and later Deputy Miss Africa USA 2006 .
Adegboyega Dosunmu Amororo II ( CON is the traditional ruler of Owu kingdom , Ogun State , Nigeria with the appellations of Olowu of Owu Kingdom . He succeeded Oba Olawale Adisa Odeleye , Lagbedu 1 who died on June 2003 at the age of 65 years .
Taha al - Liheibi is an Iraqi politician in the National Assembly of Iraq who is a member of the Iraqi Accordance Front .
Alfred Feist ( 21 February 1835 - -3 December 1873 ) was a New Zealand brethren preacher .
Teun Voeten ( born 25 October 1961 in Boxtel , Netherlands ) is an international photojournalist specializing in war and conflicts .
Vincent Luis ( born 1989 ) , is a French professional triathlete , the Junior European and World Champion of the year 2008 , French U23 Champion of the year 2010 , and part of the National Team called Collectif France Ambition 2012 .
Sándor Erdős ( born August 21 , 1947 , in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian epee fencer .
( French ) Nicolas Vleughels , Peintre et Directeur de l'académie de France à Rome , 1668 - 1737 , by Bernard Hercenberg , Paris 1975
Mehmet Emin Karamehmet ( born 1 April 1944 ) is the chairman of Turkey 's Çukurova Holding conglomerate .
Jacob Hersleb Darre was born in Overhalla in Nord - Trøndelag , Norway where his father was parish priest .
Tony Carreira sold out concerts in one of the largest venues in Portugal , the Pavilhão Atlântico in Lisbon , and also at the Olympia in Paris .
Eberhard Hopf was born in Salzburg , Austria - Hungary , but his scientific career was divided between Germany and the United States .
Shotei Ibata is a Japanese calligrapher and performance artist living in Kyoto , Japan .
Augustin Matata Ponyo Mapon ( born 5 June 1964 ) is a Congolese political figure who has been Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo since April 2012 .
Billy Benyon played centre , i.e. number 4 in Warrington 's 15 - 12 victory over Australia at Wilderspool Stadium , Warrington on Wednesday 11 October 1978 .
Ihar Fartunau ( Belarusian : Ігар Фартунаў ; born 17 April 1973 ) is a visually impaired Paralympic athlete from Belarus .
Dr. Okwesilieze Nwodo ( Okwy ) ( born 28 July 1950 in Nsukka , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Governor of Enugu State in January 1992 during the Nigerian Third Republic .
Martin Zenke grew up in Korbach / Waldeck , Germany and finished school at Alte Landesschule in Korbach in 1972 .
Clement Adebamowo was born in Lagos , Nigeria , and graduated BM ChB Hons from the University of Jos , Nigeria , having earned a distinction at every examination .
Admiral Edmundo González Robles , Chilean admiral ; former commander in chief of the Chilean Navy , appointed by the Supreme Government of Chile for the period June 2009 - June 2013 .
Fanny Smith ( born May 20 , 1992 in Aigle Switzerland ) is a Swiss freestyle skier .
Alejandro Giacomán is a composer and recording engineer from Mexico .
Ananta Tamang ( Nepali : अनन्त तामाङ ) ( born 1998 ) is a footballer from Nepal .
Ana María Merino Tijoux ( born 12 June 1977 in Lille , France ) , commonly known by her stage name Ana Tijoux or Anita Tijoux , is a French - Chilean musician .
Aladje chose to represent Portugal internationally , first being selected to the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Turkey .
Alexander Gingsjö ( born 28 December 1981 ) is a road cyclist from Sweden .
In 1930 , Sukarni joined Perhimpunan Pemuda Pelajar Indonesia , which was later renamed to Indonesia Muda , and became the chairman of Blitar section .
Kobina Nyarko is one of Ghana 's premier young contemporary artists .
Bruno Aveillan ( born in Toulouse , France ) is a filmmaker , a photographer and a contemporary artist .
Céline Bonnier ( born August 31 , 1965 , Lévis , Quebec ) is a French Canadian actress from Quebec .
Silvia Salgado Cavazos ( born c. 1976 ) is a Mexican model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the national pageant Nuestra Belleza Mexico and represented her country and placed among the semi - finalists in the 1999 Miss Universe pageant , held in Chaguaramas , Trinidad and Tobago , on May 26 , 1999 .
Rabin Shrestha ( Nepali : रबिन श्रेष्ठ ) ( born 17 May 1991 ) is a footballer from Nepal .
Toshiro Kandagawa ( 神田川 俊郎 , alternately translated Tosio Kanndagawa ) , born in 1939 in Kyoto Prefecture in Japan , is a renowned contemporary chef , known primarily for his strict following of classic Japanese cooking styles and disdain for modern and `` fusion '' cooking .
Mamata Kanojia is a One Day International cricketer who represents India .
Tom Fyfe was a self - taught New Zealand mountaineer from Timaru .
Moussa Léo Sidibé ( Sirakoro , 1949 ) is the Minister of Agriculture , Animal Husbandry and Fishing of Mali since 24 April 2012 .
Veronika Velez - Zuzulová ( née Zuzulová ; born 15 July 1984 ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Slovakia .
Arif Lohar is a Punjabi folk singer from Pakistan .
Manfred Mohr ( b. June 8 , 1938 in Pforzheim / Germany ) is a digital art pioneer .
Jude Dibia ( born 5 January 1975 in Lagos , Nigeria)is a Nigerian novelist .
Yukio Kagayama ( born 4 May 1974 in Yokohama Japan ) is a professional motorcycle road racer .
Gustavo Ávila ( born June 14 , 1938 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is a retired jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing .
George Reinblatt ( born 1977 ) is a comedy writer from Toronto , Canada , best known for writing the off - Broadway show Evil Dead :
Wael Ayan ( Arabic : وائل عيان‎ ) ( born June 13 , 1985 in Aleppo , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Riad Al Solh ( 1894 -- 17 July 1951 ) ( Arabic : رياض الصلح‎ ) was the first prime minister of Lebanon after the country 's independence .
Amy Morrison ( born 18 July 1984 ) is a New Zealand - born film and television actress best known for her role as Zandra in Cloud 9 's The Tribe .
Punsalmaagiin Ochirbat ( Mongolian : Пунсалмаагийн Очирбат ; born January 23 , 1942 ) is a Mongolian political figure and current member of the Constitutional Court of Mongolia .
Çakırcalı Mehmet Efe ( 1872 - -1911 ) was a Zeybek , who was active as an outlaw in the region enclosing İzmir , Aydın , Denizli , Muğla and Antalya in modern western Turkey , from 1893 to 1910 .
Oung Chanthol ( born 1967 in Kampot , Cambodia ) is the founder and executive director of the Cambodian Women 's Crisis Center ( CWCC ) .
Ilja Bereznickas ( born January 1 , 1948 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian animator , illustrator , scriptwriter and caricaturist .
Antónia Rodrigues ( Aveiro , Portugal , 1580- ? ) , was a Portuguese soldier and national heroine .
Chantal Andere ( Spanish pronunciation : ( tʃanˈtal anˈdeɾe ) ; born Jacqueline Chantal Fernández Andere on January 25 , 1972 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress , known for playing the villain , the vamp , or the bitter woman on telenovelas .
Abolfazl Hajizadeh ( Persian : ابوالفضل حاجی‌زاده‎ , born August 23 , 1981 ) is an Iranian football player currently playing for Damash Gilan in Iran 's Premier League football .
Ishfaq Ahmad ( Urdu : اشفاق احمد ; born 3 November 1930 ; D.Sc . , Minister of State , SI , HI , NI , FPAS ) , is a Pakistani nuclear physicist , emeritus professor of high - energy physics at the National Center for Physics , and former science advisor to the Government of Pakistan .
John Thomas Ball QC ( 24 July 1815 -- 17 March 1898 ) was an Irish barrister , judge and politician in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , and Lord Chancellor of Ireland .
Sir Donald Macmaster , 1st Baronet KC ( 3 September 1846 -- 3 March 1922 ) was a Canadian lawyer and a politician in both Canada and the United Kingdom .
Gabi Calleja is a gay rights activist in Malta .
Yasutsune Uehara ( 上原 康恒 , born October 12 , 1949 in Okinawa , Japan ) is a former professional boxer and former WBA super featherweight champion .
Don McGlashan ( born 18 July 1959 ) is a New Zealand composer , singer and multi - instrumentalist who won fame with bands Blam Blam Blam , The Front Lawn , and The Mutton Birds , before going solo .
Stephen Stanley Parker ( 1817 - -1904 ) was an early settler and pioneer of Western Australia and a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council .
Abraham Cheruiyot Tarbei is a Paralympian athlete from Kenya competing mainly in category T46 middle distance events .
Dobrinka Tabakova ( Bulgarian : Добринка Табакова ; born 1980 , Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) is a British / Bulgarian composer .
Emil Ermatinger ( 21 May 1873 in Schaffhausen , Switzerland -- 17 September 1953 in Zurich ) was a Swiss professor for Germanic philology .
Serge Daney hosted a weekly broadcast on French radio station France - Culture called Microfilms from the last quarter of 1985 to July 1990 .
Neil Waka is a New Zealand broadcaster and journalist .
Rune Rebellion is the stage name of Rune Grønn , a guitarist from Verdal , Norway , born 1965 , he is most famous of being the rhythm guitarist of the Norwegian band Turbonegro , which he quit on 26 October 2007 , and played his last show in Folken in Stavanger the day after .
Patrick Sarsfield , 1st Earl of Lucan ( ca . 1660 -- 21 August 1693 ) was an Irish Jacobite and soldier , belonging to an Anglo - Norman family long settled in Ireland .
Bureta Faraimo ( born 16 July 1990 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Parramatta Eels in the National Rugby League .
Friedrich Tinner was born in Bern , Switzerland , in 1937 to a Swiss family .
Cédric Gracia ( born 23 May 1978 in Pau , France ) is a French mountain biker , who now lives in Andorra with his team manager wife .
Grzegorz Wagner ( born 13 December 1965 ) is a former Polish volleyball player and head coach , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team in 1985 - -2002 , Polish Champion ( 1989 ) .
Tony Gillet ( born 4 September 1945 in Marche , Belgium ) is a Belgian former racing driver and founder of the Gillet sports car company .
Silvia Meraz Moreno ( born 1968 ) is a Mexican serial killer who was active from 2009 to 2012 , in Nacozari , Sonora , Mexico .
Khin Yu May ( Burmese : ခင်ယုမေ , pronounced : ( kʰɪ̀ɴ jṵ mè ) ; 23 March 1937 - 23 January 2014 ) was a two - time Myanmar Academy Award winning actress and singer .
Saerom Park ( 박새롬 , born June 23 , 1981 ) , is a cellist from South Korea .
Bagher Hashemi ( Persian : باقر هاشمی‎ ) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Khuzestan in the Iran Pro League .
Barbie Forteza , ( born Barbara Ambas Forteza on 31 July 1997 in Biñan City , Laguna , Philippines ) , is a Filipina commercial model and actress , known for her roles such as young Jodi in GMA Network 's remake of the Koreanovela Stairway To Heaven and Cyndi Gomez in First Time .
Trygve Waldemar Fiske ( born 15 February 1987 in Frei , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( upright bass ) , known from different Norwegian jazz bands and recordings .
Ebrahim Ghaderi is an Iranian Taekwondo athlete who won the first gold medal in Taekwondo for Iran at the Asian Games 1986 .
Jessica Falk ( born July 14 , 1973 in Sundsvall , Sweden ) is a Swedish singer - songwriter and musician .
Prince Barbu Știrbey ( 1872 - -1946 ) was briefly Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Romania in 1927 .
Isadore Samuel Emanuel ( 4 February 1860 -- 5 January 1954 ) was a pastoralist and businessman in Western Australia .
Ričardas Mikutavičius ( February 26 , 1935 in Kaunas -- July 1 , 1998 ) was a Lithuanian priest , Doctor of Theology , poet and one of the most famous collectors of art in Lithuania .
Clara Monika Bakale ( born May 15 , 1979 ) is a 3-time Olympic swimmer from the Republic of the Congo .
Igor Macypura ( Ukrainian : Ігор Маципура : Ihor Matsypura or Igor Matsipura ; born 10 April 1985 ) is a Ukrainian figure skater who competed internationally for Slovakia .
Frederick Nene Russell was a Māori member of Parliament in New Zealand .
Rosana Hermann ( São Paulo , July 26 , 1957 ) is an author , writer and host in Brazil .
Dr. Attiya Inayatullah holds a Ph.D. in Demographics and has had a lifelong association with the Family Planning Association of Pakistan .
Lise Haavik ( born February 23 , 1962 ) is a Danish / Norwegian singer , best known for representing Denmark at the Eurovision Song Contest in Bergen , Norway in 1986 .
The Pierre Pflimlin bridge over the Rhine south of Strasbourg , connecting France to Germany , is named after him and was opened in 2002 .
Jaime Aparicio Otero ( born August 30 , 1955 in La Paz , Bolivia ) is a lawyer , career diplomat , journalist and a Washington - based legal and political advisor .
A native of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , Sue Medley was signed to Polygram Records Canada in 1989 and released a self - titled debut CD in 1990 .
Kai Krüger was born in Copenhagen in Denmark , but moved to Norway when he was six years old .
Mohammad Amin Nuristani ( born 1928 ) is an Afghanistan field hockey player , who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games and the 1956 Summer Olympic Games .
Julie Snyder ( born August 6 , 1967 in Greenfield Park , Quebec , Canada ) is a Francophone Canadian talk show host and producer , appearing as host or guest on various television programs in Canada and France .
Maraea Morete ( 24 July 1844 - -8 October 1907 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader and writer .
Bryan Edward Quarles van Ufford ( 27 May 1920 , Semarang , Dutch East Indies -- 21 September 1975 Leiden ) was a diplomat from the Netherlands .
Fadzuhasny Juraimi ( born 3 September 1979 ) is a Singaporean footballer for S - League side , Home United and also the Singapore national football team .
Andreas Orheim ( born June 19 , 1951 in Berum , Norway ) is a Norwegian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1970s .
Tiedemann Giese ( 1 June 1480 -- 23 October 1550 ) , was a member of the patrician Giese family of Danzig ( Gdańsk ) in Poland .
Nehesy Aasehre ( Nehesi ) was a ruler of Lower Egypt during the fragmented Second Intermediate Period .
Roland Hagenbüchle ( born October 13 , 1932 in Frauenfeld , Switzerland , died 14 January 2008 ) was a scholar for American Studies and cultural philosopher .
Simon Kamsarakan ( Simon Rafiki Shahazizyan ) ( Armenian : Սիմոն Կամսարական , 1950 , Ashtarak -- 2011 , Yerevan ) was an Armenian physicist , public activist , a Member of Republic of Armenia Public Council on Defense and National Security and Founding Director of National Institute of Fundamental Sciences , which he founded in 1992 in Armenia .
João Carlos Pires de Deus ( born 6 November 1976 ) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a left back , and the current coach of Sporting Clube de Portugal B.
Xavi won the U-20 World Cup for Spain in 1999 , and the Olympic Silver Medal at the 2000 Olympics .
Ian Douglas - Wilson ( 12 May 1912 -- 15 October 2013 ) was a British physician who was editor of The Lancet , a United Kingdom - based medical journal , from 1965 to 1976 .
James McCrie Douglas ( February 5 , 1867 -- March 16 , 1950 ) was a politician in Alberta , Canada , a mayor of Edmonton , and a member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Mexer made his debut for Mozambique in 2007 , and represented the nation at the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations .
Visar Dodani was born in Korçë , southern Albania ( back then Ottoman Empire ) in 1857 .
Hanser García Hernández ( born 10 October 1988 in Caibarién , Cuba ) is a Cuban swimmer and freestyle specialist .
Peter Whittle ( born 27 February 1927 , in Wellington , New Zealand ) is a mathematician and statistician , working in the fields of stochastic nets , optimal control , time series analysis , stochastic optimisation and stochastic dynamics .
Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi ( Urdu : غلام مصطفى جتوئی‎ ) was a Pakistani politician , and was the Acting Prime Minister of Pakistan for three months , from 6 August 1990 to 6 November 1990 .
Michelle de Kretser ( born 11 November 1957 ) is an Australian novelist who was born in Sri Lanka ( then Ceylon ) , and moved to Australia in 1972 when she was 14 .
Cangaço ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kɐ̃ˈɡasu ) ) was a form of `` social banditry '' in the Northeast of Brazil in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Robert Milton Cato ( 3 June 1915 -- 10 February 1997 ) was the first Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , and also held the offices Premier of Saint Vincent and Chief Minister of Saint Vincent before independence .
Giovanni Antonio da Brescia was an Italian painter and engraver of northern Italy , active at the end of the 15th and beginning of 16th centuries , during the Renaissance period .
Many of René Martin '' short stories were published by newspapers in Brazil such as O Dia and A Notícia , and detective magazines like X-9 , Meia - Noite and James Bond(Rio Gráfica e Editora -- a publishing house associated with TV Globo ) .
Søren Gyldendal ( 12 April 1742 -- 8 February 1802 ) was a Danish bookstore owner who in 1770 founded what was to become Denmark 's largest publishing house , Gyldendal .
Lieutenant Colonel Domingo Monterrosa Barrios was a military commander of the Armed Forces of El Salvador during the Salvadoran Civil War .
Jafar Kashani ( Persian : جعفراشرف کاشانی‎ , born March 21 , 1944 in Tehran , Iran as Jafar Ashraf Kashani ) is a retired Iranian football player .
Lazar Elenovski ( born 19 March 1971 in Skopje , Macedonian:Лазар Еленовски ) is a Republic of Macedonia politician , former Minister of Defence , elected on 26 August 2006 .
Ahmad Bashir ( Urdu : احمد بشیر ) ( March 24 , 1923 -- December 25 , 2004 ) was a writer , journalist , intellectual and film director from Pakistan .
Davide Carbone ( born 1971 , Melbourne , Australia ) is an ARIA Award - winning Australian music producer , composer , sound designer who began his career as a DJ in the underground dance - music scene of the late 1980s .
Edgars Rinkēvičs ( born 21 September 1973 in Jūrmala ) is a Latvian politician and official , current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Latvia .
Clive Hunt ( born 31 May 1952 in Linstead , St. Catherine , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican reggae multi - instrumentist , arranger , composer and producer .
Beka Burjanadze is a regular player for the Georgia national youth basketball teams .
Anaclet Wamba ( born January 6 , 1960 in Liranga , in the Likouala Department , the Republic of the Congo ) , was a professional boxer in the Cruiserweight ( 190 lb ) division .
Marcello Dantas is one of the main figures in the convergence of art and technology in Brazil .
Jacques Glassmann ( born July 22 , 1962 in Mulhouse ) is a former footballer from France .
Amir Qayyum ( born 1981 ) was a Pakistani serial killer who killed 14 homeless men in Lahore , Pakistan .
Hauke Jagau ( * 1961 in Hanover , Germany ) is a German politician ( SPD ) .
Jostein Flo ( born 3 October 1964 in Flo , Stryn , Norway ) is a Norwegian former football player , famous for his physical playing style and aerial dominance .
Wolfgang Butzkamm ( born 11 November 1938 ) is Professor Emeritus of English as a Foreign Language at Aachen University , Germany .
Stanislav Czupurna ( died in 1411 ; Lithuanian : Stanislovas Čiupurna ) was a Lithuanian noble , Court ( 1395 - -1407 ) and Grand Marshal of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania ( 1407 - -1411 ) .
Nils Svantesson Sture ( b. 20 July 1543 at Hörningsholm Castle , d. 24 May 1567 in the Sture Murders at Uppsala Castle ) was a Swedish diplomat and soldier during the reign of Erik XIV of Sweden .
Peter Okodogbe ( b. May 27 , 1958 ) is a former sprinter from Nigeria who specialised in the 100 and 200 metres .
Mai Văn Phấn was born 1955 in Ninh Bình , Red River Delta in North Vietnam .
Otto Wunderlich ( 1886 in Stuttgart -- 1975 in Madrid ) was a German photographer that worked mainly in Spain .
Jean - Baptiste Boucho was born in Athos - Aspis , France and in 1824 , moved to Malaya where he was ordained as a priest of the La Société des Missions Etrangères dedicated to missionary work .
Stefan Aleksander Okrzeja ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈstɛfan alɛˈksandɛr ɔˈkʂɛja ) ; born 3 April 1886 in Dębe Wielkie , Mińsk County , executed 21 July 1905 in Warsaw ) was a Polish worker , socialist and activist for Poland 's independence .
Emperatriz Carvajal ( born in Chile ; died in Mexico ) was a Chilean actress and singer who worked extensively in Argentina and Mexico .
Jan Chapman ( born 28 March 1950 in Newcastle , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian film producer .
Martin Faulstich ( born 13 July 1957 in Hagen , Germany ) is a German research scientist .
Hans Österman ( born 1978 ) is a former ITHF table hockey world champion and journalist from Sweden .
Pratik Prakashbapu Patil ( Marathi : प्रतीक प्रकाशबापू पाटील ; born 9 August 1973 ) was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India .
Nisma Cherrat ( Nisma Bux - Cherrat , born 1969 in Casablanca , Morocco ) is an Afro - German actress .
Alfred Peza ( born 26 February 1967 , in Peqin ) is an Albanian politician and current member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania .
Paulette Christian ( née , Paulette Sandan ; Nice , France , 1927 - Buenos Aires , Argentina , November 20 , 1967 ) was a French - Argentine vedette , singer and actress of film , theater and television who had a long career in Argentina .
Emily Naphtal ( born April 20 , 1989 in Skokie , Illinois , USA ) is an American figure skater who competes internationally for Mexico .
Vicki Lin ( born 1984 ) is a New Zealand television presenter and actor who has appeared on Being Eve and What Now .
Marcella Puppini ( born in Bologna , Italy ) is a singer - songwriter .
Carlos Núñez Cortés ( born October 15 , 1942 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) has been a member of Les Luthiers since 1969 .
Bina Rai born as Krishna Sarin hailed from Lahore , Punjab , British India .
Gayleen Froese ( born 1972 in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan ) is a mystery novelist and singer / songwriter from Western Canada .
David Seisay ( aka MC Stranger aka D - Flex ) is an award winning Swedish - American songwriter , musician and entrepreneur who became famous as a rapper in Rob'n'Raz but is equally well known for his twenty - year career as one of Sweden 's most prominent personal trainers .
Giorgio Prodi ( August 12 , 1928 , Scandiano , Italy -- December 4 , 1987 ) was an Italian medical scientist , oncologist and semiotician .
Pieter Gruijters ( born 24 July 1967 ) is a Paralympic athlete from Netherlands competing F56 seated throws and P56 pentathlon events .
Htin Aung authored many important books on Myanmar , under the pen name of Maung Htin Aung .
Valeska Gert could be considered one of Germany 's most ambiguous and overlooked artists .
Yasuharu Ōyama ( 大山康晴 Ōyama Yasuharu , March 13 , 1923 - July 26 , 1992 ) was a professional shogi player , 15th Lifetime Meijin and president of Japan Shogi Association ( 1976 - 1989 ) .
Justin Shave better known as Shave ( born 1973 ) is an Australian music producer / composer born in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Dorothy Hyuha was first elected to the Uganda Parliament in 1996 , as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) , for Tororo District , a post she held until 2006 .
August Hobl ( born April 13 , 1931 ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Germany .
Trairong Suwankiri is decorated with the highest class ( Knight Grand Cordon ) of both the Order of the White Elephant and the Order of the Crown of Thailand .
Alexandre - Édouard Kierzkowski ( November 21 , 1816 -- August 4 , 1870 ) was a civil engineer and political figure in Canada East .
George Tofan ( 5 November ( O.S. 17 November ) 1880 , Bilca - 15 July 1920 , Cernăuţi ) was a writer and official from Austro Hungary , Moldavian Democratic Republic , and Romania .
Christoph Martschinko ( born 13 February 1994 in Lebring , Styria ) is an Austrian football player who currently plays as defender for Austrian team FK Austria Wien on loan from TSG 1899 Hoffenheim .
Darius Crouter ( May 5 , 1827 -- May 9 , 1910 ) was a minister , farmer and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Patcharee Sangmuang ( Thai : พัชรี แสงเมือง ; rtgs : Phatchari Saengmueang ; born 20 March 1978 , Nakhon Ratchasima , Thailand ) is the captain of the Thai women 's national volleyball team , who made her international debut in the 13th Asian Games in Bangkok , Thailand .
Abbas Khan Afridi is a Pakistani politician and a member of the upper house of Pakistan Parliament .
Andrejs Pildegovičs ( born August 11 , 1971 ) is the state secretary for Foreign Affairs of Latvia .
Roger Vergé was born 7 April 1930 in Commentry , which is a commune in the department of Allier in central France .
Muhammed Tewfik Pasha ( Arabic : محمد توفيق باشا‎ , Turkish : Muhammed Tevfik Paşa ; April 30 or November 15 , 1852 -- January 7 , 1892 ) , also known as Tawfiq of Egypt , was khedive of Egypt and the Sudan between 1879 and 1892 and the sixth ruler from the Muhammad Ali Dynasty .
Charlotte Klamroth ( née Dettmar ; 18 August 1903 -- 16 May 2015 ) was a German supercentenarian who became the oldest living person in Germany after the death of Johanna Klink on 20 February 2015 .
Ang Duong ( Khmer : ព្រះបាទ អង្គ ឌួង , Khmer pronunciation : ( ʔɑŋ duəŋ ) ) ( 12 June 1796 -- 19 October 1860 ) ( r. 1841 - -1844 , 1845 - -1860 ) was a king of Cambodia .
Fritz Strobl ( born 24 August 1972 in Lienz , Austria ) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer .
Lajos Gönczy ( 24 February 1881 in Szeged , Hungary -- 4 December 1915 in Doberdò del Lago , Italy ) was a Hungarian high jumper , who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Kyla began her career in 2000 under OctoArts EMI Philippines and rose to prominence with the release of her second single `` Hanggang Ngayon '' ( English translation : `` Until Now '' ) .
Stella - Iro Ledaki ( Στέλλα-Ηρώ Λεδάκη ; born 18 July 1988 in Chania , Greece ) is a Greek pole vaulter .
Mike Shaikh is a Senator - in - Waiting for Alberta and past Chair of the Calgary Police Commission from Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Radu Țuculescu belongs to the so - called `` 1980s generation '' from Romania .
Halina Bashlakova ( Belarusian : Галіна Башлакова ; born March 19 , 1973 ) is a modern pentathlete from Belarus .
Eugen Büchel ( 8 August 1916 -- 1978 ) was a bobsledder from Liechtenstein who competed in the mid-1930s .
Therkel Mathiassen ( 5 September 1892 in Favrbo , Denmark-- 14 March 1967 ) was an archaeologist , anthropologist , cartographer , and ethnographer notable for his scientific study of the Arctic .
Adrian Iordache ( born 13 November 1981 in Piteşti , Romania ) is a Romanian football striker who plays free agent .
Born on 20 May 1893 in Nantes , France , Alfred Heurtaux was the son of an artillery officer .
Milomir Minić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миломир Минић ) ( born 5 October 1950 in Valjevo , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian politician who was Prime Minister of Serbia from 2000 to 2001 .
Aleksandar Đurić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Ђурић ; born 12 August 1970 ) is a former Bosnian - born Singapore international footballer of Serbian descent .
Neville Peat ( born 1947 in Dunedin ) , is a New Zealand author and photographer , based at Broad Bay on the Otago Peninsula .
James Cudjoe is one of Ghana 's most successful contemporary artists .
Gilda Gray was born as Marianna Michalska in Kraków ( then part of Galicia - Lodomeria , Austria - Hungary , now part of Poland ) on 24 October 1901 , to Max and Wanda Michalski , who emigrated to the United States in 1909 and settled in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Lorne Proudfoot ( October 8 , 1880 -- January 10 , 1977 ) was a farmer , teacher and a provincial politician from Alberta , Canada .
Luis Curbelo ( born 21 June 1972 ) is a Uruguayan footballer who has played in the top - level football divisions of Uruguay , Finland and Greece .
Jean Marie Syjuco ( born June 26 , 1952 ) is a painter , installation artist and performance artist from Manila , Philippines .
Johannes Irgens was a Norwegian barrister , diplomat and politician , noted for his service as minister of foreign affairs of Norway from 1910 to 1913 .
Eduard Hämäläinen ( born 21 January 1969 in Karaganda , Kazakh SSR , Soviet Union ) is a retired decathlete from Finland and Belarus .
Muhammad Irwan Shah Bin Arismail ( born 2 November 1988 ) is a Singapore international footballer who plays as a full - back for Tampines Rovers in the S.League .
Paul Wettlaufer ( born January 28 , 1978 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a field hockey player from Canada .
Gábor Talmácsi ( born May 28 , 1981 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a former Hungarian professional motorcycle racer .
Erik Gandini moved to Sweden aged 19 to attend film school and avoid military service in Italy .
Tony Dean Smith ( born 12 October 1977 , in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a screenwriter , director and editor for film and television .
Ignatius Walvis ( 1653 , Utrecht -- 1714 , Gouda ) , was an 18th - century priest , historian , and writer from the Netherlands .
Til Kumar Menyangbo Limbu ( Nepali : तिलकुमार मेयाङबो लिम्बू ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) .
Vollrath von Maltzan went to school in Strasbourg , which then belonged to Germany .
Anatoly Dernovoi is the Minister of Health Care in the Government of Kazakhstan .
Traianos Dellas ( Greek : Τραϊανός Δέλλας , born on 31 January 1976 in Thessaloniki , Greece ) is a Greek football manager and former player .
Pessie Madan ( born September 26 , 1916 ) was a retired Brigadier of the Indian Army and an early leader in India 's high - technology research and development sector .
Costică Acsinte ( born Constantin Axinte ; July 4 , 1897 , village of Perieți , Ialomița County , Romania -- January 7 , 1984 , Slobozia , Romania ) was a Romanian photographer .
Amit Erez ( Hebrew : עמית ארז‎ ) ( born June 9 , 1980 in Tel Aviv , Israel ) is an Israeli musician best known for his work as the guitarist for successful Israeli alternative rock band Eatliz , as well as a solo folk / indie artist .
Leo V the Armenian ( Greek : Λέων Ε΄ ὁ Ἀρμένιος , Leōn V ho Armenios ; Armenian : Լևոն Ե Հայ ; 775 -- 25 December 820 ) was Emperor of the Byzantine Empire from 813 to 820 .
José Miguel Cubero Loría ( born 14 February 1987 in Sarchí ) is a Costa Rican football player , currently playing for Herediano , and for the Costa Rica national football team .
Jonas Davidsson ( born 7 August 1984 in Motala , Sweden ) is a Swedish speedway rider and current member of Swedish national team .
Nguyễn Huệ ( Hán tự : 阮惠 ) , also known as Emperor Quang Trung ( 光中 ) ( born in Bình Định in 1753 , died in Phú Xuân on 16 September 1792 ) , was the second emperor of the Tây Sơn dynasty of Vietnam , reigning from 1788 until 1792 .
Henry Stokes Tiffen ( 1816 - -1896 ) was a notable New Zealand surveyor , pastoralist , land commissioner , politician , community leader , horticulturist and entrepreneur .
Henrik Flyman ( born on September 6 in Sundsvall , Sweden ) is an award winning composer , guitarist and producer .
Jonas Ogandaga ( born 1 August 1975 in Gabon ) is a Gabonese footballer who currently plays for Gabonese club Stade Mandji .
Gheorghe Bizo ( born 30 December 1987 , Tecuci ( Galati ) , Romania ) is a Romanian rugby union player .
Raphael M. Bonelli ( born September 10 , 1968 in Schärding in Austria ) is an Austrian professor of psychiatry , neurology and psychotherapy at the Sigmund Freud University Vienna .
Paola Cavallino ( born June 6 , 1977 in Genova ) is a butterfly swimmer from Italy , who won the silver medal in the women 's 200 metres butterfly event at the 2004 European Championships .
Valerie Lynch Napaltjarri ( born 13 September 1970 ) is an Indigenous Australian artist from Papunya in Australia 's Northern Territory .
Archibald Brewster Grant ( 24 July 1904 - -6 June 1970 ) was a New Zealand railway worker and trade unionist .
Paul - Louis Simond was born in Beaufort - sur - Gervanne , ( Drome , France ) on 30 July 1858 .
Kenan Yücel ( b. 1974 , Bursa , Turkey ) , Turkish poet and writer .
Thomas Helmig ( born 15 October 1964 in Egå suburb of Aarhus , Denmark ) is a Danish rock singer and musician , and has been one of the most popular singers in Denmark since the middle of the 1980s .
Musa Amer Obaid ( Arabic : موسى عامر عبيد‎ , born April 18 , 1985 in Kenya ) is a middle distance runner mainly competing in steeplechase .
Growing up in Naples , Italy , his father was an oncologist and a pathologist at the National Cancer Institute of Naples and was also a professor at the University of Naples , Giovan Giacomo Giordano , thus Antonio Giordano decided to branch out and start a research career in genetics applied to pathology .
He had always been known as Marciano Bruma in the Netherlands , after dropping his father 's surname as a young child when his parents split up .
Deborah Owusu - Bonsu ( born 25 August 1984 ) is a television presenter , model and academic , of Akan origin who is currently presenting for television network E.tv Ghana .
Marguerite Bays was born in Switzerland on 8 September 1815 as the second of seven children to Pierre - Antoine Bays and Josephine Morel Bays .
On 15 August 2014 , Mahdi Amin was named the education and research adviser to the senior vice chair of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party Tarique Rahman .
Jørn Inge Tunsberg ( born December 4 , 1970 in Bergen , Norway ) is a death / black metal musician .
Mohammad - Reza Darvishi ( born 1955 ) is an Iranian musician , researcher , and author of Encyclopedia of the Musical Instruments of Iran , a Klaus P. Wachsmann Prize - winner book about Iranian musical instruments .
Ferit Odman is a jazz drummer based in Istanbul , Turkey .
Vincenzo Ortoleva ( May 23 , 1965 , Catania , Italy ) is an Italian classical scholar .
Alexis Georgoulis ( Greek : Αλέξης Γεωργούλης ; born 6 October 1974 ) is a Greek actor and producer who became particularly popular in Greece after his participation in the 2001 Greek television series Eisai to Tairi mou .
Johann de Lange ( born 22 December 1959 in Pretoria , Union of South Africa ) is an Afrikaans poet , short story writer and critic .
Rita Reys ( born Maria Everdina Reijs ; 21 December 1924 -- 28 July 2013 ) was a jazz singer from the Netherlands .
Sylvain Saudan ( born on 23 September 1936 in Lausanne , Switzerland ) is an extreme skier , dubbed `` skier of the impossible . ''
Hallgrímur Fr . Hallgrímsson ( October 17 , 1905 , at Grund , Manitoba , Canada -- September 16 , 1984 , in Reykjavík ) was one of Iceland 's leading businessmen and political figures in the mid - twentieth century .
Rosela Gjylbegu ( pronounced ( ɾɔsɛːla ɟylbɛːɡʊ ) ; born 13 March 1987 in Shkodër , Albania ) is an Albanian singer .
Ngwane III was King of Swaziland from 1745 to 1780 .
Dariush Yazdani ( born June 2 , 1977 in Shiraz , Iran ) is a former Iranian footballer who is currently a manager for Orange County Blues in the USL Professional Division .
Ronald Todd ( 11 March 1927 -- 30 April 2005 ) , generally known as Ron Todd , was the general secretary of the Transport and General Workers ' Union ( TGWU ) , then the largest general trade union in the United Kingdom , from 1985 until 1992 .
Alexander Ardakov ( Russian : Александр Ардаков ) ( born in Samara , Russia , formerly Kuybyshev ) is a Russian professional pianist , graduate of the Moscow Conservatoire and prizewinner at the Viotti International competition in Italy ( 1984 ) .
George Topolnisky ( August 13 , 1916 -- March 19 , 2012 ) was a provincial level politician and teacher from Alberta , Canada .
Grant Smillie ( born 3 May 1977 ) is a Melbourne based house music DJ who plays sets in clubs around Australia .
Mark Oliver ( born 1966 ) is a voice actor who works at Ocean Studios in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Shemel Louison ( born August 9 , 1990 in Grenada ) is a footballer currently playing for Caledonia AIA F.C. in Trinidad and Tobago and the Grenada national team .
Agnès Thurnauer was born in 1962 , in Paris , France , where she continues to live and work .
Cher Wang ( traditional Chinese : 王雪紅 ; simplified Chinese : 王雪红 ; pinyin : Wáng Xuěhóng ; 15 September 1958 ) is a Taiwanese entrepreneur and philanthropist born in Taipei , Taiwan .
Ratsadathirat ( Thai : รัษฎาธิราช ) was the twelfth king of Ayutthaya , an ancient kingdom in Thailand .
Monique Covét ( born 14 July 1976 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian pornographic actress and fetish model .
Born on October 28 , 1957 , Hervé Niquet was raised at Abbeville in the department of Somme , France .
Graham Tainton ( born 17 September 1927 in South Africa ) is a Swedish choreographer and dancer who came to Sweden in 1959 .
Enrique Labrador Ruiz , Cuban journalist , novelist , essayist , short story writer , and poet , was born in Sagua la Grande , Cuba , on May 11 , 1902 .
Since 1978 , Alain Veinstein is also the voice of the nights of France Culture with interviews on the program Overnight and broadcasts , Surprised by the night , and surprised by the poetry .
Filipe Alarcão ( born 1963 in Lisbon , Portugal ) is one of today 's most recognizable names in Portuguese product design .
Nasip Naço is an Albanian politician and is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Socialist Movement for Integration , former Minister of Economy , Trade and Energy in the cabinet of Sali Berisha .
Sacha Sergio Llorenti Soliz , or Sacha Llorenti , is the Permanent Representative and Ambassador of Bolivia to the United Nations .
Stigwood was born in 1934 in Port Pirie , South Australia , the son of Gwendolyn ( Burrows ) and Robert Stigwood , an electrical engineer , and educated at Sacred Heart College in Adelaide .
While details regarding Richard Cantillon 's life are scarce , it is thought that he was born sometime during the 1680s in County Kerry , Ireland .
Flamur Noka was Albania 's Minister of the Interior .
Grigol Tsereteli ( Georgian : გრიგოლ წერეთელი ; March 12 , 1870 -- 1938 ) was a distinguished Georgian scientist , one of the founders of Papyrology , founder of the Georgian scientific school of Classical Philology , Doctor of Philological Sciences , Meritorious Scientific Worker of Georgia , Honourable Professor .
Qerim Begolli ( born in İpek , Ottoman Empire , died 1945 in Peć , Yugoslavia ) was an activist of both National Renaissance of Albania and the resistance of Albania during the Second World War .
Mathilde Froustey , born on June 8 , 1985 , in Bordeaux , France , is a French ballet dancer .
Gabriele Araudo ( born on August 5 , 1974 in Carmagnola , Italy ) is an Italian ice sledge hockey player .
Narciso Rosales Morales Jr. ( born November 4 , 1987 in Talibon , Bohol , Philippines ) , more commonly known as Ciso Morales , is a Filipino professional boxer .
Rachanon Kanyathong ( Thai : รชานนท์ กันยาทอง ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Tavalia Griffin ( born 7 June 1975 ) is a New Zealand former pornographic actress .
Since his American debut as the silver medalist at the Tenth Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in 1997 , Yakov Kasman has performed concerts in the United States , Russia , and Asia , and appeared as a soloist with more than fifty orchestras .
Since 2005 , the `` Heinrich Auspitz Preis '' has been awarded by the Wyeth and Pfizer Corporation Austria in order to promote scientific research in the field of dermatology .
Graciela Martins ( born 5 April 1987 in Bissau , Guinea - Bissau ) is a Bissau - Guinean athlete .
Idi Othman Guda ( born 19 August 1941 ) was a senator in the Federal Republic of Nigeria ( 1999 to 2003 ) and held the office of chairman of the senate committee on environment during his tenure .
Donald Patriquin ( born October 21 , 1938 in Sherbrooke , Quebec , Canada ) is a composer , organist , and choral conductor .
Magnus Stinnerbom is a fiddler from Värmland , Sweden , whose principal instrument is the viola .
Roger Gonthier ( 1884 - -1978 ) was a French architect , whose major works were in Limoges , France .
Shekhar Kapur was born in Lahore , Punjab , British India to Kulbhushan Kapur , a doctor with a flourishing practice , and his wife Sheela Kanta Kapur .
Ella Wiebe is a member of the Football Ferns , the New Zealand women 's association football team .
Mariano Ignacio Prado Ochoa ( December 18 , 1826 -- May 5 , 1901 ) was twice the President of Peru , from 1865 to 1868 and 1876 to 1879 ) .
Xing Aiying ( simplified Chinese : 邢爱英 ; traditional Chinese : 邢愛英 ; pinyin : Xìng Àiyīng ; born August 2 , 1989 in Jiangsu , People 's Republic of China ) is a Chinese - born Singaporean badminton player .
Farrell Temata ( c.1944 -- 26 April 2013 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player and coach .
Iana Matei ( born April 30 , 1960 ) is a Romanian activist who founded Reaching Out Romania , an organization to find and rehabilitate victims of forced prostitution .
Henry Laverne was born Henri Allum in 1888 or 1890 at Boulogne - sur - Mer , France .
Pierluigi Zappacosta ( born Chieti , Italy , on July 2 , 1950 ) is Chairman of Faro Ventures , Italy , and has co - founded , directed , and/or served on Boards for a number of prestigious companies .
Sonja Smits ( born September 8 , 1958 in Ottawa Valley , Ontario , Canada ) is a television actress who has played roles in many television series , including Falcon Crest , Airwolf , Odyssey 5 , The Outer Limits , Street Legal , Traders , The Best Laid Plans and The Eleventh Hour .
Abdul Qaiyum Ansari ( 1 July 1905 -- 18 January 1973 ) was a participant in the freedom struggle of India .
Bodheswaran ( birth name , Kesavan ; for a time known as Bodheswarananda ) ( 1901 - -1990 ) was a poet and social reformer from Kerala , India .
Born in 1965 in Liège , Belgium , Jean - Louis Dupont is a lawyer specialized in European law .
Lia Trovati ( born April 25 , 1965 ) is a former competitive ice dancer who represented Italy .
Kerry Jacobson ( born 1954 in Wellington , New Zealand ) is a musician , educator and former drummer of New Zealand rock band Dragon from 1976 - -1983 and again playing at their 30-year reunion and at the 2008 ARIA Hall of Fame in Melbourne , Australia .
Kantapol Sompittayanurak ( Thai : กันตภณ สมพิทยานุรักษ์ ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Ayatollah Mohammad Momen ( born 1940 in Qom ) is a Faqih ( a cleric qualified to judge based on Islamic law ) and a very influential member of the Guardian Council of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Benny Prasad is an instrumental guitarist from India .
Satrio Arismunandar ( born 1961 ) was a student movement activist from Indonesia .
Houegbadja or Wegbaja or Aho was a King in the Kingdom of Dahomey , in present - day Benin , from around 1645 until 1685 .
Stieg Larsson was born on 15 August 1954 as Karl Stig - Erland Larsson in Umeå , Västerbottens län , Sweden , where his father and maternal grandfather worked in the Rönnskärsverken smelting plant .
Peter Lewis Paul lived on the small Maliseet Woodstock Reserve on the banks of the Saint John River in New Brunswick , Canada .
Alvar Gullichsen ( born 1961 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish painter and sculptor .
Laureana Toledo ( b. 1970 Mexico ) is a Mexican artist .
Emilio Guimoye Hernandez ( 1891 - -1988/89 ) was a Peruvian agricultural entrepreneur who served as Minister of Finance ( Secretary of the Treasury ) from 1954 to 1955 for the Republic of Peru .
Noah Kin ( b. 1994 Oslo , Norway ) is a Finnish - Nigerian rapper and producer from Helsinki , Finland .
Even Benestad ( born 16 September 1974 in Grimstad , Norway ) is a Norwegian documentary film director .
Floyd West ( born 13 December 1980 ) , also known as the Pied Piper , is a contemporary Reggae roots singer and songwriter from Jamaica .
Sandra Nasić ( born May 25 , 1976 in Göttingen , Germany ) is a Croatian and German singer .
Yukio Futatsugi grew up in Kobe , Japan , where he attended high school .
Nelson Ramos ( Dolores , Uruguay , 1932 - Montevideo , 2 February 2006 ) was a Uruguayan visual artist .
Jaime Iván Tapia ( born 24 June 1991 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a semi - professional Mexican footballer who currently plays for the reserve team of Liga de Ascenso outfit Indios de Ciudad Juárez .
Siate Tokolahi ( born 16 March 1992 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a prop for Canterbury in the ITM Cup and the Chiefs in Super Rugby .
Hilde Marstrander har long been noted as one of Norway 's foremost fashion journalists , with an academic and professional background as a fashion designer in London and Paris .
Anne Margrethe Strømsheim ( née Bang ) ( 1914 -- 6 October 2008 ) was a Norwegian resistance member during the German occupation of Norway during World War II . She is best known for her participation in the defence of Hegra Fortress in 1940 and her post - World War II war information work .
Shereen Usdin was born in Durban ( South Africa ) , on 8 April 1962 .
Edmond Slattery ( 1839 - -1927 ) was a notable New Zealand swagger and rural labourer .
Sebastián Ramírez de Fuenleal ( ca . 1490 , Villaescusa de Haro , Cuenca , Spain -- January 22 , 1547 , Valladolid , Spain ) was bishop of Santo Domingo and president of the Audiencia of Santo Domingo 1528 to 1531 .
Anne André - Léonard ( born 16 November 1948 ) is a former Member of the European Parliament representing Belgium .
The company has paid particular attention to organize an orchestra of 40 full professors in Argentina , under the direction of maestro Manuel Posadas . ''
Georgios Fotakis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Φωτάκης ; born 29 October 1981 ) is a Greek international footballer who plays professionally for Panthrakikos in the Superleague Greece , as a Midfielder .
Taavi Veskimägi ( born 20 November 1974 in Eidapere , Estonia ) is a former Estonian politician and the managing director of the Estonian electric power transmission system operator Elering .
David Wright Allison ( 1826 in Adolphustown , Upper Canada -- May 15 , 1906 ) was a Canadian politician , farmer , manufacturer , and speculator .
Steen Rømer Larsen ( born 24 February 1949 ) is a Danish former football ( soccer ) player , who played for B 1903 in Denmark .
Rauno Alliku ( born 2 March 1990 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a striker and winger for Estonian Meistriliiga club Flora and the Estonia national football team .
Commodore Michael Bamidele Otiko ( 1934 - -1999 ) was the first director of naval education in Nigeria , and later was appointed Governor of Ondo State , Nigeria .
While Fran Huck played professionally in both the NHL and WHA his greatest contributions may have been representing Canada with the National Team program during years before NHL professionals were allowed to compete internationally .
François Proth ( 1852 -- 1879 ) was a French self - taught mathematician farmer who lived in Vaux - devant - Damloup near Verdun , France .
Emiliano Moretti ( born 11 June 1981 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Torino and the Italy national team .
Mitsuyo Nemoto ( Nemoto Mitsuyo , 根本 美鶴代 , born March 9 , 1958 in Shizuoka , Japan ) is a pop and heavy metal singer and actress , better known by her stage name Mie ( 未唯 Mii ) .
Rudolf Leopold ( 1 March 1925 -- 29 June 2010 ) was an Austrian art collector , whose collection of 5,000 works of art was purchased by the Government of Austria and used to create the Leopold Museum , of which he was made director for life .
Colin Lowth ( born October 5 , 1987 in Drogheda , County Louth ) is a former Irish swimmer who represented Ireland at the 2000 Olympic Games .
Daniela Comani ( born 4 February 1965 in Bologna , Italy ) is an Italian artist living in Berlin , Germany
Reinaldo Ricardo Lopez Cabello , known as Pachy Lopez was born August 11 , 1968 in Havana Cuba .
Manolis Apostolidis ( born 17 December 1983 in Kavala , Greece ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Apollon Smyrni in the Greek Football League as a Goalkeeper .
Kola Aluko ( born 20 October 1969 , in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian energy business magnate with further interests in African infrastructure development and aviation .
Stefan Valdobrev was born in Stara Zagora , Bulgaria , the son of Maria Valdobreva ( née Atanassova ) and Kostadin Valdobrev , both civil engineers .
Damodar Sharma ( born 1941 in Churu , India ) is an engineer , educator , founder Vice - Chancellor of the Rajasthan Technical University and winner of the Silver Elephant award of the Bharat Scouts and Guides .
Gustavo Latronico ( born June 24 , 1984 ) is a Uruguayan born football player who currently plays with Huracán Buceo in the Segunda División Uruguay .
Tadeusz Mazowiecki was born in Płock , Poland on 18 April 1927 to a Polish noble family , which uses the Dołęga coat of arms .
Ben Enwonwu was born a twin on 14 July 1917 into the noble family of Umueze - Aroli in Onitsha , Nigeria .
Monica Sumra ( born 14 October 1980 ) is a Test and One Day International cricketer who represents India .
Kürşad Tüzmen ( b Ankara 1958 ) is a former Minister of State of Turkey responsible for foreign trade .
Caner Ağca ( born 28 October 1984 in Turkey ) is a Turkish professional football player who currently plays for Karşıyaka S.K ..
Francisque Ravony ( December 2 , 1942 , Vohipeno , Vatovavy - Fitovinany Region , Madagascar -- February 15 , 2003 , Soavinandriana , Itasy Region , Madagascar ) was a Malagasy lawyer and politician .
Nongnuch Sanrat ( Thai : นงนุช แสนราช ; born August 26 , 1983 in Bangkok ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Thailand .
Emma Igelström ( born 6 March 1980 in Karlshamn ) is a former breaststroke swimmer and European record holder from Sweden .
Edward Vickery ( September 21 , 1823 -- February 3 , 1883 ) was a merchant , ship builder and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Joseph Gervais was born in 1777 in Maskinonge , Quebec , Canada ( British North America at the time ) along the St. Lawrence River .
Ben Hurley is a stand up comedian from New Zealand .
Pedro Urrutia began working in the film industry after 19 years of working in highly renowned local movie productions in the Dominican Republic .
Lucas Auer ( born 11 September 1994 in Tyrol , Austria ) is a racing driver .
Hiroshi Inomata is a Japanese diplomat and the current Japan 's ambassador to Pakistan .
George Groombridge ( born 1928 ) is a former president of the New Zealand First party .
Tochiazuma Daisuke ( born November 9 , 1976 as Daisuke Shiga in Tokyo , Japan ) is a retired sumo wrestler .
Elisa Tovati was born in 1976 to parents of Russo - Moroccan Jewish origins in Paris , France .
Tan Teow Yeow ( 1946 - 6 August 2008 ) was a Judicial Commissioner of Supreme Court of Singapore and a former President of the Industrial Arbitration Court .
In addition to her concerts in Malta , La Barokka has also toured the US and the UK .
Jaime Murrell ( born 1949 in Panama City ) is a prolific Christian music composer in Latin - America .
Marko Modic ( born 26 August 1958 in Ljubljana ) is a Slovenian photographer , painter and visual artist from Ljubljana , Slovenia .
Alexei Mikhailovich Vasiliev ( published also under the names Alexey Vasiliev and Alexei Vassiliev ; Russian : Алексе́й Миха́йлович Васи́льев ; born April 26 , 1939 , in Leningrad , Soviet Union ) is a prominent Russian Arabist and Africanist .
After leaving IWRG he worked as El Potro for a few months before reinventing himself as Último Gladiador ( `` the last gladiator ) as he began working for the local promotion Alianza Universal De Lucha Libre ( AULL ) based out of Arena Lopez Mateos Tlalnepantla in Tlalnepantla , Morelos , Mexico .
Margaret Bullock ( 4 January 1845 - -17 June 1903 ) was a New Zealand journalist , writer , feminist and social reformer .
Gurbangeldi Batyrow ( born 28 July 1988 ) is a Turkmenistan footballer currently playing for HTTU Asgabat .
Lavrentis Machairitsas ( Greek : Λαυρέντης Μαχαιρίτσας , born 5 November 1956 ) is a Greek rock musician from Volos , Thessaly , Greece .
Percy Schmeiser ( born January 5 , 1930 ) is a farmer from Bruno , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Tith Dina ( Khmer : ទិត្យ ឌីណា born 15 June 1993 ) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for the National Police Commissary in the Cambodian League and also Cambodia national football team .
Edward William Seager ( 8 May 1828 -- 14 July 1922 ) was a notable New Zealand policeman , gaoler and asylum superintendent .
Nikolai Baturin ( born August 5 , 1936 ) is an award - winning novelist and playwright in Estonia .
Uri Orlev , born Jerzy Henryk Orlowski , was born in Warsaw , Poland , the son of a physician .
Luna Mágica ( Spanish for `` Magic Moon '' ) is the ring name of Maria De Los Angeles Aranda Ramirez ( born January 10 , 1978 in Ciudad Madero , Tamaulipas , Mexico ) .
Ladislaus the Posthumous , known also as Ladislas ( 22 February 1440 -- 23 November 1457 ) ( in Hungarian : László ) , was Duke of Austria , and King of Hungary , Croatia and Bohemia .
Werner Munter ( born 1941 in Lohnstorf , Switzerland ) is a mountain guide , author and safety - expert for Alpine climbing .
Katharina Nuttall ( born July 14 , 1972 ) is an artist , composer , and music producer who was born in Drammen , Norway .
Edvard Hjelt ( 28 June 1855 -- 2 July 1921 ) was a Finnish chemist , politician and a member of the Senate of Finland .
Matilde Calamai is an Italian poet born in Prato , Italy , living and working in Florence , Italy .
Tihomir Grozdanov debuted for the Bulgaria Davis Cup team in 2008 .
Inga Kashakashvili ( born in Kutaisi , Georgia ) is a Georgian classical pianist .
Danny McDaid ( Irish : Dónall Mac Daibhéad ; born 4 August 1941 ) is a 2-time Irish Olympic athlete and four times national marathon champion from Letterkenny , County Donegal , Ireland .
Daddi Cool served in the Sierra Leonean army , but fled the country during the early years of the Sierra Leone civil war and moved to Conakry , Guinea .
Delfo Zorzi / Roi Hagen was born in Arzignano , near Vicenza , Italy , on July 3 , 1947 , joined neo - fascist organization Ordine Nuovo in 1966 , and later became head of the organization 's chapter in Mestre , the city where his family dealt in furs .
Keheliya Rambukwella ( born ) is a Sri Lankan politician and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
K. S. Neelakantan Unni ( 1895 - 1980 ) was a renowned Malayalam writer and Sanskrit scholar - translator from Kerala , India .
Carl Edvard Johan Dahl ( 6 August 1856 - -15 August 1929 ) was a New Zealand businessman , importer , vice consul and community leader .
Nils Bosson Sture ( 1426 - -1494 ) was a Swedish noble and supporter of Sten Sture 's reign as King of Sweden .
Henry Wellesly McCann ( 1819 -- ? ? ? ? ) was an Irish - born farmer and political figure in Canada West .
Michael Van Staeyen ( born 13 August 1988 in Ekeren , Belgium ) is a professional road racing cyclist currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team Cofidis .
Keshubhai Patel ( born 24 July 1928 ) is an Indian politician and the former Chief Minister of Gujarat state of India in 1995 and 1998 - 2001 .
Dennis Gansel ( born 4 October 1973 ) is a film director , writer and actor from Germany .
Niklas Hjulström ( born 15 February 1962 in Mölndal , Sweden ) is a Swedish actor , singer and director .
Maria Epple Beck ( born in Seeg on March 11 , 1959 ) is a retired Alpine skier of Germany .
Miriam Gebhardt ( born 28 January 1962 in Freiburg , Germany ) is a German historian and writer .
Giacinto - Boulos Marcuzzo ( born 24 April 1945 , in San Polo di Piave , Italy ) is an Roman Catholic Auxiliary Bishop of the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem , resident in Nazareth and being a vicar general for Israel , polyglot , and a Roman Catholic theologian .
Yasinsky was born in Kharkiv , Russian Empire ( now Ukraine ) to the lawyer and landlord Ieronim Yasinsky , a nobleman of Polish origins , and Olga Maksimovna Belinskaya , the daughter of a 1812 Borodino hero Colonel Maxim Belinsky ( whose name he later used as a literary pseudonym ) .
Moses Aupaluktuq is a territorial politician from Nunavut , Canada .
Cristian Bădiliță ( born March 27 , 1968 , Săveni , Romania ) is a theologian , essayist , translator and contemporary Romanian poet .
Selim Palyani ( born April 5 , 1976 ) is a boxer from Turkey , who won the bronze medal in the Men 's Lightweight ( -- 60 kg ) division at the 2000 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Tampere , Finland .
Akbar Ahmad ( born 30 June 1948 ) is an Indian politician and member of the 12th Lok Sabha from Azamgarh Constituency in Uttar Pradesh state in India .
Klaudia Ungerman ( born 28 August 1988 in Wysiedle , Poland ) is a beauty pageant contestant who won Miss Poland 2008 and Miss YouTube 2008 , represented Poland in Miss World 2008 in South Africa .
Ophelia Marie is a popular singer of cadence - lypso from Dominica in the 1980s .
Silvio Branco ( born 26 August 1966 in Civitavecchia , Italy ) is a professional boxer ( 184 cm height ) in the cruiserweight ( 200 lb ) division .
Inma Shara ( Inmaculada Lucia Saratxaga , born 1972 in Amurrio , Spain ) is a Spanish orchestral conductor .
Koert Vermeulen ( born 1967 , in Antwerp , Belgium ) is a lighting designer , with over 20 years of experience in the fields of architecture , entertainment and art installations .
Abu Abd Allah Muhammad Ibn Tumart ( Berber : Amghar ibn Tumert , Arabic : أبو عبد الله محمد ابن تومرت‎ , ca . 1080 - -1130 or 1128 ) , a Muslim Berber religious scholar , teacher and political leader , came from southern Morocco .
Rose Quong was born in Melbourne , Australia to Chinese parents Chun Quong and Annie Moy Quong .
Caroline Craig ( born Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , 30 April 1975 ) is an Australian actress , based in New York City .
Micaela Nevárez ( born January 1 , 1972 in Carolina , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican actress who has appeared in independent and European films .
Mathias Herrmann ( born July 16 , 1962 in Friedberg , Germany ) is a German television actor .
Imtiaz Abbasi ( Urdu : امتیاز عباسی‎ ) , ( born 9 June 1968 in Poonch ( now Punch ) , Azad Kashmir , Pakistan ) is a former cricketer who played internationally for the United Arab Emirates .
Sebastian Schneider ( who took his mother 's maiden name ) was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , from a German descendant mother and a Basque descendant father .
Rolf Kühn ( born 29 September 1929 in Köln , Germany ) is a jazz clarinetist and saxophonist .
Khaled Shafiei ( Persian : خالد شفیعی ; born January 29 , 1988‎ ) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Tractor Sazi in the Iran Pro League .
Joe Heaney ( AKA Joe Éinniú ; Irish : Seosamh Ó hÉanaí ) ( 15 October 1919 -- 1 May 1984 ) was an Irish traditional ( sean nós ) singer from County Galway , Ireland .
Steven A. Davis is a New Zealand stunt man and actor known for his role of Gordy Leach in This Is Not My Life , and for playing Jayden 's father on Power Rangers Samurai .
Władysław Galica ( born September 20 , 1900 in Chicago -- September 7 , 1943 in Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish Army Colonel .
Pasi Nielikäinen ( born February 11 , 1974 , Oulainen , Finland ) is a former professional ice hockey player .
Pierre Coetzer ( born 12 June 1961 ) is a former heavyweight boxer from Pretoria , South Africa .
Sampada Malla ( Nepali : सम्पदा मल्ल ; born 19 February 1988 ) is a Nepalese media personality , writer , film maker and journalist working in Nepal and India .
Major The Hon . Archibald Norman McLeod ( 17 March 1772 -- after 1837 ) J.P. , was a partner of the North West Company and a political figure in Lower Canada .
Sreelakshmi Suresh ( born 1998 ) is a multiple award winning web designer from Kozhikode , Kerala , India .
Chng Seok Tin ( born 1946 ) is a visually - impaired printmaker , sculptor and multi - media artist from Singapore .
Major General Bashir Salihi Magashi ( RTD ) was appointed Governor of Sokoto State in Nigeria from August 1990 to January 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Talal Al - Rashidi ( born 24 July 1993 in Kuwait City ) is a Kuwaiti professional target shooter .
José Pasqualetti ( born 27 September 1956 in Bastia , France ) , is a former football midfielder and manager .
Rebecca Jackson Mendoza was born in Melbourne , Australia to a Spanish - Filipino father and German Australian mother .
Tadeusz Gajl ( born 1940 in Vilnius , Poland ) is a Polish artist and graphic designer , notable for his contemporary illustrations on the coats of arms borne by the historical nobility ( szlachta ) of Poland .
Lieutenant - Colonel Christian Henry Charles Guest ( 15 February 1874 -- 9 October 1957 ) , usually known as Henry Guest , was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Juarez Moreira ( born 1954 in Guanhães , Brazil ) is a Brazilian guitarist and composer .
José Tapia was a Cuban football coach who managed Cuba in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
A native of Vienna , Baldur Hönlinger played at first board ( + 8 -3 = 4 ) for Austria in 2nd Chess Olympiad at The Hague 1928 .
Katsumasa Chiyo ( born 9 December 1986 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese racing driver , currently driving for RJN Motorsport in the Blancpain Endurance Series and for Gainer in the Super GT series .
Valentina Patruno Macero she was born in Caracas , Venezuela on September 6 , 1982 .
Amir Arsalan Motahari ( Persian : امیرارسلان مطهری‎‎ ) ; is an Iranian football striker who currently plays for Iranian football club Naft Tehran in the Iran Pro League .
Atongo Zimba is a musician and griot from Ghana .
Tāmati Wāka Nene was born to chiefly rank in the Ngāpuhi iwi of the Bay of Islands and Hokianga regions of the North Island of New Zealand .
Hartmut Schwesinger ( born on August 3 , 1949 in Hamburg , Germany ) is the president and CEO of FrankfurtRheinMain GmbH International Marketing of the Region , a company responsible for regional marketing of the Frankfurt / Rhine - Main Metropolitan Region .
Dimitar Dobrev ( Bulgarian : Димитър Добрев , born April 14 , 1931 ) is a former Greco - Roman wrestler from Bulgaria , where he spent most of his professional career .
Maurício Grabois ( 1912 - -1973 ) was a Brazilian politician of Jewish descent , founder of the modern Communist Party of Brazil and one of its leaders until his death in 1973 .
Hirotoshi Masui ( 増井 浩俊 , born June 25 , 1984 in Yaizu , Shizuoka ) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher for the Hokkaido Nippon - Ham Fighters in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Francis Kuipers ( born 1941 in Woking , United Kingdom ) , also known as Superguitar , is an Anglo / Dutch composer , guitarist and ethno - musicologist domiciled in Italy .
Jean - Sébastien Côté is a musician and sound designer based in Montreal , Canada .
Ayatollah Haj Shaykh Ebrahim Amini ( born 1925 in Najaf Abad , Isfahan Province , Iran ) is an Iranian politician in the Assembly of Experts .
Hojjatol - Islam Mousa Qorbani is a Conservative Islamic mullah who serves ( as of 2007 ) as the presiding board member in the Islamic Consultative Assembly in the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Male Sa'u ( born 13 October 1987 ) is a New Zealand born Samoan Japanese rugby union player , who can play both Centre and Fly - half .
Edward Leslie Gray ( April 8 , 1895 -- June 13 , 1992 ) was a politician and member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from Alberta , Canada .
Mônica Rezende ( born June 13 , 1969 in Pará ) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Brazil .
David Bankier ( born 19 January 1947 in Zeckendorf , Germany ; died 26 February 2010 ) was a holocaust historian and head of the International Institute for Holocaust Research at Yad Vashem .
Cho In - sung ( Hangul : 조인성 ; Hanja : 趙寅成 ; born May 25 , 1975 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a South Korean catcher for the Hanwha Eagles in the Korea Baseball Organization .
Volker Weidler ( born March 18 , 1962 in Heidelberg ) is a former racing driver from Germany , best known for winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1991 .
James Rourke ( June 27 , 1838 -- March 3 , 1914 ) was a lumber manufacturer and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada .
Jakob Erlandsen ( died February 18 , 1274 ) was a Danish Archbishop of Lund ( 1254 - -1274 ) and the central character of the first great church conflict in Denmark .
Roodal Moonilal ( born December 2 , 1966 ) was the Minister of Housing and Urban Development of Trinidad and Tobago and the Leader of Government Business in the Lower House of Parliament from 2010 to 2015 .
Tero Saarinen ( born September 7 , 1964 , in Pori , Finland ) is a Finnish dance artist and choreographer , and Artistic Director of Tero Saarinen Company .
Nie Er ( 14 February 1912 -- 17 July 1935 ) , born Nie Shouxin , courtesy name Ziyi ( 子義 or 子藝 ) , was a Chinese composer best known for March of the Volunteers , the national anthem of the People 's Republic of China .
Mackay John Scobie Mackenzie ( 23 January 1845 -- 15 September 1901 ) , known as Scobie , was an independent conservative Member of Parliament in New Zealand .
William Alfred Bayly ( 15 July 1906 - -20 July 1934 ) was a New Zealand farmer and convicted murderer .
O Kuk - ryol ( Korean : 오극렬 , born 1931 in Jilin , China ) is a North Korean military general and since April 2009 , has been a Vice Chairman of the National Defence Commission of North Korea as head of the Operations Department .
Anne Low is a prolific producer from Malaysia , whose notable work includes Table For Two , Realiti and The Firm .
Iulian Mamele ( born 17 February 1985 in Bucharest , Romania ) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Concordia Chiajna as a centre back .
Patrick N'Guema N'Dong ( born 1957 , in Royat , France ) is a Franco - Gabonese journalist on Gabon 's Africa N ° 1 radio station ( link ) ( created in 1981 ) , which is transmitted through French Africa and France .
Kristian Luuks parents comes from Estonia , and the first few years in Sweden the family lived in Sätra in Stockholm , but in 1970 the family moved to Skärholmen .
Evie Millynn ( born 23 November 1994 ) is a New Zealand footballer who plays for Eastern Suburbs AFC and for New Zealand .
Perween Rahman was born in 1957 in Dhaka , then situated in East Pakistan .
Ebrahim Rezaei Babadi ( Persian : ابراهیم رضایی بابادی , born 1955 in Abadan ) is an Iranian politician , and the president of Touring & Automobile Club of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Đặng Thái Sơn ( born July 2 , 1958 in Hanoi , Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese Canadian classical pianist .
Sabrina Ward Harrison ( born 1975 , Canada ) is a Canadian artist and author .
Naré Maghann Konaté ( died c. 1218 ) was a 12th - century faama ( king ) of the Mandinka people , in what is today Mali .
Malva Flores ( born September 12 , 1961 in Mexico City ) is a contemporary Mexican poet .
Wendell Xavier Ramos ( born August 18 , 1978 in Manila , Philippines ) , known as Wendell Ramos , is a Filipino actor and model who is now currently signed to ABS - CBN after GMA and TV5 .
Elias Shaheen or Elias Chahine ( born on 20 July 1914 in Ebrine , Lebanon - died on 5 December 1991 ) was the first bishop of the Maronite Church in Canada and in 1985 was appointed Archbishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Saint Maron of Montreal .
Peking Opera Blues ( traditional Chinese : 刀馬旦 ; simplified Chinese : 刀马旦 ; pinyin : Dāo Mǎ Dàn ; Jyutping : Dòu Máah Dáan ; Cantonese Yale : Dou1 mah5 daan3 ) is a 1986 Hong Kong film directed by Tsui Hark .
Syllabub has been known in England at least since John Heywood 's Thersytes of about 1537 : `` You and I ...
Aces Go Places 2 is a 1983 Hong Kong action - comedy film directed by Eric Tsang and starring Sam Hui , Karl Maka , Sylvia Chang .
Due to the 2011 Pan American Games , Vidas em Jogo was preempted on October 14 and 30 , so when first shown in Brazil , episodes 242 - -245 were shown as a separate 90-minute two episodes .
High Crime was released on August 12 , 1973 , in Italy , where it was distributed by Fida Cinematografica .
Ex - Wives of Rock is a Canadian reality television series that airs on Slice in Canada and Fuse in the United States .
In Canada , its English title is Intern Academy , while its French title is Médecin en herbe .
Goldschläger was produced in Switzerland until the 1990s , when the brand was acquired by Diageo , which continued production of Goldschläger schnapps in Italy .
In Japan , The Simpsons are anecdotally better known for being featured in C.C. Lemon commercials than for their television show .
At Seven , commonly stylised as @Seven , was a New Zealand comedy show where Petra Bagust and other comedians present the ' real news ' from the last 24 hours from New Zealand and the rest of the world .
Lectra ( EPA : LSS Euronext Paris ) is an industry - leading technology company based in Paris , France .
The Brokenwood Mysteries is a New Zealand detective drama television series that premiered on Prime in 2014 .
Oye Jassie is an Indian television series , on Disney Channel India , that premiered on 13 October 2013 .
Jeolpyeon ( 절편 ) is a kind of rice cake ( tteok ) from Korea .
Aadyathe Kanmani is a 1995 Malayalam film made in India , directed by Rajasenan .
Cabin Still Bourbon is a Bourbon whiskey distilled in Louisville , Kentucky and bottled in Bardstown , Kentucky by the Heaven Hill company .
Ischoklad ( `` Ice chocolate '' ; Eiskonfekt in German ) is a candy originating in Germany which is now popular in both Germany and Sweden , and it is a seasonal candy in Denmark and Sweden during Christmas .
The Draughtsmen Clash ( Le Damier -- Papa national oyé ! ) is a 1996 film directed by Balufu Bakupa - Kanyinda of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Не Родись Красивой ( Not Born Beautiful ) is a telenovela filmed in Russia , directed by Alexander Nazarov and shown from 5 September 2005 to 7 July 2006 by the Russian network STS .
Tout le monde en parle ( French pronunciation : ​(tu lə mɔ̃d ɑ̃ paʁl ) , Everybody 's talking about it ) is a French talk show broadcast on France 2 from September 5 , 1998 to July 8 , 2006 .
Torta alla Monferrina , an autumn speciality of the Monferrato hills in north - west Italy , is a cake made from pumpkin , apples and sugar , with dried figs , amaretti , chocolate , eggs , and rum , and baked in the oven .
Namak para ( Urdu : نمک پارا ‎ ) is a crunchy savoury snack of India and Pakistan .
Fight and Love with a Terracotta Warrior , also known as A Terra - Cotta Warrior , is a 1990 Hong Kong film based on the novel by Lilian Lee , directed by Ching Siu - tung and produced by Tsui Hark , starring Zhang Yimou and Gong Li .
The Raw Nerve Short Film Initiative is a joint venture between Screen Development Australia ( SDA ) and Screen Australia ( formerly the Australian Film Commission ( AFC ) ) that awards Australian filmmakers sponsorship to encourage film production .
Pleah sach ko ( Khmer : ភ្លាសាច់គោ ) is a dish of Cambodia .
Make It Pop is a K - pop inspired Canadian musical comedy series in a telenovela - like format that currently airs on Nickelodeon in the United States and on YTV in Canada .
The Extra grossed $ 749,113 at the box office in Australia .
Breaker High is a Canadian teen comedy - drama series that ran from 1997 to 1998 , airing on YTV in Canada and on UPN in the United States .
Changing Rooms was a do - it - yourself home improvement show broadcast in the United Kingdom on the BBC between 1996 and 2004 .
Devil 's Disciples is a Hong Kong television series released overseas in February 2007 and broadcast locally on TVB Jade in July 2007 .
Pontefract cakes ( also known as Pomfret cakes and Pomfrey cakes ) are a type of small , roughly circular black sweet measuring approximately 2 cm in diameter and 4 mm thick , made of liquorice , originally manufactured in the Yorkshire town of Pontefract , England .
The Band in a Bubble concept was created by Paul Curtis , a band manager , tour promoter , owner of Valve Records , and visual artist based in Australia .
Cadbury Dream Factory is a New Zealand reality television where viewers submitted their ' dreams ' .
The Moscow Mathematical Society is a society of Moscow mathematicians aimed at the development of mathematics in Russia .
Balita Pilipinas Ngayon ( News Philippines Now or News Philippines Today ) is the daily regional news broadcast of GMA News TV which airs in the Philippines .
Son of Rambow was released in the United Kingdom on 4 April 2008 and opened in limited release in the United States on 2 May 2008 .
De Nieuwe Wildernis ( English : The New Wilderness ) is a 2013 Dutch natural history documentary film about the nature reserve Oostvaardersplassen in the Netherlands .
Finding Farley is a 2009 documentary directed by Leanne Allison as she and her husband Karsten Heuer travel across Canada in the literary footsteps of Canadian writer Farley Mowat .
The Making of the Mahatma ( 1996 ) is a joint Indian - South African produced film , directed by Shyam Benegal , about the early life of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi ( also known as Mahatma Gandhi , Great Soul ) during his 21 years in South Africa .
A Pelada is a 2013 Belgium - Brazilian comedy film written and directed by Damien Chemin .
Pitt & Kantrop is a children 's television programme produced by the Eurovision Network and was shown on BBC One and CBBC in the United Kingdom .
Keneally and Cameron is an Australian television news and commentary program broadcast weekly on Sky News Australia , co - hosted by former NSW Premier Kristina Keneally and former Federal Liberal Minister Ross Cameron .
The Art of Painting , also known as The Allegory of Painting , or Painter in his Studio , is a 17th - century oil on canvas painting by Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer .
Landscape with a Carriage and a Train is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh that he painted in June 1890 when he lived in Auvers - sur - Oise , France .
The Melancholy of Departure ( 1916 ) is a painting by the Greek - Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico .
Flatford Mill ( Scene on a Navigable River ) is an oil painting by English artist John Constable , painted in 1816 .
MythBusters is a science entertainment television program created by Peter Rees and produced by Australia 's Beyond Television Productions for the Discovery Channel .
Portrait of Jeanne Kéfer is a portrait by Fernand Khnopff , painted in 1885 .
Saint Roch Interceding with the Virgin for the Plague - Stricken is an early religious painting by the French artist Jacques - Louis David .
The Stonemason 's Yard ( formally known as Campo S. Vidal and Santa Maria della Carità ) is an early oil painting by Giovanni Antonio Canal , better known as Canaletto .
Peanuts is a syndicated daily and Sunday American comic strip written and illustrated by Charles M. Schulz , which ran from October 2 , 1950 , to February 13 , 2000 , continuing in reruns afterward .
The Unité d'habitation ( French pronunciation : ​(ynite dabitasjɔ̃ ) , Housing Unit ) is the name of a modernist residential housing design principle developed by Le Corbusier , with the collaboration of painter - architect Nadir Afonso .
Les Shadoks is an animated television series created by French cartoonist Jacques Rouxel ( 26 February 1931 - 25 April 2004 ) which caused a sensation in France when it was first broadcast in 1968 - 1974 .
Oath of the Horatii ( French : Le Serment des Horaces ) , is a large painting by the French artist Jacques - Louis David painted in 1784 and now on display in the Louvre in Paris .
The Order of Release , 1746 is a painting by John Everett Millais exhibited in 1853 .
Early Sunday Morning is a 1930 painting by Edward Hopper that portrays the small businesses and shops of Seventh Avenue in New York City shortly after sunrise , it is currently in the collection of the Whitney Museum of American Art .
Spillover II is a public artwork by Catalan artist Jaume Plensa , located in Atwater Park , which is in Shorewood , Wisconsin , United States .
The Foundation of Perth 1829 is a 1929 oil - on - canvas painting by George Pitt Morison .
Breaking Bad is an American crime drama television series created and produced by Vince Gilligan .
Mother with Child , also known as Nurse , is an oil painting art series by Macedonian modern artist Nikola Martinoski created from the 1930s to the 1960s .
Les Joueurs de football , also referred to as Football Players , is a 1912 - 13 painting by the French artist , theorist and writer Albert Gleizes .
Ryan 's Hope is an American soap opera created by Claire Labine and Paul Avila Mayer , originally airing for 13 years on ABC from July 7 , 1975 to January 13 , 1989 .
Portrait of a Lady with a Squirrel and a Starling is a 1526 - -28 oil on tempera portrait by Hans Holbein the Younger .
Rockpalast ( Rock Palace ) is a German music television show that broadcasts live on German television station Westdeutscher Rundfunk ( WDR ) .
The Entry of the Crusaders in Constantinople ( Entrée des Croisés à Constantinople ) or `` The Crusaders Entering Constantinople '' is a large painting by Eugène Delacroix .
The Pale Horse is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 6 November 1961 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company the following year .
The Holy Family with the Dragonfly , also known as The Holy Family with the Mayfly , The Holy Family with the Locust and The Holy Family with the Butterfly is an engraving by the German artist Albrecht Dürer ( 1471 - 1528 ) from approximately 1495 .
The Ninth Wave ( Russian : Девятый вал , Dyevyatiy val ) is an 1850 painting by the Russian Armenian marine painter Ivan Aivazovsky .
Morning at Grand Manan is an oil painting by Alfred Thompson Bricher .
The Dinner Party is an installation artwork by feminist artist Judy Chicago .
`` Runcible '' is a nonsense word invented by Edward Lear .
The Hours of Étienne Chevalier is an illuminated book of hours commissioned by Étienne Chevalier , treasurer to king Charles VII of France , from the miniature painter and illuminator Jean Fouquet .
Tux was created by Larry Ewing in 1996 after an initial suggestion made by Alan Cox and further refined by Linus Torvalds on the Linux kernel mailing list .
Kemal Güven ( 1921 - 2013 ) was a former speaker of the Turkish parliament
José Mukendi Tshilumba ( born 1961 in Zaire ) ( sometimes spelled Mokendi ) played international football for Zaire and club football for Derry City and Finn Harps .
Luciano Spalletti ( Italian pronunciation : ( luˈtʃaːno spalˈletti ) ; born 7 March 1959 ) is an Italian football manager and a former player .
Ingrid Søfteland Neset ( born 1992 in Os , Hordaland ) is an award winning Norwegian Classical flautist living in Copenhagen .
Aaron Liffchak ( born 18 June 1985 ) , London is a rugby union footballer who plays at prop for London Scottish .
Jan Wejher ( 1580 - -1626 ) was a Polish nobleman , son of Ernest Wejher and Anna Mortęska .
Milan Mandarić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Мандарић ; born 5 September 1938 ) is a Serbian - American business tycoon who has owned a string of successful businesses and football clubs including Portsmouth , Leicester City , Sheffield Wednesday and Olimpija Ljubljana .
Clayton Pisani ( born 31 July 1978 ) is a Maltese professional football referee .
Kieron Morris ( born 3 June 1994 ) is an English footballer who plays for Walsall .
David Lewis Rice ( born 1958 ) , a follower of a right - wing extremist group the Duck Club , who , on Christmas Eve 1985 , gained entry to the Seattle home of civil litigation attorney Charles Goldmark using a toy gun and pretending to be a deliveryman .
Francisca Raquel Navas Gardela better known as Paca Navas was born on 23 March 1883 in Juticalpa , Olancho , Honduras to José María Navas and Francisca Gardela de Navas .
Enda Caldwell ( born Dublin on 28 March 1975 ) is an Irish radio personality and voice actor from Kilberry , Navan , County Meath .
Jairo Barrull Fernández ( 10 May 1983 , Seville ) artistically known as Jairo Barrull is a Spanish Gypsy flamenco dancer .
Gérard Bélanger ( born 1940 ) is a Canadian economics professor .
Raqib Shaw ( born 1974 ) is an Indian - born , London - based artist who shot to fame in the international art world at the age of 33 .
Daniel Yakopo ( born 29 June 1988 ) is an Australian Rugby union player .
Nirupama Mankad nee Vasant ( born 17 January 1947 in Karachi , now in Pakistan ) is a former Indian tennis player .
Martin Sourzac ( born 25 March 1992 ) is a French professional footballer who currently is a free agent .
Rich Ceisler ( 1955 or 1956 -- August 4 , 2014 ) was an American stand - up comedian , author , and director .
Samuel Taylor Chadwick ( 1809 -- 3 May 1876 ) was an English doctor and philanthropist .
Ini Kamoze ( /ˈaɪni kəˈmoʊzi/ ) , born Cecil Campbell ; 9 October 1957 , is a Jamaican reggae artist who began his career in the early 1980s and returned to prominence in 1994 with the signature song `` Here Comes the Hotstepper '' .
Andrew O'Flynn ( born 1946 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full - forward for the Cork senior team .
Andrea Morricone ( born 10 October 1964 ) is an Italian composer and conductor , known for his film scores .
Myfanwy Ashmore ( born 1970 , North York , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian artist who has been involved in information art , new media art , video art , interactive art , internet art since 1995 .
Rachel Cliff ( 1806 - 1885 ) was one of two women to serve as an official delegate to the Philadelphia meeting of the 1855 Colored Convention , along with Elizabeth Armstrong .
Filippo Ambrosini ( born 26 April 1993 ) is an Italian pair skater .
Adam Basil ( born 14 April 1975 ) is a former Australian track and field athlete , specialising in 100 m and 4x100 m relay .
Roger E. Barrus ( born 4 October 1949 ) is a Republican member of the Utah State House of Representatives representing central Davis County , Utah .
Peggy King ( born 16 February 1930 , Greensburg , Pennsylvania ) is a jazz and pop vocalist and former TV personality .
Sinta Nuriyah Wahid ( also Sinta Wahid ; 8 March 1948 ) is the wife of former Indonesian President Abdurrahman Wahid .
Agnieszka Graff ( born 1970 ) , is a Polish writer , translator , commentator , feminist and women 's and human rights activist .
Matt Hicks ( born 1961 ) is a radio announcer who calls play - by - play for the Texas Rangers alongside Eric Nadel on the radio .
Augustine Garland ( born 1603 ) was an English lawyer , and one of the Regicides of King Charles I of England .
Carl Ritter von Ghega or Karl von Ghega ( 10 January 1802 -- 14 March 1860 ) was the designer of the Semmering Railway from Gloggnitz to Mürzzuschlag .
Kurt Linck ( born 1889 ) , was a German writer of the Religiongeschichteschule .
Chris Donald ( born 25 April 1960 in Newcastle , England ) is the founder of , and one of the principal contributors to , the British comic magazine Viz .
C. Robert Mesle ( born 1950 ) is a process theologian and is currently a professor of philosophy and religion at Graceland University in Lamoni , Iowa .
Justine Fox - Young ( born 1979 ) was a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives , serving District 30 .
Hayley McQueen ( born 9 December 1979 in Manchester , England ) is a British TV sports presenter and reporter and RTS award winning producer .
S. Barry Barnes ( born 27 March 1943 ) was Professor of Sociology at the University of Exeter .
Pieter van Foreest , also called Petrus Forestus ( Alkmaar , 1521 -- Alkmaar , 1597 ) , was one of the most prominent physicians of the Dutch Republic .
Arthur Ulens ( born 1946 in Leuven ) is a Belgian businessman and former head of AGC Flat Glass which groups the worldwide flat glass activities of the Asahi Glass Company ( AGC ) .
Bukky Wright ( born 31 March 1967 ) is a Nigerian actress and businesswoman .
Jennifer Diane Reitz ( born December 30 , 1959 ) is an American writer , webcomic author , and computer programmer .
Domingos Caldas Barbosa ( 1739 ? -- November 9 , 1800 ) was a Colonial Brazilian Neoclassic poet and musician , famous for creating the modinha .
Fabrizia Sacchi ( born 10 February 1971 ) is an Italian actress .
Gary Paffett ( born 24 March 1981 in Bromley ) is a British racing driver in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters .
Giovanni Mantovani ( born 5 February 1955 ) is an Italian former racing cyclist .
Mark Epstein ( born 1953 ) is an American author and psychotherapist , integrating both Buddha 's and Sigmund Freud 's approaches to trauma , who writes about their interplay .
Hastings Wyman , Jr. ( born 1939 ) , is a political consultant , author , commentator , and the publisher since 1978 of the The Southern Political Report , a bi - weekly nonpartisan newsletter of political analysis of thirteen states of the American South .
Bidaram Krishnappa ( 1866 - -1931 ) was a musician and composer of Carnatic Indian music in the court of King Chamaraja Wodeyar IX ( 1862 - -1894 ) and King Krishna Raja Wadiyar IV ( 1884 - -1940 ) of the Kingdom of Mysore .
Kristoffer Tabori ( born Christopher Donald Siegel on 4 August 1952 ; also known as K. T. Donaldson ) is an American actor and television director .
Whitney McVeigh ( 1968 ) is an American multimedia artist living and working in London .
Toshiko Mori ( born 1951 ) is a Japanese architect and the founder and principal of New York - based Toshiko Mori Architect , PLLC and Vision Arc .
Paulo Teixeira Jorge ( 1934 -- June 26 , 2010 ) was an Angolan politician who served as the Foreign Minister of Angola from 1976 to 1984 .
Francesco II Gattilusio ( born Giacomo Gattilusio or Jacopo c. 1365 -- 26 October 1403/1404 ) was the second Lord of Lesbos from 1384 to his death .
Jan Roger Skyttesæter ( born 8 April 1956 ) is a former Norwegian archer .
Kwasi Danquah ( /ˈkweɪsi dæŋˈkwɑː/ KWAY - see dang - KWAH ) , better known by his stage name Tinchy Stryder ( born 14 September 1986 ) also known as The Star in the Hood , is a Ghanaian - born English businessman , investor , and rapper .
Hermann Kemper ( 5 April 1892 -- 13 July 1977 ) was a German engineer and pioneer in magnetic levitation .
Sergei Vasilyevich Yeremeyev ( Russian : Серге́й Васи́льевич Ереме́ев ) ( born 1 August 1959 , in Ust - Kamenogorsk , in the Kazakh SSR ) .
Norbert Vollertsen ( born 10 February 1958 in Düsseldorf ) is a German doctor and human rights activist .
Major Mian Kifait Ali ( July 1902 -- 1 December 1994 ) was a pioneer of the Pakistan movement , his masterpiece book `` Confederacy of India '' published in 1939 , under the pen name `` A Punjabi '' was the first to deal with political , economic and administrative aspects of Pakistan .
James Donn ( 1758 - -1813 ) was an English botanist and gardener .
Ayres Borghi - Zerni ( 1895 , Buenos Aires -- ... ) was an Italian operatic soprano who had a distinguished international career from 1914 till 1928 .
Richard Moe ( born 1936 ) is an American lawyer from Duluth , Minnesota .
André Nemec ( born 1972 ) is an American writer , showrunner and producer .
Jung Il - woo ( Hangul : 정일우 ; born 9 September 1987 ) is a South Korean actor .
Vladimir Konstantinovich Voronov ( Russian : Владимир Константинович Воронов ; born 2 January 1990 ) is a former Russian professional football player .
Jacob B. Warlow ( c. 1818 -- August 27 , 1890 ) was an American law enforcement officer , detective and police captain in the New York Police Department .
Henri Enjalbert ( 1910 -- June 19 , 1983 ) was a French professor of geography at the University of Bordeaux .
Chris Dyer ( born 12 February 1968 ) is the chief engineer of BMW 's DTM programme and the former race engineer of Michael Schumacher and Kimi Räikkönen at the Ferrari Formula One team .
Ed Barlow ( born 27 January 1987 ) is an Australian rules footballer who formerly played for the Western Bulldogs and the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Frank Lionel Watts , CMG , MBE , ( 1928 - -2000 ) was an Australian disability advocate and founder of Australian disability service provider , House with No Steps .
Wade Keller ( born May 22 , 1971 ) is an American professional wrestling columnist .
Keir Thomas ( born 1972 ) is an English journalist and author specialising in computing .
Jedd Garet is an American sculptor , painter , and printmaker who was born in 1955 .
Mitchell Dixon ( born 4 January 1990 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian freestyle , backstroke swimmer .
José de Villa ( born 1924 ) was a Filipino film actor in the 1950s and a film director in the late 1950s and 1960s .
Caroline Hervé ( born 1973 ) , better known by her stage name Miss Kittin , is a French electronic music DJ , singer , and songwriter .
David Squibb ( born 28 November 1935- 21 April 2010 ) was the head of music at Trinity School of John Whitgift .
Finn Hågen Krogh ( born 6 September 1990 ) is a Norwegian cross country skier who has competed at FIS Cross - Country World Cup since 2011 .
Annamalai Nadesu Sivasakthy Ananthan ( born 29 July 1964 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and Member of Parliament .
David James Bowen ( born 1925 ) , is a Welsh scholar and expert on the work of Welsh poets of the nobility .
Jim Runyon ( 1931 -- April 13 , 1973 ) was an American radio announcer , disc jockey , and sometime actor from the late 1950s to 1973 .
John Hartley Durrant ( 10 January 1863 in Hitchin -- 18 January 1928 in Putney ) was an English entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera .
Sachin Gupta ( born 9 March 1978 ) is an Indian film Producer , Writer and Director . He produces films under Chilsag Motion Pictures & also an Artistic Director of Chilsag Chillies Theatre Company .
John Chortasmenos ( Greek : Ιωάννης Χορτασμένος , 1370 - -1437 ) was a Byzantine monk , mathematician and astronomer .
Lynn Denholm ( born 22 October 1939 in Melbourne , Australia ) is a retired Australian cricket player .
Clifford Sibusiso Mamba ( born 5 May 1963 in Manzini ) is a Swazi diplomat and former Olympic athlete .
Simon Streatfeild ( born 5 October 1929 ) is a British - Canadian violist , conductor and teacher .
Jared Polec ( born 12 October 1992 ) is a current Australian rules football player for the Port Adelaide Football Club .
Francis Ona ( c. 1953 -- 24 July 2005 ) was a Bougainville secessionist leader who led an uprising against the Government of Papua New Guinea , motivated at least initially by his concerns over the operation of the Panguna mine by Bougainville Copper , a subsidiary of Rio Tinto Group .
Chappell Batchelor ( 1 July 1822 -- 11 January 1884 ) was an English organist and county cricketer .
Plamen Krastev ( Bulgarian : Пламен Кръстев ; born 18 November 1958 in Mirkovo , Sofia ) is a retired Bulgarian Olympic hurdler .
Pierre Chammassian ( born Bourj Hammoud , 9 March 1949 , in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a stand up comic famous in Lebanon for Arabs and Armenians alike , and is also popular in the Armenian Diaspora .
Kirstin Breitenfellner ( born 26 September 1966 in Vienna ) is an Austrian - German author , journalist , literary critic and yoga teacher .
Shyam Selvadurai ( born 12 February 1965 ) is a Sri Lankan Canadian novelist who wrote Funny Boy ( 1994 ) , which won the Books in Canada First Novel Award , and Cinnamon Gardens ( 1998 ) .
Connie Henry ( born 15 April 1972 in London ) is a British sports journalist and former triple jumper who represented Great Britain and England internationally .
Derry Mathews ( born 23 September 1983 ) is an English lightweight boxer .
Lucien LaCoste ( 1908 -- 1995 ) was a prominent physicist and metrologist .
Tôn - Thất Tiết ( born Huê , 1933 ) is a Vietnamese - born French music composer .
Eucharius Rösslin ( Roslin , Rößlin ) , sometimes known as Eucharius Rhodion , ( c. 1470 -- 1526 ) was a German physician who authored a book about childbirth called Der Rosengarten ( `` The Rose Garden '' ) in 1513 , which became a standard medical text for midwives .
Ölziin Badrakh ( Mongolian : Өлзийн Бадрах ; 1895 -- July 30 , 1941 ) was a Mongolian politician who served as secretary of the Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party from 1928 to 1932 .
Geoff Snider ( born 2 April 1981 ) is a Canadian lacrosse player from Calgary , Alberta .
Mohsen Garousi ( Persian : محسن گروسی‎‎ ) , born 28 November 1968 is a retired Iranian football player and manager .
Andrei Netto ( Ijuí , 1977 ) is a Brazilian journalist and author .
Qassim Haddad ( born 1948 ) is a Bahraini poet , particularly notable within the Arab world for his free verse poetry .
Pavol Frešo ( born 21 April 1969 ) is a Slovak politician who is currently chairman of SDKÚ - DS , chairman of the Bratislava Region , and member of the National Council of the Slovak Republic .
Lucio Russo ( born 22 November 1944 ) is an Italian physicist , mathematician and historian of science .
Bruce Beresford - Redman ( born April 20 , 1971 ) was the co - creator and executive producer of MTV 's Pimp My Ride and a former producer of Survivor .
Kardo Bestilo ( born in 1976 ) is an Angolan writer , member of the Arts Movement LEV´ARTE born a year after the country independence from Portuguese invasion .
Dame Bobbie Cheema - Grubb DBE ( born 6 October 1966 ) , styled The Hon . Mrs Justice Cheema - Grubb , is a judge of the Queen 's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales .
Neelu Vaghela ( Hindi : नीलू वाघेला ; born 15 April 1970 ) is an Indian actress , dancer and television personality , well known for her work in the Rajasthani cinema .
Fadi Afash ( born 4 January 1974 in Syria ) is a former soccer ( football ) player , most notably with the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division .
Blessed Teresa of Jesus , Child ( 1622 - -1627 ) was a Spanish girl who has been beatified by the Roman Catholic Church .
Charles David Welch ( born 1953 ) is an American diplomat who served as Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs in the United States Department of State from 2005 through 2008 .
Suzanne Clarke McDonough ( born 1933 ) is an American journalist , documentary filmmaker and anti - drug activist , and the founder of Project Straight Dope , the nation 's first anti - drug abuse project .
Jacqueline Jones ( born June 17 , 1948 ) , is an American historian .
Jason Torney ( born 16 June 1977 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer who played 12 seasons in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) with Richmond and the Adelaide Crows .
Augustus the Elder , Duke of Brunswick - Lüneburg ( 18 November 1568 -- 1 October 1636 ) was the Lutheran Bishop of Ratzeburg from 1610 to 1636 and the Prince of Lüneburg from 1633 to 1636 .
Bernard Ogilvie Dodge ( 18 April 1872 -9 August 1960 ) was an American botanist and pioneer researcher on heredity in fungi .
Mukhtar al - Bakri ( born 1981 ) is a Yemeni - American who grew up in the suburbs of Buffalo , New York .
Les Kiss ( born 9 December 1964 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League a former rugby league coach and the current Director of Rugby at Ulster .
Rafael Limón Burgos , also known as Bazooka Limón ( born 13 January 1954 in Tlaxco , Tlaxcala ) is a former boxer and two - time Super Featherweight /Jr . Lightweight world champion .
Ida Conquest ( 1876 -- July 12 , 1937 ) was a leading lady of Broadway in the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Alexander John Skene ( 1820 -- 22 August 1894 ) was Surveyor General of Victoria , ( then a colony , now a state of Australia ) from 1869 to 1886 .
William C. Dudley ( born 1952 ) is the president of Federal Reserve Bank of New York and vice - chairman of the Federal Open Market Committee .
Ray Sonin ( 23 June 1907 - -20 August 1991 ) was an English - born broadcaster on Toronto radio station CFRB and hosted several popular radio programs , including Calling All Britons and Down Memory Lane .
Riccardo Scimeca ( born 13 June 1975 ) is an English former professional footballer who played for Aston Villa , Nottingham Forest , Leicester City , West Bromwich Albion and Cardiff City in a career spanning 16 years , making over 400 appearances .
Stanislav Griga ( born 4 November 1961 ) is a former Slovak football player and football manager of MFK Zemplín Michalovce .
Namık Kemal Yolga ( 1914 -- 2001 ) was a Turkish diplomat and statesman , known as the Turkish Schindler .
Massimo Tononi ( born 22 August 1964 ) is an Italian banker and politician .
Jorge de la Rúa ( 1942 -- August 15 , 2015 ) was an Argentine lawyer and former Government employee .
Henry Birks ( 30 November 1840 -- 16 April 1928 ) was a Canadian businessman and founder of Henry Birks and Sons , a chain of high - end Canadian jewellery stores .
Mufti Abul Qasim Nomani was born in Varanasi ( Banaras ) UP on 14 January 1947 .
Bashir Jan ( born 1964 ) is a Pakistani politician , and since 2011 general secretary of the Awami National Party .
Dragan Mićić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Мићић , born 20 June 1969 ) is a former Bosnian Serb football coach and former player .
Thomas Tsitas ( Greek : Θωμάς Τσίτας ) ( born 30 July 1991 ) is a Greek footballer , currently playing for Anagennisi Karditsa in the Greek Football League , as a striker .
Jan Bols ( born 27 August 1944 in Hoogeveen , Drenthe ) is a former Dutch long track speed skater .
Lorna Webb ( born 26 May 1983 ) is an English professional cyclist from Walsall , West Midlands , born in Runcorn .
Harrie Jekkers ( born 1 July 1951 in The Hague ) is a Dutch singer , writer and cabaretier .
Dave Mahoney ( 30 May 1892 -- 29 March 1947 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Peter Conheim ( born 1968 ) is a multimedia artist who performs and records under the name The Jet Black Hair People .
Xia Gong ( Chinese : 夏恭 ; pinyin : Xià Gōng ; Wade -- Giles : Hsia Kung ; 1872 - - ? ) was a politician of the Republic of China .
Homan Potterton ( born 1946 ) is an art historian and writer who was director of the National Gallery of Ireland , 1980 - 88 .
Addie Muljadi Sumaatmadja ( born 7 October 1959 ) , better known as Addie MS , is an Indonesian conductor .
Maxim Shipov ( born 10 May 1987 in Moscow ) is a Russian born figure skater who competes for Israel .
Dawit Wolde ( born 19 May 1991 ) is an Ethiopian middle distance runner who specialises in the 1500 metres .
Marcus G. Smith ( born 1973 ) is president and chief operating officer and director of NASCAR track owner Speedway Motorports , Inc.(SMI ) and general manager of SMI owned Charlotte Motor Speedway .
Aleksandr Sergeyevich Senatorov ( 8 October 1912 -- 24 January 1993 ) was a commander in the Soviet armed forces .
Bronwyn Nutley ( born 22 June 1983 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player , formerly of Melbourne Victory in the Australian W - League .
McCaffrey Gilmete ( born 3 August 1990 ) is a sprinter representing the Federated States of Micronesia .
Imogen Stubbs , Lady Nunn ( born 20 February 1961 ) is an English actress and playwright .
Miranda Sawyer ( born 1967 ) is an English journalist and broadcaster .
Vinod Kumar Boianapalli ( born 22 July 1959 ) is an Indian politician , advocate and Member of Parliament .
Abraham Leon ( 1918 - -1944 ) ( born Abraham Wejnstok ) , was a Jewish Trotskyist activist and theorist .
Edmund Lenihan ( born 1950 ) , also known as Eddie Lenihan , is an Irish author , storyteller , lecturer and broadcaster .
Frédéric Vieillot ( born 7 September 1990 ) is a French football striker who is currently a free agent after being released by Troyes in 2011 .
Professor Alexander Stewart Herschel ( 5 February 1836 -- 18 June 1907 ) was a British astronomer .
Michaël Murcy ( born 18 September 1979 ) is a French professional football forward , who currently is playing for Thai Premier League side Chainat Hornbill .
Andreas Wank ( born 18 February 1988 ) is a German ski jumper who competes at World Cup level .
Balthasar Cordier ( Corderius ) ( b. at Antwerp , 7 June 1592 ; d. at Rome , 24 June 1650 ) was a Belgian Jesuit exegete and editor of patristic works .
Oliver Reynolds ( born 1957 , in Cardiff , Wales ) is a British poet and critic .
General Yu Hanmou ( simplified Chinese : 余汉谋 ; traditional Chinese : 余漢謀 ; pinyin : Yú Hànmóu ; Jyutping : Yu4 Hon3 Mau4 ; 1896 - -1981 ) was a KMT general from Guangdong .
Joanne Mould ( born 21 July 1970 ) is a British former field hockey player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics . She now works at Leicester Grammar School .
Chester Currier ( 1946 - -2007 ) was a newspaper and magazine columnist and nonfiction book author .
Phillips Barry ( 1880 -- August 29 , 1937 ) was an American academic and collector of traditional ballads in New England .
Cesare Maestri ( born 2 October 1929 ) is an Italian mountaineer and writer .
Athene Seyler , CBE ( 31 May 1889 -- 12 September 1990 ) was an English actress .
John Reeberg ( born 19 October 1947 ) is a retired Dutch - Surinamese karateka .
Hoyte van Hoytema ( born 4 October 1971 ) is a Dutch - Swedish cinematographer who studied at the Polish National Filmschool in Lodz .
Su - Chun Zhang ( born 1963 in Wenzhou , Zhejiang ) , is an American stem cell researcher at the University of Wisconsin--
Peter Murcott Bunting , MP ( born 7 September 1960 ) is the fifth National Security Minister of Jamaica and the Member of Parliament representing the constituency of Central Manchester .
Christophe Brunnquell ( born 1969 ) is a French art director , and artist .
Antonio Tizzano ( 1940 ) is a judge of the European Court of Justice since 2006 , he serves as Vice - President since October 2015 .
Sui He ( Chinese : 何穗 ; pinyin : Hé Suì , born 23 September 1989 ) is a Chinese fashion model and actress .
Edward Cheserek ( born 2 February 1994 ) is a collegiate distance runner for the University of Oregon .
Brett Mullins ( born 21 January 1972 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and early 2000s .
Sir George Downing , 1st Baronet ( 1623 -- 22 July 1684 ) was an Anglo - Irish preacher , soldier , statesman , diplomat , turncoat and spy , after whom Downing Street in London is named .
Edith MacArthur MBE ( born 8 March 1926 in Ardrossan , North Ayrshire ) , is a Scottish actress , noted for her elegant screen presence .
Zdeněk Šafář ( born 27 July 1978 ) is a Czech freestyle skier who specializes in the skicross discipline .
Bjørn Ousland ( born May 14 , 1959 ) is a Norwegian illustrator , children 's writer and comics writer .
Aaron Weistrop ( born 21 April 1973 ) is an American guitarist and composer based out of Chicago .
Isaac Edward Salkinsohn ( 1820 - June 5 , 1883 ) , ( Hebrew : יצחק סלקינסון‎ , Yitzhak Salkinsohn ) , was a Lithuanian Jew who converted to Christianity , and lived during the Jewish Enlightenment .
Patrick Blondeau ( born 27 January 1968 ) is a former international footballer who played in Ligue 1 and the Premier League .
Damian Sexton ( born 3 December 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) in 1990 .
Dr. Pál Völner ( born 30 November 1962 ) is a Hungarian jurist and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Komárom ( Komárom - Esztergom County Constituency IV ) from 2010 to 2014 , and for Esztergom Komárom - Esztergom County Constituency II ) since 2014 .
Alonso de Escobar ( 1545 - -1613 ) was a Spanish Military , Regidor of Buenos Aires Cabildo .
Michael Schacht ( born 1964 in Wiesbaden ) is a German game designer , graphician and owner of the small publishing company Spiele aus Timbuktu .
Casey Wasserman ( born 1974 ) is an entertainment executive , sports agent executive who owned the now defunct Arena League football team , the Los Angeles Avengers .
Frank M. Gibson ( born 1916 or 1917 ) is a Canadian businessman who was a member of a group of businessmen who pushed for the merging of the Hamilton Wildcats and Hamilton Tigers football clubs to form the Hamilton Tiger - Cats in 1950 .
Charles Stewart Verdery Jr. ( born 1967 ) is an American lobbyist and political professional who founded the government affairs and consulting firm Monument Policy Group in 2006 , where he remains a partner .
Liz Robertson ( born 4 May 1954 ) is an English actress and singer and the widow of playwright and lyricist Alan Jay Lerner .
Park Inyoung ( Hangul : 박인영 ; born 18 March 1982 ) is a South Korean actress and singer .
R. Ellen Magenis ( 1925 - 2014 ) was a distinguished American pediatrician , medical geneticist and cytogeneticist .
Jørgen Strickert ( born 28 May 1980 in Trondheim ) is a Norwegian satirist , comedian and writer .
Pribislaw I , Lord of Parchim - Richenberg ( between 15 February and 3 June 1224 -- after 12 February 1275 ) , was Lord of Parchim - Richenberg from 1238 to 1256 .
Antonio Vojak ( 19 November 1904 -- 9 May 1975 ) was a famous Italian football player whose career was played out during the 1920s and 1930s .
Gareth Flockhart ( born 11 May 1972 in Scotland ) is a Scottish former Scotland A international rugby union player who played for Glasgow Warriors and Caledonia Reds at the Flanker position .
Mehmet Avni Özgürel ( born 1948 , in Ankara ) is a Turkish journalist , author and screenwriter .
Brendan Worth ( born 18 July 1984 in Darwin , Northern Territory ) is an Australian rugby league footballer for the Cessnock Goannas of the Newcastle Rugby League ..
Margaret Leung Ko May - yee , SBS ( Chinese : 梁高美懿 ) ( born 1952 in Hong Kong ) is deputy chairman and managing director of Chong Hing Bank Limited .
Born in Ipoh in 1986 , Manrick Singh first represented Malaysia at Under-19 level , playing in the 2003 Youth Asia Cup , a tournament in which Malaysia reached the final before losing to Nepal .
Valerie Martínez ( born 1961 ) is an award - winning American poet , educator , arts administrator , activist and collaborative artist .
Ken Emselle ( born 17 June 1944 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1960s .
David Schuman ( born 1944 ) served as a judge of the Oregon Court of Appeals from 2001 to 2014 .
Tiffany Yong ( 熊慧婷 ; born 9 January 1988 ) , is a Singaporean actress and blogger who posts about the behind - the - scenes acting experiences , food , movies and lifestyle reviews .
Vasil Laçi was born in the village of Piqeras in southern Albania near the city of Sarandë on 15 September 1922 , son of Mihal and Vitori .
Lindsey White ( born 1980 Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is a visual artist working across many disciplines including photography , video , sculpture , and book making .
Shabbir Akhtar ( born 1960 ) is a philosopher , researcher and writer .
Nancy Hartsock ( 1943 -- March 19 , 2015 ) was a feminist philosopher .
Paul Palnik ( born 1946 ) is a Jewish - American artist , writer and educator .
Philip Barton CMG OBE ( born 18 August 1963 ) is a British diplomat who was High Commissioner to Pakistan 2014 - -16 .
Lloque Yupanqui ( Quechua Lluq'i Yupanki `` the glorified lefthander '' ) was the third Sapa Inca of the Kingdom of Cuzco ( beginning around CE 1260 ) and a member of the Hurin dynasty .
Gary A. Nelson ( born c. 1936 ) is an American former politician in the state of Washington .
Mário Artur Borges Oliveira ( born 14 May 1969 ) , simply known as Mário Artur , is a former Portuguese born Mozabican footballer and current assistant manager of Académica de Coimbra .
Jonathan Stranks ( born 16 December 1994 ) is a British acrobatic gymnast who won the title of world men 's fours champion with Adam Buckingham , Adam McAssey and Alex Uttley in July 2010 in Poland .
Francesco Aquilini ( born 1960 ) is a Canadian businessman and investor .
John Georgiou ( born 5 October 1975 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) during the 1990s .
Marcantonio Zimara ( ca . 1460 - -1532 CE ) , was an Italian philosopher .
Georges - François - Marie Gabriel , a French miniature painter and designer , born in Paris in 1775 , was a pupil of Naigeon and Regnault .
Walter Balcanquhall ( 1586?-1645 ) was a Scottish clergyman who became a staunch royalist and supporter of the church policy of Charles I of England .
Ellen Fullman ( born 1957 ) is an American composer , instrument builder , and performer .
Chang Chen - yue , also known as A - Yue , and by his Amis name Ayal Komod ( simplified Chinese : 张震岳 ; traditional Chinese : 張震嶽 ; pinyin : Zhāng Zhènyùe ; Wade -- Giles : Chang Chen - yue ; born 2 May 1974 ) is a Taiwanese rock musician .
Patrick Gaspard ( born 1967 ) is the current United States Ambassador to South Africa .
Derek Symonds ( 11 October 1918 -- 6 October 2001 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Luis Arce Gómez ( Born in 1938 in Sucre ) was a colonel in the Bolivian Army .
Sathya Sai Baba ( born Sathya Narayana Raju ; 23 November 1926 -- 24 April 2011 ) was an Indian guru , and philanthropist .
Arnar Grétarsson ( born 20 February 1972 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic football manager and former professional football player .
Jenő Váncsa ( 17 October 1928 -- 17 January 2016 ) was a Hungarian agrarian engineer and former Communist politician , who served as Minister of Agriculture and Food between 1980 and 1989 .
Pauline Holdstock ( born 1948 ) is a British - Canadian essayist and writer of historical fiction .
Hilda Sour ( 1915 - June 6 , 2003 ) was a Chilean actress and singer , who had an extensive career in Argentina and Mexico .
Tinka Kurti ( born 17 December 1932 ) is one of the best known Albanian actresses .
Chen Baozhen ( Chinese : 陳寶箴 ; pinyin : Chén Bǎozhēn ; 1831 - 1900 ) , was a Chinese statesman and reformer during the Qing Dynasty .
Lydia Forson ( born 1984 ) is an award winning Ghanaian actress , writer , and producer .
Carolina Cano Frayssinet ( Lima , 24 July 1985 ) is a Peruvian actress and dancer of French descent .
Craig Roberts Stapleton ( born 1945 ) is a former United States ambassador to France and the Czech Republic .
Jerzy Domaradzki ( born 6 January 1943 in Lviv ) is a Polish born film director , resident in Australia .
Gregers Algreen - Ussing ( born 30 November 1938 in Tehran ) is a Danish architect and professor emeritus at the Kunstakademiets Arkitektskole ( School of Architecture ) .
Phil Mulloy ( born 1948 ) is a British animator of Irish ancestry .
Geoffrey Richmond ( born 1940 or 1941 ) was a football chairman of Bradford City from 1994 to 2002 , and previously chairman of Scarborough .
Ahmet Özhan ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ahmet özhan ) , born 26 August 1950 ) is a prominent Turkish classic music singer , conductor , and actor .
Heidi Horten ( née Jelinek ; born 13 February 1941 ) is an Austrian billionaire , and the widow of businessman Helmut Horten .
Faith Brown ( born 28 May 1944 ) is an English actress , singer , comedienne and impressionist .
William J. Dreyer , Ph.D. ( 1928 -- April 23 , 2004 ) was a molecular immunologist and California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) professor of biology from 1963 to 2004 .
Susan Point ( born 5 April 1952 ) is a Musqueam Coast Salish artist from Canada , who works in the Coast Salish tradition .
Louis Cartier ( 1875 - -1942 ) was a famous French watchmaker and businessman known worldwide for his watch designs .
Reiner Hollmann ( born 30 September 1949 ) is a German former football player and now manager .
Sam B. Strother ( 16th June 1871 - -19th January 1929 ) was the mayor of Kansas City , Missouri for two months in 1922 .
Jaroslav Veis ( born 1946 ) is a Czech journalist and science fiction writer .
Alison Hawthorne Deming ( b. 1946 Hartford , Connecticut ) is an American poet , and essayist .
Nikoleta Kyriakopoulou ( Greek : Νικολέτα Κυριακοπούλου , born 21 March 1986 ) is a Greek pole vaulter .
Sir Charles Blyth , CBE , BEM ( born 14 May 1940 ) , known as Chay Blyth , is a Scottish yachtsman and rower .
Philip Ma Ching Yeung ( ( traditional Chinese ( HK ) ) : 馬清揚 ) ( born 1 May 1963 ) is a racing driver from Hong Kong , who has raced in the World Touring Car Championship .
Robert Dudley Best ( 1892 - -1984 ) was a British manufacturer deeply involved with the Modern design movement in and immediately after the interwar years .
Ma Zhenjun ( Chinese : 麻振军 ; born 1962 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Yehuda HaKohen ( Hebrew : יהודה הכהן‎ , born 1979 ) is an Israeli alternative peace activist and critic of government corruption , globalization and Westernization in the Middle East .
Jaakko Ojaniemi ( born 28 August 1980 in Peräseinäjoki ) is a Finnish former decathlete .
Bob Flaws ( born 1946 ) is a well - known practitioner of and prolific author and translator on Chinese medicine .
Jürgen Schadeberg ( born 1931 ) is a South African photographer and artist .
Fred Barr ( 1882 - 1940 ) ran a burro train business to Pikes Peak , but was known for his work blazing trails .
Wang Yirong ( Chinese : 王懿榮 ; pinyin : Wáng Yìróng ; 1845 - -1900 ) was a director of the Chinese Imperial Academy , best known as the first to recognize that the symbols inscribed on oracle bones were an early form of Chinese writing .
Charles Alexander Calvert ( 28 February 1828 -- 12 June 1879 ) was a British actor and theatre manager noted for Shakespearean `` revivals '' featuring elaborate staging and historically accurate sets and costumes .
Ferrando Bertelli ( born c. 1525 ) was an Italian engraver of the Renaissance period .
Oleh Kerchu ( Ukrainian : Олег Миколайович Керчу ; born 6 July 1984 ) is a professional Ukrainian footballer who plays for Nyva Ternopil .
Anna Jennings - Edquist ( born 13 April 1985 ) is an Australian lawyer , journalist , actress , playwright and director in both theatre and television .
Jamie Rooney ( born 3 January 1980 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer who is currently the Head Coach of his hometown amateur club Featherstone Lions .
Uwe - Jens Mey ( born 13 December 1963 ) is a former speed skater , considered to be the fastest sprinter of his time because of his 500 metres supremacy in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Caroline Webster ( born 1964 ) is an English former actress who is now a freelance film director and headshot photographer .
Netty van Hoorn ( born 14 June 1951 ) is a Dutch film director and producer who has won several awards for her work .
Geoff Pevere ( born October 1957 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian lecturer , author , broadcaster , teacher , arts and media critic , and currently the Program Director with the Rendezvous With Madness Film Festival in Toronto .
Muhittin Sebati ( 1901 , Amasya - 1932 , Istanbul ) was a Turkish Post - impressionist painter and sculptor .
Hugh de Selincourt ( 15 June 1878 -- 20 January 1951 ) was an English author and journalist , chiefly remembered today for his timeless tale of village cricket , The Cricket Match ( 1924 ) .
Olawale Adeniji Ige Member of the Order of the Federal Republic , MFR ( Born 13 October 1938 ) is a Nigerian Electrical engineer and former Minister of the Federal Ministry of Communications ( 1990 - 1992 ) .
Ilana Cohen ( Hebrew : אילנה כהן‎ , born 16 November 1943 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for One Nation and the Labor Party from 2003 until 2006 .
István Nyers ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈiʃtvaːn ˈɲerʃ ) ; 25 May 1924 -- 9 March 2005 ) , also known as `` Stefano Nyers '' , was a Hungarian football ( soccer ) player .
Gunnsteinn Ólafsson ( born 1962 ) is an Icelandic conductor of orchestra , musical ensembles and opera .
Yvonne Green ( born 8 April 1957 ) is an English poet , translator , writer and barrister .
Akhlaq Qureshi ( born 7 February 1962 ) was a Pakistani - born Italian cricketer .
Brian Christen ( born 27 November 1926 in Bradford , England ) was a Canadian cricketer : a left - arm fast - medium bowler .
João Maria Barreto Ferreira do Amaral , 2nd Baron of Oliveira Lima , OC ( Lisbon , São Pedro de Alcântara , 5 January 1909 - ? ) was a Portuguese nobleman .
Joseph Silver ( 1868 - 1918 ) also known as the `` King of Pimps '' , was a man who terrorized women in Johannesburg , South Africa during the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Anne Atkins ( born 1956 ) is an English broadcaster , journalist and novelist .
Agnieszka Domańska ( born 8 March 1975 in Łódź ) is a Polish former ice dancer .
Ngai Shiu - kit , OBE , SBS , JP ( born 14 November 1924 , Hong Kong ) was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong ( 1985 - -97 ) for the Industrial ( Second ) constituency , representing the Chinese Manufacturers ' Association of Hong Kong and Provisional Legislative Council .
Michael Bojesen ( born 7 August 1960 ) is a Danish conductor , composer , choirmaster and arranger , winner of the Danish annual prize for choral composition in 1998 .
Harold Faltermeyer ( born Harald Faltermeier ; 5 October 1952 ) is a German musician , keyboard player , composer and record producer .
Paul Chart ( born 10 October 1961 ) is an English film director , screenwriter and producer .
Chan Sau Chung , The Monkey King ( born in Hong Kong in 1932 ) is the current Head of the Da Sheng Pi Gua Kung Fu .
William Eliot , 2nd Earl of St Germans ( 1 April 1767 -- 19 January 1845 ) , known as William Elliot until 1823 , was a British diplomat and politician .
Saint William of Volpiano ( Italian : Guglielmo da Volpiano ; French : Guillaume de Volpiano ; English : William of Dijon , William of Saint Benignus ) ( June / July 962 -- January 1 , 1031 ) was an Italian monastic reformer and architect .
Neon Hitch ( born 25 May 1986 ) is an English singer and songwriter .
Thomas Goodall ( born 1767 ) was a British merchant captain .
CeDell Davis ( born Ellis Davis , 9 June 1927 ) is an American blues guitarist and singer .
Olga Yeritsidou ( In Greek : Όλγα Γεριτσίδου ; born 1955 ) is a Greek educational psychologist , psychosocial researcher , analyst and author .
Joe Yamauchi ( born c. 1933 ) is a retired Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos , Calgary Stampeders and BC Lions .
John Worsdale ( born 29 October 1948 ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Lincoln City and Stoke City .
Zou Hang ( Chinese : 邹航 ; born 1975 ) is a Chinese Composer born in Hunan province .
Björgólfur Hideaki Takefusa ( born 11 May 1980 ) is an Icelandic football forward of Japanese , American and Icelandic descent , currently playing for Fram .
William Frederick Wakeman ( 1822 -- 15 October 1900 ) was an Irish archaeologist , initially producing works as an artist and then as an author .
Paul Wells ( born 1966 ) is a Canadian journalist and pundit , currently working as a columnist for Maclean 's .
K. J. Rao ( born 1942 ) was an advisor to the Indian Election Commission .
Edna Mann ( 1926 , London , England -- 1985 ) was a British painter and co - founder of the Borough Group of artists .
Josh Appignanesi ( born 1975 ) is a British film director , producer , and screenwriter .
Barði Jóhannsson ( born 10 September 1975 ) is an Icelandic musician , composer , writer , TV show host ( of the surrealist Icelandic TV show Konfekt ) , clothing designer and film director .
Henrik Szabo ( born December 18 , 1982 ) is a Swedish songwriter .
Rukhsana Kausar ( born 1989 ) is a Pahari Gujjar woman from Upper Kalsi known for the 2009 shooting of a LeT militant at her home , in Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir ( J&K ) .
Nina Sosanya ( born 1969 ) is an English stage , television , and film actress .
Mark Titchner ( born 1973 ) is an English artist , and 2006 nominee for the Turner Prize .
Chris Purdy ( born Christopher Purdy , September 1972 ) is an American musician and songwriter .
David W. Tucker ( 1929 - -2003 ) was a jazz trombonist , music educator , composer of band and orchestral music , record producer , and marching band arranger , most renowned as the director of the University of California Jazz Ensembles from 1969 until 1985 .
Róbert Bárány ( 22 April 1876 -- 8 April 1936 ) was an Austro - Hungarian otologist .
Rajesh Sai Babu , ( born 1 March 1984 ) is an Indian dancer and choreographer , specializing in Mayurbhanj Chhau dance UNESCO 's heritage .
Uroš Stamenić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Урош Стаменић ; born 14 October 1996 ) is a Serbian football winger who plays for Serbian SuperLiga side Vojvodina .
Iron Nation ( February 1815 - -November 14 , 1894 ) was a principal chief of the Lower Brulé Lakota .
Tonje Kristiansen ( born 29 September 1967 ) is a retired Norwegian sailor .
Karl Davey ( 14 February 1964 ) born in Wakefield , is an English amateur and professional welterweight boxer of the 1970s , and ' 80s .
Rupert Bottenberg ( 19 July 1971 , Wolfville , Nova Scotia ) is an illustrator , comic artist and writer .
William Dodsworth ( 1798 - -1861 ) was an English cleric of the Church of England , a Tractarian who became a Roman Catholic lay writer .
Shahram Dabiri Oskuei ( Persian : شهرام دبیری اسکویی‎ , born 1960 in Tabriz , East Azerbaijan ) is an Iranian politician , physician , sporting director , professor and board of directors Iran Football Federation .
Ian Heward ( born 3 July 1964 in Leeds ) is a British former auto racing driver .
Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr ( Arabic : حسن مصطفى أسامة نصر‎ Ḥassan Muṣṭafā Usāmah Naṣr ) ( born 18 March 1963 ) , also known as Abu Omar , is an Egyptian cleric .
Charles S. Kraszewski ( born 1962 ) is a professor , Slavicist and translator from Polish , Czech , Slovak , Greek and Latin .
Kimo Leopoldo ( born 4 January 1968 ) , or simply Kimo , is a retired American mixed martial artist .
Patricia Anne Sunnucks ( born 21 February 1927 ) is an author and the several - time British Women 's Chess Champion ( 1957 , 1958 , 1964 ) .
Sandip Bhattacharjee ( Hindi : संदीप भट्टाचार्य , Bengali : সন্দীপ ভট্টাচার্য্য ) born on 10 September 1980 is a prominent North Indian ( Hindustani ) Classical Vocalist of Kirana Gharana .
Sanya Borisova - Ilieva ( Bulgarian : Саня Борисова-Илиева , born 9 March 1983 ) is a Bulgarian actress .
Emicarlo Souza ( born 26 October 1981 ) is a Brazilian athlete who runs in the T46 class .
Karl Sheppard ( born 14 February 1991 ) , is an Irish footballer who plays for Cork City .
Juris Cibuļs ( Latgalian : Jurs Cybuļs , born 6 December 1951 Rekova ) is a Latvian publicist , humanist , linguist and translator .
Tan Koon Swan ( simplified Chinese : 陈群川 ; traditional Chinese : 陳群川 ; pinyin : Chén Qún Chuān ; born 24 September 1940 ) is a controversial Malaysian political and corporate figure , who was president of the Malaysian Chinese Association from November 1985 to September 1986 .
Kristen Viikmäe ( born 10 February 1979 ) is a retired Estonian footballer who last played in the Estonian Meistriliiga for JK Nõmme Kalju as a striker .
Mister Bryan Buchan ( born 1945 ) is a Canadian - Scottish author of children 's stories .
Alain Tabourian is a Lebanese politician of Armenian origin ( born in 1964 ) .
Srikant Kumar Jena ( born 18 June 1950 ) , is an Indian politician hailing from Ratnagiri , Distt .
Annu Rani ( born 28 August 1992 in Meerut ) is and Indian javelin thrower and is the current national record holder .
André Haefliger ( born 22 May 1929 ) is a Swiss mathematician who works primarily on topology .
Daniel Goens ( born 15 September 1948 ) is a retired Belgian track cyclist who was most successful in the tandem , together with Robert Van Lancker .
Killick Erik Hinds ( born 1972 ) of Athens , Georgia is active as a composer , performer , and promoter of a wide range of music .
David Cawley ( born 19 September 1991 in Castlebar ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for League of Ireland Premier Division club St Patrick 's Athletic .
Mehdi Azizian ( Persian : مهدی عزیزیان‎ , born 20 January 1956 ) is an Iranian businessman and economist who is President and CEO of Astan Quds Razavi ( AQR ) since 1 March 2014 .
Éleuthère Irénée du Pont de Nemours ( 24 June 1771 -- 31 October 1834 ) , known as Irénée du Pont , or E. I. du Pont , was a French - American chemist and industrialist who founded the gunpowder manufacturer , E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company .
Martin Jago ( born 4 August 1972 ) is a British theatre director and author .
Hugo Williams ( born Hugh Anthony Mordaunt Vyner Williams 20 February 1942 ) is a British poet , journalist and travel writer .
Margaret Lock ( born 1936 ) is a distinguished Canadian medical anthropologist , known for her publications in connection with an anthropology of the body and embodiment , comparative epistemologies of medical knowledge and practice , and the global impact of emerging biomedical technologies .
Ivan Dorn ( born 17 October 1988 ) is a Russian - born Ukrainian singer and TV presenter , the former participant of group `` A Pair of Normal '' ( Пара Нормальных ) .
Susanne Rottenbacher ( born 11 July 1969 ) is a German artist primarily concerned with light , color and installation .
Theodoric of Landsberg ( German : Dietrich , nicknamed the Wise or the Fat ; 1242 -- 8 February 1285 ) , a member of the House of Wettin was Margrave of Landsberg from 1265 until his death .
Patrick Gerald Duggan ( born 24 March 1945 ) , known as Patrick Malahide , is a British actor who has played a large number of film and television roles .
J. Steven Wilkins ( born 27 June 1950 ) is a conservative American Calvinist and evangelical pastor and author .
Peter Craigmyle ( born 1 January 1894 ) was a Scottish football referee .
Daniel Kelaart ( born 6 January 1986 ) is an Australian singer - songwriter and record producer .
Henry Maitland Clark ( 11 April 1929 -- 24 March 2012 ) was a Northern Irish colonial administrator and politician .
Girolamo Donnini ( 18 April 1681 -- 1743 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , born in the town of Correggio .
Anna Karin Strömstedt Olsson ( born 1 January 1981 , in Vansbro , Dalarna ) is a retired Swedish cross country skier and biathlete who has competed since 1998 .
Francisco González Guinán ( 3 October 1841 -- 7 December 1932 ) , was a Venezuelan politician , journalist , lawyer , prominent historian of the 19th century in his country , and one of the main supporters of Antonio Guzmán Blanco .
Joseph Kitur Kiplimo ( born 20 July 1988 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres .
Omar Abdalla Aboelazm ( born 25 May 1980 ) is a Swedish citizen who was arrested in Denmark in 2010 over a suspected terror plot against the Danish newspaper Jyllands - Posten .
Belarmino Rivera Jimminson ( born 1956 or 1957 ) is a retired Honduran football player .
Michael Honywood D.D. ( 1597 - -1681 ) was an English churchman , Dean of Lincoln from 1660 .
Jacqui Gordon ( born 1962 , Melbourne ) is an Australian actress , best known for her role in the television drama Prisoner as Susie Driscoll .
Susanna Cox ( 1785 - -1809 ) was a young domestic servant in Berks County , Pennsylvania , accused of murdering her illegitimate infant son .
Scott Watson ( born 28 June 1971 ) is a New Zealander who was convicted in May 1999 of the murders of Ben Smart and Olivia Hope on his boat Blade on 1 January 1998 .
Olive Mercer ( 1906 - -1983 ) , born Agnes Mary Louise Carter , was a British television actress .
Silvia Neid ( born 2 May 1964 ) is a retired professional football player .
Simon Dwyer ( born 12 January 1989 ) is an Australian professional Rugby league footballer for the Wests Tigers in the National Rugby League ( NRL ) .
Lucy Saunders ( born 1957 ) is an American writer whose work includes articles and books about craft beer , cooking with beer , and pairing food with beer .
Nancy Killefer ( born 1953 ) is an American government consultant and political figure .
Francisco de Sá Noronha ( 1820 - -1881 ) was a Portuguese composer and violinist who wrote a `` Fantasy for violin and orchestra '' , and many other works .
Sydney Guillaume ( born 22 July 1982 ) is a Haitian - American composer of contemporary classical music and film music , conductor , clinician , singer and pianist based out of Los Angeles , California .
Niv Antman ( Hebrew : ניב אנטמן‎ ; born 2 August 1992 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Haifa .
Darren Oldroyd ( born 1 November 1966 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Everton and Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Lieutenant - General Louis Hogan DSM ( 1921- 21 June 2001 ) , was the Irish Defence Forces Chief of Staff from June 1981 to April 1984 .
Margaret Harrison ( born 1940 in Wakefield , Yorkshire , England ) is an English feminist and artist whose work uses a variety of media and subject matter .
Willem Coertzen ( born 30 December 1982 in Nigel ) is a South African track and field athlete who competes in the decathlon .
Miroslav Radović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирослав Радовић ; born 16 January 1984 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Olimpija Ljubljana in the Slovenian PrvaLiga .
Zakari Lambo ( born 14 May 1976 in Argoum Doutchi ) is a former Nigerien footballer , who played as a striker .
Sven Rydenfelt ( 23 January 1911 -- 15 February 2005 ) was a Swedish economist and political writer known for his libertarian views .
Walter Brearley , born 11 March 1876 , at Bolton , Lancashire ; died 30 January 1937 , at the Middlesex Hospital , Marylebone , London was a cricketer who played for Lancashire and England .
Shi Hengxia ( simplified Chinese : 史恒侠 ; traditional Chinese : 史恆俠 ; pinyin : Shǐ Héngxiá , born 1977 ) is a woman from Wugong County , Shaanxi Province , China who received worldwide notoriety in 2005 for her postings on the Internet .
Albert Norton ( 1 January 1836 -- 11 March 1914 ) was a Queensland politician , Speaker of the Queensland Legislative Assembly and pastoralist .
Bret Cooper ( born December 16 , 1970 ) is a former American football player who played twelve seasons in the Arena Football League with the Tampa Bay Storm , Memphis Pharaohs , San Jose SaberCats , Orlando Predators , Buffalo Destroyers and Georgia Force .
Caleb Angas ( 1782 -- 6 February 1860 ) was an agriculturist from Yorkshire , England .
Bert Drinkwater ( 28 September 1895 -- 27 July 1947 ) was an Australian rules footballer for Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ian Ramage ( born 5 November 1958 ) is a cricket umpire from Scotland .
William Homan Thorpe FRS ( 1 April 1902 -- 7 April 1986 ) was Professor of Animal Ethology at the University of Cambridge , and a significant British zoologist , ethologist and ornithologist .
Tim Ridlen ( born Missouri , 1984 ) is an artist and writer living and working in New York City .
Grant Bristow ( born February 1958 , Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada ) was a mole for the Canadian Security Intelligence Service ( CSIS ) working inside the Heritage Front for six years , who was exposed by Toronto Sun reporter Bill Dunphy in August 1994 ( several months after ending his work ) .
Cecelia Wolstenholme ( 18 May 1915 -- 1968 ) , later known by her married name Cecelia Thornton , was an English competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympic Games and European championships , and England in the British Empire Games .
Nagma Shrestha ( Nepali : नगमा श्रेष्ठ ) ( born 10 November 1991 ) is Miss Nepal Earth 2012 .
Cyril Harley ( 10 October 1910 -- 2 December 1950 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Paulina García Alfonso ( born 27 November 1960 ) , better known as Pali García , is a Chilean actress , theatre director and playwright .
Mārtiņš Peniķis was born 6 November 1874 at Atālmauli homestead , Turlava parish , Courland Governorate in an ancient family of Curonian Kings .
Frits Hansen ( 31 January 1841 -- 8 June 1911 ) was a Norwegian educator , newspaper editor , biographer and politician .
Rick Maybury ( born 1954 ) is a British technology journalist , editor , author , part - time aviator and collector of 1960s technology .
Sara Sugarman ( born 13 October 1962 ) is a Welsh actress and film director whose work includes Disney 's Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen ( 2004 ) and Very Annie Mary ( 2001 ) .
James Brydges , 8th Baron Chandos ( 1642 - -1714 ) was English Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire .
Vince Murdocco ( born 1966 ) is a Canadian actor and former kickboxer .
Edward Keble Talbot MC ( 31 December 1877 -- 21 October 1949 ) was an English Anglican priest , who was the Superior of the Community of the Resurrection , a religious community for men in Mirfield , West Yorkshire .
Zhou Xuhong ( simplified Chinese : 周绪红 ; traditional Chinese : 周緒紅 ; pinyin : Zhōu Xùhóng ; born October 1956 ) is a Chinese physicist and educator .
James Cantero Coitiño ( born 7 February 1967 ) is a Uruguayan former football striker and player 's agent .
Andriy Vasylyshyn ( 24 April 1933 ) is an Ukrainian army general and politician .
Natasha Moodie ( born 8 October 1990 ) is a Jamaican competitive swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Joe Kodeih ( born September 3 , 1967 in Ashrafieh , Beirut ) is a writer , actor and director .
Ukamaka Olisakwe ( born 24 October 1982 ) is a Nigerian feminist author , short - story writer , and screenwriter .
Edoarda Vesselovsky ( born 8 March 1940 ) , better known by her stage name Edy Vessel , Edi Vessel , or Edy Vesel , is an Italian actress and businesswoman .
Kari Sylwan ( born 15 October 1940 ) is a Swedish actress , dancer , ballet teacher , and choreographer .
Shani Anderson was born on 7 August 1975 in St Vincent and was a resident of Catford , London .
David Will CBE ( 20 November 1936 -- 25 September 2009 ) was a Scottish association football administrator who held a number of prominent positions .
Francisco Mariano Quiñones ( 1830 -- September 13 , 1908 ) was a proponent of the abolition of slavery and of the self - determination of Puerto Rico .
Terry Teachout ( born 6 February 1956 ) is an American critic , biographer , librettist , playwright , and blogger .
Norine G. Johnson ( December 3 , 1935 -- November 19 , 2011 ) was an American psychologist and a past president of the American Psychological Association .
Josepha Conti ( born 1825 ) was a Bavarian servant and beauty of the 19th century .
Craig Call Black ( 1932 - -1998 ) was an American paleontologist noted for his studies of the vertebrate .
Mehdi Meriah ( born 5 June 1979 ) is a retired Tunisian football ( soccer ) player who played as a left back or a midfielder .
Frank Varey ( 31 March 1908 in Eldwick , England -- February 1988 in Sheffield , England ) was a former international speedway rider who featured in the Speedway World Championship finals in 1937 and 1938 .
Sam Bass Warner ( 1889 - -1979 ) was the fourth Register of Copyrights in the United States Copyright Office .
Raine Davison ( born Raine Davies , 25 January 1984 in Blackpool , Lancashire ) is an English actress known for appearing in many English Soap Operas such as ITV 's Emmerdale as Eve Birch from 2001 - -2002 .
Victor Berco ( born 20 April 1979 in Bălţi , Moldavian SSR ) was a Moldovan footballer , retired in 2010 .
John Jack Kraft ( February 10 , 1921 -- August 28 , 2014 ) was an American basketball coach who coached Villanova for 12 years , from 1961 through 1973 .
Gordon Fergus - Thompson FRCM ( born 9 March 1952 ) is an English concert pianist .
Les Field ( 29 November 1923 -- 29 November 1991 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Brita Klemetintytär ( 1621 - 1700 ) was a Finnish woman postmaster .
Willie McFarlane ( 1 October 1923 in Fallin -- October 1998 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Bathgate Thistle , Hearts , Stirling Albion , Kilmarnock and Inverness Caledonian .
Dr. Edward G. Jefferson ( 1921 , London--2006 ) was a British - born American chemical engineer , chemist , businessman , CEO and Chairman of DuPont corporation .
Paul Bosvelt ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈpʌu̯ɫ ˈbɔsfɛɫt ) , born 26 March 1970 ) is a retired Dutch footballer .
Marcus Warren Hobbs ( born 1970 ) , known by his stage name Marcus Satellite is an American composer , electronic musician , Microtonal music , and computer graphics professional noted for creating microtonal electronic music and animated films using advanced computer software .
Alexandre Aja ( born 7 August 1977 ) is a French film director who rose to international stardom for his 2003 horror film Haute Tension ( known as High Tension in the US and Switchblade Romance in the UK ) .
Alan Neilson ( born 26 September 1972 ) is a Welsh former professional footballer who currently works as a Professional Development Coach for Norwich City .
Francesco Antonozzi ( Osimo or Loreto , Province of Ancona , 1685 - Rome , 1741 ) was an Italian painter , depicting religious topics , figures , and landscape .
Mark Amos ( born 5 August 1951 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Yury Afanasenko ( born 19 August 1973 ) is a Belarusian professional football coach and a former player .
Apara Mehta ( born 13 August 1960 ) is an Indian television and Bollywood actress known for her supporting roles like Savita Mansukh Virani in iconic show Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi .
Gidget Sandoval Herrera ( born c. 1966 ) is the titleholder of Miss International for 1983 .
Rosarius Mary Hagius ( 1673 - -1757 ) was a minor Maltese mediaeval philosopher who specialised mainly in metaphysics .
Anne Appleby ( born 1954 ) is an American color field / landscape painter .
Fujiwara no Yoritada ( 藤原 頼忠 ; 924 - -989 ) , the second son of Saneyori , was a kugyo ( high - ranked Japanese noble ) who served as regent for Emperor En'yū and Emperor Kazan .
Mordechai Shmuel Ashkenazi ( 1943 -- January 14 , 2015 ) was an Orthodox rabbi and a member of the Chabad Hasidic movement .
Herb Ohta aka Ohta - San is an American Ukulele player born in 1934 in Hawaii who has recorded solo , as a group and with Andre Popp on the A&M Records label , which was co - owned by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss .
Iain Glen ( born 24 June 1961 ) is a Scottish film , television , and stage actor .
Franz Lackner ( born 14 July 1956 ) is an Austrian prelate who currently serves as the Archbishop of Salzburg .
August , Duke of Saxe - Merseburg - Zörbig ( Merseburg , 15 February 1655 -- Zörbig , 27 March 1715 ) , was a German prince and member of the House of Wettin .
Rusty Edwards is a hymnwriter who was born in Dixon , Illinois on January 22 , 1955 .
Liem Soei Liang ( Chinese : 列姆隋亮 ) , also known as Surya Lesmana ( 20 May 1944 -- 8 August 2012 ) was an Indonesian Association football player and manager .
Richard Thalheimer ( born 1948 ) is founder , and former CEO and chairman , of The Sharper Image Corporation .
Major Thomas Henry Gem ( 21 May 1819 -- 4 November 1881 ) , known as Harry Gem , was an English lawyer , soldier , writer and sportsman .
Alparslan Pehlivanlı ( 1947 - 14 April 1994 , Kırıkkale ) was a Turkish lawyer and politician , and a parliamentary deputy for the Motherland Party .
Robert W. Rosenthal ( 1945 -- February 7 , 2002 ) was an American economist , most known for his contributions to game theory .
Svatopluk Bouška ( born 29 April 1947 ) is a former football player and manager .
Jimmy Work ( born 1924 , Akron , Ohio ) was an American country musician best known for the country standard `` Making Believe '' .
Sanna Pakirappa or Sanna Pakkirappa ( born 21 September 1958 ) is an Indian politician and member of 15th lok sabha from Raichur constituency .
Callum MacLeod ( born 20 January 1988 in Northampton ) is a professional British race car driver who drove in the 2009 and 2010 European F3 Open Championship seasons , .
Annick Lanoë ( born 1948 ) is a French film director , screenwriter and author .
Alfred Znamierowski ( born June , 1940 ) is a Polish vexillologist , heraldist and journalist .
Cecilia Uddén ( born 28 October 1960 ) is a Swedish journalist , radio host and foreign reporter for Sveriges Radio .
It is not known exactly when Li Ke was born , but he was likely born around 619 , as he was the third son of Li Shimin the Prince of Qin , a son of Emperor Gaozu .
Avram Hershko ( Hebrew : אברהם הרשקו‎ ; born 31 December 1937 ) is a Hungarian - born Israeli biochemist and Nobel laureate in Chemistry .
Género Zeefuik ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ʒɪnˈɪːroː ˈzeːfœyk ) ; born 5 April 1990 ) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for Balikesirspor in the Turkish Süper Lig .
Sean Wilsey ( born 1970 ) is the author of the memoir Oh the Glory of It All , published by Penguin in 2005 .
Roberto Venturini ( born 30 December 1960 ) is a Sammarinese politician who served as a Captain Regent with Andrea Belluzzi , from April to October 2015 .
Farès Boueiz ( born 15 January 1955 ) is a Lebanese politician , who served as foreign minister for two terms and also , as environment minister .
Professor Lafran Pane ( 5 February 1922 -- 25 January 1991 ) was an Indonesian academic best remembered for establishing the Muslim Students ' Association .
Dermot McCarthy ( born 1954 ) is a former Irish civil servant .
Hsu Jo - ting ( Chinese : 徐若庭 ; pinyin : Xú Ruòtíng ; born 18 March 1990 ) is a Taiwanese fencer .
Tom Rock ( born 27 June 1984 in Keighley , West Yorkshire ) is a rugby union footballer who plays for London Welsh .
Sébastien Squillaci ( French pronunciation : ​(sebastjɛ̃ skilaˈsi ) ; born 11 August 1980 ) is a French international footballer who plays for Bastia in the Ligue 1 .
Jaroslava Jehličková ( born 24 March 1942 ) is a Czech former middle - distance runner for Czechoslovakia .
Robert D. Manning ( born 1957 ) is an American financial expert in consumer credit and financial services .
Cristiano Malgioglio ( kriˈstjaːno malˈdʒɔʎʎo ) ( born 23 April 1945 ) is an Italian composer , singer - songwriter and television personality .
Weliwita Sri Saranankara Thero ( 19 June 1698 -- 18 July 1778 ) was a Buddhist monk , who was the last Sangharaja of Sri Lanka .
Ron Wojciak ( 1943 - -1966 ) was an American baseball player .
Benny Södergren ( born 23 June 1948 in Torshälla ) is a former Swedish cross - country skier who competed during the 1970s .
John Joseph Lee ( born 9 July 1942 ) is an Irish historian and former senator .
Connie Hansen ( born 29 May 1964 ) is a noted Danish Paralympian .
Professor David Leslie Linton ( 12 July 1906 -- 11 April 1971 ) , British geographer and geomorphologist , was professor of geography at Sheffield and Birmingham , best remembered for his work on the landscape development of south - east England with S.W.Wooldridge , and on the development of tors .
Rohan Nichol ( born 4 July 1976 ) is an Australian actor who played Captain Raymus Antilles in Star Wars Episode III :
Giora Bernstein ( born 1933 ) is a conductor , classical violinist , and Professor Emeritus of Music at the University of Colorado .
Richard Chenevix Trench ( Richard Trench until 1873 ; 9 September 1807 -- 28 March 1886 ) was an Anglican archbishop and poet .
Jana Sinyor ( born 1976 ) is a Canadian television writer and producer .
Reena Choudhary ( born . 2 June 1968 ) is a political and social worker and a member of parliament elected from the Mohanlalganj constituency in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh being a Samajwadi Party candidate .
Nicole Oude Luttikhuis ( born 26 December 1997 in Harbrinkhoek ) is a Dutch volleyball player , who plays as a middle blocker .
Fujiwara no Michikane ( 藤原 道兼 ; 961 -- June 13 , 995 ) , the son of Kaneie , was a Japanese nobleman and monk of the Heian period .
Jim G. Shaffer ( born 1944 ) is an American archaeologist and professor of Anthropology at Case Western Reserve University .
Stefan Askenase ( 10 July 1896 -- 18 October 1985 ) was a Polish - Belgian classical pianist and pedagogue .
Bently Spang ( born 1960 ) is a Northern Cheyenne multidisciplinary artist , writer , and curator .
Christian Fennesz ( born 25 December 1962 ) is an Austrian guitarist active in electronic music , often credited on recordings simply as Fennesz .
Anne Bascove ( born 1946 ) , commonly credited by the mononym Bascove , is an American artist .
Hans Ucko ( born 1946 ) is a priest of the Church of Sweden and a member of the World Council of Churches ( WCC ) .
Ingleton Liburd ( born 27 April 1961 in Trinidad ) was a Canadian cricket player .
Manu Herbstein ( born 1936 ) is the South African author of Ama , a Story of the Atlantic Slave Trade ( 2001 ) , which won the 2002 Commonwealth Writers Prize for Best First Book , the first time the award had been given to an electronic book .
Charles Duguid ( 6 April 1884 -- 5 December 1986 ) was a Scottish - born medical practitioner and Aboriginal rights campaigner who recorded his experience working among the Australian Aborigines in a number of books .
Jiang Mengjie ( simplified Chinese : 蒋梦婕 ; traditional Chinese : 蔣夢婕 ; pinyin : Jiǎng Mèngjié ; born 7 December 1989 ) is a Chinese actress who won the Baihe Award for Best Actress in 2012 .
Floyd Wood ( September 1886 -- March 5 , 1954 ) better known as Gordon De Main , was a film actor .
Enrico Gotti ( 18 July 1867 - 6 June 1920 ) was an Italian General in the service of the Italian Army and the commander of the Italian forces in the Italian held Vlora in 1920 .
Daniel J. Sandin ( born 1942 ) is a video and computer graphics artist / researcher .
Amal Nasser el - Din ( Arabic : أمل نصر الدين‎ , Hebrew : אמל נסראלדין‎ ; born 31 July 1928 ) is a Druze Israeli author and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1977 and 1988 .
Muhammad Musa al - Amri ( محمد موسى العامري ) ( born 1 January 1965 ) is a Yemeni politician .
Leigh Fisher ( born 19 April 1984 ) is an Australian rules football umpire and former player in the Australian Football League ( AFL )
Wang Meiyin ( Chinese : 王美银 , born 26 December 1988 ) is a Chinese cyclist riding for the Hengxiang Cycling Team .
Norman Mackay ( 26 May 1902 -- after 1935 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa , Plymouth Argyle and Southend United .
Namık Uğurlu ( 1976 -- 18 October 2015 ) , or Ankaralı Namık , was a Turkish singer .
Jacques Freymond ( 5 August 1911 -- 4 May 1998 ) was a Swiss political historian .
Gregg Miller , inventor of Neuticles , was born in Independence , Missouri on April 28 , 1953 .
Domenico di Michelino ( 1417 - -1491 ) was an Italian painter of the Florentine school and a follower of the style of Fra Angelico .
Lyn Peters ( c. 1941 -- September 10 , 2013 ) was an Argentine - born British - American model , actress and caterer .
Mihajlo Pjanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Михајло Пјановић ; born 13 February 1977 ) is a Serbian retired professional footballer who played as a striker .
Pep Duran ( Vilanova i la Geltrú , 1955 ) is a Catalan sculptor , painter and designer who has participated in many theater productions and films since 1977 .
Fish Karma ( real name Terry Owen , b. 1959 ) is an American punk rock / comedy rock / folk rock musician from Tucson , Arizona .
Bernie Wayne ( March 6 , 1919 -- April 18 , 1993 ) was an American composer who wrote over 1,000 songs and music for commercial jingles .
Hans Robert Schöler ( born 30 January 1953 ) is a molecular biologist and stem cell researcher .
Charles Grogg ( born 1966 , Gary , Indiana ) is an American contemporary artist and photographer .
Jakub Chleboun ( born 24 March 1985 ) is a Czech football player who currently plays for Hradec Králové in the Synot liga .
Ilija Brašić ( 1882 - 1951 ) was a general in the Royal Yugoslav Army who commanded the 3rd Army during the German - led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia of April 1941 during World War II . Brašić 's command consisted of the Bregalnica , Šumadija , Vardar and Zeta Divisions and the Korn Detachment .
Eric Wertheim ( born 1973 ) is an American naval expert , columnist and author who writes the monthly Combat Fleets of the World column for the Naval Institute 's Proceedings Magazine .
Özgür Buldum ( born 8 May 1976 ) is a well known Turkish music producer sharing 80 % of Turkish commercial jingles sector with four other producers .
Gianni Nunnari ( born 10 August 1959 ) is an Italian film producer and executive .
Keram Malicki - Sánchez ( born 14 May 1974 ) is a Canadian - born actor , singer , writer , futurist , music producer , film producer and film director .
Hüseyin Özer ( born 1949 in Reşadiye , Tokat Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish British executive chef and restaurateur , who owns a restaurant chain based in London
Juanita Quigley ( born 24 June 1931 ) is a former child actress in American motion pictures of the 1930s and 1940s .
Tippy D'Auria ( born 1935 ) is the founder of the Winter Star Party held each year in the Florida Keys sponsored by the Southern Cross Astronomical Society .
Noah Brosch ( born 1948 ) is an Israeli astronomer , astrophysicist and space researcher .
Choung Byoung - gug ( born 10 February 1958 ) is a South Korean politician and the former head of the Ministry of Culture , Sports and Tourism .
Jens Salumäe ( born 15 March 1981 ) is an Estonian former ski jumper and nordic combined skier who has been competing since 2002 .
Siegfried K. Wiedmann ( 1938 - ) is a German electrical engineer noted for his contributions to semiconductor technologies for integrated circuits .
Rafael Wellington Pérez ( born 27 April 1985 ) , commonly known as Rafael Wellington or Rafa Wellington , is a Spanish professional football player who plays for Chiangmai in the Thai Division 1 League .
Soerio Soebagio ( born 18 July 1956 ) , better known as Sys NS , is an Indonesian radio personality and politician .
Syed Tariq Fatemi ( Urdu : طارق فطمى‎ ; b. 9 July 1944 ) , is a Pakistani diplomat , geostrategist , Professor , and the current Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs since 8 June 2013 .
Richard Howard Battey ( born October 16 , 1929 ) is a senior United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota .
Thomas Mozley ( 1806 -- June 17 , 1893 ) , was an English clergyman and writer associated with the Oxford Movement .
Tykhon Zhylyakov ( 9 July 1968 -- 18 February 2011 ) was the Eastern Orthodox bishop of Kremenchuk and Lubny , Ukraine , of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church .
Andreas Schulze ( born 1964 ) is a German political consultant for the Alliance ' 90/The Greens , and the designated Press Secretary of the President of Germany , Joachim Gauck .
Eddy Morrison ( born 1949 ) is a far - right wing political activist in Britain , who has been involved in a number of movements throughout his career .
Yi Teng ( simplified Chinese : 弋腾 ; traditional Chinese : 弋騰 ; pinyin : Yì Téng ; born 22 February 1990 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Sunil Singh Yadav ( born 16 February 1981 ) also known as Sajan is an Indian politician , affiliated with Samajwadi Party .
Andre - Michel Schub ( born 26 December 1952 , Paris ) is a classical pianist .
Chan Chun Sing ( simplified Chinese : 陈振声 ; traditional Chinese : 陳振聲 ; pinyin : Chén Zhènshēng ; Jyutping : Can4 Zan3-sing1 , born 9 October 1969 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Mansour Mohamed El - Kikhia ( Arabic : منصور محمد الكيخيا‎ ) ( born 28 November 1936 ) is a Libyan academic and politician .
David Edwin ( 1776 - -1841 ) , an American engraver , was born at Bath , England .
Orazak Ismagulov ( born 1930 ) is an internationally known anthropologist , doctor of historical sciences ( 1984 ) , corresponding member of the Kazakhstan National Academy of Sciences ( 1994 ) .
Arnold Short Bull ( Lakota : Tȟatȟáŋka Ptéčela ) ( c. 1845 - 1923 ) , a member of the Sičháŋǧu ( Brulé ) Lakota tribe of Native Americans , instrumental in bringing the Ghost Dance movement to the reservations .
Christopher Bennet ( 1617 - -1655 ) was an English physician , known as a writer on tuberculosis .
John Charles Julian Lennon ( born 8 April 1963 ) is a British musician and photographer .
Archie Siswick ( 15 September 1894 -- death registered January→March 1964 ( aged 69 ) ) birth registered in Wakefield district , was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s and ' 30s , playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity ( Heritage # 235 ) , as a Centre , i.e. number 3 or 4 .
Fitzroy Carrington ( 1869 - -1954 ) was an American editor , born at Surbiton , Surrey , England .
Dario Vujičević ( born 1 April 1990 ) is a Bosnian - born Croatian professional footballer who currently plays for Eredivisie side Heracles Almelo .
Ricardo Moniz ( born 17 June 1964 ) is a Dutch professional football coach and former player .
Phil Burke ( born 1982 ) is an Irish Canadian film , television and stage actor , best known for his role as Irish immigrant Mickey McGinnes on the AMC television series , Hell on Wheels .
Gareth Widdop ( born 12 March 1989 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer who is currently the co - captain of the St. George Illawarra Dragons of the National Rugby League .
Brynne Chandler ( born 1958 ) is a writer best known for her work on animated television series such as Gargoyles , Spider - Man :
Ranjani Shettar is an artist born in 1977 in Bangalore , India where she presently lives and works .
Sheila A. Hellstrom ( born ca . 1935 ) is a retired Canadian military officer from Bridgewater , Nova Scotia .
Dagmar Damková ( born 29 December 1974 ) is a former Czech football referee , chair of the Czech Women 's Football committee , chair of the FAČR referees committee and member of the UEFA referees committee .
Sergey Yaromko ( Belarusian : Сяргей Яромка ( Syarhey Yaromka ) ; Russian : Серге́й Яромко ; born 7 April 1967 ) is a former Belarusian footballer ( striker ) and currently a coach .
Dhruba Hazarika ( Assamese : ধ্ৰুৱ হাজৰিকা ) ( born 1956 ) is an Indian novelist who writes in English and hails from Assam .
Slađana Perunović - Pejović ( born 26 March 1984 in Nikšić ) is a Montenegrin long - distance runner and holder of several Montenegrin records .
Paul Q. Judge ( born 1977 in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , U.S. ) is an award - winning technologist , entrepreneur , and speaker .
Keld Heick ( born 24 February 1946 in Frederiksberg ) is a Danish Singer , Songwriter and musician .
The Reverend José Reynal - Restrepo ( 1977 - -2011 ) was a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manizales and the parish priest of the town of Marmato , Caldas in Colombia , South America .
Alfred John Raymond ( 1 February 1856 -- 14 October 1935 ) was timber merchant and politician in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
René de Longueil , marquis ( 1658 ) de Maisons ( 1596 - -1677 ) , le président de Maisons , was Surintendant des Finances under Louis XIII .
Nais Lago ( born 25 February 1914 ) was an Italian stage , film and television actress .
Reshid Akif Pasha ( 1863 -- 15 April 1920 , in Turkish : Reşid Akif Paşa ) was an Ottoman statesman during the last decades of the Ottoman Empire .
Princess Bajrakitiyabha ( Thai : พัชรกิติยาภา ; Thai pronunciation : ( pʰát.ɕʰā(ʔ).rá(ʔ).kì.tì.jāː.pʰāː ) ; rtgs : Phatchara Kitiyapha ; affectionally known as Princess Pa or Patty , ) was born on 7 December 1978 .
Edmund Ffrench , O.P. ( 1775 -- 1852 ) was the Roman Catholic Warden of Galway and Bishop of Kilmacduagh and Kilfenora .
Konstantinos Engolfopoulos ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Εγκολφόπουλος , 1912 - -1991 ) was a Hellenic Navy officer who served twice as Chief of the Hellenic Navy General Staff ( 1967 and 1975 - -76 ) , retiring with the rank of Vice Admiral .
Santiago Zabala ( born 1975 ) is a European philosopher ( raised in Rome , Vienna , and Geneva ) and ICREA Research Professor of Philosophy at the Pompeu Fabra University .
Wen Chao ( Chinese:文超 ; Pinyin : Wén Chāo ; born 16 January 1987 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League .
Ilias Ioannou ( Greek : Ηλίας Ιωάννου ; born 29 October 1979 ) is a Greek footballer who last played for Panetolikos F.C. in the Greek Superleague , as Forward .
Sardar Muhammad Umar Gorgaij ( born 1 July 1952 ) is the current Pakistani Federal Minister for Postal Services .
Jeffrey `` Jeff '' Beltzner ( born 1964 ) , also known by his ring name Brick Bronsky , is an American actor , film producer , professional wrestler and sports promoter .
Nijaz Merdanović ( born 15 January 1957 ) is a retired Bosnian professional footballer and current marketing director of the Football Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Chaim Joseph Stillitz ( 18 February 1903 -- 19 April 1966 ) was a British Jewish businessman who founded and was chairman of the Gor - Ray skirts company .
Albert Prior ( 15 January 1921 - 21 January 1971 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the VFL during the 1940s .
Johan Hagemeyer ( 1 June 1884 , Amsterdam , the Netherlands - 1962 , Berkeley , California USA ) was a Dutch born horticulturalist and vegetarian who is remembered primarily for being an early 20th - century photographer and artistic intellectual .
Ken Quinnell ( born 1939 , Sydney , Australia ) is a screenwriter and director .
Jason Johannisen ( born 8 November 1992 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Clemens van den Broeck ( born 1943 ) is a Dutch artist , and goldsmith .
Max Yoho ( born 1934 in Colony , Kansas ) began writing humorous books and poetry in 1988 after becoming a widower .
Seyed Mohammad Marandi ( Persian : سید محمد مرندی‎‎ ) ( born 1966 in Richmond , Virginia ) is an Iranian academic , political analyst and an expert on American studies and postcolonial literature .
Darren Boughey ( born 30 November 1970 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Exeter City , Stoke City and Wigan Athletic .
Theodoros Papasimakopoulos ( Greek : Θεόδωρος Παπασημακόπουλος , 1790 - 19th century ) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence .
Nikolaj Heinrich ( born 1938 ) is a Greenlandic fisherman and politician , who founded the right wing Polar Party and represented it in parliament 1987 - 1995 , but later switched to Siumut .
Václav F. Kumpošt ( 1846 - -1874 ) was founder of magazine Vesmír .
Lady Rachel Pepys , DCVO ( 27 June 1905 -- 17 August 1992 ) was a Lady - in - Waiting to Princess Marina , Duchess of Kent from 1943 -- 1968 .
Panagiotis Kambas ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Καμπάς , born 1891 , date of death unknown ) was a Greek fencer .
Mahaut of Châtillon ( 1293 - -1358 ) was the daughter of Guy III of Châtillon and Marie of Brittany .
Ralph D. Scurfield ( born March 1956 ) is the CEO , President , and majority shareholder of Sunshine Village Corporation .
Joe Schreiber ( born 1969 ) is an American novelist known for his horror and thriller novels .
Solomon Lefschetz ( Russian : Соломо́н Ле́фшец ; 3 September 1884 -- 5 October 1972 ) was an American mathematician who did fundamental work on algebraic topology , its applications to algebraic geometry , and the theory of non - linear ordinary differential equations .
Air Marshal Perence Shiri ( born 11 January 1955 ) is the current commander of the Air Force of Zimbabwe and a member of the Joint Operations Command which exerts day - by - day control over Zimbabwe 's government .
Harold Roxbee Cox , Baron Kings Norton , FEng , FIMechE ( 6 June 1902 -- 21 December 1997 ) was a British aeronautical engineer .
John Seery ( born 1941 ) is an American artist who is associated with the lyrical abstraction movement .
Gunhild Dahlberg ( born 6 April 1975 ) is a Norwegian television presenter , journalist and author .
Wilhelm Holzbauer ( 3 September 1930 , Salzburg ) is an Austrian architect , noted as a `` pragmatic '' modernist .
Galoubet A ( 1972 - -2005 ) was a horse ridden by the French rider Gilles - Bertran de Ballanda , in International show jumping and is a sire of show jumpers .
Kathryn Cave ( born 1948 in Aldershot , Hampshire , England ) is an award - winning British children 's book author .
Sahu Ramesh Chandra Jain ( 15 August 1925 -- 22 September 2004 ) was a leading mediaperson , philanthropist , promoter of Indian literature and leader of the worldwide Jain community .
Adhir Kalyan ( born 4 August 1983 ) is a South African actor noted for his role as Timmy in the CBS sitcom Rules of Engagement .
Mohamed Boudia ( 24 February 1932 -- 28 June 1973 ) was an Algerian militant and member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) .
Josh Starling ( born 18 May 1990 ) is a rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Manly - Warringah Sea Eagles in the NRL .
Dan Georgakas ( born 1938 ) is an American anarchist poet and historian .
Sukanya Chomchuendee ( also known as Chayanisa ; born 9 September 1988 ) is a Thai pole vaulter .
Valentin Panteleimonovich Smirnov ( Russian : Валенти́н Пантелеи́монович Cмирно́в , b. 2 October 1937 ) , is a Russian scientist , director of the Nuclear Fusion Institute at Kurchatov Institute , and academician ( since 2003 ) of the Russian Academy of Sciences .
Feri Lainšček ( born 5 October 1959 ) is a Slovenian writer , poet , and screenwriter .
Sarah Prince Gill ( 1728 - 1761 ) was an American Christian prayer group leader and writer .
Will Oakland ( January 15 , 1880 - -May 15 , 1956 ) was an American countertenor famed for his exceptionally high vocal range .
Miroslav Vulićević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирослав Вулићевић ; born 29 May 1985 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Partizan , as a right - back .
Françoise Moréchand ( born 1935 ) is a French TV personality active in Japan .
Martin Walkyier ( born 20 November 1967 ) is an English singer known for his bands Sabbat and Skyclad and for his lyrics .
Joanne Coles ( born 25 June 1992 ) is an English woman 's international motorcycle trials rider .
Mohamed Hamdy Zaky , known simply as Mohamed Hamdy ( born 13 December 1991 ) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays for Egyptian club Smouha on loan from Al - Ahly in the Egyptian Premier League , as a striker .
Kim Min - hak ( Hangul : 김민학 ; born 4 October 1988 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Full Back for Gyeongnam FC in the K - League .
Meleka ( born c. 1989 ) is a singer / songwriter who first came to public attention after winning the annual talent competition HUGO Urban Rules . The event saw her performing for music industry experts and stars Estelle and ex - Mystique singer Sabrina Washington , and In November 2014 Meleka signed a publishing deal with Ultra Music
Ognian Boytchev ( Bulgarian : Огнян Бойчев ) ( born 22 June 1955 ) , commonly known as Oggy Boytchev is a British journalist and independent producer with more than 20 years experience at the BBC in London .
Ludwig Wysber ( Hungarian : Wysber Lajos ; 1817 , Pest - ? ) , a Jewish Hungarian journalist and author .
Chilly Gonzales ( born Jason Charles Beck ; 20 March 1972 ) is a Canadian musician who resided in Paris , France for several years , and now lives in Cologne , Germany .
Emily Barton ( born 1969 ) is an American novelist , critic , and academic .
Overton Brent Berlin ( born 1936 ) is an American anthropologist , most noted for his work with linguist Paul Kay on color , and his ethnobiological research among the Maya of Chiapas , Mexico .
Alecos Papadatos ( Alexandros Papadatos , Alekos Papadatos ; Greek : Αλέκος Παπαδάτος ; born 1959 ) , is a Greek comic book writer and illustrator , best known as the artist of Logicomix , a graphic novel written by Apostolos Doxiadis and Christos Papadimitriou .
André de Montalembert ( 1483 - -1553 ) , Seigneur d'Essé , was a French noble man and officer of the 16th century .
John Beverley Nichols ( 9 September 1898 -- 15 September 1983 ) was an author , playwright , journalist , composer , and public speaker .
Daniel Havel ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdanɪjɛl ˈɦavɛl ) ; born 10 August 1991 ) is a Czech sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s .
Edward Neumeier ( often credited as just Ed Neumeier ) ( born 1957 ) is an American screenwriter , producer and director best known for his work on the science fiction movies RoboCop and Starship Troopers .
Richard Frederick ( born 6 August 1965 ) is a Saint Lucian lawyer and politician who was Minister for Physical Planning , Housing , Urban Renewal and Local Government .
Diego Polo the Elder ( 1560 - -1600 ) was a Spanish painter of the Renaissance period .
Ernest Race was an English textile and furniture designer , born in Newcastle - upon - Tyne in 1913 , and died in 1964 in London .
Juan Edmunds Rapahango ( 1923 -- August 20 , 2012 ) was a Rapa Nui politician , the former Mayor of Hanga Roa , the municipality of Rapa Nui ( Easter Island ) , in Chilean Polynesia .
Ignacio Mondaca Romero ( born 1956 ) is a Mexican writer who has written a large number of articles , essays , literary criticism and books .
Marcos Antonio Falopa , commonly known as Marcos Falopa ( born 2 April 1949 ) , is a Brazilian football manager .
Graham Duxbury ( born 1 December 1954 ) is a South African racing driver , business man , and motorsport commentator .
Tom Scudamore ( born 22 May 1982 ) is a third - generation British flat and steeplechase jockey .
Annika Kipp ( born 12 March 1979 in Munich ) is a German News presenter on radio and television .
Kerrie Taurima ( born Kerrie Perkins on 2 April 1979 ) is an Australian long jumper .
Grete Mostny ( 17 September 1914 -- 15 December 1991 ) was a Jewish Austrian who became a leading Chilean anthropologist .
Dr. Laxminarayan Sahu ( 3 October 1890 - 18 January 1963 ) was an eminent and noted writer , poet , journalist , social worker , reformer , historian , politician from Odisha , India .
Peter Philippovich Andreychuk ( Ukrainian : Petro Andrіychuk , 9 August 1892 , Kiev Oblast - 5 November 1937 ) was a Catholic layman , and a victim of religious persecution .
Johanna van Polanen ( also spelled as Jehenne ; 10 January 1392 -- 15 May 1445 in Breda ) was a Dutch noblewoman .
Des English ( born 22 January 1956 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Peggy Orenstein ( born November 1961 in Minneapolis , Minnesota ) is the author of the New York Times best - sellers Cinderella Ate My Daughter and Waiting for Daisy , a memoir .
Alex Niven ( born 18 February 1984 , Hexham , Northumberland , UK ) is a writer , poet , editor , and former musician .
Oksana Kaydash , née Guskova ( Ukrainian : Оксана Кайдаш , born 16 June 1974 ) is a retired Ukrainian sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres .
Barrie Bretland ( 19 April 1928 -- 28 October 1998 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sean Cronin ( born 6 May 1986 ) is an Irish rugby player for Leinster in the Pro12 .
Steven Wasson ( born 1950 in the United States ) , is the director of Theatre de l'Ange Fou , and the International School of Corporeal mime .
Kitrina Douglas ( born 1960 ) is an English ex - professional golfer who played on the Ladies European Tour .
Eskinder Nega ( born c. 1968 ) is an Ethiopian journalist and blogger who has been jailed seven times by the government of Meles Zenawi , including convictions for treason and terrorism .
Tod A. Maitland ( born 1957 in New York City ) is an American sound engineer .
David Nykl ( born 7 February 1967 ) is a Czech Canadian actor of film , television , commercials and theater .
Johann Karl Kappeler ( 23 March 1816 - 20 October 1888 ) was a Swiss politician and President of the Swiss Council of States ( 1851/1852 , 1854/1855 , 1872 and 1881 ) .
Raymond W. Goldsmith ( 1904 -- July 12 , 1988 , Hamden , Connecticut ) was an American economist specialising in historical data on national income , saving , financial intermediation , and financial assets and liabilities .
Rohan Ahern ( born 15 June 1988 ) is an Australian Rugby League player , currently playing for the North Queensland Cowboys .
Christopher Brocklebank - Fowler ( born 13 January 1934 ) was a British politician , best known for being the sole Conservative Member of Parliament to defect to the Social Democratic Party ( SDP ) .
Nevdon Jamgochian ( May 3 , 1971 ) is an American artist .
Runa Islam ( Bengali : রুনা ইসলাম ; born 10 December 1970 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British visual artist and filmmaker based in London .
Richard Bayley ( 1745 -- August 17 , 1801 ) was a prominent New York City physician and the first chief health officer of the city .
Shana Tesh born Milady in 1987 is Belgian television personality and singer of Chilean and Spanish origin .
Ian Hampshire ( born 9 May 1948 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and Footscray .
Jonny Sweet ( born 1985 ) is a British comedian and winner of the 2009 Edinburgh Comedy Award for best newcomer .
Elizabeth Larner ( born 1931 ) is a British actress and a singer with a powerful soprano voice .
Charles Panati ( born March 13 , 1943 ) is a former college professor , industrial physicist , author and science editor of Newsweek .
Martin Crompton ( born 29 September 1969 ) is a former rugby league footballer who usually played as a scrum - half .
Dan Reiter ( born September 29 , 1967 , Ann Arbor , Michigan ) is an American political scientist .
Moshik Afia ( Hebrew : מושיק עפיה‎ ; born 3 October 1974 ) is a popular Israeli singer who sings in the Mizrahi style .
Dulce Quental ( 13 April 1960 ) is a Brazilian singer and composer .
Monika Matysová ( born 29 December 1981 ) is a Slovak football defender , currently playing for St. Pölten - Spratzern in Austria 's ÖFB - Frauenliga .
Athanasios Argianas ( born 1976 ) is a Greek and British artist living and working in London , England .
Bernard Markey ( 7 November 1935 -- 23 July 2003 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician who served both as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) and as a Senator .
Juan José Sebreli ( born 3 November 1930 ) is an Argentine sociologist , essayist and philosopher .
Félix Martin ( born 4 October 1804 , in Auray , Morbihan ; died in Vaugirard , Paris , 25 November 1886 ) was an antiquary , historiographer , architect , and educationist .
Adam Storch ( born 1980 ) served as the first Managing Executive of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 's Division of Enforcement , having been hired on October 16 , 2009 .
Tor - Kristian Karlsen ( born 15 June 1975 ) is a Norwegian football scout and executive , most recently CEO at AS Monaco after being promoted from the job as sporting director at the club .
Saw O ( Burmese : စောအော , pronounced : ( sɔ́ ʔɔ́ ) ; 1283 - -1323 ) was the third king of the Hanthawaddy Pegu from 1311 to 1323 .
Betty Jackson , CBE ( born 24 June 1949 ) is an English fashion designer based in London , England .
Major Arthur Algernon Dorrien - Smith , DSO , DL , JP ( 28 January 1876 -- 30 May 1955 ) was Lord Proprietor of the Isles of Scilly from 1918 - 1920 .
Sir Lindsay Owen - Jones , KBE , ( born 17 March 1946 ) , born in Wallasey , Cheshire to a Welsh family , was the Chairman and CEO of the cosmetics and beauty company L'Oréal .
Andy Dickens ( born 11 March 1953 ) is an English jazz trumpeter , singer and bandleader .
Borys Gudziak ( born 24 November 1960 ) became the Eparch of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Eparchy of Paris on the elevation of his Exarchate to a full Eparchy , or Eastern - rite Diocese , by the Pope on January 19 , 2013 .
Arne Wam ( born 14 April 1952 ) is a Norwegian journalist and civil servant , who has had several leading positions in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation ( NRK ) and the Norwegian State Railways ( NSB ) .
Rudolf Lutz ( born 1951 ) is a Swiss organist , harpsichordist , conductor and composer .
Elias Hutter ( Gorlitz or Ulm 1553-Nuremberg or Frankfurt , c.1605 ) was a German Hebraist .
Chukwuemeka Jerry Esogbue ( Born 6 June 1970 ) , usually referred to as Emeka Esogbue , is an Anioma ( Nigerian ) historian , journalist , writer and Anioma crusader .
Douglas Trendle ( born 6 September 1958 ) , better known as Buster Bloodvessel , is an English singer and the frontman of the ska revival band Bad Manners .
Wided Bouchamaoui , also transcribed Ouided Bouchamaoui , ( born 1970 ) is a Tunisian businesswoman who since 2011 has been leader of the Tunisian Confederation of Industry , Trade and Handicrafts ( UTICA ) .
Harry Dhami ( born 17 April 1972 ) is a British former boxer who was British welterweight champion between 2000 and 2001 , the first British Asian to win a British boxing title .
Ak Hafiy Tajuddin Rositi ( Arabic : أك حافي تجدين روستي‎ ; born 4 July 1991 ) is a Bruneian runner .
Joseph Ser ( 1875 - -1954 ) was a French mathematician , of whom little was known till now .
Emmanuel Top ( born 25 October 1971 ) is a French acid techno music producer .
Major General Joseph Nanven Garba ( 17 July 1943 -- 1 June 2002 ) was a Nigerian general , diplomat , and politician who served as president of the United Nations General Assembly from 1989 to 1990 .
Bertrando de Mignanelli or Beltramo Mignanelli di Siena ( 1370 -- 1455 or 1460 ) was an adventurous and multilingual Italian merchant who lived in Damascus at the beginning of the 15th century and wrote the only Latin language primary source about Tamerlane 's conquest of Damascus .
Krystyna Guzik ( née Pałka ; born 16 August 1983 ) is a Polish biathlete .
Donald Steven ( born 26 May 1945 ) is a Canadian - American composer , music educator , and academic administrator .
John Ezell ( born 1933 ) is a prominent American scenic designer and theatre educator .
Cecilia Lundqvist ( born 1971 in Eskilstuna ) is a Swedish artist , working exclusively with animation .
Glynn Nicholas ( born 16 October 1952 in Bristol , England ) is an Australian Actor Comedy Performer , Director , Writer and Producer .
Bea Palya ( born in Makó , 11 November 1976 ) is a Hungarian folk - song singer and performer .
Helmut Kollars ( born 1968 , Graz ) is an Austrian illustrator and writer of children 's books .
Hasan Arat ( born 27 September 1959 ) is a Turkish Sports Administrator , businessman and former professional basketball player .
Joée ( born Joey DeSimone , 1973 ) is a Canadian dance musician who enjoyed success in the late 1990s
Christian Rayer ( born 14 December 1945 ) is professional motorbike rider who also runs enterprises .
Hayati Çitaklar ( born 18 September 1986 ) is a young Turkish playwright , director , novelist , actor and poet .
Thomas `` Tom '' Billington ( born 5 December 1958 ) , best known by the ring name Dynamite Kid , is a retired English professional wrestler .
Daniel Bernhardt ( born 31 August 1965 ) is a Swiss actor , model and martial artist .
Emma Parker Bowles ( born 1974 ) , daughter of Richard Eustace Parker Bowles and Camilla Younger ( The Countess of Halifax ) is the niece of Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall .
Paul Makin ( born 18 December 1947 ) is an Australian television and radio journalist who is currently a freelance presenter for Channel 7 Adelaide .
Mostofa Sarwar Farooki ( Bengali : মোস্তফা সরয়ার ফারুকী ; born 2 May 1973 ) is a Bangladeshi film director , screenwriter and film producer .
Jonathan Rigby ( born 1963 ) is an English actor and film historian who has written the following books - English Gothic :
Jim Christy ( born 1951 ) is the Director of Futures Exploration ( FX ) for the Department of Defense Cyber Crime Center ( DC3 ) .
Huw Pritchard ( born 7 January 1976 in Cardiff , Wales ) , was a Welsh racing cyclist .
Pierre - Luc Périchon ( born 4 January 1987 ) is a French professional road and track bicycle racer who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team Bretagne - Séché Environnement .
Adi Gotlieb ( born 16 August 1992 ; Hebrew : אדי גוטליב‎ ) , commonly called Edi Gotlieb is an Israeli footballer .
Howard New ( 1967 - 3 September 2009 ) was an English singer - songwriter mainly of the Blues and Soul genre .
Riemer van der Velde ( born 28 October 1940 in Bakkeveen , Friesland ) is the former chairman of Dutch football club SC Heerenveen .
Marshal of the Royal Thai Air Force Chalermkiat Vatthanangkun ( Thai : เฉลิมเกียรติ วัฒนางกูร ) ( 15 August 1914 -- 14 April 1960 ) was the Commander of the Royal Thai Air Force from 1957 until his death in an aircraft crash in Taipei , Taiwan .
Yang Chonghui ( Chinese : 杨崇汇 ; born August , 1945 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Michael Cieply ( born 1951 ) is an entertainment industry writer , first for the Wall Street Journal and then for Talk magazine and as a media correspondent for The New York Times .
Hao Lulu ( Chinese : 郝璐璐 , born 9 January 1979 ) is a Manchu Chinese woman who has become well known for having undergone extensive cosmetic surgery in 2003 to alter her appearance , tagged `` The Artificial Beauty '' ( 人造美女 ) .
Arthur John Roycroft ( born 25 July 1929 , London ) is an English chess endgame study composer and author .
Major Wellesley Aron , MBE ( 1901 - -1988 ) , was born in England but lived most of his life in British Mandated Palestine and then Israel .
Okey Ndibe ( born 1960 ) is a novelist , political columnist , and essayist .
Julie McCrossin ( born 1954 ) is an Australian radio broadcaster , journalist , comedian , political commentator and activist for women 's and gay rights .
Sim Tze Tzin ( born 6 February 1976 ) is the Strategy Director from Parti Keadilan Rakyat ( PKR ) , and the current Member of Parliament for Bayan Baru , Penang .
Gizo Jeladze ( Georgian : გიზო ჯელაძე ; Russian : Гизо Анзорович Джеладзе ; born 17 May 1975 in Sukhumi ) is a Georgian professional football player .
Erdem Duhan Özensoy ( born 1988 ) is a Turkish businessman and industrialist .
Mathias Lauda ( born 30 January 1981 ) is an Austrian race car driver .
Johann Roppen ( born 29 June 1967 in Bergen ) is a Norwegian professor of media studies .
Vibeke Løkkeberg ( born 22 January 1945 ) is a Norwegian film actress and director .
Ivan Mamutoff ( 1882- ? ) was a Graeco - Roman wrestler from St. Petersburg , Russia .
Sidney Morgan ( 2 August 1874 -- 11 June 1946 ) was an English film director , screenwriter , producer and actor .
G. Thomas Tanselle ( born 1934 ) is an American textual critic , bibliographer , and book collector , especially known for his work on Herman Melville .
Muzafer Korkuti ( born 1936 ) is an Albanian archaeologist and prehistorian .
Shay Abutbul ( Hebrew : שי אבוטבול‎ ; born 16 January 1983 ) is an Israeli football player playing for Maccabi Sha'arayim .
Edward Packard ( born 1931 ) is an American author , in addition to his work as a lawyer , essayist , and poet .
Richard Arnest ( born 1950 ) is an American composer and performer .
Michelle Errichiello ( born 7 December 1982 ) is an Australian athlete .
Dame Laurentia McLachlan , OSB , née Margaret McLachlan , ( 11 January 1866 -- 23 August 1953 ) was a Scottish Benedictine nun , Abbess of Stanbrook Abbey , and an authority on church music .
General Ruangroj Mahasaranon ( born 28 March 1946 ; Thai : เรืองโรจน์ มหาศรานนท์ ) is a retired Thai army officer .
Robert B. Carleson ( 1931 - 2006 ) was a key policy advisor on welfare issues to Ronald Reagan in California and the White House ; he also founded a conservative alternative to the American Civil Liberties Union called the American Civil Rights Union in 1998 .
Jaime Fonalledas ( born 1946 ) is the President and CEO of Empresas Fonalledas Inc. , which owns Plaza Las Américas , the largest shopping mall in the Caribbean and one of the top retail and entertainment venues in the world .
Dr Tiede Herrema ( born 21 April 1921 ) is a Dutch businessman .
Dardan Rexhepi ( Serbian : Дардан Реџепи , Dardan Redžepi ) ( born 16 January 1992 in Pristina , AP Kosovo , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Kosovar footballer playing for BK Häcken in Allsvenskan as a striker .
Danielle Dax ( born 23 September 1958 ) is an English experimental musician and producer most active from the late-1970s to the mid-1990s .
Rumyana Chavdarova ( Bulgarian : Румяна Чавдарова ; born 10 September 1950 ) is a retired Bulgarian middle - distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres and 3000 metres .
Georgy Georgievich Khazagerov ( Russian : Георгий георгиевич Хазагеров ; born 29 June 1949 ) is a Russian scholar and Professor of Russian Language Department at Southern Federal University , He is an author of a wide range of educational publications and books on rhetoric and Russian philology including coursebooks on rhetoric for university students .
Cang Hui ( Chinese : 惠苍 ; born 10 June 1977 ) is a mathematical ecologist currently working at Stellenbosch University .
Sir Samuel Barnardiston , 1st Baronet ( 1620 - -1707 ) was an English Whig Member of Parliament and deputy governor of the East India Company , defendant in some high - profile legal cases and involved in a highly contentious parliamentary election .
Alexei Roibu ( born 17 November 1954 ) is a Moldovan lawyer and security official with the rank of brigadier general , who served as interior minister from January 2011 to July 2012 .
Bob Baldori ( born 1943 ) , also known as `` Boogie Bob '' , is an American rock , blues , and boogie musician and attorney .
Xavier Beitia ( born 23 November 1982 ) is an American football placekicker who last played for the Georgia Force of the Arena Football League ( AFL ) in 2007 .
Shosha Goren ( Hebrew : שושה גורן‎ ; born 1943 in Baghdad , Iraq ) is an Israeli actress and comedian of Iraqi Jewish descent .
Donell Rush ( 1960 -- March 22 , 1996 ) was an American R&B singer , who was signed to RCA Records in the 1990s .
Colonel George Francis Robert Henderson , CB ( 1854 - -1903 ) was a British soldier and military author .
Ricardo Domingos Barbosa Pereira ( born 6 October 1993 ) , known simply as Ricardo , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for French club OGC Nice on loan from FC Porto as a winger but also as a fullback .
Altaf Hussain Tafu Khan ( born 1945 ) , better known as Ustad Tafu or simply Tafoo is a Pakistani musician from Lahore , Pakistan known as a master tabla player .
Terry L. Dunn ( born 3 July 1959 ) was an Associate Commissioner on the Alabama Public Service Commission .
Halleck Tustenuggee ( also spelled Halek Tustenuggee and Hallock Tustenuggee ) ( c. 1807 -- ? ) was a 19th - century Seminole warchief .
Suzanne Bates ( born January 11 , 1956 ) is an American business consultant and executive coach based in Wellesley , Massachusetts who is regarded as an authority on executive communication .
Erwin Stoff ( b. 26 April 1951 in Romania ) is an American film producer .
Helen McMurchie Bott ( born 1886 ) was a Canadian author on child development .
Norrie May - Welby ( born Bruce Norrie Watson , 23 May 1961 ) is a Scottish - Australian transsexual person who pursued the legal status of being neither a man nor a woman , between 2010 and 2014 .
Percy Whitton ISO ( 28 January 1861 -- 14 March 1923 ) was a senior Australian public servant .
Oz Ifrah ( Hebrew : עוז יפרח‎ ; born 10 December 1982 ) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Hapoel Herzliya .
George Morrison Reid Henry ( 17 February 1891 , Sri Lanka - June 1983 , England ) was an entomologist and ornithologist in Sri Lanka .
Fermin Alberto Ramas , better known as Kevin Ramas ( born October 30 , 1967 ) is a former PBA player for more than twelve years .
Malcolm Todd , FSA ( 27 November 1939 -- 6 June 2013 ) was a British historian and archaeologist with an interest in the interaction between the Roman Empire and Western Europe .
Quinim Pholsena ( 18 November 1915 -- 1 April 1963 ) was a leftist minister and the Foreign Minister of the Kingdom of Laos from 1962 to 1963 , under Prime Minister Souvanna Phouma .
John Baynham ( born 1565 ) , was an English politician .
Hayley Haining ( born 6 March 1972 in Dumfries ) is a British runner who was nominated as a reserve for the British team for the 2008 Olympic Games .
Gottlieb Jakob Kuhn ( 16 October 1775 - -23 July 1849 ) was a Bernese pastor , folklorist and poet , known for his dialectal songs .
Georgi Cherkelov ( Георги Черкелов ) : 25 June 1930 -- 19 February 2012.Bulgarian stage and film actor .
Lieutenant - Colonel George Gawler , KH , ( 21 July 1795 -- 7 May 1869 ) was the second governor of South Australia ; from 17 October 1838 until 15 May 1841 .
Rhys Magin ( born 4 March 1989 ) is an Australian rules football player who was on the rookie list in 2008 and 2009 for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Brendan Ingle ( born 19 June 1940 in Dublin , Ireland ) is a former professional boxer and a boxing manager and trainer .
Hilary Hemingway ( born 1961 ) is an American author and wife to author Jeff Lindsay and daughter of Leicester Hemingway , Ernest Hemingway 's brother .
Petros Kestoras ( Greek : Πέτρος Κέστορας ) ( born 21 October 1957 in Kato Zodhia ) is a Cypriot diplomat and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Cyprus to the Russian Federation .
C. M. Naim ( Choudhri Mohammed Naim , born 3 June 1936 ) is an American scholar of Urdu language and literature .
Ben Haverkort ( born 27 October 1961 ) is a Dutch former football player and referee .
Choijinzhab ( also Choijinjab or Qôijûngjabû ; born 16 January 1931 ) is a Chinese linguist of Mongolian ethnicity .
William Draper Box was born in 1841 Walsall , Staffordshire , England , the son of Henry and Jane Box .
Torjus Hemmestveit ( 13 November 1860 -- 9 June 1930 ) was a Norwegian Nordic skier who shared the Holmenkollen medal with his brother , Mikkjel Hemmestveit in 1928 .
Arif Erdem ( born 2 January 1972 ) is a retired Turkish international footballer of Albanian descent and the former manager of İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor .
Derek Cabrera ( born 1970 ) is a systems theorist and cognitive scientist who applies systems - based concepts to the development of models in human development and learning ( education ) , organizational learning design , management and leadership , organizational change .
Zhang Huan ( Chinese : 張洹 ; born 1965 ) is a Chinese artist based in Shanghai and New York .
Petar Vukotić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Вукотић , 1826 - -1907 ) was a Montenegrin general ( vojvoda ) who participated in the Montenegrin--
Mario Toso SDB ( 2 July 1950- ) has been the Bishop of the Diocese of Faenza - Modigliana since his appointment by Pope Francis on 19 January 2015 .
Olga Tereshkova ( née Tsykunova ; born 26 October 1984 ) is a Kazakh former sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres .
Jasna Omejec ( born 1962 ) is a Croatian lawyer , judge , university professor and politician who serves as the 4th President of the Constitutional Court of Croatia .
Giordano Bellincampi ( born 1965 ) is an Italian - born Danish conductor and trombonist .
George Jessen ( 1916 - -1987 ) was an optometrist who was an early pioneer of the contact lens .
Frank Roper ( 12 December 1914 -- 3 December 2000 ) was a British sculptor and stained - glass artist who undertook commissions for churches and cathedrals across Wales and England .
Tsukasa Watanabe ( Japanese : 渡辺司 , born 16 February 1957 ) is a Japanese professional golfer .
Song Defu ( Chinese : 宋德福 ; pinyin : Sòng Défú ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Song Tek - hok ; February 1946 - September 13 , 2007 ) was a Chinese politician .
Jorge Griego ( George the Greek ) who lived from 1504 and died after 1545 , was a Greek conquistador who participated in the conquest of Peru .
Abbas Ahmed Atwi ( Arabic : عباس أحمد عطوي ; born 12 September 1979 ) is a Lebanese footballer who currently plays as Midfield for Nejmeh .
Marije Smits ( born in Gouda on 24 October 1986 ) is a Dutch amputee and Paralympian named `` 2011 Paralympic Athlete of the Year '' by the Dutch Athletics Union .
Iain McKenzie ( born 4 April 1959 ) is a Scottish Labour politician , who was formerly the Member of Parliament for Inverclyde .
Talite Vaioleti ( born 13 November 1980 ) is a Tongan rugby union player , born in Haveluloto , Tonga , who plays for RFU Championship side , Jersey .
François Edmond Eugène de Barlatier de Mas was a French naval officer , born in 1810 in the Saussay .
Diarmuid Gavin ( born 10 May 1964 ) is an Irish garden designer and television personality .
Jeppe Tranholm - Mikkelsen was born on 30 October 1962 in Aden , Colony of Aden ( now Yemen ) .
Andrew Mills ( born 18 June 1981 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) in 2004 and 2005 .
Xhelil Asani ( born 12 September 1995 ) is an ethnic Albanian footballer from Macedonian who plays for Bylis Ballsh in the Albanian Superliga .
Utpala Sen ( 12 March 1924 - 13 May 2005 ) was a prominent Indian Bengali playback singer .
Shruti Sadolikar Katkar ( born 1951 ) is an Indian classical singer of the khyal style in the Jaipur - Atrauli gharana .
Tommaso Campana ( active 1620 - 1640 ) was an Italian painter active during the Baroque , mainly in his native Bologna .
Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei ( Persian : اسفندیار رحیم‌مشایی‎‎ ; born 16 November 1960 ) is an Iranian politician .
Max Talmey ( 1869 - -1941 ) was a Polish ophthalmologist best known for mentoring Albert Einstein and his success in treating cataracts .
Mairéad Farrell ( Irish : Máiréad Ní Fhearghail or Mairéad Ní Fhearail;3 March 1957 -- 6 March 1988 ) was an Irish volunteer of the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) .
Major General Ghulam Haidar Rasuli ( 1919 - -1978 ) born in rustaq was a supporter of Mohammed Daoud Khan , who came out of retirement after the 1973 coup which removed King Zahir Shah and put Daoud in power .
Howard Okey ( 12 February 1906 -- 3 March 1985 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the VFL .
Geibennach mac Aedha ( died 973 ) was 34th King of Uí Maine .
Eva Roos , née Vedder ( 1872 - 1956 ) was an artist and illustrator mainly of children 's books .
Reinhard Heß ( 13 June 1945 -- 24 December 2007 ) was a German ski jumping coach .
Harold Briercliffe ( 1910 - 1994 ) was a Rochdale born author of a series of cycle touring guides .
Charles Whitehead ( 1804 -- 5 July 1862 ) was an English poet , novelist , and dramatist .
Auguste Marie Henri Picot de Dampierre ( 19 August 1756 -- 9 May 1793 ) , styled the Marquis de Dampierre and usually known as Dampierre , was a French general during the time of the French Revolution .
or Lambert Jacobszoon ( 1598 -- 27 June 1636 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter and preacher .
Israel Washburn , Sr . ( 1784 - -1876 ) was a Massachusetts politician and brother of Reuel Washburn .
Richard Tesařík ( 3 December 1915 -- 27 March 1967 ) was a Czechoslovakian general and World War II hero .
Sulejman Kupusović ( 7 April 1951 -- 15 August 2014 ) was a Bosnian film director , known for directing television films and series .
Mahasundari Devi ( died 4 July 2013 ) was an acclaimed Indian artist and Madhubani painter who won both state and national awards .
Sheila MacRae ( 24 September 1921 -- 6 March 2014 ) was an English - born American actress , singer and dancer .
Henry Lumley , Viscount Lumley ( c. 1685 -- 24 April 1710 ) , British nobleman and politician , was the eldest son of Richard Lumley , 1st Earl of Scarbrough .
Tuldila ( 458 ) , was a Hun leader in Majorian 's army .
Bal Raj Nijhawan , ( 1915 -- 2014 ) was an Indian metallurgist , author and the first Director of Indian origin of the National Metallurgical Laboratory , Council of Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR ) .
Valerie Jeanne Wilkinson ( 9 May 1931 -- 11 October 2005 ) was an English actress known as Jan Holden , using her mother 's maiden name as a stage name .
Talhae of Silla ( ? -80 , r. 57 - 80 ) was the fourth king of Silla , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
William Thomas Adams ( 10 September 1884 -- 9 January 1949 ) was a British Labour Co - operative politician in London who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the last four years of his life .
Gustav Heinse ( Bulgarian : Густав Хайнзе ) , born Josef K. Klein ( 1896 - -1971 ) , was an poet and translator who was mostly active in Bulgaria , where he lived and worked from 1924 until his death .
Peter Philips ( also Phillipps , Phillips , Pierre Philippe , Pietro Philippi , Petrus Philippus ; c. 1560 -- 1628 ) was an eminent English composer , organist , and Catholic priest exiled to Flanders .
Bruno Hoffmann ( 15 September 1913 -- 11 April 1991 ) was a German player of the glass harp .
Maria Pronchishcheva ( Мария Прончищева , also known as Tatiana Pronchishcheva , 1710 - 23 September 1736 ) was a Russian explorer .
Ramanand Sagar ( 29 December 1917 -- 12 December 2005 ) ( born Chandramauli Chopra ) was an Indian film director .
Nick de Angelis ( 21 June 1921 -- 2004 ) was an American artist who lived and worked most of his life in New York City .
Leon Feraru ( born Leon Enselberg , also credited as L. Schmidt ; 1887 -- 1961 or 1962 ) was a Romanian and American poet , literary historian and translator .
Niall mac Conaill ( died 778 ) was King of South Brega of the Uí Chernaig sept of the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill .
Emy Roeder ( 30 January 1890 -- 7 February 1971 ) was a modern German sculptor .
John Sicklemore ( ca . 1612 -- 1670 ) was an English politician .
Valentin Wolfenstein ( 19 April 1845 -- 3 February 1909 ) was a Swedish - American photographer who worked both in Stockholm and Los Angeles , California .
Clara Southern ( 3 October 1861 - 15 December 1940 ) was an Australian artist associated with the Heidelberg School , also known as Australian Impressionism .
Philip de Lalaing , 2nd count of Hoogstraten ( d. after 1555 ) was stadtholder of Jülich ( 1543 ) and Guelders ( 1544 - 1555 ) .
Lemuel Ertus Slack , ( October 8 , 1874 -- February 24 , 1952 ) often called L. Ert Slack , was an American politician and lawyer .
Walter Milne ( died April 1558 ) , also recorded as Mill or Myln , was the last Protestant martyr to be burned in Scotland before the Scottish Reformation changed the country from Catholic to Presbyterian .
Rev. George Mathan ( 25 September 1819 -- 4 March 1870 ) a.k.a . Geevarghese Kathanar , was an Anglican priest and writer .
Jack Walker ( 19 May 1929 -- 17 August 2000 ) was a British industrialist and businessman and a lifelong Blackburn Rovers fan , from Blackburn , Lancashire .
John Lyon , 8th Lord Glamis ( died 1578 ) was a Scottish nobleman , judge and Lord High Chancellor of Scotland .
John Carminow or Carminowe ( c.1516 -- 1592 ) was an English politician .
Sir John Henry MacFarland ( 19 April 1851 -- 22 July 1935 ) was an Irish--
Henry Francis Lockwood ( 18 September 1811 ( Doncaster ) -- 21 July 1878 ( Richmond , Surrey ) ) was an influential English architect active in the North of England .
Gerda Laski ( 4 June 1893 -- 24 November 1928 ) was an Austrian / German physicist known for her research in infrared radiation .
Dr. Victor Urbancic or Viktor von Urbantschitsch ( 9 August 1903 -- 4 April 1958 ) was an Austrian composer , conductor , teacher and music scholar from Vienna .
Ivan Seljak , nom de guerre Čopič ( 7 December 1927 -- 1990 ) was a Slovene painter and illustrator .
Yechiel Michel Dorfman ( 1913 -- 30 July 2006 ) was the de facto head of the Breslover Hasidim living in post - Stalinist Russia .
Alma Hjelt ( 1853 - 1907 ) , was a Finnish gymnast and women 's rights activist .
Fabrizio Chiari ( 1621 - -1695 ) , a painter and engraver , was born at Rome , according to Orlandi .
Hermann Rahn ( 1912 - -1990 ) was an early leader in the field of environmental physiology .
Anthony Scott Veitch ( 6 January 1914 - 23 February 1983 ) was an Australian writer of radio , films , novels and TV .
Donna Payant née Collins ( March 22 , 1950 -- May 15 , 1981 ) was a New York state corrections officer who was murdered while on duty at Green Haven Correctional Facility .
John A. Fulton ( 1769 - -1845 ) was a prominent local citizen of Chillicothe , Ohio .
Count Endre Hadik - Barkóczy de Futak et Szala ( 1 November 1862 -- 4 March 1931 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Speaker of the House of Magnates between 1917 and 1918 .
Giovanni Luca Barberi ( 1452 - -1520 ) was an Italian historian , lawyer and notary .
German Bestelmeyer ( 8 June 1874 -- 30 June 1942 ) was a German architect , university lecturer , and proponent of Nazi architecture .
Edward Wasilewski ( 1923 -- 22 August 1968 ) , pseudonym Wichura ( Strong gale ) , was one of the best known anti - communist fighters in the Polish resistance during the Soviet takeover of Poland .
Albert E. Jacomb ( c. 1873 - -1946 ) was a British printer and founding member of the Socialist Party of Great Britain .
Fransoys or Frans Menton ( ca.1550 - -1615 ) was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
Edith Morley ( 1875 - 1964 ) was a British literary scholar who was the main 20th century editor of the works of Henry Crabb Robinson .
James Alexander Rentoul ( 1854 - 12 August 1919 ) was a British judge and politician .
Joram Mariga died in December 2000 soon after arrival at Bonda Mission Hospital , following a car accident .
Russell Madden ( 4 June 1910 -- 18 July 1966 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Robert Tresilian ( died 1388 ) was a Cornish lawyer , and Chief Justice of the King 's Bench between 1381 and 1387 .
Zygmunt Ajdukiewicz ( 1861 -- 1917 ) was a Polish realist painter of the late 19th century specializing in portraits , genre and historical painting .
Lynda Lee - Potter OBE ( born Lynda Higginson ; 2 May 1935 -- 20 October 2004 ) was a columnist for the British newspaper the Daily Mail .
Robert Boyd , 5th Lord Boyd ( c. 1517 -- 3 January 1590 ) was a Scottish noble and courtier .
David Smythe , Lord Methven ( 1746 - -1806 ) was a Scottish lawyer and judge .
Marie Haps ( 1879 - -1939 ) was a Luxembourg - born Belgian educationalist , the founder of what is now the Institut libre Marie Haps .
John Scarlett Davis ( 1 September 1804 -- 29 September 1845 ) , or Davies , was an English landscape , portrait and architectural painter , and lithographer .
Anna Notaras ( Greek Ἄννα Νοταρᾶ ; died 8 July 1507 ) was the daughter of Loukas Notaras , the last Megas Doux of the Byzantine Empire .
John Ives FRS ( 14 July 1751 -- 9 January 1776 ) was an antiquarian and officer of arms at the College of Arms in London .
Seraphim Chichagov ( 9 June 1856 or 9 January 1856 -- 11 December 1937 ) , born Leonid Mikhailovich Chichagov , was a Metropolitan bishop of the Russian Orthodox Church who was executed by firing squad and subsequently canonized as a New Martyr .
Margaret Farrand Thorp ( 1891 - -1970 ) was an author , English professor , and journalist .
Georges Geffroy ( 1903 - -1971 ) was a post - war French interior designer .
Rubens Santoro ( October 26 , 1859 in Mongrassano , Province of Cosenza , Calabria -- 1942 in Naples ) was an Italian painter .
Andrée Howard ( 3 October 1910 -- 18 April 1968 ) was a British ballet dancer and choreographer .
Kailasa Venkata Ramiah ( 20 October 1926 - 24 December 1994 ) was a renowned educationist from Andhra Pradesh , India .
Nikola Radović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Радовић ; 20 October 1933 -- 28 January 1991 ) was a Montenegrin footballer .
Angelika Hoerle ( née Fick ) ( 20 November 1899 - 9 September 1923 ) was a German painter and graphic designer .
Mike Marino ( born October 8 as Michael Harrison - died 24 August 1981 ) was an English professional wrestler and a leading name during the World of Sport era in British wrestling .
French - born Victor Prevost ( 1820 - -1881 ) is one of the earliest photographers to work in New York City .
Angkarn Kalayanapong ( Thai : อังคาร กัลยาณพงศ์ ; rtgs : Angkhan Kanlayanaphong ; 13 February 1926 -- 25 August 2012 ) was a Thai poet and artist .
Lila Kedrova ( 9 October c. 1918 -- 16 February 2000 ) , was a Russian - born French actress .
Lu Dachang ( Chinese : 鲁大昌 ) ( 1889 - 1962 ) courtesy name Songling ( Chinese : 嵩龄 ) was a Kuomintang general from Gansu .
He Jian ( simplified Chinese : 何键 ; traditional Chinese : 何鍵 ; pinyin : Hé Jiàn ; Wade -- Giles : Ho2 Chien4 ; 10 April 1887 - 25 April 1956 ) was a Chinese Nationalist ( KMT ) general and politician in the Republic of China .
Oberst Adolf Heyrowsky , 18 February 1882 -- 1945 , was a career officer in the Austro - Hungarian military who turned to aviation .
Alexander Leslie Renton ( 6 July 1868 -- 6 May 1947 ) was a British Liberal Party and then Liberal Unionist politician .
Haakon Sandberg ( b. Haakon Philip Fretheim Aall Sandberg ; 30 August 1924 , Bergen , Norway - 30 December 2013 ) was a Norwegian film director .
Frederick Hallen ( 1 January 1859 -- 28 February 1920 ) was a Canadian - born vaudeville entertainer who found popularity on the North American stage .
Matilda , Countess of Rethel ( 1091 in Rethel -- 1151 ) was a daughter of Count Hugh I and his wife , Melisende of Crécy .
Cathal mac Finguine ( died 742 ) was an Irish King of Munster or Cashel , and effectively High King of Ireland as well .
Thomas Cooper Gotch died on 1 May 1931 of a heart attack while in London for an exhibition , and he was buried in Sancreed churchyard in Cornwall .
Len Martin ( 17 April 1919 -- 21 August 1995 ) was an Australian results reader .
Thomas Charles Lethbridge ( 23 March 1901 -- 30 September 1971 ) , better known as T.C. Lethbridge , was an English archaeologist , parapsychologist , and explorer .
Pier Francesco Orsini ( July 4 , 1523 -- 1583 ) , also called Vicino Orsini , was an Italian condottiero and patron of the arts .
Thomas Robins the Elder ( 1715 or 1716 - 1770 ) was an English artist known for his depictions of English country houses and their gardens .
Bobby Monk ( 21 January 1886 -- 19 January 1937 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Évelyne Patlagean ( 20 October 1932 -- 11 November 2008 ) was a French historian and Byzantinist , working on questions of poverty , welfare , gender , the family , and women in Byzantium .
August Agbola O'Browne ( second name also spelled as Agboola , surname as just Brown ) ( 1895 - -1976 ) was a Nigerian jazz musician by profession and is believed to have been the only black participant of the 1944 Warsaw Uprising .
Franz Xaver Gruber ( 25 November 1787 -- 7 June 1863 ) , was an Austrian primary school teacher and church organist in the village of Arnsdorf , who is best known for composing the music to Stille Nacht ( Silent Night ) .
George Frederick Cameron ( 24 September 1854 -- 17 September 1885 ) was a Canadian poet , lawyer , and journalist , best known for the libretto for the operetta Leo , the Royal Cadet .
Alberto Santana ( 1897 - -1966 ) was a Chilean screenwriter and film producer .
Habib Bacha , SMSP ( June 24 , 1931 in Tyre , Lebanon -- 23 November 1999 ) was Melkite Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut and Jbeil .
Wolmar Anton von Schlippenbach ( 1653 - -1721 ) was Governor General of Swedish Estonia from 1704 to 1706 .
William Tirry ( 1609 -- 12 May 1654 ) was a martyred Irish Roman Catholic priest who was beatified by Pope John Paul II for his loyalty to the church .
Kristian Magdalon Bing ( 30 May 1862 -- 6 July 1935 ) was a Norwegian jurist and mountaineer .
Eugenio Bertini ( 8 November 1846 -- 24 February 1933 ) was an Italian mathematician who introduced Bertini 's theorem .
Charlie MacKay ( 5 May 1880 -- 26 April 1953 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Kitty Gordon ( 22 April 1878 -- 26 May 1974 ) was an English stage and silent film actress .
John Woodenlegs ( 12 November 1909 - December 1981 in Billings , Montana ) was an author , educator , and the tribal president of the Northern Cheyenne from 1955 to 1968 .
Sir Joseph Aloysius Sheehy KBE ( 15 April 1900 -- 22 September 1971 ) was an Australian jurist and Senior Puisne Judge of the Queensland Supreme Court .
Pauline Vogelpoel MBE ( 24 April 1926 in Lourenço Marques , Portuguese East Africa -- 22 December 2002 in Basle , Switzerland ) was a South African arts administrator .
Colen Campbell ( 15 June 1676 -- 13 September 1729 ) was a pioneering Scottish architect and architectural writer , credited as a founder of the Georgian style .
Sir James Whitelocke SL ( 28 November 1570 -- 22 June 1632 ) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1610 and 1622 .
Donat Cadruvi ( 19 September 1923 -- 1 March 1998 ) was a Swiss lawyer , politician and Romansh - language writer .
Tomasz Sapieha ( 1598 -- April 1646 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth noble and politician .
Ernest Bakewell ( 1898 - -1983 ) was an English - born chemical engineer and political figure in British Columbia .
Maulvi Nazir ( also Maulvi Nazir Wazir ; 1975 - 2 January 2013 ) was a leading militant of the Pakistani Taliban in South Waziristan .
Kavadh II later died from plague after a few months ' reign on 6 September 628 .
William Vesey - FitzGerald , 2nd Baron FitzGerald and Vesey PC , PC ( Ire ) , FRS , FSA ( 24 July 1783 -- 11 May 1843 ) was an Irish statesman .
Joseph Anstice ( 1808 - -1836 ) was an English classical scholar , and for four years professor of classical literature in King 's College London .
Alexander Fordyce ( died 1789 ) was a Scottish banker , centrally involved in the bank run on Neal , James , Fordyce and Down in 1772 .
Christian Schrøder ( 13 July 1869 -- 10 December 1940 ) was a Danish film actor , screenwriter and director .
Marianne Clausen ( 25 December 1947 - 17 September 2014 ) was a Danish musicologist and choir conductor .
André Fernand Thesmar ( 1843 - 1912 ) was a French enameler .
Ellis Haizlip ( September 21 , 1929 -- January 25 , 1991 ) was an African American theater and television producer .
Wu Zhongbi ( 武忠弼 , 1919 - -2007 ) was a renowned Chinese pathologist .
Gregorio II Boncompagni ( 7 July 1642 -- 1 January 1707 ) was an Italian nobleman and the 5th Duke of Sora .
August Horch ( 12 October 1868 -- 3 February 1951 ) was a German engineer and automobile pioneer , the founder of the manufacturing giant which would eventually become Audi .
Sidi El Houari ( 1350 - -1439 ) was an Algerian imam whose real name was Ben - Amar El Houari .
Irene Joan Thirsk , CBE , FBA , FRHistS ( née Watkins ; 19 June 1922 -- 3 October 2013 ) , was a British economic and social historian , specialising in the history of agriculture .
Elisa Caroline Bommer née Destrée ( 19 January 1832 in Laeken -- 17 January 1910 in Brussels ) , was a Belgian botanist specialising in mycology , and was the wife of pteridologist and collector Jean - Édouard Bommer ( 1829 - 1895 ) , who was professor of botany at University of Brussels in 1872 .
Marie - Madeleine Jarret , known as Madeleine de Verchères ( 3 March 1678 -- 8 August 1747 ) was a woman of New France ( modern Quebec ) credited with thwarting a raid on Fort Verchères when she was 14 years old .
Sabu Dastagir ( 27 January 1924 -- 2 December 1963 ) was an Indian film actor who later obtained American citizenship .
Johan Aschehoug Kiær ( 1869 - -1931 ) was a Norwegian paleontologist and geologist .
Gurgen Dalibaltayan ( Armenian : Գուրգեն Դալիբալթայան ; 5 June 1926 -- 1 September 2015 ) was an Armenian military commander .
Janet Adam Smith ( 9 December 1905 -- 11 September 1999 ) was a writer , editor , literary journalist and champion of Scottish literature .
Ignacy Skorupka ( 31 July 1893 -- 14 August 1920 ) was a Polish priest , chaplain of the Polish Army .
Paschal O'Hare ( 1932 - 2013 ) was a solicitor and Irish nationalist politician .
Roger Darvell ( 10 February 1931 -- 21 October 2014 ) was an English former professional footballer .
Zhang Hongfan ( ) ( 1238 - -1280 ) was a Han Chinese general of the Mongol Empire ( afterwards the Yuan Dynasty ) in China .
Lady Margaret Pansy Felicia Lamb , known as Lady Pansy Lamb ( 18 May 1904 -- 19 February 1999 ) was an English writer under her maiden name of Pansy Pakenham .
Hadži Milutin Savić Garašanin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милутин Савић Гарашанин ; 1762 - -1842 ) was a Serbian revolutionary , obor - knez of Jasenica , and member of the National Council under Miloš Obrenović .
William FitzWilliam , 1st Earl of Southampton , KG ( c.1490 , Aldwark , North Riding of Yorkshire -- 15 October 1542 , Newcastle upon Tyne ) , English courtier and soldier , was the third son of Sir Thomas FitzWilliam of Aldwark and Lady Lucy Neville ( daughter of the Marquess of Montagu ) .
George Ferris Whidborne Mortimer ( 22 July 1805 -- 7 September 1871 ) was an English schoolmaster and divine .
William Herbert , 1st Marquess of Powis , PC ( 1626 -- 2 June 1696 ) was an English nobleman , best remembered for his suffering during the Popish Plot .
Olavi Rove ( 29 July 1915 -- 22 May 1966 ) is a Finnish gymnast and Olympic Champion .
Charles Abrams ( September 20 , 1901 -- February 22 , 1970 ) was a Polish - born American lawyer , author , urbanist , and housing expert who created the New York Housing Authority of New York City in the 1960s .
Samuel Kerkham Ratcliffe ( 1868 - 1958 ) was an English journalist and lecturer .
Princess Augusta of Prussia ( Christine Friederike Auguste ; 1 May 1780 -- 19 February 1841 ) was a German salonist and Electress consort of Hesse .
Bridget Wiltshire ( later , Wingfield , then Harvey , then Tyrwhitt ; died January 1534 ) was a neighbour , close friend and lady - in - waiting to Anne Boleyn , the second wife of Henry VIII of England .
Alexander Cunningham , 1st Earl of Glencairn , 1st Lord Kilmaurs ( 1426 -- 11 June 1488 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Harry Cunningham Brodie ( 18 January 1875 -- 27 February 1956 ) was a Canada - born British Liberal Party politician and businessman .
Charles Benjamin Redrup ( 1878 - -1961 ) was a British aeronautical engineer and inventor , who designed several innovative axial engines .
Gustav Kessler ( German spelling : Keßler ) ( 1832 - 1904 ) was a German trade unionist .
Walter Keeley ( 1 April 1921 -- 1995 ) was an English footballer who played as an outside left in the 1940s and 1950s .
Thomas Hardesty Campbell ( 1907 -- 1989 ) was a Cumberland Presbyterian minister , a former president and dean of Memphis Theological Seminary , and a former director of the Historical Foundation of the Cumberland Presbyterian Church .
Terence Frederick Mitchell ( 3 May 1919 -- 1 January 2007 ) , commonly known as T. F. Mitchell , was a British linguist and Professor of Linguistics and Phonetics at the University of Leeds .
Ordway Tead ( 10 September 1891 - 1973 ) was an American organizational theorist , adjunct professor of industrial relations and chair of the New York Board of Higher Education .
Archibald George Blomefield Russell , CVO FSA ( 20 June 1879 -- 30 November 1955 ) was an English art historian and a long - serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London .
Norman Chaffer OAM , FRZS , RAOU ( 1899 -- 22 November 1992 ) was an Australian businessman , a bird photographer and an amateur ornithologist .
Prof . Peter Jupp ( 20 August 1940 - 14 September 2006 ) was a British historian who specialised in British politics during the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .
John Bruce Medaris ( 12 May 1902 -- 11 July 1990 ) was a U.S Army officer who was commander of the Army Ballistic Missile Agency during the 1950s .
Salvatore Scarpitta ( 23 March 1919 -- 10 April 2007 ) was an American artist best known for his sculptural studies of motion .
Christopher Neil - Smith ( 1920 -- 1995 ) was an Anglican priest who served as vicar of St Saviour 's Hampstead and is best known for his practice of exorcism and his parapsychological interests .
John Clark Milne ( 1897 - 1962 ) was a Scottish poet who wrote in the Doric dialect of the Scots language .
Julius Friedrich Heinrich Abegg ( 23 March 1796 -- 29 May 1868 ) was a German criminalist .
Elof Hellquist ( 1864 - 1933 ) was a Swedish scientist born in Norrköping .
Reg King ( 5 February 1945 , Paddington , West London - 8 October 2010 , Belvedere , Kent ) was an English singer and songwriter , most famous for being the solo and lead singer with The Boys and The Action .
Jon Weaving ( 23 February 1931 - 19 October 2011 , Sweden ) was an Australian opera singer .
Maulana Abdul Majid Daryabadi ( Urdu : عبدل ماجد دريابادي‎ ) ( 16 March 1892 -- 6 January 1977 ) was an Indian Muslim writer and exegete of the Qur'an .
Richard Lindsey Batten FRCS ( 29 September 1920 -- 29 December 1997 ) was an English orthopaedic surgeon .
Sir Anthony Weldon ( 1583 - -1648 ) was an English 17th century courtier and politician .
Victor Honorius Janssens or Victor Honoré Janssens or Jansens ) ( 11 June 1658 - 14 August 1736 ) was a Flemish painter of religious and mythological works and a tapestry designer .
Longinus of Selinus ( Latin : Longinus Selinuntius ) ( born early 5th century , died 498 ) was one of the Isaurian leaders in the Isaurian War of 492 - -497 .
Willem Hendrik Keesom ( pronounced `` Case - ohm '' ) ( 21 June 1876 , Texel -- 24 March 1956 , Leiden ) was a Dutch physicist who , in 1926 , invented a method to freeze liquid helium .
Bishop Rowland Lee ( c. 1487 -- 28 January 1543 ) was an English administrator and bishop of Coventry and Lichfield .
Esther John ( Urdu : استر جون ) ( born Qamar Zia ( Urdu : قمر ضياء ) on 14 December 1929 ; died 2 February 1960 ) was a Pakistani Christian nurse who was murdered in 1960 .
Sir Thomas Russell Fairgrieve CBE ( 3 May 1924 -- 17 February 1999 ) was a Scottish Conservative and Unionist politician .
Cyril Cleverdon ( 9 September 1914 -- 4 December 1997 ) was a British librarian and computer scientist who is best known for his work on the evaluation of information retrieval systems .
Paul Okesene ( 14 November 1967 -- 15 September 2012 ) was a Samoan rugby league player who represented both Western Samoa and American Samoa .
Cecil Joslin Brooks ( 1875 - -1953 ) was a British metallurgical chemist , but also collected plants ( especially ferns ) , animals , and butterflies .
Paul Cairn Vellacott CBE , DSO ( 1891 - 15 November 1954 ) served as Headmaster of Harrow School and Master of Peterhouse , Cambridge .
Louis Betts ( October 5 , 1873 -- 1961 ) was an American portrait painter .
Agnes of Dampierre ( 1237 -- 7 September 1288 ) was Lady of Bourbon and heiress of all Bourbon estates .
George S. Eccles ( 1900 - -1982 ) , the sixth of nine children of Utah industrialist David Eccles and his wife Ellen Stoddard Eccles .
Doctor Colin Scott Dafoe ( 21 November 1909 -- 29 July 1969 ) was a Canadian surgeon , best known for his work with Marshall Josip Broz Tito 's Partisans in Yugoslavia during the Second World War .
Hal Adelquist ( 1914 - -1981 ) was primarily known for his work in helping to create and produce `` The Mickey Mouse Club , '' which began running as an ABC television series in 1955 .
John Alexander Bell ( Born 1829 - Died 30 August 1901 ) was a Station owner and Member of the Queensland Legislative Council .
Pitambara Sidhanta Vagisa ( 1530 - 1620 ) was 16th century litterateur from Kamrup and contemporary of likes of Damodara Mishra .
Xu Mian ( 徐勉 ) ( 466 - -535 ) , courtesy name Xiuren ( 脩仁 ) , formally Duke Jiansu ( 簡肅公 , literally `` the undiscriminating and solemn duke '' ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Liang dynasty .
Saiza Nabarawi ( born Zainab Murad , 1897 - 1985 ) was an Egyptian - born journalist educated in Paris , who eventually became the leading journalist for the L'Egyptienne .
Pedro Pardo de Cela Rodriguez de Aguiar e Ribadeneyra ( died October 3 , 1483 ) , fifteenth century Marshal of Galicia , son of Xoán Nunes Pardo , señor de la Torre Cela and Doña Teresa Rodriguez de Aguiar .
Kothapalli Jayashankar popularly known as Professor Jayashankar ( 6 August 1934 -- 21 June 2011 ) was an Indian academic and Social Activist .
Richard Croke ( or Crocus ) ( ca . 1489 - -1558 ) was an English classical scholar , and a royal tutor and agent .
Hermann von Wartberge ( died ca . 1380 ) was a chronicler of the Livonian Order .
Albert Wolfgang , Count of Hohenlohe - Langenburg ( born 6 July 1659 in Langenburg ; died : 17 April 1715 in Langenburg ) was the oldest child of Count Henry Frederick of Hohenlohe - Langenburg ( 1625 - -1699 ) and his second wife Countess Juliana Dorothea of Castell - Remlingen ( 1640 - -1706 ) .
Walker Todd ( ca . 1786 New Milford , Litchfield County , Connecticut - August 1840 Mount Pleasant , Westchester County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
John Puleston ( c.1583 - -1659 ) was a Welsh barrister and judge .
Derk Bodde ( 9 March 1909 -- 3 November 2003 ) was a prominent 20th century American Sinologist and historian of China .
Mohammad Aslam Khokhar ( 5 January 1920 -- 22 January 2011 ) was a Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 1954 .
Karl Grune ( 22 January 1890 -- 2 October 1962 ) was an Austrian film director and writer who made many silent films in the 1920s .
Bernard Alfred Quaritch ( 1870 - 1913 ) was the son of antiquarian book dealer Bernard Quaritch , and continued his father 's business in London until his own death in 1913 .
Charles Chellapah ( 1939 -- 14 February 1966 ) was a Singaporean photojournalist of Indian origin who was killed on - assignment during the Vietnam War .
Thomas Hawkins Hanson , Sr . ( 1750 - -1810 ) was a planter from Maryland .
Father Gorky Anisimov ( born in 1874 , Chardym , Saratov Oblast , Russian Empire - died on 10 December 1937 , Saratov , USSR ) was a Russian Greek - Catholic priest .
Johannes Bredenburg ( 1643 - -1691 ) was a Rotterdam wine merchant and weaver who was a member of the Collegiants .
Cafer Bater ( 1913 - -1994 ) , born in Boyacikoy , Istanbul , was a prominent Turkish watercolor painter .
Meta Vaux Warrick Fuller ( /ˈmiːtə ˈvaʊ/ MEE - tə VOW ; June 9 , 1877 -- 18 March 1968 ) was an African - American artist , notable for her art celebrating Afrocentric themes .
Al - Mutawakkil Yahya Sharaf ad - Din ( 25 February 1473 - 27 March 1555 ) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen .
Rosser Reeves ( 10 September 1910 -- 24 January 1984 ) was an American advertising executive and pioneer of television advertising ;
Richard Hardstaff ( 12 January 1863 Selston , Nottinghamshire , England -- 18 April 1932 Selston , Nottinghamshire , England ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Nottinghamshire from 1887 - 1899 and played as a professional in the Lancashire League for Rawtenstall .
Thomas Woolley ( 1809 -- 18 February 1858 ) was an Australian autobiographer / memoirist , general merchant , immigration promoter , ironmonger , local government councillor and salt manufacturer .
Laurie Schwab ( died June 1997 ) was an Australian journalist and broadcaster .
Jean - Baptiste Bouquerot des Essarts ( 28 May 1771 , Asnan - 17 March 1833 , Fontainebleau ) was a French maréchal de camp and Baron de l'Empire .
Baron Philippe de Rothschild ( 13 April 1902 -- 20 January 1988 ) was a member of the Rothschild banking dynasty who became a Grand Prix race - car driver , a screenwriter and playwright , a theatrical producer , a film producer , a poet , and one of the most successful wine growers in the world .
Ernest Alfred Benians ( 23 October 1880 , Goudhurst , Kent -- 1952 ) was a British academic and historian .
Watkin Hezekiah Williams ( 1844 - -1905 ) , known as Watcyn Wyn , was a Welsh schoolmaster and poet .
Ignacy Żagiell ( Lithuanian : Ignotas Žagelis ) ( February 14 , 1826 , Pavirinčiai , Anykščiai district , Lithuania - 21 June 1891 , Warsaw or Vilnius ) was a physician , traveler and Polish - language writer , descending from Lithuanian nobility .
John Spargo ( 1876 - -1966 ) became a renowned expert in the history and crafts of Vermont .
Sir George Bowen Simpson QC ( 22 May 1838 -- 7 September 1915 ) was a politician and judge in New South Wales , a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council .
Jacques Hitier ( 28 March 1917 -- 5 March 1999 ) was a French interior architect and designer .
Raginpert ( also Raghinpert or Reginbert ) was the Duke of Turin and then King of the Lombards briefly in 701 .
Elinor James ( born Banckes , 1644 -- 17 July 1719 ) was a British printer and controversialist who used her own printing press to address public concerns throughout her adult life .
William Parsons , 3rd Earl of Rosse KP PRS ( 17 June 1800 -- 31 October 1867 ) was an Anglo - Irish astronomer who had several telescopes built .
Francisco Rebolo Gonsales , widely known as Francisco Rebolo , or just Rebolo ( São Paulo , August 22 , 1902 -- São Paulo , July 10 , 1980 ) , was a Brazilian painter .
George James Lidstone ( 11 December 1870 , London , England -- 12 May 1952 , Edinburgh , Scotland ) was a British actuary who made several contributions to the field of statistics .
Saint Robert of Bury ( died 1181 ) was an English boy , allegedly murdered and found in the town of Bury St Edmunds , Suffolk in 1181 .
Louis Edmund Blaze , JP , OBE , BA ( Calcutta ) , ( 29 September 1861 -- 4 August 1951 ) was a Sri Lankan educationist and the founder and principal of Kingswood College , Kandy ( 1891 - -1923 ) .
Alexander Roos ( c. 1810 - -1881 ) was an Italian - born British architect and urban planner .
John Christian Reid , JP ( 1873 -- 20 March 1932 ) was a New South Wales businessman , yachtsman and alderman , who served several terms as Mayor of Newcastle .
James Woodhouse ( 17 November 1770 , Philadelphia - 4 June 1809 , Philadelphia ) was a United States chemist .
Archduchess Claudia Felicitas of Austria ( 30 May 1653 -- 8 April 1676 ) was the eldest daughter of Archduke Ferdinand Charles of Austria , and his wife Anna de ' Medici .
Clive Bright ( 2 December 1966 -- August 1988 ) , better known as Tenor Saw , was a Jamaican dancehall singjay in the 1980s , considered one of the most influential singers of the early digital reggae era .
John Paulet , 2nd Marquess of Winchester ( c. 1510 -- 4 November 1576 ) , styled The Honourable John Paulet between 1539 and 1550 , Lord St John between 1550 and 1551 and Earl of Wiltshire between 1551 and 1555 , was an English peer .
Mahant Avaidyanath ( 28 May 1921 -- 12 September 2014 ) was a Hindu leader and politician .
Dr. Téréba Togola ( 1948 - -2005 ) was a Malian archaeologist from Sikasso .
Rocco D'Assunta ( 7 February 1904 -- 27 January 1970 ) was an Italian actor , voice actor , comedian and playwright .
Thomas de Cottingham ( c. 1300 -- 1370 ) was an English - born cleric and judge who held the office of Master of the Rolls in Ireland .
Benjamin Jacob ( 1 April 1778 -- 24 August 1829 ) was an English organist , conductor , and composer .
Though supposedly innocent , Eljigidei was arrested and put to death as well in 1251 or 1252 .
Maria Polydouri ( Greek : Μαρία Πολυδούρη ; 1 April 1902 -- 29 April 1930 ) was a Greek poet .
Adam Contzen ( 17 April 1571 , Monschau ( Montjoie ) , Duchy of Jülich--19 June 1635 , Munich ) was a German Jesuit economist and exegete .
Thomas Keightley ( 17 October 1789 -- 4 November 1872 ) was an Irish writer known for his works on mythology and folklore , particularly Fairy Mythology ( 1828 ) which has been reprinted as The World Guide to Gnomes , Fairies , Elves , and Other Little People ( 1880 , 1978 , 2000 , etc . ) .
Marjan Rožanc ( 21 November 1930 -- 18 September 1990 ) was a Slovenian author , playwright , and journalist .
John Dingwall ( 13 July 1940 -- 3 May 2004 ) was an Australian journalist , writer and director of film and television , best known for his screenplay Sunday Too Far Away ( 1975 ) .
Jørgen Jahre ( 29 October 1907 -- 24 April 1998 ) was a Norwegian shipowner and sports official .
Tony Glynn ( 1926 - -1994 ) was an Australian missionary priest in Japan whose work for postwar reconciliation between former enemies earned him imperial and national honours from both countries .
Henning Frederik Feilberg ( 6 August 1831 , Hillerød -- 8 October 1921 , Askov ) , was a Danish pastor , author and folklorist .
Prvoslav Mihajlović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Првослав Михајловић ; 13 April 1921 -- 28 June 1978 ) was a Serbian - Yugoslav footballer and head coach .
Little Wound ( c. 1835 - -Winter 1899 ; Lakota : Tȟaópi Čík’ala ) , Oglala Lakota chief .
Alonso de Ojeda ( ca.1468 ( some sources state 1466 ) -- 1515 ) was a Spanish navigator , governor and conquistador .
Maria of Jever , known in Jeverland as Miss Maria ( 5 September 1500 in Jever -- 20 February 1575 , Jever ) was the last ruler of the Lordship of Jever from the Wiemken family .
Brigadier General Henry Normand MacLaurin ( 31 October 1878 - 27 April 1915 ) was a barrister and Australian Army Colonel who served in World War I. He was shot dead by a Turkish sniper at Gallipoli on 27 April 1915 .
Yun Jeung ( Korean:윤증 , 1629 - -1714 ) was a Korean Neo Confucian scholar and Politicians from the Papyeong Yun clan during the late period of the Joseon Dynasty .
Jan Zwartendijk ( 29 July 1896 in Rotterdam -- 1976 , Eindhoven ) was a Dutch businessman and diplomat who helped Jews escape Lithuania during World War II .
Salvador Augusto Mijares Izquierdo ( 12 November 1897 - 29 June 1979 ) , was a Venezuelan lawyer , historian , writer , educator and journalist .
Bertram Wallis ( 22 February 1874 -- 11 April 1952 ) was an English actor and singer known for his performances in plays , musical comedies and operettas in the early 20th century , first as leading men and then in character roles .
Eugene Montgomery , a painter and illustrator , was born in Texas in 1905 and died in Aurora , Illinois on December 16 , 2001 of complications from a broken hip .
Edward Devereux , 12th Viscount Hereford ( 19 February 1741 -- 1 August 1783 ) was a British peer .
John Challoner MP ( c. 1520 - -1581 ) was the first Secretary of State for Ireland , appointed by Queen Elizabeth I of England in 1560 .
Silverine Swer ( 1910 - -2014 ) , popularly known as Kong Sil ( Kong means Elder sister in Khasi language ) , was an Indian social and environmental activist , educationist and civil servant .
Brice Mutton ( 8 January 1890 -- 7 December 1949 ) was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for 9 months in 1949 .
John Sweetman ( 9 August 1844 -- 8 September 1936 ) was an Irish nationalist politician who served as an anti - Parnellite Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the 1890s , but later radicalised .
Walkelin de Derby ( c. 1135 -- 1190 ) , also known as Walkelin de Ferrieres , anglicized as Walkelin de Ferrers , was a Norman lord of Egginton in the English county of Derbyshire .
Empress Dan ( 單皇后 , personal name unknown ) ( died 310 ) was an empress of the Chinese / Xiongnu state Han Zhao .
Carl Lindbergh Bernard Rogers , commonly known as C. L. B. Rogers , ( 1928 -- 25 July 1996 ) was a Hounduran - born Belizean politician .
Hans Gerhard Stub ( 23 February 1849 - 1 August 1931 ) was an American Lutheran theologian and church leader .
Seymour Bowman ( c 1621 -- 6 May 1704 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Matt Connors ( 23 October 1894 -- 16 December 1948 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Frédéric de Coninck ( 2 December 1740 , The Hague -- 4 September 1811 , Dronninggaard ) was a Dutch merchant active in Copenhagen , to which he moved in 1763 to set up a foreign trade and shipping company .
Francis McFadzean , Baron McFadzean of Kelvinside FRSE ( 26 November 1915 - 23 May 1992 ) was a British businessman .
Henry Tuchet , 10th Baron Audley , 7th Baron Tuchet ( died 30 December 1563 ) was an English peer .
Alwin Dalitz ( 18 May 1894 -- 29 January 1969 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Alexander Lyell McEwin , KBE ( 29 May 1897 -- 23 September 1988 ) , always known as `` Lyell McEwin '' was a politician in South Australia .
Namjilyn Norovbanzad ( Mongolian : Намжилын Норовбанзад ) ; ( 1931 - -2002 ) was a Mongolian singer of the traditional long song .
Charlie Kerins ( Irish : Cathal Ó Céirín ; 23 January 1918 -- 1 December 1944 ) was a physical force Irish Republican , was named the Chief of Staff of the Irish Republican Army .
John Culpeper ( 1366 - -1414 ) , styled `` Sir John Culpeper of Oxon Hoath , Knight '' , was a knight in the court of King Henry V of England .
Hu Weide ( Chinese : 胡惟德 ; pinyin : Hú Wéidé ; Wade -- Giles : Hu Wei - te ) ( 1863 -- 24 November 1933 ) was a Chinese politician and diplomat during the Qing dynasty and the Republic of China .
Kumar Roy ( 1926 - -2010 ) was a Bengali theatre actor , director and playwright .
Muhammed Wattad ( Arabic : محمد وتد‎ , Hebrew : מוחמד ותד‎ ; 1 June 1937 -- 24 September 1994 ) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1981 and 1988 .
Norberto Piñero ( 1858 - 1938 ) was a prominent Argentine lawyer , writer and conservative politician .
Haim Gvati ( Hebrew : חיים גבתי‎ , born 29 January 1901 , died 19 October 1990 ) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician .
John Dolman , Dowman or Dowlman ( died 1526 ) was an English clergyman and benefactor .
Matthew Thomlinson ( 1617 - -1681 ) was an English soldier who fought for Parliament in the English Civil War .
Aziz Mohammad Khan ( 1931 - -1992 ) or Aziz Qaisi was a well - known Urdu poet , short story writer , and film writer .
Frank Feller ( 1848 - 1908 ) was a Swiss artist who settled in England and made a career as an illustrator and painter .
Henry Piers , Esq ( 1568 - -1623 ) , also spelt Henry Pierce or Perse , was an Anglo - Irish landowner and Member of Parliament who held the estate of Tristernagh Abbey in the early 17th century .
Arthur Cherep - Spiridovich ( 1858 -- 22 October 1926 ) was a Russian Count who moved to the United States following the Bolshevik Revolution .
Sir Thomas Rumbold , 1st Baronet ( 15 January 1736 --11 November 1791 ) was a British politician and administrator in India , who served as Governor of Madras from 1777 to 1780 .
Petar Blagojevich ( Serbian form : Petar Blagojević/Петар Благојевић ; died 1725 ) was a Serbian peasant who was believed to have become a vampire after his death and to have killed nine of his fellow villagers .
Claude Dehombreux ( 14 October 1939 -- 31 December 2010 ) was the best Belgian rower of the 1960s--1970s , winning 30 national titles in skiff events .
Eugene Gilhawley ( 14 April 1910 -- 3 May 1987 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician , from Ballymote , County Sligo .
Robert Bourke , 1st Baron Connemara , GCIE PC ( 11 June 1827 -- 3 September 1902 ) , was a British Conservative politician and colonial administrator .
Frank Dudley Docker CB ( 26 August 1862 -- 8 July 1944 ) , known as Dudley Docker , was an English businessman and financier .
Matthew McDiarmid , full name Matthew Purdie McDiarmid ( 25 June 1914 - -12 February 1996 ) was a Scottish literary scholar , essayist , campaigning academic and poet .
Gordon Scrutton ( 31 December 1902 -- 6 June 1966 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Sturt in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Arthur St Leger , 1st Viscount Doneraile ( died 7 July 1727 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician and peer .
Saint Wulfram of Fontenelle or Saint Wulfram of Sens ( also Vuilfran , Wulfrann , Wolfran , Latin : Wulframnus , French : Vulfran or Vulphran ; c. 640 -- 20 March 703 ) was the Archbishop of Sens . His life was recorded eleven years after he died by the monk Jonas of Fontenelle .
Edward Chattaway ( 1873 -- 2 May 1956 ) was an English journalist and editor of The Star from 1930 to 1936 .
Johann Hofer ( 18 August 1810 in Önsbach , Baden -- 4 August 1880 in Offenburg ) was a German lawyer .
Jonathan Campbell Meakins ( 18 May 1882 -- 12 October 1959 ) was a Canadian doctor and member of the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame .
Kushimaumi Keita ( 久島海 啓太 ; 6 August 1965 -- 13 February 2012 ) , born as Keita Kushima ( 久嶋 啓太 ) , was a sumo wrestler from Shingū , Wakayama Prefecture , Japan .
Magrath Ó Fionnachta , Irish musician , died 1361 .
Claud Irvine Boswell , Lord Balmuto ( 1742 -- 22 July 1824 ) was a Scottish judge .
Cornelis Hendrikus Elleboogius ( Elleboog ) ( 1603 - -1701 ) was a Dutch Reformed theologian .
Hans Feige ( 10 November 1880 -- 17 September 1953 ) was a German General der Infantrie in the Wehrmacht during World War II .
Gerhart von Schulze - Gävernitz ( born 25 July 1864 in Breslau ; died 10 July 1943 in Krainsdorf ) was a German economist .
Turan - Mirza Kamal ( 1951 - -2004 ) was an American - born classical guitarist and composer as well as a chef .
Renate Müller ( 26 April 1906 -- 7 October 1937 ) was a German singer and actress in both silent films and sound films , as well as on stage .
Baroness Erzsébet Czobor de Czoborszentmihály ( 1572 -- 31 March 1626 ) was the second wife of Palatine György Thurzó .
Gerald Moverley ( 9 April 1922 - 14 December 1996 ) was the first Bishop of the Diocese of Hallam in Yorkshire from 30 May 1980 until July 1996 when he resigned due to ill health .
Scottish - born Thomas Bantock ( 1823 - 20 July 1895 ) was a self - made businessman and politician .
Albert Edwin Lynch ( 10 December 1900 - 23 August 1976 ) was a musician and Catholic priest .
Sir Robert Lauder of Beilmouth , Knt . , ( died 24 June 1709 ) was an armiger , lawyer and Clerk of Exchequer in Scotland .
Luis Mariano Rivera ( 1906 - 2002 ) was a Venezuelan singer , composer , poet , and dramatist .
Kahekili II , full name Kahekilinuiʻahumanu , ( c. 1737 - -1794 ) was an ali'i ( Moʻi ) of Maui .
Andries Waterboer ( c.1789 - 1852 ) was a leader ( `` kaptijn '' ) of the Griqua people .
Georg Hilker ( 5 June 1807 -- 13 January 1875 ) was a Danish decorative painter active during the Danish Golden Age in the first half of the 19th century .
Toliver Craig , Sr . ( born Taliaferro Craig ; c.1704 - -1795 ) was an 18th - century American frontiersman and militia officer .
Solomon Nunes Carvalho ( 1815 Charleston - 1897 ) was an American painter and photographer .
Harald Noreng ( 25 April 1913 -- 7 February 2006 ) was a Norwegian literary researcher and lexicographer .
Robert Bertie , 4th Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven , PC ( 17 October 1756 , Grimsthorpe -- 8 July 1779 , Grimsthorpe ) , styled Lord Robert Bertie until 1758 and Marquess of Lindsey between 1758 and 1778 , was a British peer .
Dennis Quigley ( 7 December 1913 -- 1984 ) was a Scottish professional footballer .
Edward Brereton ( c.1642 - 1725 ) , of Borras , Denbighshire , was a Welsh politician .
Elena Mumm Thornton Wilson ( 27 August 1906 -- 27 July 1979 ) was born into an unusual , wealthy , aristocratic European family and was the fourth wife of the famed American writer Edmund Wilson .
Luiz de Barros ( September 12 , 1893 -- 1982 ) was a prominent Brazilian film director , film producer , film editor , screenwriter , cinematographer , film actor and set designer and manager who played a key role in Brazilian film production from the early silent era around 1914 through to the late 1970s .
John Heylyn ( 1685 -- 11 August 1759 ) was an Anglican divine , who had a major influence on religious thought in eighteenth century England .
Marcia Ralston ( 19 September 1906 -- 23 November 1988 ) was an Australian born actress who appeared in Hollywood films in the 1930s and 1940s .
William Burchett ( 1694 - 27 December 1750 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1739 to 1750
The Dominican friar Vincent of Beauvais ( Vincentius Bellovacensis or Vincentius Burgundus ) ( c. 1190 -- 1264 ? ) wrote the Speculum Maius , the main encyclopedia that was used in the Middle Ages .
Pedro Ansúrez ( floruit 1065 - -1117 ; died 9 September 1118 ) was a Castilian count of Liébana , Saldaña and Carrión in the closing decades of the eleventh century and the opening decades of the twelfth .
Elizabeth Clarke ( c. 1565 - -1645 ) was the first woman persecuted by the Witchfinder General , Matthew Hopkins in 1645 in Essex , England .
Robert White McFarland ( June 16 , 1825-October 23 , 1910 ) was an American engineer who served as a university professor , president and Civil War officer .
Chaudhry Aftab Ahmed Gujjar died from complications of Hepatitis C and cancer in Shifa International Hospital Islamabad on 9 May 2009 , which was a biggest loss for his family members and friends , as he was sound of the people 's hearts .
Thomas Charles Bruce ( 15 February 1825 -- 23 November 1890 ) was a British barrister and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885 .
Antonio da Sangallo the Elder ( c. 1453 -- December 27 , 1534 ) was an Italian Renaissance architect who specialized in the design of fortifications .
Abigail Merwin ( 1759 - -1786 ) was a young lady in colonial era Connecticut who , in an action similar to the celebrated call to arms by Paul Revere , alerted American forces of the approach of British forces .
Joseph Kruk ( d. 1972 ) was a Polish Jewish socialist politician .
Hugo Knorr ( 17 November 1834 -- 29 September 1904 ) was a Prussian and German painter and teacher of art , specializing in landscape and marine art .
Anton Janša ( c. 20 May 1734 -- 13 September 1773 ) was a Carniolan apiarist and painter .
Berthold Hatschek ( 3 April 1854 -- 18 January 1941 ) was an Austrian zoologist remembered for embryological and morphological studies of invertebrates .
Edy Reinalter ( 24 December 1920 - 19 November 1962 ) was an Alpine skier and 1948 Olympic champion in Slalom .
Geoffrey de Saye ( 1155 - -1230 ) was an English nobleman , and Magna Carta surety .
Apoloniusz Kędzierski ( 1 July 1861 , Suchedniów -- 21 September 1939 , Warsaw ) was a Polish painter , illustrator and decorator , known for landscapes and scenes of peasant life .
Vasile Aaron ( 1770 - -1822 ) was an ethnic Romanian lawyer and poet who lived in the Austrian Empire .
Susan Sutherland Isaacs , CBE ( née Fairhurst ; 24 May 1885 -- 12 October 1948 ; also known as Ursula Wise ) was a Lancashire - born educational psychologist and psychoanalyst .
Pingali Nagendrarao ( Telugu : పింగళి నాగేంద్రరావు ) ( 29 December 1901 -- 6 May 1971 ) was a Telugu movie script writer , playwright and lyricist .
Johann Jakob Froberger ( baptized 19 May 1616 -- 7 May 1667 ) was a German Baroque composer , keyboard virtuoso , and organist .
Asbjørn Skarstein ( 7 March 1922 -- 22 October 1999 ) was a Norwegian civil servant and diplomat .
Dushun ( Chinese : 杜順 ; pinyin : Tushun ; Wade -- Giles : Tu - shun ) ( 557 - -640 ) was the First Patriarch in the Huayan School of Chinese Buddhism , which had the Indian Avatamsaka Sutra as its central scripture .
Eugene McDermott ( 1899 - 1973 ) was a geophysicist and co - founder first of Geophysical Service and later of Texas Instruments .
Major Abraham Nicholas ( died circa September 8 , 1738 ) served as mayor of Williamsburg , Virginia from 1735 to 1736 .
Frederick Gye ( the younger ) ( 1810 - -1878 ) was an English businessman and opera manager who for many years ran what is now the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden .
Percy Frank Goddard ( 27 November 1891- 8 December 1957 ) was a British boxer who became the heavyweight boxing champion in 1923 .
Einar Riis ( 19 October 1922 -- 30 May 2006 ) , was a Norwegian Consul in Rome , aircraft broker , husband of Mrs. Amelia Riis , daughter of shipowner Kristoffer Olsen .
Hajj Mirza Mohammad Karim Khan Kermani ( 1810 - 1873 ) , was a Shia scholar , a self - appointed leader of the Shaykhi community after the death of his mentor , Sayyid Kazim Rashti , who was the appointed successor to Shaykh Ahmad al - Ahsaʼi .
William Skrimshire ( the younger ) , ( 1766 in Wisbech -- 22 July 1829 ) was a surgeon and botanist .
Claude Toovey ( 24 November 1896 -- 28 January 1978 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hester Santlow ( married name Hester Booth ; c. 1690 -- 1773 ) was a noted British dancer and actress , who has been called `` England 's first ballerina '' .
Professor Yair Sprinzak ( Hebrew : יאיר שפרינצק‎ , 8 November 1911 -- 6 September 1999 ) was an Israeli scientist and politician who served as a Knesset for Moledet between 1988 and 1992 .
Sir Max Pemberton ( 19 June 1863 -- 22 February 1950 ) was a popular British novelist , working mainly in the adventure and mystery genres .
Rabbi Yaakov Gesundheit ( 1815 - 1878 ) was the chief rabbi of Warsaw from 1870 to ca .
Sir Thomas Keens ( 1870 -- 24 November 1953 ) was a British Liberal later National Liberal politician and accountant .
David Anthony Jacobs , Baron Jacobs , known as Anthony Jacobs ( 13 November 1931 -- 21 June 2014 ) was a British businessman and an Independent politician .
Ram Kapse ( 1 December 1933 -- 29 September 2015 ) was an Indian politician who was Lt Governor of Andaman and Nicobar Islands .
Alec Herd ( 8 November 1911 -- 21 August 1982 ) was a Scottish professional footballer .
İsmail Erez ( 28 September 1919 -- 24 October 1975 ) was a Turkish diplomat who held several high - ranking posts in the Turkish Foreign Service .
James Somerville , 6th Lord Somerville , ( c.1518 - 1569 ) was a Lord of the Parliament of Scotland James was the son of Hugh Somerville , 5th Lord Somerville and Jonet Maitland .
Otakar Jaroš ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈotakar ˈjaroʃ ) ; 1 August 1912 -- 8 March 1943 ) was a Czech officer in the Czechoslovak forces in the Soviet Union .
Wang De - lu ( Chinese : 王得祿 ; pinyin : Wáng Delù ) ( 1772 - 1843 ) was a Taiwanese general during the Qing Dynasty .
José Santiago Muñoz Bezanilla ( c.1780 - 1836 ) , was a Chilean soldier and politician .
The Right Reverend Sir Thomas Gooch , 2nd Baronet ( 1674 - -1754 ) was an English bishop .
Oluf Rygh ( 5 September 1833 -- 19 August 1899 ) was a noted Norwegian archaeologist , philologist and historian .
Heinrich Carl von Schimmelmann ( 13 July 1724 -- 16 February 1782 ) was a German - born Danish nobleman , merchant and statesman .
Magdalena de la Cruz ( 1487 - -1560 ) was a Franciscan nun of Córdoba in Spain , who for many years was honored as a living saint .
René - Louis Chartier de Lotbinière ( 1641 - -1709 ) was a French - Canadian Poet , 1st Seigneur de Lotbinière in New France ( 1672 ) , Judge of the Provost and Admiralty Courts and Chief Councillor of the Sovereign Council of New France .
Jesús Aguilar Paz ( 15 October 1895 in Gualala , Santa Bárbara Department -- 26 June 1974 in Tegucigalpa ) was a Honduran chemist , pharmacist , cartographer , folklorist and teacher .
Ruth Hope Crow AM ( 1916 - -1999 ) was an Australian Political activist .
Alfred Berthoud ( 1874 - -1939 ) was a Swiss chemist , professor of chemistry at the University of Neuchâtel .
Fernando Ruiz de Castro ( d. Bayonne , 1377 ) , was a Galician nobleman of the House of Castro and prominent military figure .
Samuel Bickerton Harman ( 20 December 1819 -- 26 March 1892 ) was a Canadian lawyer , accountant , politician , civil servant , and Mayor of Toronto from 1869 - 1870 .
Nora Niland ( 26 March 1913 -- 29 December 1988 ) was Librarian and founder of the Sligo municipal art collection .
Edward Parmelee Smith ( 1827 - -1876 ) was a Congregational minister in Massachusetts before becoming Field Secretary for the United States Christian Commission during the American Civil War .
Sir George Frederick Clucas , CBE , JP ( 11 January 1870 - 11 November 1937 ) was a Manx politician and Speaker of the House of Keys from 1919 to 1937 .
Captain Pipe ( c. 1725 ? -- c. 1818 ? ) ( Lenape ) , called Konieschquanoheel and also known as Hopocan , was an 18th - century chief of the Algonquian - speaking Lenape ( Delaware ) and a member of the Wolf Clan .
Paul Friedrich Reinsch ( 21 March 1836 , Kirchenlamitz -- 31 January 1914 , Erlangen ) was a German phycologist and paleontologist .
Sir Thomas Benger Master of the Revels ( ca . 1520 ? -- March 1577 ) succeeded Sir Thomas Cawarden as Elizabeth I 's Master of the Revels on 18 January 1560 .
Franklin Thomas Backus ( 6 May 1813 -- 14 May 1870 ) was an American laywer and politician .
Arthur Balfour , 1st Baron Riverdale GCB ( 9 January 1873 -- 7 July 1957 ) , known as Sir Arthur Balfour , 1st Baronet , from 1929 to 1935 , was a British steel manufacturer .
Berchtold Haller ( c. 1492 -- 25 February 1536 ) was a German Protestant reformer .
Khan Abdul Majid Khan Tarin ( also spelt Abdul Majeed Khan ) ( 1877 - -1939 ) , Khan - Sahib , OBE , was a prominent magistrate , MLA and philanthropist of the North West Frontier Province of former British India .
Max Reichpietsch ( 24 October 1894 -- 5 September 1917 ) was a German sailor executed in 1917 for socialist agitation in the Imperial German Navy .
Charles Apthorp ( 1698 - -1758 ) was a British - born merchant in 18th - century Boston , Massachusetts .
George Fordham ( 1837 - -1887 ) was a British flat racing jockey .
James Colnett ( 1753 -- 1 September 1806 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy , an explorer , and a maritime fur trader .
Dr. Anthony Relhan ( ca . 1715 - 1776 ) was a medical doctor and fellow of the King and Queen 's College of Physicians of Ireland , notable for writing a history of Brighton , and for promoting the drinking of mineral water .
Deric Longden ( 29 November 1936 -- 22 June 2013 ) was an English writer and autobiographer .
Wojciech Kucharski ( 1741 - -1819 ) was a Polish sculptor and mason .
Maria Curcio ( 27 August 1918 or 1919 -- 30 March 2009 ) was an Italian classical pianist who became renowned as a greatly influential and sought - after teacher .
Maurici de Sivatte i de Bobadilla ( Spanish : Mauricio de Sivatte y de Bobadilla ) ( 1901 - 1980 ) was a Spanish Carlist politician
Salik Lucknawi ( 16 December 1913 -- 4 January 2013 ) was the nom de plume of Shaukat Riaz Kapoor , an Indian Urdu poet and journalist .
John Wesley Hales ( Ashby de la Zouch , Leicestershire , Oct. 5 , 1836-London , May 19 , 1914 ) , was a British scholar and man of letters .
Mary Chudleigh , Lady Chudleigh ( August 1656 -- 1710 ) was an English poet who was part of an intellectual circle which included Mary Astell , Elizabeth Thomas , Judith Drake , Elizabeth Elstob , Lady Mary Wortley Montagu , and John Norris .
Christoph von Stadion ( 1478 - -1543 ) was Prince - Bishop of Augsburg from 1517 to 1543 .
Milton Kohn ( died 2001 ) was one of the leading private collectors of Holocaust memorabilia , and at one point had the world 's largest collection of Holocaust memorabilia .
Cecilia May Gibbs MBE ( 17 January 1877 -- 27 November 1969 ) , publishing under the name May Gibbs , was an English Australian children 's author , illustrator , and cartoonist .
Helen Lyman commonly known as Helen Hoyt or Helen Hoyt Lyman ( January 22 , 1887 -- August 2 , 1972 ) was an American poet .
Ludwig Babenstuber ( 1660 -- 5 April 1726 ) was a German philosopher and theologian and vice - chancellor of the University of Salzburg .
Henryk Lederman , ( nom - de - guerre `` Heniek '' ) ( born ? , died September 5 , 1944 in Warsaw ) - Cadet officer of the Polish Army , participant in the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising and the Warsaw Uprising .
Edith MacGregor Rome , RRC , SRN ( died 6 June 1938 ) was a British nursing matron and administrator .
Stefan Czarniecki ( ˈstɛfan t͡ʂarˈɲɛt͡skʲi ) of the Łodzia coat of arms ( 1599 -- 16 February 1665 ) was a Polish nobleman , general and military commander .
John Ker ( 8 August 1673 -- 8 July 1726 ) was a Scottish spy during the Jacobite risings .
Lieutenant Colonel Asrat Desta ( died 3 February 1977 ) was a member of the Derg , the military junta that ruled Ethiopia during the Ethiopian Revolution .
Enoch Douglas Davis ( 1908 - -1985 ) was an American reverend , author and civil rights activist who spent the majority of his life in the town of St. Petersburg , Florida .
Alf Goullet ( 5 April 1891 -- 11 March 1995 ) was an Australian cyclist who won more than 400 races on three continents , including 15 six - day races .
Joseph Moretti ( died 1 May 1793 ) was a German architect of Italian birth of the late baroque era .
D. M. Sutherland ( ? -- 13 December 1951 ) was a British journalist and editor .
Edwin G. Waite ( died 30 October 1894 ) was a politician , newspaper man , author , and goldminer .
Michał Twaróg of Bystrzyków ( Polish : Michał Twaróg z Bystrzykowa ; Latin : Michael vulgo Parisiensis de Majori Bystrzyków ) ( ca . 1450 - -1520 ) was a Polish philosopher and theologian of the early 16th century .
Vere Essex Cromwell , 4th Earl of Ardglass PC ( I ) , ( 2 October 1625 -- 26 November 1687 ) was an English nobleman , son of Thomas Cromwell , 1st Earl of Ardglass and Elizabeth Meverell .
James Hoste ( 1633 - -1699 ) , of Wood Hall , Sandringham , Norfolk , was an English politician .
Ambika Dutt Ranga ( 19 September 1919 -- 10 January 1990 ) was an Indian footballer .
Bayume Mohamed Husen ( born Mahjub bin Adam Mohamed ; 22 February 1904 -- 24 November 1944 ) was son of a former askari officer and served together with his father in WW I with German colonial troops .
Juan de Lima Serqueira ( c. 1655 - 1726 ) was a Spanish Baroque composer of tonos humanos .
Geoffrey Burnand ( 1 January 1912 -- 17 August 1997 ) was an English painter , theatrical designer and mural artist .
Karl Koopman ( 1 April 1920 -- 22 September 1997 ) was a zoologist with a special interest in bats .
James Mourilyan Tanner ( 1 August 1920 -- 11 August 2010 ) was a British pediatric endocrinologist who was best known for his development of the Tanner scale , which measures the stages of sexual development during puberty .
John Riley Holt , FRS ( 15 February 1918 -- 6 January 2009 ) was an English experimental physicist who played a part in the development of the atom bomb and later became one of the pioneers of elementary particle physics research .
Konrad Meyer or Konrad Meyer - Hetling ( 15 May 1901 -- 25 April 1973 ) was a German agronomist .
Ivan Mavrodi ( Russian : Иван Мавроди ; 5 August 1911 , Katarzhino -- 1981 , Odessa ) was a Bulgarian - Ukrainian Soviet writer and poet .
John Blight ( 30 July 1913 -- 1995 ) was an Australian poet of Cornish origin , his ancestors having arrived in South Australia on the Lisander , in 1851 .
Nicolas Trigault ( 1577 - -1628 ) was a Walloon Jesuit , and a missionary to China .
Stanislas Anselmetti ( 1892 -- 18 August 1952 ) was a Swiss racewalker .
Annie Landouw ( also Landauw , 1913 -- 17 August 1982 ) was an Indonesian keroncong singer and film actress .
Micajah C. Henley ( 1856 - -1927 ) was a Richmond , Indiana industrialist and inventor .
Browder J. Thompson ( August 14 , 1903 -- July 4/5 , 1944 ) was a noted American electrical engineer .
Tarlton made his last will on 3 September 1588 , describing himself as ' Richard Tarlton , one of the Grooms of the Queen 's Majesty 's Chamber ' .
( Emma Judith ) Mary Forster ( 1853 - -1885 ) was a British water - colour painter .
Daniel Penfield ( 1759 -- 1840 ) was an American merchant and Revolutionary War veteran who is best known for founding the town of Penfield , New York .
Sukarni ( 14 July 1916 - 7 May 1971 ) was one of young Indonesian activists who demanded independence during Dutch colonial governments and Japanese imperial army occupation and the chairman of Murba until his death .
Piotr Dunin ( c. 1415 -- 1484 ) was a Polish leader .
Rich Brenner ( 1946 -- 2012 ) was a graduate of Baldwin - Wallace College in Berea , Ohio .
Henry Coldston or Goldstone ( by 1498 - 1547 ) , was an English politician .
Carl August Nicholas Rosa ( 22 March 1842 -- 30 April 1889 ) was a German - born musical impresario best remembered for founding an English opera company known as the Carl Rosa Opera Company .
Philipp Rupprecht ( 4 September 1900 -- 4 April 1975 ) was a German cartoonist best known for his antisemitic caricatures in the Nazi publication Der Stürmer , under the pen - name Fips .
Haring Harinxma ( 1323 - -1404 ) was a powerful Frisian chieftain and Schieringer who lived during the 13th and early 14th centuries .
Bruno Ryves ( 1596 - -1677 ) was an English royalist churchman , editor in 1643 of the Oxford newsbook Mercurius Rusticus , and later dean of Chichester and dean of Windsor .
Josef Odložil ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjozɛf ˈodloʒɪl ) ; 11 November 1938 -- 10 September 1993 ) was a Czech middle - distance runner .
Mary Desha ( 1854 - -1911 ) was a founder of Daughters of the American Revolution .
Sir William Williams , 1st Baronet , Kt ( 1634 -- 11 July 1700 ) was a Welsh lawyer and politician .
Robert Murray Gilchrist ( 6 January 1867 -- 1917 ) was an English novelist and author of regional interest books about the Peak District .
John Butler of Clonamicklon ( or of Lismalin ) , ( 1305- January 6 , 1330 ) was the youngest son of Edmund Butler , Earl of Carrick and Joan FitzGerald .
Blessed Buenaventura García de Paredes ( Castañedo de Valdés April 19 , 1866 - 1936 ) was a Dominican priest and Master of the Order of Preachers .
Hemminki of Masku ( Finnish : Hemminki Maskulainen , Hemming Henrikinpoika Hollo ; Latin : Hemmingius Henrici ; c. 1550 - -1619 ) was a Finnish priest , hymn writer , and translator .
Sydney Starr ( Kingston upon Hull 10 June 1857 - New York City , 3 March 1925 ) was an English painter .
Loïc Leferme ( 28 August 1970 - -11 April 2007 ) was a French diver who was the world free diving record holder until 2 October 2005 , when he was surpassed by Herbert Nitsch .
Alphonse Kann ( 14 March 1870 -- 1948 ) was a prominent French art collector of Jewish heritage .
Wouter Gysaerts or Gualterus Gysaerts ( 1649 -- in or after 1677 ) was a Flemish still life painter who specialized in flower pieces and garlands .
Edward Dayes ( 1763 - -1804 ) was an English watercolour painter and engraver in mezzotint .
Harry Dewse ( 23 February 1836 -- 8 July 1910 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club , against Middlesex at the Prince 's Cricket Ground , Chelsea in May 1873 .
George Hamond ( 1620 - -1705 ) was an English ejected nonconformist minister .
Major General Colin Hall Simpson , CBE , MC , VD ( 13 April 1894 -- 23 August 1964 ) was an Australian Army officer who rose to the rank of major general as Signal Officer in Chief during the Second World War .
Hannah Margaret Mary Closs ( 1905 - 1953 ) was an art critic and novelist .
Christopher Feake ( 1612 - -1683 ) was an English Independent minister and Fifth - monarchy man .
Ye Yuanlong ( simplified Chinese : 叶元龙 ; traditional Chinese : 葉元龍 ; pinyin : Yè Yuánlóng ; 1879 - 1967 ) was a Chinese educator and economist .
Pope Leo VI ( died February 929 ) was Pope for just over seven months , from June 928 to his death in February 929 .
Dick Upex ( 26 June 1892 -- 22 May 1979 ) was an English professional football inside left who played in the Football League for Charlton Athletic .
Lajos Abafi or Ludwig Abafi - Aigner ( 11 February 1840 , Nagyjécsa , Torontál Shire -- 19 June 1909 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian editor , a librarian and entomologist .
Temür Qutlugh ( c. 1370 -- 1399 ) was a khan of Golden Horde in 1397 - -1399 .
Francis Donkin Bedford ( 1864 - -1954 ) , also known as F. D. Bedford , was a British artist and illustrator .
Izaak Aaronowicz , born Izaak ben Aron Prostitz ( died 1629 ) was a Polish author and printer of Hebrew books .
Tomàs Caylà i Grau ( 1895 - 1936 ) was a Catalan publisher and a Spanish Carlist politician .
Edna Guy ( 1907 - -1982 ) was an African - American modern dance pioneer .
Father Nicholas Bock ( Russian : Николай Иванович Бок ) , SJ ( 13 November 1880 , Saint Petersburg , Russian Empire -- 27 February 1962 , New York , USA ) was a Russian diplomat who later became a Catholic priest .
Harold Max Rosenberg ( 26 August 1922 -- 21 November 1993 ) , was a distinguished experimental physicist who is notable for two successful textbooks :
Maksymilian Ossoliński ( c.1558 - 1655 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian nobleman and politician .
Sir John Frank Kermode FBA ( 29 November 1919 -- 17 August 2010 ) was a Manx literary critic best known for his work The Sense of an Ending :
Henry Pepwell ( or Pepwall ) ( died 1539 or 1540 ) was an English printer .
Antoine - Simon Le Page du Pratz ( 1695?--1775 ) was an ethnographer , historian , and naturalist who is best known for his Histoire de la Louisiane .
Wilson Sawyer ( 1917 - -1979 ) was an American composer , arranger and musician .
Alípio de Miranda - Ribeiro ( 21 February 1874 , Rio Preto , Minas Gerais - 8 January 1939 ) was a Brazilian herpetologist and ichthyologist .
Raden Inoe Perbatasari ( before 1929 - -1954 ) was an Indonesian politician turned film director and actor .
Leonidas Paraskevopoulos ( Greek : Λεωνίδας Παρασκευόπουλος ; 7 October 1860 -- 16 May 1936 ) was a senior Greek military officer and politician .
Girolamo Dalla Casa ( also known as Hieronymo de Udene , died 1601 ) was an Italian composer , instrumentalist , and writer of the late Renaissance .
Kill Eagle , Wanbli Kte ( ca . 1827 - -1885 ) was a prominent leader of the Sihasapa ( Blackfeet ) band of Lakota people during the late nineteenth century .
Captain Alfred William Saunders ( 16 January 1888 -- 22 May 1930 ) was an Irish - born World War flying ace .
Sir Thomas Monson , 1st Baronet ( 1565 -- 29 May 1641 ) was an English politician and supporter of King James I.
Canon Horace Newton ( Born 1844 , Died 1920 ) was a priest within the Church of England , philanthropist , and country landowner .
Sir Alexander Fraizer ( 1610?--1681 ) , was a Scottish physician .
Benjamin Edward Spence ( 1822 - -1866 ) was an English sculptor , who spent much of his professional life in Italy
Hayyim ben Judah ibn Musa ( Béjar , near Salamanca 1380 - 1460 ) was a Jewish physician , chemist , astronomer , and apologist who contended with Nicholas de Lyra .
Sir Robert Dillington , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1575 - 1664 ) was an English aristocrat of the Dillington baronets , grandfather to Sir Robert Dillington , 2nd Baronet .
Helen Sutermeister ( 1943 or 1944 - 1979 ) was a historian and archaeologist involved in the program of Industrial Archaeology in Ontario .
Thomas Russ Deacon ( 3 January 1865 -- 30 May 1955 ) was a Canadian politician , the 24th Mayor of Winnipeg in 1913 and 1914 .
Áskell Löve ( 20 October 1916 - 29 May 1994 ) was an Icelandic systematic botanist , particularly active in the Arctic .
Arthur Forbes , 9th Earl of Granard AFC ( 1915 - 21 November 1992 ) , was a British peer .
Charles Compton , 7th Earl of Northampton , DL ( 22 July 1737 -- 18 October 1763 ) was a British peer and diplomat .
José Augusto Ferreira Veiga , Viscount of Arneiro ( 22 November 1838 -- 1903 ) was a Portuguese composer .
Douglas M. Thornton ( 1873 - -1907 ) was an English Christian missionary to Cairo , Egypt with the Church Missionary Society from 1898 - 1907 .
Oliver Byrne ( 26 July 1944 in Dublin -- 26 August 2007 ) was formerly the CEO of Irish soccer club Shelbourne F.C ..
Robert Goble ( 1903 - -1991 ) was an English harpsichord builder .
Baron Gaston van de Werve et de Schilde ( 22 March 1867 -- 18 August 1923 ) was a Belgian Roman Catholic politician .
Herman G. Weinberg ( 9 August 1908 -- 7 November 1983 ) was an American subtitler , film journalist and author .
Dr . Yashwant Singh Parmar ( 4 August 1906 -- 2 May 1981 ) was an Indian politician .
Alfred Marshall ( 26 July 1842 -- 13 July 1924 ) was one of the most influential economists of his time .
Karl Langer , Ritter von Edenberg ( 15 April 1819 , Vienna - 8 December 1887 ) was an Austrian anatomist .
Enrico Zuccalli , ( Johann Heinrich Zuccalli ; ca . 1642 -- 8 March 1724 ) was a Swiss architect who worked for the Wittelsbach regents of Bavaria and Cologne .
Sir Barry Denny , 1st Baronet ( c. 1744 -- April 1794 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician .
Reinhold Lepsius ( 14 June 1857 -- 16 March 1922 ) was a German painter , especially of portraits , and graphic artist .
William de Leftwich Dodge ( 1867 - -1935 ) was an American artist best known for his murals , which were commissioned for both public and private buildings .
Henry Hakewill ( 4 October 1771 -- 13 March 1830 ) was an English architect .
Lárentíus Kálfsson ( medieval Icelandic Laurentius Kálfsson ; 10 August 1267 -- 16 April 1331 ) was bishop of the northern Icelandic diocese of Hólar 1324 - -31 .
Eugene Mailloux ( 1878 in Stoney Point , Ontario -- 1929 ) was the founder and president of M & P grocery and meat stores in the early 1900s .
Beatrice Plummer , Baroness Plummer ( 14 April 1903 - 13 June 1972 ) was a British peeress .
Heneage Finch , 5th Earl of Winchilsea FSA ( 1657 -- 30 September 1726 ) was an English peer , styled Hon . Heneage Finch until 1712 .
Bea Orpen HRHA ( 7 March 1913 -- 12 July 1980 ) was an Irish landscape and portrait painter and teacher .
Wesley Wait ( May 15 , 1861 -- July 16 , 1949 ) was an American inventor , author , dental surgeon , and florist .
Jan Nowak - Jeziorański ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjan ˈnɔvak jɛʑɔˈraɲskʲi ) ; 2 October 1914 -- 20 January 2005 ) was a Polish journalist , writer , politician , social worker and patriot .
Juan Alonso Pérez de Guzmán y Coronel ( 1285 - 1351 ) , second lord of Sanlúcar , was a Castilian noble of the house of Medina Sidonia .
Jenny Boult ( 8 October 1951 -- 1 November 2005 ) , also known as MML Bliss , was an Australian poet , playwright , and editor .
Roy Payne ( 7 October 1909 -- 22 August 1969 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hao Pengju ( simplified Chinese : 郝鹏举 ; traditional Chinese : 郝鵬舉 ; pinyin : Hǎo Péngjŭ ; Wade -- Giles : Hao P'eng - chü ; January 29 , 1903 -- 1947 ) was a general and governor of Huaihai province of the Republic of China .
Alby Why , known by the alias Alby Carr , ( 1899 - 1969 ) was an Australian rugby league player of the 1920s player for the South Sydney Rabbitohs , who played under his alias for most of his career .
Guillaume Blanchard ( 1650 -- 1716 ) was an early settler at Annapolis Royal , Nova Scotia at a site on the Petitcodiac River .
Jeremy Brett ( born Peter Jeremy William Huggins ; 3 November 1933 -- 12 September 1995 ) , was an English actor , probably best known for playing fictional detective Sherlock Holmes in four Granada TV series from 1984 to 1994 in all 41 episodes .
Faustino Galicia Chimalpopoca or Faustino Chimalpopoca(tl ) Galicia ( died 1877 ) was the most active scholar of the Nahuatl language of the 19th century .
Sir Edwin Saunders ( 1814 -- 15 March 1901 ) was Queen Victoria 's personal dentist , and the first dental surgeon to be knighted .
Sir William Cockburn , 11th Baronet ( 2 June 1773 - 30 April 1858 , Kelston ) was a Church of England clergyman .
Pitts Sanborn ( 1879 - -1941 ) , was born John Pitts Sanborn in Port Huron , Michigan .
Amalia Sánchez Ariño ( 1883 - -1969 ) was a Spanish - born Argentine stage and film actress .
Edward Francis Cunningham ( ca . 1742 - -1795 ) , sometimes called Kelso or Francesco Calza or Calze , was a Scottish portrait painter .
Alfred Eddison Hutton ( 31 December 1865 - - 30 May 1947 ) was a British Liberal politician and manufacturer .
Margareta Clausdotter ( died 10 December 1486 ) was a nun and was , from 1473 until her death , abbess of the Bridgettine Abbey of Vadstena .
Ela Peroci ( 11 February 1922 -- 18 November 2001 ) was a Slovene children 's writer , author of numerous children 's stories that are considered classics in Slovene children 's literature .
Agnar Bachen ( 1922 - -1996 ) was a Norwegian , later naturalized British ship captain .
Friedrich Geiger ( 24 November 1907 -- 13 June 1996 ) was a German automobile designer whose most notable cars , the pre - World War II Mercedes - Benz 540 K and post - war Mercedes - Benz 300SL , are among the most highly regarded in automotive history .
Eva Sophie Piper , née Eva Sophie von Fersen ( 30 March 1757 -- 2 February 1816 , Löfstad Slott ) was a Swedish countess and lady in waiting .
William Fenner ( 1600 - -1640 ) was an English Puritan divine .
Francesco Longo Mancini ( 1880 - -1954 ) was an Italian painter of the early 20th century who was known for his paintings of nudes .
Shirley Rumsey ( 1933 - 1996 ) was an English musician who recorded two well - received solo CDs of Renaissance music for Naxos Records in the mid 1990s .
Robert Christopher Tytler ( 25 September 1818 -- 10 September 1872 ) was a British soldier , naturalist and photographer .
Edward Cracknell ( 1831 -- 14 January 1893 ) was New South Wales superintendent of telegraphs .
John Delap ( 1725 - -1812 ) was an English churchman and academic , known as a poet and dramatist .
Jan Aronsson ( 28 November 1931 -- 4 January 2016 ) was a Swedish footballer .
Øystein Elgarøy ( 1929 - -1998 ) was a Norwegian astronomer , with a specialty in solar radio astronomy .
Sir William Spring , 1st Baronet ( 1613 -- 17 December 1654 ) was an English Parliamentarian politician and a member of the Spring family of Pakenham , Suffolk .
Robert Wight ( 6 July 1796 -- 26 May 1872 ) was a Scottish surgeon and botanist who spent 30 years in India .
James Hurdis ( 1763 - -1801 ) was an English clergyman and a poet , born in Bishopstone , East Sussex .
Nelly Blair , later Nelly Smith ( 1759 -- 1820 ) .
Heikki Simonen ( 22 April 1902 , Alavieska - 16 January 1975 ) was a Finnish smallholder and politician .
Devyani Chaubal ( 1942 -- 13 July 1995 ) was an Indian journalist and columnist .
Kim Saryan or Kim Sa - ryang ( Japanese 金 史良 キム・サリャン Korean 김 사량 ) ( March 3 , 1914 -- 1950 ) was a Japanese and Korean author during the Japanese Colonial Period .
Frank Arthur Bellamy ( 17 October 1863 -- 15 February 1936 ) was a British astronomer worked on Astrographic Catalogue with his niece , Ethel Bellamy .
Ramaprasad Banik ( ? --2010 ) was a Bengali theatre actor , director and playwright .
Alvin Todd ( 23 January 1903 -- 27 June 1964 ) , was an American film editor .
Ranbir Singh Kanwar(b . Dec. 20 , 1930 ; d. Dec. 20 , 2005 ) was an eminent plant breeder and agronomist who helped usher in the green revolution in India ( http://www.sugarcaneindia.com/r_s_kanwar.html ) .
Sir Maurice de Berkeley `` the Resolute '' ( 1218 - 4 April 1281 ) , 5th ( feudal ) Baron de Berkeley , was an English soldier and rebel , residing at Berkeley Castle in the English county of Gloucestershire .
Girolamo Lucchesini ( 7 May 1751 -- 20 October 1825 ) was a diplomat of the Kingdom of Prussia .
Basheer Mauladad ( 1931 - 2014 ) was a prominent Kenyan Asian .
Richard Fermor ( 1480x84 - -1551 ) , was an English wool merchant .
Rolo Mestman Tapier ( 1 July 1945 -- 3 December 2007 ) otherwise known as Lord Bloody Wog Rolo was a colourful eccentric Sydney identity and one of the founding members of BUGAUP ( Billboard Utilising Graffitists Against Unhealthy Promotions ) .
Ian B. Tanner ( 24 February 1926 - 27 December 2013 ) was an Australian Presbyterian and Uniting Church minister .
Clarance Holt ( 9 January 1826 -- 27 September 1903 ) , born Joseph Frederick Holt was an English actor - manager who had a successful career on the stage in England , Australia and New Zealand .
Henry Andres Burgevine ( Chinese : 白齊文 ) ( 1836 - -1865 ) was an American sailor of French ancestry , mercenary and soldier of fortune , who became famous for his military victories for Imperial China during the Taiping Rebellion .
George Samuel Sewell GM and bar ( 26 September 1897 -- 5 April 1969 ) was one of the first recipients of the George Medal ( GM ) and was the first civilian to be awarded a bar to the GM .
Theresa Yelverton ( 1833 -- 13 September 1881 ) was an English woman who became notorious because of her involvement in the Yelverton case , a 19th - century Irish law case , which eventually resulted in a change to the law on mixed religion marriages in Ireland .
Dom Benet Perceval , OSB ( 1916 -- 2009 ) was the oldest member of the monastic community at Ampleforth Abbey , England , when he died at age 92 on 30 January 2009 .
Arwel Hughes OBE ( 25 August 1909 -- 23 September 1988 ) was a Welsh orchestral conductor and composer .
Levi Gibbon ( c. 1807 -- 1 August 1870 ; `` Lefi Gibbwn '' in Welsh ) was a Welsh balladeer .
Cristián Huneeus ( 1935 - -1985 ) was a Chilean essayist and writer .
Thomas Henry Tizard C.B , F.R.S , R.N ( 1839 -- 17 February 1924 ) , was an English oceanographer , hydrographic surveyor , and navigator .
John Grainger ( 1830 , Belfast-- 1891 ) was an Irish cleric and antiquarian .
Anton Flettner ( November 1 , 1885 December 29 , 1961 ) was a German aviation engineer and inventor .
Nathaniel Vincent ( c.1639?--1697 ) was an English nonconformist minister , ejected in 1662 and several times imprisoned .
Joseph William Dunning ( 5 November 1833 , Leeds -- 15 October 1897 , London ) was an English entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera .
Zhu Shuzhen ( Chinese : 朱淑真 , ) ( c. 1135 -- 1180 ) was a Chinese poet who lived during the Song dynasty .
Mary Maguire ( 22 February 1919 -- 18 May 1974 ) was an Australian - born actress who briefly became a Hollywood and British film star in the late 1930s .
Mairtin Thornton ( died 1984 ) was an Irish heavyweight boxer in the 1940s .
Olav Bjaaland ( 5 March 1873 -- 8 June 1961 ) was a Norwegian ski champion from Telemark .
Reinhold Grönvall ( 1 May 1851 , Pori - 3 March 1916 ) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman .
Chang Chi - yun ( Chinese : 張其昀 ; pinyin : Zhāng Qíyún ; 29 September 1901 -- 26 August 1985 ) was a historian , geographer , educator and politician .
Hemi Topine Te Mamaku ( c. 1790 -- June 1887 ) was a Māori chief in the Ngāti Hāua - te - rangi iwi from the Whanganui region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Walter Gempp ( 13 September 1878 - 2 May 1939 ) was a firefighting expert .
Sir Robert Catlyn ( died 1574 ) was an English judge and Chief Justice of the Queen 's Bench .
Anthony Wotton ( c. 1561 -- 1626 ) was an English clergyman and controversialist , of Puritan views .
Alaviyya Babayeva Hanifa Kizi ( 12 August 1921 -- 23 September 2014 ) was a prose - writer , translator of contemporary Russian literature , and publicist .
James Kilton Clapp ( December 30 , 1897 -- 1965 ) was an American electrical engineer who worked for General Radio Corporation .
Beaumont Cranfield ( 28 August 1872 -- 20 January 1909 ) was an English professional cricketer who played first - class cricket for Somerset County Cricket Club and the Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) between 1897 and 1908 .
Élie Le Goff was a French sculptor born in 1858 and who died in 1938 .
Mircea Grabovschi ( sometimes spelled Grabovski or Grabowski ; December 22 , 1952 - -2002 ) was a Romanian handball player and coach .
Conall mac Taidg ( died c. 807 ) ( Conall son of Tadc ) was a king of the Picts from 785 until 789 .
Peter Perchard ( c. 1729 - 21 January 1806 ) was a British goldsmith and merchant who served as Lord Mayor of London in 1804 .
László Palóczy ( 14 October 1783 -- 27 April 1861 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as acting Speaker of the House of Representatives as oldest member of the lower house in 1849 .
Jeong Ki - ryong ( 1562 - -1622 ) was a prominent Korean Army general during the Joseon Dynasty .
George IV , Count of Erbach - Fürstenau ( 12 May 1646 -- 20 June 1678 ) , was a member of the German House of Erbach who held the fiefs of Fürstenau , Michelstadt , Reichenberg , Bad König and Breuberg .
Baptist Noel , 4th Earl of Gainsborough ( 1708 -- 21 March 1751 ) was an English peer and Member of Parliament , styled Viscount Campden until 1714 .
Walter Süskind ( 29 October 1906 -- 28 February 1945 ) was a German Jew who helped about 600 Jewish children escape the Holocaust .
Henry Stephen Gorham(1839 - -1920 ) was an English entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera .
Artie Gold ( 15 January 1947 -- 14 February 2007 ) was a Montreal based Canadian poet who rose to prominence in the 1970s as one of the circle of Montreal - based writers known as The Vehicule Poets .
Robert of Thornham ( or Robert de Turnham ) ( died 1211 ) was an English soldier and administrator .
Henrich Krummedige ( also recorded as Hinrik , Henrik or Henry with surname variations including Krummedike and Krummendiek ) , was born circa 1464 in Norway and died in 1530 .
Charles John Prescott ( 9 June 1857 -- 12 June 1946 ) was an English born Australian army chaplain , Methodist minister and headmaster .
Sima Daozi ( 司馬道子 ) ( 364 - -403 ) , formally Prince Wenxiao of Kuaiji ( 會稽文孝王 ) , was a regent during the reign of his nephew Emperor An of Jin , being the younger brother of Emperor Xiaowu .
Lakshman Rajapaksa ( 1905 - -1969 ) also known as D. A. Rajapaksa , was a Sri Lankan politician .
Hillson Beasley ( 30 April 1855 -- 7 October 1936 ) was an English - trained architect who relocated to Australia , executing his major buildings in Melbourne ( 1886 - -96 ) and Perth ( 1896 - -1917 ) .
Horace Evans , 1st Baron Evans ( 1 January 1903 -- 26 October 1963 ) was a Welsh physician who served the royal family of the United Kingdom .
Ruth A. Myers ( 1926 - -2001 ) was known as the `` grandmother of American Indian Education in Minnesota . ''
George Simmonds ( 16 July 1895 -- 15 January 1973 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John Nevell , Neville , Nevill or Nevil , ( ? - 1697 ) , was an English Vice Admiral from the 17th century .
Louis - François Roubiliac ( more correctly Roubillac ) ( 1702/1705 -- 11 January 1762 ) was a French sculptor who worked in England , one of the four most prominent sculptors in London working in the rococo style , He was described by Margaret Whinney as `` probably the most accomplished sculptor ever to work in England '' .
Johann Spies ( ca . 1540 - 1623 ) was a German printer who published an anonymous book of tales about a legendary Doctor Faust who made a pact with the Devil .
Leela Dube ( 27 March 1923 -- 20 May 2012 ) was a renowned anthropologist and feminist scholar , fondly called Leeladee by many .
John William Kirwan ( died 29 December 1849 ) was the first President of Queen 's College , Galway .
Mehmed I Giray , Mukhamad Khan Girai , known as Great ( 1465 - -1523 ) -- a khan of the Crimean Khanate in 1515 --1523 .
Tzimtzincha - Tangaxuan II ( died 1530 ) was the last cazonci ( monarch ) of the Tarascan state , the kingdom of the Purépecha from 1520 - -1530 .
Margaret Battye ( 9 August 1909 -- 16 November 1949 ) was an Australian barrister and jurist , who is considered as one of the most influential women in politics , business and the legal advancement in Oceania .
Mauro Aldrovandini ( 1649 - -1680 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Gertie Gitana ( 27 December 1887 -- January 1957 ) was a British music hall entertainer .
Hernando Pizarro Leongómez ( 1959 - 25 February 1995 in Bogotá ) was a Colombian guerrilla , not only known for being the brother of the commander of the 19th of April Movement ( M-19 ) Carlos Pizarro Leongómez but as the second in command of the Ricardo Franco Front .
Rotmistrz Ryszard Dembinski ( 24 February 1924 -- 29 June 2008 ) was a Polish Cavalry officer and D - Day Veteran , who , following World War II , helped to establish the Polish Institute and Sikorski Museum in London , which he chaired for 25 years ( 1979 - -2004 ) .
Paddy Tunney ( 28 January 1921 -- 7 December 2002 ) was an Irish traditional singer , poet , writer , raconteur , lilter and songwriter .
Rudolf Callmann ( 29 September 1892 -- 12 March 1976 ) was a German American legal scholar .
Agnes , Countess of Dunbar and March ( née Randolph ; c. 1312 - -1369 ) , known as Black Agnes for her dark hair and eyes , and sallow complexion , was the wife of Patrick , 9th Earl of Dunbar and March .
Norman Whatley ( 8 September 1884 -- 1 April 1965 ) was an English educationalist , headmaster of Clifton College from 1923 - 1939 , and also a historian , Fellow of Hertford College , Oxford .
Eduard Künneke ( also seen as Edward and spelled Künnecke ) ( 27 January 1885 -- 27 October 1953 ) was a German composer of operettas , operas and theatre music .
Ada Hayden ( 14 August 1884 -- 12 August 1950 ) was an American botanist , educator , and preservationist .
Sol Liptzin ( 1901 -- 15 November 1995 ) was a scholar , author , and educator in Yiddish and German literature .
Andrej Bicenko ( October 17 , 1886 -- 1985 ) also spelled Andrei Bicenko , Andrey Bitsenko ( Russian Cyrillic:Андрей Васильевич Биценко ) was a Russian fresco painter .
Captain John Dibbs , ( 1790 - -1872 ) was a master mariner prominent during 1822 - -1835 in the seas around the colony of New South Wales , New Zealand and the Society Islands ( now Tahiti ) .
Přemek I , Duke of Opava ' ( or Przemko I ) ( Czech : Přemysl I. Opavský ; German : Přemysl I. von Troppau ; born : c. 1365 ; died : 28 September 1433 ) was a member of the Opava branch of the Bohemian Přemyslid dynasty .
János Bolyai ( Hungarian : ( ˈjaːnoʃ ˈboːjɒi ) ; 15 December 1802 -- 27 January 1860 ) or Johann Bolyai , was a Hungarian mathematician , one of the founders of non - Euclidean geometry -- a geometry that differs from Euclidean geometry in its definition of parallel lines .
Arthur Michael Ramsey , Baron Ramsey of Canterbury , PC ( 14 November 1904 -- 23 April 1988 ) was an English Anglican bishop and life peer .
Lionel Colin Brewill ( 1889 - -1943 ) ARIBA TD was an architect based in Nottingham .
Charles Burgess Fry , known as C. B. Fry ( 25 April 1872 -- 7 September 1956 ) , was an English polymath ; an outstanding sportsman , politician , diplomat , academic , teacher , writer , editor and publisher , who is best remembered for his career as a cricketer .
Barnim VI , Duke of Pomerania ( c. 1365 -- 22 September 1405 in Pütnitz , near Ribnitz - Damgarten ) was duke of Pomerania - Wolgast from 1394 to 1405 .
John Flete ( ca . 1398 -- 1466 ) was an English monk and ecclesiastical historian who documented the history and abbots of Westminster Abbey .
Maria Luisa Zuloaga de Tovar ( 1902 - -1992 ) was a Venezuelan ceramicist .
Cecil Stanley Harrison , CMG OBE ( 17 November 1902 -- 14 April 1962 ) was Bailiff of Jersey from 1961 to 1962 .
Ricardo Mórtola Di Puglia ( c. 1950 -- 22 April 2014 ) was an Ecuadorian architect and businessman .
Carroll Vincent Newsom ( 1904 - 1990 ) was an American educator who served as the eleventh NYU President and President of Prentice Hall .
Don Whiteside ( 1931 - 1993 ) was a sociologist , native author , Canadian civil servant , and founder and president of the Civil Liberties Association , National Capital Region .
Sir Adolphus Oughton , 1st Baronet ( c. 1685 -- 4 September 1736 ) , was a British politician .
Melvin E. Sherwin ( 1881 - 1924 ) was a founding member of FarmHouse fraternity at the University of Missouri , and was later the head of the soils department at what is now called North Carolina State University from 1910 until his death in 1924 at the age of 42 .
Rabbi Simcha Elberg ( known as עלבערג שמחה in Hebrew ) ( 1915 - -1995 ) was a renowned Talmudic scholar and the chairman on the executive board of the Union of Orthodox Rabbis for 25 years .
Paul Parin ( 20 September 1916 -- 18 May 2009 ) was a Swiss psychoanalyst , author and ethnologist .
Vlatko Konjevod ( 1923 in Sarajevo -- December 2005 ) was a Yugoslav footballer and football manager .
Mabel Cawthra Adamson ( 1871 - -1943 ) was a Canadian painter and decorator , active in the Arts and Crafts movement in Toronto .
Marc - Edmond Dominé ( 21 June 1848 - 28 June 1921 ) was a French Army officer who served in the Franco - Prussian War , the Sino - French War , and in the various territories of the French colonial empire .
Sarabjit Singh ( also spelled Sarabjeet Singh ; Punjabi : ਸਰਬਜੀਤ ਸਿੰਘ ; 1963 or 1964 -- 2 May 2013 ) ( alleged to be Manjit Singh by Pakistan ) was an Indian national convicted of terrorism and spying by a Pakistani court .
Johan Robert Selfelt ( 22 May 1903 -- 24 August 1987 ) was a Swedish horse rider .
George Herbert Carpenter ( 1865 - -1939 ) was a British naturalist and entomologist , born in the Peckham district of southeast London in 1865 , and died in Belfast on 22 January 1939 .
Jere Abbott ( 1897 - -1982 ) , was the first associate director of the Museum of Modern Art in New York .
The Hon . Gregor McGregor ( 18 October 1848 -- 13 August 1914 ) was an influential Australian politician and trade union leader of the late nineteenth and early twentieth century .
William Wellesley - Pole , 3rd Earl of Mornington GCH PC PC ( Ire ) ( 20 May 1763 -- 22 February 1845 ) , known as Lord Maryborough between 1821 and 1842 , was an Anglo - Irish politician and an elder brother of the Duke of Wellington .
Michael James Casey ( 19 February 1918 -- 31 March 1944 ) , known as `` Mike '' , was a British Blenheim bomber pilot of Irish descent who was taken prisoner during the Second World War .
Geoffrey Phibbs ( Norfolk,1900-Dublin , 1956 ) was an Irish poet ; he took his mother 's name and called himself Geoffrey Taylor , after about 1930 .
Jimmy Tansey ( 29 January 1929 -- 7 July 2012 ) was an English professional footballer who played for Everton and Crewe Alexandra .
Helmut Zacharias ( 27 January 1920 -- 28 February 2002 ) was a German violinist and composer who created over 400 works and sold 14 million records .
Ernst Rudolf Huber ( 8 June 1903 -- 28 October 1990 ) was a German jurist , noted as a constitutional historian and for his attempts to provide a legal underpinning for the Nazi regime .
Saint Goar of Aquitaine ( c. 585 -- 6 July 649 ) was a priest and hermit of the seventh century .
Justice T. V. R. Tatachari BSc , B.L. ( 16 October 1916 -- 1 June 2001 ) was Chief Justice of Delhi High Court .
Umarali Quvvatov ( Tajik : Умаралӣ Қувватов ; 21 November 1968 -- 5 March 2015 ) was a Tajikistani businessman and politician .
Gery Scott ( 5 October 1923 -- 14 December 2005 ) was a jazz and cabaret entertainer and teacher , whose performing career spanned 26 countries and over 60 years .
Sir Edward Charles Stirling CMG , MA , MD , DSc , FRS , FRCS ( 8 September 1848 -- 20 March 1919 ) was an Australian anthropologist and the first professor of physiology at the University of Adelaide .
General Douglas Hamilton ( 8 April 1818 -- 20 January 1892 ) was a British Indian Army officer , gazetted to the 21st Regiment of the Madras Native Infantry from 1837 to 1871 .
Paul Van Asbroeck ( 1 May 1874 -- 1959 ) was a Belgian sports shooter who competed in the early 20th century in rifle and pistol shooting .
Walter Richard Cassels ( 4 September 1826 in London -- 10 June 1907 ) is the speculated author of the anonymous work Supernatural Religion .
Jacinto Caamaño Moraleja ( 1759 - 1825 ? ) was the leader of the last great Spanish exploration of Alaska ( then Russian America ) and the Coast of British Columbia .
Teresia Constantia Phillips or Con Phillips ( 2 January 1709 -- 2 February 1765 ) was a British courtesan and bigamist who published a scandalous autobiography .
Francis Raven ( April 26 , 1914 - December 1983 ) was an American cryptologist and an early employee of the National Security Agency .
Francis Robert Bonham ( 6 September 1785 -- 26 April 1863 ) was a British party agent and politician .
Stefan Ossowiecki ( 1877 - -1944 ) was a Polish engineer who was , during his lifetime , promoted as one of Europe 's best - known psychics .
Lupu Coci , known as Vasile Lupu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( vaˈsile ˈlupu ) ; 1595 - -1661 ) was the Voivode of Moldavia between 1634 and 1653 .
John Heaviside Clark ( c.1771 - -1836 ) was a Scottish aquatint engraver and painter of seascapes and landscapes .
Babë Dud Karbunara ( 1842 - -1917 ) , born Jorgji Karbunara was an Albanian teacher and politician .
Bogumil Vošnjak , also known as Bogomil Vošnjak ( 9 September 1882 -- 18 June 1955 ) was a Slovene and Yugoslav jurist , politician , diplomat , author and legal historian .
Lissy Schmidt ( ca . 1959 -- 3 April 1994 ) , also known by her pseudonyms Milena Ergen and Petra Sert , was a German journalist who worked for the Agence France Presse , Frankfurter Rundschau ( Frankfurt ) , and Der Tagesspiegel ( Berlin ) .
Edward Greswell ( 1797 - -1869 ) was an English churchman and academic , known as a chronologist .
John Douglas , 7th Marquess of Queensberry ( 1779 -- 19 December 1856 ) , styled Lord John Douglas from May to December 1837 , was a Scottish Whig politician .
Peter Gunnarsson Rambo ( 1612 - -1698 ) was a Swedish immigrant to New Sweden who lived as a farmer and served as a justice on the Governor 's Council .
Christian Albert , Burgrave and Count of Dohna ( also known as Christoph Albert , 10 December 1621 in Küstrin & nash ; 14 December 1677 in Gartz ) was a German nobleman .
Michel Martin Drolling ( 7 March 1789 -- 9 January 1851 ) was a neoclassic French painter , painter of history and portraitist .
Choe Bu ( 1454 - -1504 ) was a Korean official during the early Joseon Dynasty ( 1392 - -1910 ) .
Brian Desmond Hurst ( 12 February 1895 -- 26 September 1986 ) was a Belfast - born film director .
Zheng Zhong ( 鄭眾 ) , courtesy name Jichan ( 季產 ) ( died 107 ) , was the first Han Dynasty eunuch with true power in government , thanks to the trust that Emperor He had in him for his contributions in overthrowing the clan of Empress Dowager Dou , particularly her autocratic brother Dou Xian .
Nedo Nadi ( 9 June 1894 -- 29 January 1940 ) was one of the best Italian fencers of all time .
Patience Collier ( 19 August 1910 -- 13 July 1987 in London ) was a British actress .
Jon Mathews ( 10 February 1932 - 1979 ) was an American scholar , physicist , author , and adventurer .
Maurice Ludmer ( 1926 - -1981 ) was a British anti - fascist activist and journalist .
Frederick IV , Duke of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg ( Gotha , 28 November 1774 -- Gotha , 11 February 1825 ) , was the last duke of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg .
Eugene Lee - Hamilton ( 6 January 1845 -- 9 September 1907 ) was a late Victorian English poet .
Maharani Mahtab Kaur ( b. 1782 - d. 1840 ) was the first wife of Ranjit Singh , Maharaja of Sikh Empire and daughter of Sardar Gurbakhsh Singh Kanhya .
George Morrissey ( 1 January 1883 -- 7 December 1964 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ioan Vlădea ( 24 October 1907 , Râșnov , 24 November 1976 , Timișoara ) was a Romanian engineer from IAR Brașov , who developed the compressor of plane engine IAR 80 .
Captain Dr Henry Speldewinde de Boer , CMG , MC ( 1896 - -1957 ) was a Ceylonese born British colonial doctor .
Sir Alexander Robertson Murray , KT , KStJ , KCIE , ( 29 November 1872 -- 19 March 1956 ) was a former President of the Bengal Chamber of Commerce .
Nicholas Tacitus Zegers ( c.1495 -- 25 August 1559 ) was a Flemish Franciscan biblical exegete .
Charles Christian Georgeson ( June 26 , 1851 -- 1931 ) was an agronomist , born on Langeland , Denmark .
Román Viñoly Barreto ( 8 August 1914 -- 20 August 1970 ) was a Uruguayan - Argentine film director .
Katharine Mortimer ( 1923 - -2003 ) was an American socialite .
Elof Eriksson ( 1883 - -1965 ) was a Swedish anti - Semitic political writer .
Abraham Hart ( 15 December 1810 , Philadelphia - 22 July 1885 , Long Branch , New Jersey ) was a United States publisher , a member of the noted firm of Carey and Hart .
María Elena Aldunate Bezanilla , who wrote under the name Elena Aldunate , ( March 1 , 1925 -- 2005 ) was a Chilean journalist and writer .
Teddy Lockwood ( 6 December 1872 -- 25 June 1953 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and Collingwood during the years following the formation of the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Thomas Duckworth Benson ( 1857 - -1926 ) , known as T. D. Benson , was a British socialist activist .
Jack Hixon ( 1921 -- 20 December 2009 ) was an English football talent scout .
Tim Guest ( 16 July 1975 -- 31 July 2009 ) ( also known as Yogesh and Errol Mysterio ) was an English author and journalist .
Emil Bobu ( 22 February 1927 -- 12 July 2014 ) was a Romanian Communist activist and politician , who served as Interior Minister from 1973 to 1975 and as Labor Minister from 1979 to 1981 .
Steve Hanson ( 7 August 1961 -- 4 November 2015 ) was a professional rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) competition .
Benjamin W. Arnett ( 1838 - -1906 ) was an African - American educator , minister , bishop and elected official .
György Lahner ( Hungarian : Lahner György , Láhner György , German : Georg Lahner ; 6 October 1795 , Necpál ( Slovak : Necpaly ) - 6 October 1849 , Arad ) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army .
Fazle Lohani ( Bengali : ফজেল লোহানী ; 12 March 1929 -- 30 October 1985 ) was a Bangladeshi journalist , television host , songwriter and film producer .
H. Cooper Cliffe ( 19 July 1862 - 1 May 1939 ) was a British stage and screen actor a member of a distinguished family of English actors , his father was Clifford Cooper , mother Agnes Kemble , and his brother was Frank Kemble Cooper .
Ishak Pasha ( Turkish : İshak Paşa ; fl . 1469 - -died 1497 ) was an Ottoman general , statesman , and later Grand Vizier .
Harold Marshall Sylvester Richards Sr . ( 1894 - -1985 ) , commonly known as H. M. S. Richards , was a well - known Seventh - day Adventist evangelist and author .
Paidi Lakshmayya BA , B.L. ( Telugu : పైడి లక్ష్మయ్య ) ( 26 April 1904 -- 28 April 1987 ) was Indian Parliamentarian , actor , writer and administrator .
Saint Matthias of Jerusalem ( died 120 AD ) was a 2nd century Christian saint and a Bishop of Jerusalem , who 's episcapcy was about 113 - 120AD .
Robert Welles , 8th Baron Willoughby de Eresby and Baron Welles ( died 19 March 1470 ) , was the son of Richard Welles , 7th Baron Welles , and Joan Willoughby , 7th Baroness Willoughby de Eresby .
David Victor Emmanuel ( 10 February 1963 -- 15 March 2011 ) , better known as Smiley Culture , was a British reggae singer and DJ known for his ' fast chat ' style .
Sir James Douglas Cooke , FRCS ( 1879 -- 13 July 1949 ) was a Conservative politician from England .
Thomas Simpson Cooke ( `` Tom Cooke '' ) ( July 1782 -- 26 February 1848 ) was an Irish composer , conductor , singer , theatre musician and music director -- an influential figure in early 19th - century opera in London .
Sir John Sulman ( 29 August 1849 -- 18 August 1934 ) was an Australian architect .
Jean - Baptiste Barsalou ( 9 September 1706 -- 18 March 1776 ) was from a business family in Montreal , his father having been a master tanner with his own business in that location .
Adam Beckett ( born 1950 , Los Angeles , California , died 1979 , Val Verde , California ) was an animator , special effects artist and teacher , most notable for his work on Star Wars .
Augustine Francis Hewit ( Fairfield , Connecticut , U.S.A. , 27 November 1820 -- New York , 3 July 1897 ) was an American Redemptorist priest , and second Superior General of the Paulist Fathers .
Donal Collins was found dead in his home in County Wexford on the evening of 9 April 2010 .
Anders Peter Nielsen ( 25 May 1867 -- 16 April 1950 ) was a Danish shooter who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century in rifle shooting .
James Clarke Hook RA ( 21 November 1819 -- 14 April 1907 ) was an English painter and etcher of marine , genre and historical scenes , and landscapes .
Merv Storey ( 20 November 1913 -- 13 July 1977 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Pierre - Paul Saunier ( 1751 - -1818 ) was a gardener who worked first at Montbard in Eastern France , and then at the Jardin du Roi in Paris where he was a protégé of head gardener André Thouin ( 1746 - -1824 ) .
Bruce Bursford ( 29 April 1958 - 9 February 2000 ) was a British sportsman who broke the record for the fastest speed on a bicycle on a treadmill at 334.6 km / h in 1996 .
Alexander Alexeyevich Borisov ( Russian : Александр Алексеевич Борисов , 14 November ( O.S. 2 November ) 1866 -- 17 August 1934 ) was a Russian painter notable for his Arctic landscapes .
Petpet Park was a virtual pet website launched by Nickelodeon Kids & Family Virtual Worlds Group ( formerly Neopets ) in October 2008 .
The Graphics Interchange Format ( better known by its acronym GIF /ˈdʒɪf/ JIF or /ˈɡɪf/ GHIF ) is a bitmap image format that was introduced by CompuServe in 1987 and has since come into widespread usage on the World Wide Web due to its wide support and portability .
ESPN MLS GameNight is a video game of the sports genre released in 2000 by Konami and Saffire Corporation .
Drop Mania is a falling - block puzzle video game , developed by Ninai Games ( as Detonium Interactive ) and published by Suomen Kotijäätelö Oy in 1999 for Windows .
Dune 2000 is a real - time strategy video game , programmed by Intelligent Games and released by Westwood Studios in 1998 for Microsoft Windows .
F.E.A.R. 3 ( stylized as F.3.A.R. ) is a first - person shooter survival horror video game developed by Day 1 Studios for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
Screwjumper ! is an action video game for the Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade , developed by Frozen Codebase and published by THQ .
Extase is a computer game that was created in 1990 by Cryo Interactive , and published by Virgin Games .
Marksman Shooting & Trap Shooting is a light gun shooter compilation game released for Sega Master System in North America in 1986 .
Grid MP is a commercial distributed computing software package developed and sold by Univa ( formerly known as United Devices ) , a privately held company based primarily in Austin , Texas .
Pokémon Emerald , known in Japan as Pocket Monsters Emerald ( ポケットモンスター エメラルド Poketto Monsutā Emerarudo , ) , is a role - playing video game developed by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance handheld video game console .
Harvest Moon 2 GBC , released in Japan as Bokujō Monogatari GB2 ( 牧場物語GB2 ) , is a farm simulation video game for the Game Boy Color developed by Victor Interactive Software , and the second portable game in the Story of Seasons series .
QEMU was written by Fabrice Bellard and is free software and is mainly licensed under GNU General Public License ( GPL ) .
Disney Think Fast ( stylised as Disney TH!NK Fast ) is an American Disney - themed trivia game show - based game developed by Magenta Software and published by Disney Interactive Studios .
Destroy All Humans ! is an action - adventure game developed by Pandemic Studios and published by THQ .
Hypaball is a computer game released in 1986 for the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum computer by Odin Computer Graphics .
Fat Princess is an action real - time strategy video game for the PlayStation 3 , developed by Titan Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment .
FIFA 16 is an association football simulation video game developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , Xbox One , Android and iOS .
Windows Messaging , initially called Microsoft Exchange Client , is an email client that was included with Windows 95 ( beginning with OSR2 ) , 98 and Windows NT 4.0 .
Heracles Chariot Racing is a racing game by Neko Entertainment originally released for PlayStation 2 in 2007 .
A World of Keflings is a city - building video game developed by NinjaBee for the Xbox Live Arcade .
Heavy on the Magick is a video game for Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum published in 1986 by Gargoyle Games .
Shatterhand is a side - scrolling action game for the Nintendo Entertainment System developed by Natsume and published by Jaleco in North America in 1991 and in Europe in 1992 .
Bing xRank ( previously Live Search xRank ) was a search service as part of Microsoft 's Bing search engine .
Backfire ! is a 3D rally racing arcade game released by Data East in 1995 .
Between Heaven and Earth ( French : Sur la terre comme au ciel ) , also exhibited under the title On Earth As It Is In Heaven , is a 1992 film directed by Belgian director Marion Hänsel and starring Carmen Maura .
Ranczo Wilkowyje is a Polish film released in 2007 directed by Wojciech Adamczyk , which follows the story of television series produced by TVP Ranczo .
The Luckiest Girl in the World is a 1936 comedy film directed Edward Buzzell and written by Herbert Fields and Henry Myers .
Normal ! is a 2011 Algerian drama film written and directed by Merzak Allouache .
Tyrannens fald is a 1942 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks .
The Scouting Book for Boys is a British film directed by Tom Harper , produced by Ivana MacKinnon and written by Jack Thorne .
On November 19 , 2007 , original series director Richard L. Bare announced that he was working on a revival of Green Acres .
House of Mortal Sin ( also known as The Confessional and The Confessional Murders ) is a low budget 1976 horror film directed by Pete Walker , and scripted by David McGillivray , from a story by Walker .
Svět otevřený náhodám is a 1971 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Karel Steklý .
The Long Silence ( Italian : Il lungo silenzio , German : Zeit des Zorns , French : Le long silence ) is a 1993 Italian - German - French political thriller - drama film directed by Margarethe von Trotta .
Okkadu ( The One ) is a 2003 Telugu melodrama film written , and directed by Gunasekhar .
Kahaani ( IPA : ( kəˈɦaːni ) ; `` Story '' ) is a 2012 Indian Hindi mystery thriller film co written , co produced and directed by Sujoy Ghosh .
People on Wheels ( Czech : Lidé z maringotek ) , also translated as Trailer People , is a 1966 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič .
Nattukku Oru Nallavan is a Tamil , Kannada and Telugu film which has story , screenplay , dialogues and direction by V. Ravichandran .
Gayab ( English : Disappear or Vanished ) ( Hindi : गाय़ब ) is a 2004 bollywood , supernatural thriller film directed by Prawaal Raman , and produced by Ram Gopal Varma .
Thanks a Million is a 1935 musical film produced and released by 20th Century Fox and directed by Roy Del Ruth .
Jukti Takko Aar Gappo ( Jukti tôkko aːr gôppo , English : Reason , Debate and a Story ) is a 1974 Bengali film directed by Ritwik Ghatak .
Is It Clear , My Friend ? ( Je li jasno , prijatelju ? ) is a Croatian film directed by Dejan Aćimović .
The Black Diamond Express is a 1927 silent railroad feature film drama directed by Howard Bretherton and starring Monte Blue .
Harbour Beat is a 1990 Australian - British film which marked the directorial debut of David Elfick .
The Conscience of Hassan Bey is a 1913 American short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and Christy Cabanne .
Let Them Chirp Awhile is a 2007 independent drama - comedy by Jonathan Blitstein , filmed in just eighteen days in New York during October 2006 .
Tough Guys , Easy Girls ( German : Schwere Jungs - leichte Mädchen ) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Lissy Arna , Gustav Fröhlich and Eugen Burg .
City of Damnation ( Hangul : 유감스러운 도시 ; RR : Yoogamseureowoon dosi ; MR : Yugamsŭrŏun tosi ) is a 2009 South Korean film directed by Kim Dong - won and is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong film Infernal Affairs .
Mists ( Brumas ) is a 2003 Portuguese independent feature - length film by Ricardo Costa , a docufiction .
My Wedding Night ( Spanish : Mi noche de bodas ) is a 1961 Mexican - Spanish comedy film directed by Tulio Demicheli and starring Concha Velasco , Luis Aguilar and Rafael Alonso .
Chandranath ( Bengali : চন্দ্রনাথ ) is a 1984 Bangladeshi film directed by Chashi Nazrul Islam .
Il corpo della ragassa is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile .
Bangkok Hilton is a three - part Australian mini - series , made in 1989 by Kennedy Miller Productions and directed by Ken Cameron .
Teen Sau Din Ke Baad ( 300 days & After ) is a 1938 Hindi social comedy film directed by Sarvottam Badami .
O Bobo is a 1987 Portuguese film directed by José Álvaro Morais .
One Pound Only is a 1964 Israeli black and white slapstick comedy directed by Yoram Gross .
The Private Afternoons of Pamela Mann was a 1974 American adult film starring Barbara Bourbon and directed by Radley Metzger ( under his nom de porn `` Henry Paris '' ) that is considered one of the classics of the Golden Age of Porn .
Invisible City is a 2009 documentary film by Hubert Davis about young Black Canadian men at risk in Toronto 's Regent Park district .
Trolley Troubles is a 1927 animated short subject film , produced and directed by Walt Disney .
Bluebeard 's Ten Honeymoons is a 1960 British thriller directed by W. Lee Wilder and starring George Sanders , Corinne Calvet and Jean Kent .
Beyond the Rockies is a 1932 American Pre - Code Western film directed by Fred Allen and written by Oliver Drake .
The Marine is a 2006 American action film directed by John Bonito .
Sol Madrid is a 1968 film directed by Brian G. Hutton and filmed in Acapulco .
Martha and I ( Czech : Marta a já , German : Martha und ich ) is a 1990 Czechoslovak - German drama film directed by Jiří Weiss .
Sweethearts and Wives is a 1930 American Pre - Code mystery film with comedic elements produced and released by First National Pictures , a subsidiary of Warner Bros. , and directed by Clarence G. Badger .
Little Miss Marker ( also known as The Girl in Pawn ) is an American Pre - Code 1934 comedy - drama film directed by Alexander Hall .
Speedy Delivery is a 2008 documentary film directed and produced by Paul B. Germain .
Love 's Berries ( Russian : Ягoдка Любви , translit . Yagodka lyubvi , Ukrainian : Ягідки кохання , translit . Yahidky kokhannya ) is a 1926 Soviet film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko .
Torchy the Battery Boy was the second television series produced by AP Films and Gerry Anderson , running from 1960 to 1961 .
Icche ( English : Wish ) is a 2011 Bengali language Indian drama film directed by Shiboprosad Mukherjee and Nandita Roy .
Mugiyada Kathe ( Kannada : ಮುಗಿಯದ ಕಥೆ ) is a 1976 Indian Kannada film , directed by Durai and produced by P H Rama Rao and R Pandari Bai .
Ocean 's Thirteen is a 2007 American comedy heist film directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring an ensemble cast .
Sikke'n familie is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks .
Paranormal Activity 3 is a 2011 American found footage supernatural horror film , directed by Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman .
The Collector of Bedford Street is a 2002 documentary film about director Alice Elliott 's neighbor , Larry Selman , a community activist and fundraiser who had an intellectual disability .
Women and Banknotes ( German : Frauen und Banknoten ) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Fritz Kaufmann .
Some Like It Cool is a 1961 film directed by Michael Winner , on the then provocative subject of naturism .
Mann tut was Mann kann is a 2012 German movie directed by Marc Rothemund .
Diamond Handcuffs is a 1928 American drama silent film directed by John P. McCarthy and written by Joseph Farnham , Willis Goldbeck and Bradley King .
Sword of Sherwood Forest is a 1960 British adventure film directed by Terence Fisher for Hammer Film Productions .
Suraj Ka Satvan Ghoda ( Translation : Seventh Horse of the Sun ) is a 1992 Indian Hindi film directed by Shyam Benegal and based on a novel of the same name by Dharmavir Bharati .
The film was directed by Menahem Golan , who co - wrote the screenplay with Haim Hefer , and starred Yehoram Gaon as Kazablan and Efrat Lavi as Rachel .
A Switchback Railway is an 1898 British short black - and - white silent actuality film , directed by Robert W. Paul , featuring patrons riding on a switchback railway at a fairground .
Round - Up Time in Texas is a 1937 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and written by Oliver Drake .
Winning Back His Love is a 1910 silent film short directed by D. W. Griffith .
Sarkar Raj ( Hindi : सरकार राज , translation : Reign of the Overlord ) is a 2008 Indian political drama thriller film set in the world of North Indian politics and crime written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma .
Stop , Look and Love is a 1939 American comedy film , directed by Otto Brower .
Xagoroloi Bohudoor ( Assamese : সাগৰলৈ বহুদূৰ , English : It 's a Long Way to the Sea ) is an Assamese language film directed by Jahnu Barua .
Abhimaanam is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by RS Prabhu .
Noin seitsemän veljestä ( Approximately Seven Brothers ; also stylised as `` Noin 7 Veljestä '' ) is a 1968 comedy directed by Jukka Virtanen and which was written and produced by Spede Pasanen .
Caídos en el infierno is a 1954 Argentine film , directed and written by Luis César Amadori .
Under Your Spell is a 1936 American romantic comedy film with music directed by Otto Preminger .
Laaj ( Urdu : لاج‎ ) is a 2003 Pakistani Urdu film which was directed by Rauf Khalid .
Ek Hi Bhool ( English : Only One Mistake ) is a 1981 Bollywood , drama film produced by A. Purnachandra Rao on Lakshmi Productions banner , directed by Tatineni Rama Rao .
The Chinatown Mystery is an 1915 short silent mystery film directed by Reginald Barker and featuring Howard C. Hickman , Leona Hutton , Sessue Hayakawa and Tsuru Aoki in important roles .
Hills of Kentucky is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by Howard Bretherton and written by Edward Clark .
Passport to Rio ( Spanish : Pasaporte a Río ) is a 1948 Argentine crime film , directed by Daniel Tinayre and written by César Tiempo and Luis Saslavsky .
Blood Stained Shoes ( simplified Chinese : 绣花鞋 ; traditional Chinese : 繡花鞋 ; pinyin : Xiù Huā Xié ) is a 2012 Chinese horror film directed by Raymond Yip .
All 's Well , Ends Well Too ( 花田喜事 ) is a 1993 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Clifton Ko , and released as comedy fare as is the usual custom to entertain movie - goers on the Lunar New Year celebrations .
Dante 's Peak is a 1997 American dramatic disaster thriller film directed by Roger Donaldson .
Our Sunhi ( Hangul : 우리 선희 ; RR : Uri Seonhui ) is a 2013 South Korean film written and directed by Hong Sang - soo .
My Husband 's Getting Married ( Hungarian : Házasodik az uram ) is a 1913 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz .
Marilena from P7 ( Romanian : Marilena de la P7 ) is a medium - length Romanian film , directed by Cristian Nemescu .
Do n't Go Near the Park ( also known as Curse of the Living Dead , Nightstalker and Sanctuary for Evil ) is a 1981 American horror film directed by Lawrence D. Foldes .
Death of a Tea Master ( Japanese : 千利休 本覺坊遺文 , Sen no Rikyu : Honkakubô ibun also known as Sen no Rikyū : Honkakubo 's Student Writings ) is a 1989 Japanese biographical drama film directed by Kei Kumai .
Je suis un sentimental is a 1955 French - Italian crime film directed by John Berry .
Mi mujer está loca is a 1952 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Carlos Schlieper and Enrique Cahen Salaberry , and starring Amelia Bence , Alberto Closas , and Amalia Sánchez Ariño .
Mudhalvan ( English : Chief Minister ) is a 1999 Tamil language Indian political thriller film co - written , directed and co - produced by S. Shankar .
Indrudu Chandrudu is a 1989 Telugu - language Indian feature film directed by Suresh Krissna and produced by D.Rama Naidu , starring Kamal Haasan , Vijayashanti and Charan Raj in lead roles .
Forest of the Gods ( Lithuanian : Dievų miškas ) is a 2005 film , directed by Algimantas Puipa , based on the Balys Sruoga novel of the same name .
16 Vayathinile ( English : At Age 16 ; read as Pathinaaru Vayathinile ) is a 1977 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by P. Bharathiraja in his directorial debut .
Kurumbu is a 2003 Indian Tamil film directed by Vishnuvardhan , making his directorial debut .
The concept for Xenoblade Chronicles originated in June 2006 when Tetsuya Takahashi visualized and then constructed a model of two giant gods frozen in place with people living on their bodies .
Indie Director is a 2013 independent film that was directed by Bill Zebub .
The Goose Hangs High is a 1925 American comedy silent film directed by James Cruze and written by Lewis Beach , Anthony Coldeway and Walter Woods .
April 1 Vidudala is a 1991 Telugu , Comedy film produced by P.V.Bhaskar Rao on Poorna Teja Creations banner and directed by Vamsy .
Fugitive Rage is a crime drama action film directed by Fred Olen Ray and starring Shauna O'Brien , Jay Richardson & Alexander Keith , credited as Wendy Schumacher .
Mi marido y mi novio is a 1955 Argentine film directed by Carlos Schlieper , starring Delia Garcés and Georges Rivière .
Crime Zone ( Calles Peligrossas in Peru ) is a 1989 American - Peruvian dystopian science fiction film directed by Luis Llosa , written by Daryl Haney , and starring David Carradine , Peter Nelson , Sherilyn Fenn , and Michael Shaner .
Toofani Tarzan ( Typhoon Tarzan / Stormy Tarzan ) is a 1937 Hindi action adventure film directed by Homi Wadia .
La svergognata ( The shameless woman ) , is a 1974 Italian erotic drama film directed by Giuliano Biagetti .
Chasing Mavericks is a 2012 American biographical drama film directed by Curtis Hanson and Michael Apted about the life of American surfer Jay Moriarity .
Glastonbury Fayre is a 1972 documentary film directed by Nicolas Roeg and Peter Neal of the 1971 Glastonbury Festival ( known then as the Glastonbury Fair ) which was held on 20 - -24 June 1971 .
A Pair of Briefs is a 1962 British legal comedy film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Michael Craig , Mary Peach , Brenda De Banzie and James Robertson Justice .
Father of Four and the Wolf Cubs ( Danish : Far til fire og ulveungerne ) is a 1958 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin .
Lakshmi Saraswathi ( Kannada : ಲಕ್ಷ್ಮೀ ಸರಸ್ವತಿ ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. L. Swamy ( Ravi ) and produced by B H Jayanna .
The Michelle Apartments is a Canadian black comedy film , released in 1995 , by John Pozer .
Her Country First is a 1918 American comedy silent film directed by James Young and written by Edith M. Kennedy and Mary Roberts Rinehart .
The Fabulous World of Jules Verne ( Czech : Vynález zkázy , literally The Deadly Invention or An Invention for Destruction ) is a 1958 Czechoslovak adventure film directed by Karel Zeman .
Scene No . 7 is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Ambili and produced by V Rajan .
Funes , a Great Love ( Spanish : Funes , un gran amor ) is a 1993 Argentine film directed by Raúl de la Torre and based on a novel by Humberto Constantini .
Brødrene på Uglegaarden is a 1967 Danish comedy film directed by Ib Mossin and Alice O'Fredericks .
The Gnome - Mobile is a 1967 Walt Disney Productions comedy - fantasy film directed by Robert Stevenson .
Super - Rabbit was the 16th Bugs Bunny entry , and the 47th directed by Chuck Jones .
Saddle Mountain Roundup is a 1941 American film directed by S. Roy Luby , one of the Range Busters series .
A Bronx Morning is a 1931 American Pre - Code avant - garde film by American filmmaker Jay Leyda ( 1910 - -1988 ) .
Ponirah Terpidana ( literally Ponirah is Convicted ) is a 1984 Indonesian drama film directed by Slamet Rahardjo .
Scummy Man is a short film , written and directed by Paul Fraser and produced by Mark Herbert and Diarmid Scrimshaw , based on the song `` When the Sun Goes Down '' by the Arctic Monkeys , and released on DVD on 10 April 2006 by Domino Records .
Sewing Woman is a 1982 American short documentary film directed by Arthur Dong about one woman 's journey to America , from an arranged marriage in old China to life in San Francisco .
Sahara Love is a 1926 British - Spanish silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Marie Colette , Jean Dehelly and Sybil Rhoda .
Devra Bada Satawela ( Hindi : देवरा बड़ा सतावेला ) is a 2010 Indian , bhojpuri language film directed by Rajkumar R. Pandey .
Blonde Comet is a 1941 racing movie directed by William Beaudine and starring Virginia Vale as a female racing driver who competes all over Europe then returns to America where she finds romance with a male driver ( Robert Kent ) against whom she races .
The Einstein Theory of Relativity ( 1923 ) is a silent film directed by Max and Dave Fleischer and released by Fleischer Studios .
Aaron Slick from Punkin Crick ( aka Marshmallow Moon in the UK and the Philippines and Härkiä , heiniä ja hakkailua in Finland ) was a 1952 ' hillbilly ' movie made by Paramount Pictures , directed by Claude Binyon and produced by William Perlberg and George Seaton .
A Low Down Dirty Shame is a 1994 action - comedy film , written , directed by , and starring Keenen Ivory Wayans .
Tutyu and Totyo ( Hungarian : Tutyu és Totyó ) is a 1915 Hungarian silent film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Gusztáv Vándory .
Aranyakanda is a 1986 Telugu action thriller , directed by Kranthi Kumar produced by C. Penchal Reddy on Ushodaya Enterprises banner .
Ghostbusters II is a 1989 American supernatural horror comedy film , produced and directed by Ivan Reitman .
Eva tropí hlouposti ( Eva Fools Around ) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič .
Kadina Rahasya ( Kannada : ಕಾಡಿನ ರಹಸ್ಯ ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film , directed by Geethapriya and produced by R. Rangappa and M. P. Shankar .
Mother Holly or Mother Hulda ( German : Frau Holle ) is a 1954 West German family film directed by Fritz Genschow and starring Renée Stobrawa , Rita - Maria Nowotny and Werner Stock .
Achtste Groepers Huilen Niet ( English : Sixth Graders Do n't Cry , also known as Cool Kids Do n't Cry ) is a 2012 family drama that was directed by Dennis Bots .
Evilspeak ( also known as Evilspeaks ) is a 1981 American horror film written by Eric Weston and Joseph Garofalo and directed by Weston .
September Storm is a 1960 American adventure film directed by Byron Haskin .
The Hungover Games is a 2014 parody film , directed by Josh Stolberg .
The Ravine of Death or Cage of Death ( German : Die Schlucht des Todes ) is a 1923 German silent thriller film directed by Luciano Albertini , Albert - Francis Bertoni and Max Obal .
In May 2015 , Flyvista ceased all operations due to a decreasing number of passengers .
The Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic ( Georgian SSR ; Georgian : საქართველოს საბჭოთა სოციალისტური რესპუბლიკა sakartvelos sabch'ota socialist'uri resp'ublik'a ; Russian : Грузинская Советская Социалистическая Республика Gruzinskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika ) was one of the republics of the Soviet Union from its inception in 1922 to its breakup in 1991 .
The Liberal and Centre Union ( Lithuanian : Liberalų ir centro sąjunga , LiCS ) was a conservative - liberal political party in Lithuania active between 2003 and 2014 .
On December 12 , 2005 , Victor Ireland , President of Working Designs , announced via the company 's message board that it was closing its doors .
Canadian Airlines International Ltd. ( stylized as Canadi > n Airlines ) was a Canadian airline that operated from 1987 until 2001 .
Slavo - Serbia ( Ukrainian : Слов’яносе́рбія ; Russian : Славяносербия ( Slavyanoserbiya ) ; Serbian : Славеносрбија or Slavenosrbija ; archaic Serbian name : Славено-Сербія ) was a territory of Imperial Russia between 1753 and 1764 .
On 26 March 2009 the board of LOT Polish Airlines decided to close Centralwings with no information about what will happen to its employees .
The Principality of Montenegro ( Serbian : Књажевина Црнa Горa / Knjaževina Crna Gora ) was a former realm in Southeastern Europe that existed from 13 March 1852 to 28 August 1910 .
The National Socialist Schoolchildren 's League ( Nationalsozialistischer Schülerbund ) , known under the acronyms NSS and also , more rarely NSSB , was a National Socialist organisation for primary school pupils providing a student council and child protection system in Germany from 1929 till 1933 .
The Chen dynasty ( simplified Chinese : 陈朝 ; traditional Chinese : 陳朝 ; pinyin : Chén Cháo ; 557 - 589 ) , also known as the Southern Chen dynasty , was the fourth and last of the Southern Dynasties in China , eventually destroyed by the Sui dynasty .
Junkers GmbH was absorbed within MBB and the Junkers name disappeared in 1969 .
The Petter Solberg World Rally Team was a team that competed in the World Rally Championship from 2009 to 2011 , owned by Norwegian driver Petter Solberg .
British rule in Burma lasted from 1824 to 1948 , from the Anglo - Burmese wars through the creation of Burma as a Province of British India to the establishment of an independently administered colony , and finally independence .
1time Airline ( Pty ) Ltd was a South African low - cost airline that operated between 2004 and 2012 .
Schlecker announced the closure of half its shops across Germany with effect from 29 February 2012 .
After the end of the Old Swiss Confederacy in 1798 Schänis Abbey , by the operation of the Act of Mediation of 1803 , lost all its feudal rights and was gradually forced to dispose of all possessions outside the canton of St. Gallen .
Vladimir Socor graduated from the Russian School in Bucharest , received a B.A. in History from the University of Bucharest , and after leaving Romania legally in 1972 , he received a Master of Philosophy in East European History from Columbia University in 1977 .
Vera Yurasova studied at the Physics Faculty of Moscow State University from 1946 to 1951 .
John Jeffcoat graduated from Denison University in 1994 , and in addition to directing has worked as a writer , producer , cinematographer and editor .
Hugh Collins FBA ( born 21 June 1953 ) is the Vinerian Professor of English Law at the University of Oxford and a fellow of All Souls College .
Nicholas Brown , Jr. ( April 4 , 1769 -- September 27 , 1841 ) was a Providence , Rhode Island businessman and philanthropist who was the namesake of Brown University .
Kevin Henrikson earned his Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering from University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) in 2000 .
In 1979 Judy Harrow graduated from City College of New York Graduate School of Education with a M.S. in Counseling with honors .
Steve Tittle studied composition at Kent State University with Harold Miles , John White and Fred Coulter , and at University of Wisconsin-- Madison with Hilmar Luckhardt , Robert Crane and Burt Levy .
Sterling Watson , M.A. , University of Florida , Professor of Literature and Creative Writing , Co - director of Writers in Paradise , and Director of the Writing Workshop at Eckerd College in St. Petersburg , Florida , is a fiction writer and screenwriter .
Katherine R. Whitmore ( née Katherine Prue Reding ) ( Kansas , 1897 - 1982 ) was a Spanish literature professor at Smith College .
Charles Ugwuh holds an MSc in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Birmingham , England .
After high school , LaChanze studied Drama at Morgan State University in Baltimore , Maryland , before transferring to the University of the Arts in Philadelphia , where she studied Theater and Dance .
Anthony Ruys ( 20 July 1947 , Antwerp ) is a former Chairman of the Executive Board of Heineken N.V. Ruys holds a degree in commercial law from the University of Utrecht and a Master 's degree from Harvard Business School .
Benjamin de Rothschild studied at the Swiss Institut Florimont and holds a BA in Business Management from Pepperdine University .
Van Ellis Huff ( 1894 -- 1987 ) was a University of Florida trained engineer who popularized residential use of a combination jalousie window .
Seweryn Bialer ( born November 3 , 1926 ) is an emeritus professor of political science at Columbia University and an expert on the Communist parties of the Soviet Union and Poland .
Leonard Greene graduated in 1938 from the City College of New York with a B.S. in Chemistry , and went on to receive a M.S. in aeronautical engineering .
Between 1926 and 1932 , Horia Sima was a student at the Faculty of Letters and Philosophy of the University of Bucharest .
Clay Dreslough is the creator of the Baseball Mogul and Football Mogul computer sports games , and is the co - founder and President of Sports Mogul , Inc. He was born in Boston , Massachusetts ( USA ) and graduated from Wesleyan University .
Athene Seyler was President of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art ( RADA ) from 1950 , and a member of the Theatrical Ladies Guild .
John Edward King ( 10 July 1858 -- 21 March 1939 ) was an author , Fellow and Tutor of Lincoln College , Oxford , High Master of Manchester Grammar School , Headmaster of Bedford School , and Headmaster of Clifton College .
David Kassan received his B.F.A. in 1999 from the College of Visual and Performing Arts at Syracuse University , Syracuse , NY .
Matthew Price was educated at The Haberdashers ' Aske 's Boys ' School , a day independent school in Elstree in Hertfordshire , followed by St Catharine 's College at the University of Cambridge , gaining a First Class degree in Geography .
Richard Marquand was educated at Emanuel School , the University of Aix ( now Aix - Marseille University ) in Aix - en - Provence , France and King 's College , Cambridge .
Dele Young attended George Mason University where he earned a degree in Economics .
At Northwestern University , Larry Brody majored in English and wrote dozens of short stories , poetry and essays .
After receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree from Uppsala University , Rickard Sandler became a teacher at a folk high school in Kramfors ( where his father was headmaster ) and another in Brunnsvik .
Nari Ward received a BA from Hunter College , CUNY in 1991 and a MFA from Brooklyn College , CUNY in 1992 .
Daniel Thürer ( born 6 June 1945 in St. Gallen ) is a Swiss jurist and professor emeritus of international , comparative constitutional and European law at the University of Zurich .
Born in 1961 in Paris , Hugues Absil studied in the École nationale supérieure des Beaux - Arts .
Clements Ripley attended the Taft School and graduated from Yale University in 1916 .
Clement Paman was an early student of the Puritan Sidney Sussex College ( founded 1596 ) at the University of Cambridge , where he obtained a BA in 1632 , an MA in 1635 and later Doctor of Divinity .
Henry Coddington ( 1798/9 , Oldbridge , County Meath -- 3 March 1845 , Rome ) was an English natural philosopher , fellow and tutor of Trinity College , Cambridge and Church of England clergyman .
Liu Mingkang ( Chinese : 刘明康 ) ( born August 28 , 1946 in Fuzhou , Fujian ) graduated from the University of London in 1987 .
Chris Fortier grew up in Melbourne , Florida , moving to Orlando , Florida to attend the University of Central Florida .
Born to Roy and Gladys Mulholland in Neshoba County , Mississippi , Joe H. Mulholland received his bachelor 's degree from Mississippi State University and his law degree from Mississippi College School of Law .
Monica Lee Gradischek , a 1994 graduate of New York University ( NYU ) is an American voice actress in animation , commercials , and video games as well as performing arts .
Radim Palouš ( 6 November 1924 -- 10 September 2015 ) was a Czech dissident , philosopher , educator , and former spokesman for Charter 77 , and from 1990 to 1994 , was the rector of Charles University in Prague .
Ben Askren ( born July 18 , 1984 ) is an American former amateur wrestler for the University of Missouri and U.S. Olympic team .
Uzi Even ( Hebrew : עוזי אבן‎ , born 18 October 1940 ) is an Israeli professor emeritus of physical chemistry at Tel Aviv University and a former politician well known for being the first openly gay member of the Knesset .
Claudia Goldin ( born May 14 , 1946 ) is an American economist and Henry Lee Professor of Economics at Harvard University .
Niina Ning Zhang , born in Hohhot , Inner Mongolia , PR China , obtained her M.A. degree in linguistics from Shanghai International Studies University , Ph.D. degree in linguistics from Shanghai International Studies University and University of Toronto , Canada .
Viv Fisher ( born 1952 ) is an ex - BBC audio engineer and multivocalist who performed all parts of the brass band used in the title sequence of the BBC 's 1985 TV series , Blott on the Landscape .
Charles J. Fillmore ( August 9 , 1929 -- February 13 , 2014 ) was an American linguist and Professor of Linguistics at the University of California , Berkeley .
Janet Adelman ( January 28 , 1941 -- April 6 , 2010 ) was a Shakespearean scholar , a literary critic , and professor of English at the University of California , Berkeley .
Craig Hogan is a Professor of Astronomy and Physics at the University of Chicago and he is the director of the Fermilab Center for Particle Astrophysics .
Horst Oertel ( January 25 , 1871 -- January 9 , 1956 ) M.D. , Emeritus Professor and Head of Pathology at McGill University , Montreal ( 1918 - -1938 ) , he was well - known on both sides of the Atlantic .
Theda Skocpol ( born May 4 , 1947 ) is an American sociologist and political scientist at Harvard University .
In 1935 Kurt Baschwitz was offered a position with the International Institute of Social History and then in the same year he started to lecture on the history of newspapers at the University of Amsterdam .
Bruce W. Warren is a professor of archeology at Brigham Young University .
He is the long - running presenter of the breakfast show on Today FM , self - titled The Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show , which runs from 7 - 9am each weekday .
Walter Gong ( 1922 - -2000 ) was a professor of natural sciences at San Jose State University ( SJSU ) and Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and an educational theorist .
Rudolph Goclenius the Younger ( born Rudolph Göckel ; 22 August 1572 in Wittenberg -- 3 March 1621 in Marburg ) was a German physician and professor of physics , medicine and mathematics at the Philipps University of Marburg .
Ameerah Haq is a Bangladeshi technocrat who served as United Nations Under - Secretary - General for the Department of Field Support , the highest - ranking Bangladeshi official at the United Nations , from April 2012 until her resignation in July 2014 .
Tim Donovan is the political editor for the BBC 's regional news service for London , BBC London News .
Alberto Gainza Paz ( March 16 , 1899 - December 26 , 1977 ) was an Argentine journalist and political activist who served as editor of the newspaper La Prensa .
Robin Burgess is a Professor of Economics , Founder and Director of the International Growth Centre , and Co - Director of the Economic Organisation and Public Policy Programme at the London School of Economics and Political Science .
John Suppe is an American geologist who is Professor of Geology at National Taiwan University and Princeton University .
Stephen F. Jones ( born c. 1952 ) is an American expert on post - Communist societies in the former Soviet Union and Eastern Europe who currently serves as Chair of Russian and Eurasian Studies at Mount Holyoke College , South Hadley , Massachusetts .
David Hackett Fischer ( born December 2 , 1935 ) is University Professor and Earl Warren Professor of History at Brandeis University .
Sally Haslanger is the Ford Professor of Philosophy in the Department of Linguistics and Philosophy at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and holds the 2015 Spinoza Chair of Philosophy at the University of Amsterdam .
P. Dee Boersma is a conservation biologist and professor at the University of Washington , where she is Wadsworth Endowed Chair in Conservation Science .
Zabihollah Safa ( Persian : ذبیح‌اللّه صفا‎‎ ) ( May 7 , 1911 in Shahmirzad , Iran -- April 29 , 1999 in Lübeck , Germany ) was a scholar and professor Emeritus of Iranian Studies at the University of Tehran .
Peter Carmeliet ( Dutch : ( ˈpeːtər ˈkɑrməliːt ) ) is a Belgian physician and professor at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven ( Leuven , Belgium ) .
Kate Fenton ( born 14 October 1954 ) is an English novelist and former BBC radio producer .
Isidro Fabela received his Law degree from the National School of Law at the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( Spanish : Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México ) ( UNAM ) in 1908 .
John Bensko is an award - winning American poet who teaches in the MFA program at the University of Memphis , along with his wife , the fiction writer Cary Holladay .
Elisabeth Camp is an Associate Professor of Philosophy at Rutgers University .
Joseph Mutaboba is the African Union and United Nations Deputy Joint Special Representative in Darfur and Deputy Head of the African Union - United Nations Hybrid Operation ( UNAMID ) .
John K. Castle is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Castle Harlan , Inc. a private merchant bank and Branford Castle , Inc. , which invests in small - to - medium sized private companies for the long term .
Kevin Marsh ( born 14 November 1954 ) is the Editor of the BBC College of Journalism .
Mauno Jokipii ( 21 August 1924 -- 2 January 2007 ) was a Finnish professor at the University of Jyväskylä in history specializing in World War II . He was a thorough investigator and a prolific author .
Karl Taylor Compton ( September 14 , 1887 -- June 22 , 1954 ) was a prominent American physicist and president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) from 1930 to 1948 .
Hjalte Rasmussen ( December 18 , 1940 - August 9 , 2012 ) was Professor of European Union Law at the University of Copenhagen .
Christos Hatzis ( Greek : Χρήστος Χατζής ; born 1953 ) is a Greek Canadian composer currently a professor at the Faculty of Music , University of Toronto .
Born on 16 November 1920 in Brunoy , near Paris , Jean Boulet was first hired in 1947 by the SNCASE , which would become Sud Aviation and then later the Division Hélicoptères of the Société Nationale Industrielle Aérospatiale .
Teófilo Herrera Suárez ( born 24 February 1924 ) is a Mexican mycologist known for his contributions to the Mexican mycological flora and an Emeritus Professor at the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) where he worked for over 50 years .
Heribert Adam ( born 1936 ) is professor emeritus of political sociology at Simon Fraser University , specializing in human rights , comparative racisms , peace studies , Southern Africa , and ethnic conflict .
Renée A. Blake is a Caribbean - American linguistics professor at New York University .
Wolfram Hoepfner ( born 16 March 1937 in Breslau ) is a German classicist , archaeologist , architectural historian , and Professor of Ancient Architectural History , at the Free University of Berlin .
Charles Cadwell , was a professor at the Case School of Applied Science ( now Case Western Reserve University ) , in Cleveland , Ohio .
Olevi Kull ( 22 June 1955 , Rakvere -- 31 January 2007 , Tartu ) was an Estonian professor at the University of Tartu known for his contribution to ecology .
Ole Wæver ( born 17 September 1960 ) is a professor of International Relations at the Department of Political Science , University of Copenhagen .
Alfredo Lopes Cabral ( born 1946 ) is a Guinea - Bissauan diplomat and United Nations official .
Henryk Zieliński ( 22 September 1920 in Szembruczek near Grudziądz - 6 March 1981 in Wrocław ) was a Polish historian and professor at the University of Wrocław .
Maria Quiban ( born October 28 , 1970 ) is a weather anchor for KTTV - TV in Los Angeles , California .
Nathan A. Scott , Jr. ( 24 April 1925 -- December 2006 ) was an American scholar who helped establish the modern field of theology and literature and who helped found the well - known Ph.D. program in that field at the University of Chicago .
Dave Pascal ( 1918 , Manhattan-3 March 2003 , New York ) was an American cartoonist whose work has appeared in The New Yorker and elsewhere .
Anastasios Melis is an American biologist at the University of California , Berkeley who is researching the possibility of creating hydrogen from algae .
Moshe Shapiro ( October 1944 -- 3 December 2013 ) was a chemist and physicist at the University of British Columbia .
Michael Inzlicht is professor of psychology at the University of Toronto recognized in the areas of social psychology and neuroscience .
Damian Tambini is Senior Lecturer at the London School of Economics and an Associate Fellow at the Institute for Public Policy Research ( IPPR ) , and at the Oxford Internet Institute .
Gianfranco Ghirlanda , S.J. ( born 5 July 1942 ) is an Italian Roman Catholic priest and the former rector of the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome .
Leigh Howard Stevens , Method of Movement for Marimba LHS continues to be an active performer and clinician worldwide and has appeared at a dozen Percussive Arts Society International Conventions ( PASIC ) since 1976 , and served as Professor of Marimba at the Royal Academy of Music in London , England from 1997 - 2004 .
Peter Alliss ( born 28 February 1931 ) is a former English professional golfer , and is a BBC television presenter and commentator , author and golf course designer .
Julius Lester ( born January 27 , 1939 ) is an American writer of books for children and adults and an academic who taught for 32 years ( 1971 - -2003 ) at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
Hilary Bok ( born 1959 ) is the Henry R. Luce Professor of Bioethics and Moral & Political Theory at the Johns Hopkins University .
Charles Scribner I ( February 21 , 1821 -- August 26 , 1871 ) was a New Yorker who , with Isaac D. Baker ( 1819 - -1850 ) , founded a publishing company that would eventually become Charles Scribner 's Sons .
Ludwig Otto Blumenthal ( 20 July 1876 -- 12 November 1944 ) was a German mathematician and professor at RWTH Aachen University .
María Rosa Menocal ( 1953 - 2012 ) was a Cuban - born scholar of medieval culture and history and Sterling Professor of Humanities at Yale University .
Markus J. Buehler is an American materials scientist and engineer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Tie the Knot was a chestnut gelding sired by Nassipour ( USA ) from Whisked by Whiskey Road ( USA ) .
Thomas Henty ( 19 January 1956 -- 13 August 1988 ) was an English actor , and the son of the Welsh magician and prop comedian Tommy Cooper .
In 1991 , André Kudelski succeeded his father Stefan Kudelski to the post of President and Chief Executive Officer of Kudelski SA . He has been a member of Kudelski SA 's Board of Directors since 1987 .
Ladislav Rott ( 5 June 1851 -- 27 May 1906 in Prague ) is one of the sons and eight children of Vincenc Josef Rott , founder of the V. J. Rott company in Prague , Malé náměstí ( 1840 ) .
James FitzGerald , 6th Earl of Desmond ( d. 1462 ) , called ' the Usurper ' , was the youngest son of Gerald FitzGerald , 3rd Earl of Desmond , and Lady Eleanor , daughter of James Butler , 2nd Earl of Ormond .
The son of Mario Berlinguer and Maria Loriga , Enrico Berlinguer was born in Sassari on 15 May 1922 to a noble Sardinian family , in a notable cultural context , with family ties and political contacts that would heavily influence his life and career .
Echestratus ( Greek : Ἐχέστρατος ) was a King of ancient Sparta from about 900 to 870 BC . He was a son of king Agis I , and third of the Agiad line of Spartan kings .
Louis Charles Marie de La Trémoille ( 28 March 1863 - -17 June 1921 ) , 10th duc de Thouars , was a French nobleman and the son of Louis Charles de La Trémoille and his wife , Marguerite - Jeanne Tanneguy - Duchâtel .
Prince Hussain Aga Khan ( born April 10 , 1974 ) is the third child and second son of Aga Khan IV and his first wife , Sarah Croker - Poole .
Peroz III ( Middle Persian : 𐭯𐭩𐭫𐭥𐭰 , Persian : پیروز `` the Victor '' ; Chinese : 卑路斯 ; pinyin : Pílùsī ) was son of Yazdegerd III , the last Sasanian king of Persia .
Makfi 's sire is Irish 2,000 Guineas and Prix Jacques Le Marois winner Dubawi .
Princess Frederica Charlotte of Prussia ( Friederike Charlotte Ulrike Katharina ; 7 May 1767 -- 6 August 1820 ) was the only daughter of Frederick William II of Prussia and his first wife and double first cousin Elisabeth Christine of Brunswick - Lüneburg .
Llywelyn ap Merfyn ( died 942 ) was an early 10th - century King of Powys , son of Merfyn ap Rhodri , and grandson of Rhodri the Great .
Raoul Gradis was the son of Moïse Henri Gradis ( 1823 - -1905 ) and Hanna Claire ( Brandame ) Gradis ( 1835 - -1925 ) .
Germain Burton is the son of Mia and Maurice Burton , who was the first black British champion in cycling .
Emil Oskar Nobel ( /noʊˈbɛl/ ; Swedish : ( nʊˈbɛl ) ; also Oscar ; 1843 -- 3 September 1864 ) was a member of the Nobel family , the youngest son of Immanuel Nobel , the younger , and of his wife Caroline Andrietta Ahlsell .
Of the characters in Greek mythology called Phaethon ( /ˈfeɪ.əθən/ ; Ancient Greek : Φαέθων , Phaéthōn , pronounced ( pʰa.étʰɔ͜ɔn ) ) , the best known was the son of the Oceanid Clymene and the solar deity Apollo or Helios .
Ludwig Schnorr von Carolsfeld was born in Munich , a son of the famous painter Julius Schnorr von Carolsfeld .
Admiral Sir Richard Hawkins ( or Hawkyns ) ( c. 1562 -- 17 April 1622 ) was a 17th - century English seaman , explorer and Elizabethan `` Sea Dog '' , and the son of Admiral Sir John Hawkins .
Ariane Mnouchkine is the daughter of Russian film producer Alexandre Mnouchkine and Jane Hannen .
According to Rainer Stadelmann and Michael Haase , Kanefer may have been a son of King Sneferu .
Nicholas Horsley was born to a wealthy business family in Yorkshire , the second of the five children ( three sons , two daughters ) of Susan Howitt and Alec Horsley , the founder of Northern Foods .
Ilya Juan Salkind Dominguez ( born August 27 , 1947 ) , usually known as Ilya Salkind , is a film and television producer , well known for his contributions to the live - action Superman films of the 1970s and ' 80s alongside his father , Alexander Salkind .
NOW Comics was a comic book publisher founded in late 1985 by Tony C. Caputo as a sole - proprietorship .
Iyengar Yoga , named after and developed by B. K. S. Iyengar , is a form of Hatha Yoga that has an emphasis on detail , precision and alignment in the performance of posture ( asana ) and breath control ( pranayama ) .
Alcoholics Anonymous ( AA ) is an international mutual aid fellowship founded in 1935 ( two years after the end of Prohibition in the United States in December 1933 ) by Bill Wilson and Dr. Bob Smith in Akron , Ohio .
Stickman Graphics was originally founded by Kevin Tinsley as a graphic arts production studio servicing the publishing and comic book industries .
Anne Tamar - Mattis is an attorney , human rights advocate , and founder of interACT ( formerly Advocates for Informed Choice ) .
MedChi was founded in January 1799 , in Annapolis by 101 leaders of the medical profession in Maryland , including Dr. Ashton Alexander , its first secretary , treasurer , and last surviving charter member .
The company was founded by Michael Thonet in Vienna by transferring the company `` Thonet '' to his sons under the new name `` Gebrüder Thonet '' in 1853 .
The pending sale of News America Syndicate , which was first reported by Advertising Age in October 1986 , prompted 36-year - old News America Syndicate president Richard S. Newcombe to leave NAS in January 1987 and use financial backing from London - based publisher Robert Maxwell to form Creators Syndicate before the close of the NAS ' sale .
Mythos Games was a British video game developer company founded by Julian Gollop in 1988 as Target Games and best known for its acclaimed 1994 strategy game UFO :
The Knabenchor Hannover ( Hannover Boys Choir ) is a boys choir founded in 1950 by Heinz Hennig and conducted until the end of 2001 .
The Duchy of Milan ( Ducatus Mediolani ) as a state of the Holy Roman Empire was created on 1 May 1395 , when Gian Galeazzo Visconti , lord of Milan , purchased a diploma for 100,000 Florins from King Wenceslaus .
The Belgian director Gérald Frydman founded Scarfilm in 1976 to produce his own films , after remarked ones .
MessageNet systems is located in Carmel , Indiana , United States , and is active in much of the country .
Shift Communications is a marketing firm based in Boston with offices in New York and San Francisco .
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals , Inc. is a biotechnology company headquartered in Tarrytown , New York .
The Formula One Teams Association ( FOTA ) was a group of Formula One teams that formed at a meeting in Maranello on 29 July 2008 .
BusinessObjects had two headquarters in San Jose , California , and Paris , France , but their biggest office was in Vancouver , Canada .
Stephenson Blake is an engineering company based in Sheffield .
The XFX division has its headquarters in Ontario , California and specializes in the manufacturing of video cards , power supplies and motherboards .
The Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. , also referred to as PotashCorp , is a Canadian corporation based in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan .
United Overseas Bank Limited ( commonly known as UOB ; simplified Chinese : 大华银行有限公司 ; traditional Chinese : 大華銀行有限公司 ; pinyin : Dàhuá Yínháng Yǒuxìan Gōngsī ; ) is a Singaporean multinational banking organisation headquartered in Singapore , with branches mostly found in most Southeast Asian countries .
Skyway Luggage Co. is a luggage manufacturer headquartered in Seattle , Washington .
Integrated Micro Solutions ( I.M.S. ) San Jose , California , later iXMicro , a privately held company , was a graphics chipsets and video card manufacturer .
Progress Rail Services Corporation , a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar since 2006 , is a supplier of railroad and transit system products and services headquartered in Albertville , Alabama , United States .
FM Center is a radio network in Venezuela based on Caracas .
Based at Clayton Barracks in Aldershot , the Army Football Association is the County FA affiliated to The Football Association for the administration of football within the British Army in the United Kingdom , Cyprus and Germany .
DCI Group is an American public relations , lobbying and business consulting firm based in Washington , D.C. The company was founded in 1996 as a consulting firm , and has since expanded its practice to become a public affairs company offering a range of services .
Digital Designs was established in 1986 in Southern California , but moved to Oklahoma City in 1991 .
Siemens - Schuckert ( or Siemens - Schuckertwerke ) was a German electrical engineering company headquartered in Berlin , Erlangen and Nuremberg that was incorporated into the Siemens AG in 1966 .
Arryx was founded in the fall of 2000 , based on technology invented at the University of Chicago by Professor David G. Grier and his student Eric Dufresne a couple years earlier .
Pedigree Dolls & Toys , also known as Pedigree Toys , is a toy company located in Exeter , England .
Adastra Minerals Inc ( formerly America Mineral Fields Inc ) , was a London - based mining company with notable operations in central Africa ( Angola , Democratic Republic of Congo , and Zambia ) , particularly in copper , cobalt and zinc exploration .
Pilot Corporation ( or simply Pilot ) is a petroleum corporation in Knoxville , Tennessee , United States .
Sturm , Ruger & Co. , Inc. is an American , Southport , Connecticut -- based firearm manufacturing company , better known by the shortened name Ruger .
John Penn and Sons was an English engineering company based in London , England , mainly known for its marine steam engines .
Dallas Music Industries ( DMI ) acquired Crest Audio in the 1980s and subsequently , Crest Audio was acquired by Peavey Electronics in 1999 , and has since been based in Meridian , Mississippi .
3H Biomedical is a biotechnology company based in Uppsala , Sweden , where it operates out of Uppsala Science Park .
Postmedia Network Canada Corporation ( TSX : PNC.A , PNC.B ) is a Canadian media company headquartered in Toronto , Ontario , consisting of the publishing properties of the former Canwest , with primary operations in newspaper publishing , news gathering and Internet operations .
Gottschalks was founded by German Jewish immigrant Emil Gottschalk in 1904 as a dry goods store in downtown Fresno , California .
Wedbush Securities was founded in 1955 and is headquartered at 1000 Wilshire Boulevard , Los Angeles , California .
CAMI Automotive , originally known as Canadian Automotive Manufacturing Inc. , was an independently incorporated joint venture of automobile manufacturing in Ingersoll , Ontario , Canada and formed the third step of GM 's three - pronged initiative of the mid-1980s to capture and practice the Japanese mystique of automotive management .
Staple Design is a visual communications agency based in New York City and founded in 1997 .
Webcor Builders is a commercial construction contractor with headquarters in San Francisco , California .
S&S - Sansei Technologies is based in Logan , Utah .
Europcar was founded in 1949 in Paris by Raoul - Louis Mattei under the name of `` The Automobile Subscription '' .
Tanglewood Guitars was founded in London in 1988 and later moved to Biggin Hill , Kent , and opened additional warehouse space in Wetherby , Yorkshire .
Koestlin is a Croatian food company based in Bjelovar , specializing in confectionery products .
Strom Products Ltd. was an American food manufacturer in Bannockburn , Illinois best known for its `` No Yolks '' brand of cholesterol - free noodles made without egg yolks .
At Sigatoka in the Fijian Islands , Pacific Green set up the world 's first factory dedicated to the research and development of coconut palms .
Founded in Rome on 9 November 1921 , the National Fascist Party marked the transformation of the paramilitary Fasci Italiani di Combattimento into a more coherent political group ( the Fasci di Combattimento had been founded by Mussolini in Milan 's Piazza San Sepolcro , on 23 March 1919 ) .
Sodexo ( formerly Sodexho Alliance ) is a French food services and facilities management multinational corporation headquartered in the Paris suburb of Issy - les - Moulineaux , France .
ChildFund International , formerly known as Christian Children 's Fund , is a child development organization based in Richmond , Virginia , United States .
Dixon Drums is a drum and drum hardware manufacturer based in Taipei , Taiwan , founded in 1979 .
IHH Healthcare Berhad is a Malaysian private health company , headquartered in Kuala Lumpur , and Southeast Asia 's largest private health company .
Debitsuccess is a global direct debit billing service business with offices in Melbourne , Sydney , Brisbane , and Perth , Australia and also in Auckland , New Zealand .
Dawn Equipment Company is an U.S .- American corporation founded in 1992 , and based in Sycamore , Illinois , where the company 's factory and administrative center is .
One Hen , Inc. is a 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit organization located in Needham , Massachusetts .
Innis & Gunn is a brewing company based in Edinburgh , Scotland .
DB Netz 's headquarters are in Frankfurt and it has seven regional divisions ( `` Regionalbereiche '' , RB ) .
Biocrates Life Sciences AG is an Austrian company , based in Innsbruck .
The Indiana University Dance Marathon , commonly known as IU Dance Marathon or IUDM , is a 36-hour Dance Marathon that takes place every November at Indiana University in Bloomington , Indiana , United States with the purpose of raising both funding and awareness for pediatric care .
Cooplands ( Coopland & Son ( Scarborough ) Ltd ) is a bakery chain with over 100 outlets located across Yorkshire , Durham and Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom .
Qoros Auto Co. , Ltd. is a Chinese automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Shanghai , China .
FL Technics is a Lithuanian aircraft maintenance , repair and overhaul company based in Vilnius .
He then came back to Montreal and founded Busbud with longtime friends , Michael Gradek ( CTO and Microsoft Bing veteran ) and Frederic Thouin ( CAO ) .
Privatbrauerei Hofmühl is the sole brewery located in Eichstätt , Germany .
The Underwood Typewriter Company was a manufacturer of typewriters headquartered in New York City , New York .
SRAM Corporation is a privately held bicycle component manufacturer based in Chicago , Illinois , USA , founded in 1987 .
ECCO Sko A / S is a Danish shoe manufacturer and retailer founded in 1963 by Karl Toosbuy , in Bredebro , Denmark .
The headquarters of Ensto is in Porvoo , Finland where the company was founded .
PSTech ( Power Symbol Technology ) is a Serbian software outsourcing and development company with headquarters in Belgrade , Serbia .
UGE International ( formerly Urban Green Energy ) is a worldwide distributed renewable energy company , founded in 2008 , with headquarters in New York City .
Cooper Research Technology Limited ( also known as Cooper Technology ) is a British manufacturer of high - performance testing equipment for asphaltic and unbound materials based in Ripley , Derbyshire , England .
Bite Yer Legs is a Media Production Company established in London in 2001 by Keith Bunker and Isobel Williams .
United Cigar Stores Limited was a Canadian chain of cigar stores based in Toronto which at one point had operations across the country .
The Audibert & Lavirotte was a French automobile , manufactured in Lyon from 1894 to 1901 .
Navis Logistics Network ( NLN ) is the former parent company of Navis Pack & Ship , based in Denver , Colorado .
MicroLink was a leading Baltic IT company , founded by Rainer Nõlvak and Hanno Haamer in August 1991 in Tallinn , Estonia .
13 Flames Empire is an independent comic book publisher based in Victoria , British Columbia founded by Ira Hunter and Robin Thompson in 1999 .
The E.SUN Commercial Bank , Ltd. ( Commonly known as E.SUN Bank ( ESB , simplified Chinese : 玉山商业银行 ; traditional Chinese : 玉山商業銀行 ) is a bank headquartered in Taipei , Taiwan .
Meijer , Inc. ( /ˈmaɪ.ər/ ) is a regional American big - box store chain with its corporate headquarters in Walker , Michigan , in the Grand Rapids metropolitan area ; the facility has a Grand Rapids , Michigan address .
Its head office is in the Distrito Telefónica in Madrid .
Continental Airport Express is a private shuttle van and bus service operating between Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport , Chicago 's Loop and various Chicago city and suburban hotels .
The Biofuels Center of North Carolina is a private , nonprofit corporate facility located on a 426-acre ( 1.72 km2 ) Biofuels Campus in Oxford , North Carolina .
MTS Systems Corporation ( MTS ) , incorporated in 1967 , is a global supplier of test systems and industrial position sensors located in Eden Prairie , Minnesota , a southwest suburb of Minneapolis .
He touted ARC Energy in his speech at Nashua North High School later that same day , `` That is why jobs will be our number one focus in 2010 .
Eurex Exchange is an international derivatives exchange that is headquartered in Eschborn , Germany , near Frankfurt am Main .
Carlsberg Srbija ( full legal name : Carlsberg Srbija d.o.o . Čelarevo ) is a Serbian beer brewery , based in Bačka Palanka , Serbia .
The Forestry and Agricultural Biotechnology Institute ( FABI ) ( Pretoria ) was established in 1997 and is located on the University of Pretoria campus .
Liceo Mercedes Urzúa Díaz ( English : Mercedes Urzúa Díaz High School ) is a Chilean primary and secondary school ( up to Segundo medio ) located in Paredones , Cardenal Caro Province , Chile .
Line and Space is an architectural design firm founded in 1978 , by Les Wallach , FAIA , and headquartered in Tucson , Arizona .
Emergent BioSolutions is a multinational specialty biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Gaithersburg , Maryland .
Alberta Theatre Projects ( `` ATP '' ) is a Canadian theatre production company , founded in 1972 by Lucille Wagner and Douglas Riske , based out of the Martha Cohen Theatre in Calgary , Alberta .
ROMA Design Group is an interdisciplinary firm of architects , landscape architects , and urban planners based in San Francisco , California , USA .
Bellville Sassoon is a high end British fashion salon originally based on Pavilion Road , Knightsbridge , London , now located at 18 Culford Gardens in Chelsea .
In 1951 , Philip and Pamela Joseph founded the very first Exclusive Books as a second - hand bookshop in King George Street , Johannesburg .
Krimmley Contracting Company , KCC ( Arabic : شركة قرملي للمقاولات ) is a Saudi Arabia - based construction company established in 1961 ; it was the first company to operate asphalt and crusher plants in the Assir Region , accelerating growth by constructing roads to remote towns and villages .
WizKids / NECA , LLC is an American company based in New Jersey that first made its mark in the game industry producing collectible miniatures wargames .
Azure Dynamics Corporation is incorporated under the laws of Alberta , Canada having been spun out of BC Research Inc. Azure now is headquartered in Oak Park , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit .
New World Systems is a public sector software company based in Troy , Michigan .
McKee Foods Corporation is a privately held United States snack food and granola manufacturer headquartered in Collegedale , Tennessee .
Krisp Clothing is a British ladies ' fashion clothing retailer based principally in London and the South of England .
Flad Architects is a national architectural firm with offices in Madison , Wisconsin ;
Metalogix Software is an independent software vendor , founded in 2001 in Vancouver , British Columbia and headquartered in Washington , D.C. Metalogix develops , sells and provides support for content infrastructure software for Microsoft SharePoint , Microsoft Exchange and Cloud computing platforms .
Glacier Bancorp , Inc , known primarily for its eponymous Glacier Bank , is a Kalispell , Montana based bank holding company .
United Coal Company ( UCC ) , a nonunion coal mining company headquartered in Blountville , Tennessee , is a producer of high grade metallurgical coals .
47 Street is an Argentine fashion company , founded in 1986 in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
NorthPoint Energy Solutions Inc. , located in Regina , Saskatchewan is a wholly owned subsidiary of SaskPower and is SaskPower 's wholesale energy marketing agent .
In 1934 , Pobjoy Airmotors moved its plant to Rochester , Kent , to be closer to its largest customer , Shorts .
The startup company based in San Jose , California was strategically acquired by Bandai Namco Holdings and renamed as Namco Networks to serve as its mobile games division .
GGV Capital , which was founded as Granite Global Ventures in 2000 , is based in Menlo Park and Shanghai .
Headquartered in Moscow , sells its products in Russia and overseas , and is formally known as Open Joint Stock Company Mechel .
Aequitas Neo is a stock exchange in Canada and based at 155 University Avenue in Toronto .
The Brunswick State Railway Company ( Braunschweigische Landes - Eisenbahn - Gesellschaft ) or BLE was a railway company in the Duchy of Brunswick , a former German state centred on the city of Brunswick ( German : Braunschweig ) .
The Kroger Company is an American retailer founded by Bernard Kroger in 1883 in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Anixter International is a company based in Glenview , Illinois , USA and founded in 1957 .
Pajar is Montreal - based fashion footwear retailer .
The Bel Group is headquartered at 2 allée de Longchamp in Suresnes ( Paris ) ) .
The AristoMedia Group is a Nashville - based , independent entertainment marketing / media / promotion firm representing country music artists and industry clients .
Norris - Whitney Communications Inc. is , primarily , a publishing company established in 1979 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Cooliris , Inc. was a US corporation headquartered in San Francisco , CA , that developed photo viewing products on mobile , web , and desktop platforms .
Cybatar is a tech startup company headquartered in Pretoria , Gauteng , South Africa .
AMRI Hospitals is a private hospital chain which is headquartered at the city of Kolkata , West Bengal , India and it is owned by the Emami & Shrachi group .
Zen Internet is an Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) based in Rochdale in Greater Manchester , England .
Marchione Guitars of Houston , Texas , is a manufacturer of stringed instruments , such as acoustic and electric guitars , fretless bass guitars , and violins .
Meritor , Inc. ( NYSE : MTOR ) is an American corporation headquartered in Troy , Michigan , which manufactures automobile components for military suppliers , trucks , and trailers .
Marine Credit Union is a member - owned financial cooperative headquartered in La Crosse , Wisconsin , that serves more than 58,000 members across Wisconsin , Iowa and Minnesota .
BankUnited is a savings and loan association based in Miami Lakes , Florida .
GCM Resources plc ( AIM : GCM ) , formerly Asia Energy and Global Coal Management , is a mining company quoted in the London Alternative Investment Market .
Fundación Ciudadano Inteligente ( Smart Citizen Foundation)is a non - profit organization based in Santiago , Chile . The organization creates web technologies as a key tool for gathering , organizing , illustrating and sharing information through the web , working to promote informed citizen actions and government accountability .
Tubi Style systems are performance exhausts manufactured in Maranello , Italy .
Michigan Sugar Company is an agricultural cooperative , based in Bay City , Michigan , that specializes in the processing of beet sugar .
Mirago Ltd , based in Alton , Hampshire , is a European provider of search and media related software .
Glavkino complex is located in the Krasnogorsk municipal district of Moscow region .
Micro Instrumentation and Telemetry Systems ( MITS ) was an American electronics company founded in Albuquerque , New Mexico that began manufacturing electronic calculators in 1971 and personal computers in 1975 .
Big Sky Brewing Company is a brewery located in Missoula , Montana .
Scarlet Blade Theatre is a theatre company based in London , England , specialising in acting , advanced stage combat , physical theatre and other performance skills including horse riding and martial arts .
Gammon Construction Limited ( Chinese : 金門建築有限公司 ) is a leading construction and engineering contractor headquartered in Victoria , Hong Kong .
Founded in 2007 by Aleece Germano , The S.W.A.P. Team is based in Montreal , where it regularly holds events with the cheeky name `` Take Off Your Clothes '' .
SOHO China focuses on developing properties in the central business districts of Beijing and Shanghai .
Mendelssohn & Co. was a private bank residing in Berlin , Germany .
National Securities Depository Limited ( NSDL ) is an Indian central securities depository based in Mumbai .
Richer Sounds formally began trading in 1978 , when , aged 19 , Richer opened his first shop near London Bridge , with the help of Vic Odden , the photography retailer .
Good Radio Networks LLC ( more known as GoodRadio . TV ) is a West Palm Beach , Florida based radio ownership group headed by former Pax president Dean Goodman .
T - Mobile in the United Kingdom charges its customers exclusive of their minutes allowance for calls to United Kingdom Lycamobile / GT Mobile numbers , despite Lycamobile UK being headquartered in London , and using United Kingdom `` 07''-prefixed numbers issued by Ofcom , in the UK .
The Cox - Klemin Aircraft Corporation was an aircraft manufacturer on Long Island from 1921 to 1925 .
In 2009 , when Doonya was invited to perform on the Oprah Winfrey Show , Priya launched Doonya in New York City and the company developed its signature workout program , a 55 minute high - intensity cardio and conditioning class .
Trust Merchant Bank or TMB , is an independent commercial bank based in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) , with its headquarters located in Lubumbashi .
Lufax ( Chinese : 陆金所 ; pinyin : Lùjīnsuŏ ) , full name Shanghai Lujiazui International Financial Asset Exchange Co. , Ltd. , is an online Internet finance marketplace in China headquartered in Lujiazui , Shanghai .
Kabir Kala Manch ( Hindi : कबीर कला मञ्च ) is a cultural organization that was formed in Pune , Maharashtra in 2002 in the wake of the Gujarat riots .
Living Media ( India Today Group ) is an Indian media conglomerate based in New Delhi , India .
Expro ( officially Expro International Group ) is an international oil and gas service company , specializing in well flow management , headquartered in Reading , United Kingdom .
VEF , Latvian acronym for Valsts elektrotehniskā fabrika ( State Electrotechnical Factory ) , is a manufacturer of electrical and electronic products in Riga , Latvia .
Napoleon I on his Imperial Throne is an 1806 portrait of Napoleon I of France in his coronation costume , painted by the French painter Ingres .
October Tide is a death / doom metal side project that was created in 1995 by Katatonia vocalist Jonas Renkse and then - Katatonia guitarist Fred Norrman .
Hudsons Coffee was founded in December 1998 by long - time friends , Ros Turner and Mark Hawthorne , when they established their first outlet in Elizabeth Street , Melbourne .
Young Men Society were formed in 2009 at a hip hop dance class .
The November Coalition is a non - profit grassroots organization , founded in 1997 , which fights against the War on Drugs and for the rights of the prisoners incarcerated as the effect of that war .
Turbo Tape Games , started in 2008 , is an independent game developer in western Norway .
Because this division of their occupation zone into relatively large states also met the interests of the British , on 8 November 1946 Regulation No . 55 of the British military government was issued , by which the State of Lower Saxony with its capital Hanover were founded , backdated to 1 November 1946 .
Canal Nou Dos ( Valencian pronunciation : ( kaˈnaɫ ˈnɔw ˈðos ) ) is the second channel launched by Ràdio Televisió Valenciana on 9 October 1997 .
From 1999 to 2001 , NBA League Pass had a companion service called WNBA Season Pass which showed out - of - market games of the Women 's National Basketball Association .
The Association of Reproductive Health Professionals ( ARHP ) is a non - profit organization founded in 1963 by Alan Frank Guttmacher .
The Elizabeth Longford Prize for Historical Biography was established in 2003 in memory of Elizabeth Longford ( 1906 - 2002 ) , the British author , biographer and historian .
Hummer was a brand of trucks and SUVs , first marketed in 1992 when AM General began selling a civilian version of the M998 Humvee .
The Erna and Victor Hasselblad Foundation , established in 1979 , is a fully independent , not - for - profit foundation based at Götaplatsen in Gothenburg , Sweden .
The Jim Thorpe Award , named in memory of multi - sport legend Jim Thorpe , has been awarded to the top defensive back in college football since 1986 .
Greenkeepers is an international , non - profit , and non - governmental service organization founded in 2009 .
Citizen Fish is a ska punk band that has been together since 1990 .
British Aerial Transport Company Limited ( BAT ) was a British aircraft manufacturer from its formation in 1917 to its closure in 1919 .
Squirtgun is an American punk rock band from Lafayette , Indiana formed by record producer Mass Giorgini in 1993 .
Opera Vista was a nonprofit chamber opera company in Houston , Texas , founded in 2006 by conductor and artistic director Viswa Subbaraman .
Fondo del Sol Visual Arts Center , founded in 1973 , is a non - profit visual arts center in Washington , D.C. It is the second oldest Latino multicultural museum in the United States .
WSM Music Group Ltd.(WSM ) is an entertainment company in Hong Kong founded in 1992 .
Heart of Brooklyn ( HOB ) , A Cultural Partnership , was founded as a non - profit organization in 2001 by six cultural institutions located near Grand Army Plaza in central Brooklyn :
Unter Null - Your Nightmare ( Everything Goes Cold Mix ) - Sick Fuck 2005 - Alfa Matrix Ayria - My Device ( Everything Goes Cold Mix ) - Flicker ( 2CD ) 2005 - Alfa Matrix Terrorfakt - Skullfucker ( Everything Goes Cold Remix ) - Reworks2 :
Atala T ( Founded in 2002 as Everway Inc ) is a web portal and internet service provider .
Brindabella Airlines was an Australian regional airline established in 1994 .
SK C&C is a South Korean total IT services provider that was established in 1991 .
Sleepthief 's first album , The Dawnseeker , was released in 2006 .
Ezra Furman and the Harpoons were a four - piece rock band active between 2006 - 2011 .
FOSDEM was started in 2001 under the name OSDEM ( Open Source Developers of Europe Meeting ) by Raphael Bauduin .
Help She Ca n't Swim was an English indie / art rock band , formed in Southampton in 2003 .
Paul Durham disbanded this band in 1995 , signed to Geffen Records in 1996 after attracting attention from a number of labels , and hired bassist Geoff Stanfield , guitarist Michael Belfer and drummer Bryan Head to form Black Lab . The name is an amalgamation of two of the band 's influences , Black Sabbath and Stereolab .
The Stockholm Music Museum was founded in 1899 ( then named ' ' Musikhistoriska museet '' ) , inspired by an exhibition of theatre and music which was part of the great Stockholm art and industry exhibition of 1897 .
Infinite System started playing in March 2004 under the name , `` Something Wicked , '' in a basement in Mt.
The Bell Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a private high school in Southern India , founded in 1992 .
When Schleswig - Holstein became a province of Prussia in 1867 , the district of Steinburg was established .
Vivarium Inc. is a Japanese video game developer founded in 1996 by company president Yoot Saito .
The Black Sea Naval Force ( BLACKSEAFOR ) , was created in early 2001 on initiative of Turkey , with the participation of all other Black Sea littoral states , namely Bulgaria , Romania , Ukraine , Russia and Georgia .
`` The Pitch Pipe , '' Sweet Adelines International , 2000 - -2009 `` The Sound Source , '' Pride of Baltimore Chorus , 1993 - -2009
Dzūkija National Park - a national park in Dzūkija , Lithuania , was established in 1991 in order to preserve the pine forests , the landscape , and the villages of the region .
ToeJam & Earl Productions , Inc. ( 1989 - -2003 ) was an American video game company founded by Electronic Arts developers Mark Voorsanger and Greg Johnson .
Five years later , in 1982 , Republic Bank & Trust Company was founded and headquartered in Louisville , Kentucky .
Habo Wolley is a volleyball club in Habo in Sweden , established in 1987 .
Arrowhead Game Studios AB is an independent Swedish video game developer , established in 2008 by a group of Luleå University of Technology students .
The Eloyi Christian Church is a church that originated in a small village in Botswana in 1955 , and has since spread across Botswana and into neighboring countries .
The Baltijos Garsas Festival of Contemporary Arts began as a rock festival in a village near Kernavė , Lithuania in 2006 .
On 12 October 1997 , as part of the development of the video game Gothic , the Piranha Bytes Software GmbH was founded by Alex Brueggemann , Michael Hoge , Stefan Nyul and Tom Putzki .
The Geneva School is a Christian classical , private , coeducational day school , founded in 1993 .
1984 - Qiagen is established on November 29 by a team of scientists at the Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf .
The International Workingmen 's Association ( IWA , 1864 - -1876 ) , often called the First International , was an international organization which aimed at uniting a variety of different left - wing socialist , communist and anarchist political groups and trade union organizations that were based on the working class and class struggle .
Konstantin Velichkov Metro Station ( Bulgarian : Метростанция `` Константин Величков `` ) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria . It started operation on January 28 , 1998 .
Indonesia declared the accession of Timor - Leste on 17 July 1976 as 27th province and changed its official name to Timor Timur , the Indonesian translation of `` East Timor '' .
Taganrog Museum of Art ( Russian : Таганрогский художественный музей ) was officially inaugurated in 1968 , but the basis of the museum collection was formed by the end of 19th century when the art department of the Taganrog 's city museum was established .
Padre Conceicao College of Engineering ( PCCE ) is a private engineering college in Verna , Goa , India , established in 1997 .
The Australian Mathematical Society ( AustMS ) was founded in 1956 and is the national society of the mathematics profession in Australia .
In 2013 it leased several civil aircraft from Nordwind Airlines and started flying charter flights for Russian tour operator Pegas Touristik and subsequently changed its name from Ikar to Pegas Fly .
Mainor Business School ( Estonian : Eesti Ettevõtluskõrgkool Mainor ) is a private university in Estonia , established in 1992 .
Starflyer 59 is an alternative rock band from Riverside , California that was founded in 1993 by Jason Martin , brother of Ronnie Martin of Joy Electric .
The Canadian Peace Congress is an anti - imperialist group founded in 1949 by Canadian minister James Gareth Endicott in response to the new dangers to peace posed because of the Cold War .
The team originated in 1908 as a semi - pro team named the Akron Indians , but later became Akron Pros in 1920 as the team set out to become a charter member of the American Professional Football Association .
Add N to ( X ) were an English electronic music band formed in London in 1994 .
This the order of battle of the known units that operated within the Estonian Iraqi Contingent between 2003 and 2008 :
Founded in 1996 as a producer of web content , March Entertainment 's Chilly Beach Flash animation series would be broadcast on CBC Television starting in 2003 .
The Prentice School , founded in 1986 , is an independent , nonprofit , coeducational day school for children with language - based learning differences , serving students in kindergarten through 8th grade .
S.A.S. HPI Groupe is a French company established in 1993 which engages in radio publishing and is based in Courcouronnes , France .
The European Mahjong Association ( EMA ) was established at the general assembly during the first European Championship in Netherlands , June 2005 .
Valentim de Carvalho ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( vɐlẽˈtĩ dɨ kɐɾˈvaʎu ) ) is a Portuguese record label founded in 1914 .
The United States Information Agency ( USIA ) , which existed from 1953 to 1999 , was a United States agency devoted to public diplomacy .
Edelaraudtee ( Southwestern railway ) is an Estonian railway operator founded in 1997 .
Founded in March 1997 , Giad Auto is a joint venture of the SMT Engineering Co. , Ltd. arms companies with the state Military Industry Corporation and operates as a holding company for seven subsidiaries .
Holman Bible Outreach International is a new Bible society established by the trustees of LifeWay Christian Resources on September 11 , 2001 .
The first vehicle in the Lexus F marque lineup , the Lexus IS F , was announced in 2006 , followed by an F marque coupe concept , the Lexus LF - A , in 2007 , and the production LFA supercar in 2009 .
In 2008 , Bolloré Africa Logistics was established to consolidate the Bolloré Group infrastructure and logistic activities across the African continent .
The Sheffield Development Corporation ( SDC ) was created in 1988 to oversee the urban regeneration of the Lower Don Valley area of Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England .
Adelaide Zoo first opened on 23 May 1883 , occupying 6.5 hectares ( 16 acres ) ( now 8 hectares ( 20 acres ) ) of land granted by the Government .
Environmental Performance Vehicles ( EPV ) , previously DesignLine Corporation , is a manufacturer of coach , electric and range - extended electric ( hybrid ) buses founded in Ashburton , New Zealand in 1985 .
Tassili Airlines was established in 1998 as a joint venture between Air Algérie ( 49 % ) and the Sonatrach company ( 51 % ) .
Alliance for Open Society International , Inc. ( AOSI ) is a U.S. public charity organized in 2003 under the laws of the State of Delaware .
On September 22 , 1997 , Mogadishu University ( MU ) opened its doors as a non - governmental , non - profit institution for higher learning , governed by a Board of Trustees and a University Council .
Yayasan Cipta Cara Padu ( YCCP ) was established in 2008 to sustain donor assisted programs implemented by Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Center for Communication Programs in Indonesia in the past 15 years .
She'z ( Hangul : 쉬즈 ) is a South Korean girl group formed by Line Entertainment in 2012 .
Plumtree Software is a former software company founded in 1996 by product managers and engineers from Oracle and Informix with funding from Sequoia Capital .
Opera Tampa debuted in 1996 with its first production , Madama Butterfly .
Volcom was founded in 1991 by Richard `` Wooly '' Woolcott and Tucker `` T - Dawg '' Hall , who based the ethos of the company on their own experiences with boardsports .
Genod Droog ( loosely means Bad Girls ) were a hip hop , indie , pop band from Wales , which was formed in 2005 by Carwyn Jones , Gethin Evans , Dylan Roberts , Aneirin Karadog and Ed Holden , and split up on 16 November 2008 .
Stop Climate Chaos is a climate change coalition of primarily environmental and international development NGOs that was formed in September 2005 .
After its formation in 2004 as a solo project of vocalist / guitarist Pat Moon , Shotty eventually settled on three long - term members , with Miles Frank and Duffey Westlake rounding out the band 's lineup .
Chante France is a radio station created in 1994 owned by Groupe HPI , based at Paris ( France ) , and dedicated to French Chansons .
Faucet Inn are a British pub company , formed in 2001 , with about 20 pubs , mostly in London .
The Witherspoon Institute was founded in 2003 by , among others , Princeton University professor and noted conservative Robert P. George , Luis Tellez , and others involved with the James Madison Program in American Ideals and Institutions .
Western Heritage Furniture is an American manufacturer of custom furniture , founded by master craftsman Tim McClellan in 1991 .
Little Mix are a British girl group formed in 2011 , consisting of members Jade Thirlwall , Perrie Edwards , Leigh - Anne Pinnock , and Jesy Nelson .
In 2003 , Yum ! launched WingStreet as a hybrid combo unit with an existing Pizza Hut franchise .
The U.S. Women 's Chamber of Commerce was founded in 2001 to increase economic growth opportunities for women .
The Knights of Pythias is a fraternal organization and secret society founded in Washington , DC , on 19 February 1864 .
Ebuyer was founded in November 1999 in Sheffield by Paul Cusack , Mike Naylor , Steve Kay , Neeraj Patel , and Adam Ashmore -- with startup capital of £ 250,000 from Paul Cusack , its annual turnover was in excess of £ 220 million by September 2005 .
Grand Bay National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1992 under the Emergency Wetlands Resources Act of 1986 to protect one of the largest expanses of undisturbed pine savanna habitats in the Gulf Coastal Plain region .
As business began to arrive , Callaway formed Callaway Cars , Inc in 1977 .
2007 The acquisition of three European production sites ( Germany , Ireland , Italy ) from the Japanese pharmaceutical company Astellas on January 1 led to the formation of the Temmler Group , considerably extending production capacities and technological possibilities .
Companhia das Letras is a Brazilian publisher founded in 1986 with headquarters in São Paulo .
The first was formed on July 11 , 1954 After 1956 , it was known as the Citizens ' Councils of America .
A sister restaurant , Veselka Bowery , on East 1st Street and Bowery , opened in November 2011 .
Framus is a German string instrument manufacturing company , that existed from 1946 until going bankrupt in 1975 .
The Arab Film Festival was founded in the Bay Area in 1996 aiming to counter common stereotypes of Arabs shown in the media and provide opportunities for a new generation of Arab filmmakers to showcase their work .
WCRN signed on December 5 , 1994 , carrying religious programming from the Carter Radio Network , based out of then - sister station WROL in Boston .
The James A. Michener Art Museum is a private , non - profit museum in Doylestown , Bucks County , Pennsylvania founded in 1988 and named for the Pulitzer Prize -- winning writer James A. Michener , a Doylestown resident .
La Luz de Jesus Gallery was established in 1986 in Los Angeles , California by entrepreneur and art collector Billy Shire .
Poet in the City has a thriving volunteer community and also works regularly with young people through education and employability schemes In April 2011 , Poet in the City was offered National Portfolio Funding by Arts Council England , meaning that it will receive regular funding for a period of four years from 2012 .
The Comité International de Roller In - Line Hockey ( CIRILH ; English : International Committee of Roller Inline Hockey ) was founded in 1994 as the international committee of the sport of inline hockey under the Fédération Internationale de Roller Sports ( FIRS ) umbrella .
Societas Rosicruciana in Anglia ( Rosicrucian Society of England ) was a Masonic esoteric Christian order formed by Robert Wentworth Little in 1865 , although some sources acknowledge the date to be 1866 - 67 .
The Polish National Ballet is a ballet company founded by the Polish government in 2009 .
On 21 June 1998 , the Tung Chung Line was officially opened by Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa , and service commenced the next day .
Fivay High School is located in Pasco County , Florida on State Road 52 and opened in 2010 .
Sholokhov Moscow State University for Humanities or Moscow State University for Humanities named after M.A. Sholokhov ( Russian : Московский государственный гуманитарный университет имени М.А. Шолохова ) was founded in 1951 as Moscow Pedagogical Institute for Correspondence Studies ( Russian : Московский заочный педагогический институт ) .
The Asian Women Giving Circle ( AWGC ) is a philanthropic organization founded in 2005 and led by Asian women .
Cea Serin is a progressive metal and mercurial metal band that was formed in 1997 by bassist / singer / keyboardist J. Lamm .
The Big Five Marathon appeared for the first time in 2005 , and has been held annually since then .
The University for Development Studies , Tamale was established in 1992 as a multi - campus institution .
Arab Tunisian Bank ( ATB ) ( Arabic : البنك العربي لتونس‎ ) , a Tunisian commercial bank , was created on June 30 , 1982 by the integration of a branch of the Arab Bank Tunis with Tunisian individuals .
Lebowski Fest is an annual festival that began in 2002 in Louisville , Kentucky , celebrating the 1998 cult film The Big Lebowski by Joel Coen and Ethan Coen .
White Hen Pantry was founded by Jewel Tea Company as Kwik Shoppe and began franchising in July , 1965 , borrowing the idea from Texas - based 7 - 11 stores which were the first convenience stores .
Nuffic was founded on 11 January 1952 by the president curators of the then Dutch universities .
Founded in 2005 , Mozy was originally created by Berkeley Data Systems of American Fork , Utah .
The British Thoracic Society ( BTS ) was formed in 1982 by the amalgamation of the British Thoracic Association and the Thoracic Society .
Table Mountain National Park , previously known as the Cape Peninsula National Park , is a national park in Cape Town , South Africa , proclaimed on 29 May 1998 , for the purpose of protecting the natural environment of the Table Mountain Chain , and in particular the rare fynbos vegetation .
De Bazelaire was a French car maker founded in 1907 by Fernand de Bazelaire .
Microchip Technology became an independent company in 1989 when it was acquired by a group of venture capitalists , and went public in 1993 .
Waitakere City is a former territorial authority district in the west of Auckland , New Zealand , which was governed by the Waitakere City Council from 1989 to 2010 .
Beloretsk Iron Factory was built in 1762 - 1767 by merchants I. B. Tverdyshev and I. S. Myasnikov , who bought 170,041 desiatinas of land from Bashkirs of Belokatayskaya Volost .
Firstsite is a contemporary art gallery in Colchester , Essex , which opened in 2011 .
AppleTree is a Colombian rock band formed in Bogotá in 2012 , consisting of Camilo Andrés Cárdenas ( lead vocals , guitar ) , Alex González ( Bass ) and Cristian Galeano ( Drums ) .
Hungry Young Poets ( aka HYP ) was a band founded in the Philippines in 1997 .
Curicó Unido was founded on 26 February 1973 , with Edmundo Rojas as the first President of the club .
Originally established as `` Toronto Bandurist Capella '' in 2001 , the ensemble has been performing under the name `` Canadian Bandurist Capella '' from 2004 .
Formed in 2004 , Dead Loretta got its start when songwriters Danny Boles and Marky Degz decided to expand their acoustic duo project `` Bruce Lee 's Grave '' into a four piece rock band .
In 1584 , Yaransk was founded as a Russian fortress on the Yaran River where the old Mari fortress once stood to defend against the Mari .
The Paul P. Vouras Medal is an award established in 1988 and given by the American Geographical Society for `` outstanding work in regional geography . ''
Founded in 1989 , TXT e - solutions has been listed since July 2000 on Borsa Italiana--
Underwood International College ( UIC ) was founded in 2006 as a constituent college of Yonsei University , based in Seoul and Incheon , South Korea .
Skyscraper Brewing Company is a brewery established in 2007 in Los Angeles County in the City of Industry , California , USA , Skyscraper packaged beers are distributed in the San Diego to Paso Robles area , and draught beers in the Los Angeles area .
The first Gnomedex took place in October 2001 in Des Moines , Iowa , while the tenth Gnomedex took place in August 2010 in Seattle , Washington .
Opened for public in 1994 , by the name Hjortenes verden ( World of deer ) , later changed to Skandinavisk Dyrepark ( Scandinavian Wildlife Park ) .
In 1759 , a post station of Tyukalinsky Stanets ( Тюкалинский станец ) existed on the Tyukala River in place of modern Tyukalinsk .
The Oblates of St. Joseph is a Catholic religious institute founded in 1878 by St. Joseph Marello .
Zyvex was a molecular nanotechnology company , founded by James R. Von Ehr II in 1997 .
It was formed by the merger of Medtech Products , Inc. , Prestige Brands International , and The Spic and Span Company in 1996 .
Opera Gallery is a network of 11 contemporary art galleries worldwide that were first opened in 1994 by Gilles Dyan .
Kelda Group , originally known as Yorkshire Water plc , was one of the regional water companies privatised in 1989 .
Oathean is a South Korean black metal band that formed in 1993 originally under the name Odin , for the Norse / Scandinavian god .
The Movement in Support of the Army ( Russian : Движение в поддержку армии , DPA ) is a Russian communist and radical nationalist political movement established in 1997 .
Ghostmeat Records was established in South Carolina in 1994 before moving to Georgia in 1995 .
ArtHouse Live is a Maryland theater company based in Easton , Maryland which was formed in January 2006 .
Founded in 1987 and currently headed by Rabbi Simcha Scholar , Chai Lifeline was primarily a cancer support organization that mushroomed into an umbrella organization which carries the motto Fighting Illness With Love .
Originally operating as a subfeed of Fox Sports Midwest , the network formally announced that it would spin - off Fox Sports Kansas City as a separate channel on January 24 , 2008 after Fox Sports Midwest signed an exclusive long - term broadcast agreement with the Kansas City Royals .
Swingtime Dance Troupe was founded the fall of 2002 by four students --
Armada Media Corporation is a Wisconsin - based media corporation founded in 2006 that owns radio stations in the Midwestern United States .
On 1 January 1971 , the until then independent municipality of Ohmes was amalgamated with Antrifttal At about the turn of the 20th century , the Reverend Williges Kraiger had a church with a vestry built by J. Bensheimer from Dieburg .
Fraternity Phi Eta Mu ( ΦΗΜ ) is the first fraternity founded in Puerto Rico in 1923 at the University of Puerto Rico now University of Puerto Rico , Rio Piedras Campus .
The Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Oaxaca ( in Spanish : Asamblea Popular de los Pueblos de Oaxaca ) , or simply the APPO , is an organization that was assembled in response to the political situation in the Mexican state of Oaxaca , first meeting in June 2006 .
The Heavy Blinkers are a Canadian orchestrated - pop music group , formed in 1998 in Halifax .
Mount Gilbert Community College was a mixed , non - denominational secondary school created in 1993 as an amalgamation of Forth River and Cairnmartin secondary schools .
The Beantown Swing Orchestra is a Boston - based 18-piece big band that was formed in 2006 by Frank Hsieh .
Promenade Pictures is a motion picture production company founded in 2003 by Frank Yablans , the former head of Paramount Pictures and of MGM / UA .
THEMUSEUM ( formerly the Waterloo Regional Children 's Museum ) in Kitchener , Ontario , Canada opened to the public in September 2003 following eight years of planning and fundraising .
The Chartered Institute of Administration ( CIA ) is a Nigerian professional body established in 1987 that regulates training and practice of Administration in the public and private sectors .
Corendon Dutch Airlines is a Dutch branch of the Corendon Group ( which also operates Corendon Airlines in Turkey ) which started operations under its own AOC in April 2011 using a single Boeing 737 - -800 aircraft serving European holiday destinations from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Idol Records is a Dallas , Texas - based record label and publishing company founded in 1993 by Erv Karwelis who serves as President of the label .
Hux Records is a British record label based in England , which was launched in 1998 .
The Golden Thread Gallery was established in 1998 by Gail Prentice in a former linen mill on an ' interface ' in North Belfast .
The Alpine Club of Canada ( ACC ) is an amateur athletic association with its national office in Canmore , Alberta that has been a focal point for Canadian mountaineering since its founding in 1906 .
XM Radio Canada was the operating name of Canadian Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. ( or `` CSR '' ) , a Canadian communications and media company , which was incorporated in 2002 to broadcast satellite radio in Canada .
Stealing Angels was founded in 2007 when Caroline Cutbirth , Tayla Lynn , and Jennifer Wayne were recruited for a reality show titled All in the Genes , which would focus on the ups and downs of the descendants of famous relatives ;
Arbor House was an independent publishing house founded by Donald Fine in 1969 .
Fancy Fortune Cookies is a company , founded by Mike L. Fry in 1988 , that produces custom fortune cookies .
The Vancouver Mounties were a high - level minor league baseball club based in Vancouver , British Columbia , that played in the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) from 1956 - -1962 and 1965 - -1969 .
Manx Airlines was an English - owned , Isle of Man - based airline which existed between 1982 and 2002 .
The Campaign for Liberty was announced on June 12 , 2008 as a way of continuing the grassroots support involved in Ron Paul 's 2008 presidential run , and corresponded with the suspension of that campaign .
CPC Bears RL was formed in 2010 , as the regional side for Carmarthenshire , Pembrokeshire and Ceredigion in the Welsh Premier Division with Dinefwr Sharks and West Wales Wild Boars competing in the Championship .
The Őrség National Park ( Hungarian : Őrségi Nemzeti Park ) is a Hungarian National Park established in 2002 with a total area of 440 km2 ( 110,000 acres ; 170 sq mi ) .
Launched in 1995 by Kapitol SA , Infobel was the first online telephone directory .
Kinoton was founded in Munich in 1948 to provide services to local movie theaters .
The Zabriskie Gallery was started in New York City by Virginia Zabriskie in 1954 .
Latitude 43 Motorsports was a former NASCAR team that competed in the Sprint Cup Series in 2010 .
Summers and Weikel formed The Helio Sequence in 1999 , and played their first show in Portland at the Mount Tabor Theater .
Yuexiu Park Station ( Chinese : 越秀公园站 ) is a station on Line 2 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 29 December 2002 .
The Proletarian Society of China was a short - lived Trotskyist organisation founded in Hong Kong in 2002 out of a fuse of former members of the Japan Revolutionary Communist League , International Marxist Tendency and the Hong Kong Marxist Student Society who had established themselves under the name of the Proletarian Society of Chen Du - xiu .
The Pittsburgh Bulls were a member of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League from 1990 to 1993.They were based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The Sustainable Land Use Forum ( SLUF ) is a local Ethiopian non - governmental organization established in 1995 in Addis Ababa .
Plexim GmbH was founded as a spinoff company from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology ( ETH Zurich ) in June 2002 .
Seabourn was founded in 1986 by a consortium of Norwegian investors headed by industrialist Atle Brynestad under the name Signet Cruise Lines , but adopted the name Seabourn Cruise Line shortly afterward after objections from Signet Oil over trademark ownership .
Kutless is a Christian rock band from Portland , Oregon formed in 1999 .
After being absent from the southern gospel music industry for several years , Word Entertainment revived the Canaan Records label in 2007 , placing Dave Clark as the General Manager of the label and announcing Canaan 's relaunch on June 6 , 2007 .
Old Waverly Golf Club , located in West Point , Mississippi , is an 18 hole championship golf course founded by the George Bryan family and 29 other founders in 1988 .
LASIK MD was founded in 2001 by Dr. Mark Cohen and Dr. Avi Wallerstein with two initial clinics in Montreal , Canada and Toronto , Canada .
Sun - Times Media Group was originally founded in 1986 under the name American Publishing Company , as a holding company for Hollinger Inc. 's American properties .
React Music Limited was a London - based independent record label that was formed in 1990 by James Horrocks and Thomas Foley .
The company was acquired and the Exova brand established in 2008 , following a carve - out transaction from Bodycote plc , by funds managed by the private equity company Clayton Dubilier & Rice for £ 417 m in 2008 .
Delta Delta Delta ( ΔΔΔ ) , also known as Tri - delt , is an international sorority founded on November 27 , 1888 at Boston University .
The Texas Network ( abbreviated as TXN ) was a San Antonio , Texas - based media company that was founded in 1998 and disestablished in 2000 .
The DBCult Film Institute was founded in 2011 , replacing the BCult Associazione Culturale , founded in 2003 .
The University of Cologne ( German : Universität zu Köln ) was the sixth university to be established in Central Europe , although after being closed in 1789 , it was re - established in 1919 .
Interactive One was founded in 2007 as a separate division of Radio One .
The Cooperative Human Tissue Network ( the CHTN ) was established in 1987 by the National Cancer Institute in response to an increase in the demand for high quality biospecimens for cancer research .
The Communards were a British pop duo active from 1985 to 1988 .
IF Heimer is a sports club from Lidköping that was founded by a bunch of lads in the town on 18 March 1906 .
Janata Dal was an Indian political party which was formed through the merger of Janata Party factions , the Lok Dal , Congress(S ) , and the Jan Morcha united on 11 October 1988 on the birth anniversary of Jayaprakash Narayan under the leadership of V. P. Singh .
Minarelli was founded in Bologna in 1951 as a motorcycle manufacturer .
Rhein - Neckar Air GmbH was established in late 2013 after plans to create a regional airline connecting the German capital Berlin and Mannheim were revealed in November 2013 .
Movement for Solidarity is an Albanian political party , the formation of which was announced on September 19 , 2007 by former Prime Minister of Albania and former Socialist Party of Albania leader Fatos Nano .
The Tour de Perth is an amateur road bicycle racing stage - race in Australia , established in 2006 .
Budget Rent a Car System , Inc. is an American car rental company that was founded in 1958 in Los Angeles , California by Morris Mirkin .
Intellipaat was founded in 2011 by Diwakar Chittora and Shilpi Jain , to execute their first project of Hadoop training for Ericsson employees .
In February 2005 , Apex Broadcasting Inc. ( Houston L. Pearce , chairman ) reached an agreement to sell WTUG - FM and six other radio stations in Alabama to Citadel Broadcasting ( Farid Suleman , chairman / CEO ) for a reported sale price of $ 29 million .
Matt MacInnis , Josh Forman , and Robert Cromwell founded Inkling in August 2009 .
People Tree Ltd. is a fair trade apparel company founded in 1991 by Safia Minney in Tokyo , Japan .
In 2003 a single national foundation , The Wallace Foundation , emerged from the consolidation of these private foundations .
Agence Vu , ( stylised as Agence VU and Agence VU ' ) is a photography agency established in 1986 that has headquarters on Rue Saint - Lazare in Paris .
Central Partnership ( Russian : Централ Партнершип ) is a Russian film distribution and production company founded in 1995 .
Tammany Hall NYC formed in 1997 , and soon began playing in local New York clubs .
In 1988 , Medea Benjamin , Kevin Danaher , Kirsten Moller , and Kathie Klarreich founded Global Exchange .
Favored Nations Entertainment is a record label founded in 1999 by guitarist Steve Vai and former Guitar Center owner Ray Scherr .
The North - American Interfraternity Conference ( or NIC ; formerly known as the National Interfraternity Conference ) is an association of collegiate men 's fraternities that was formally organized in 1910 , although it began on November 27 , 1909 .
Major Parkinson was started in 2003 by Jon Ivar Kollbotn , Eivind Gammersvik , André Lund and Jan Are Rønhovde .
The Tokyo Goannas Football Club was formed in 1991 and is the strongest and best known Australian sporting team in Japan .
The Krištopans cabinet was the government of Latvia from 26 November 1998 to 16 July 1999 .
Langley Hall Primary Academy is a Free School founded at Langley , Berkshire in 2011 .
The wooden fort of Omsk was built in 1716 by a cossack unit led by Ivan Buchholz to protect the expanding Russian frontier along the Ishim and the Irtysh rivers against the Kyrgyz and Dzungar nomads of the Steppes .
From its founding in 2002 through 2008 , ConDFW convention was held at the Radisson Hotel Dallas North - Richardson in the heart of the Telecom Corridor at the intersection of Campbell Road and U.S. 75 in the Dallas suburb of Richardson , Texas .
Miss Thailand ( Thai : นางสาวไทย ; rtgs : Nang Sao Thai ) , is a beauty pageant held in Thailand for Thai women , first held on December 10 , 1934 in Phra Nakhon district of Bangkok , under the name of Miss Siam ( Thai : นางสาวสยาม ; rtgs : Nang Sao Sayam ) .
The Port Harcourt Book Festival is an annual literary event in Port Harcourt organised by the Rainbow Book Club and endorsed by the Rivers State Government since 2008 .
The Best Male College Athlete ESPY Award has been presented annually since 2002 to the male sportsperson , irrespective of university represented or sport contested , adjudged to be the best in a given calendar year of those contesting collegiate sport in the United States through the National Collegiate Athletic Association .
KWWN officially signed on in December 2007 , and was running tests for several months on its transmitter .
Shamkir Chess is a chess super tournament played in Shamkir , in memory of Vugar Gashimov ( 1986 - -2014 ) .
The Cricket Australia XI is a team of young cricketers that was formed by Cricket Australia in 2015 to give opportunities to young players who are on the fringe of selection for their state teams .
Leaf Trading Cards , founded in 2010 , is a private company that produces trading cards and sports collectibles .
The first Rapid Realty franchise opened in Bay Ridge , Brooklyn in 2009 .
Opole Voivodeship was created on January 1 , 1999 , out of the former Opole Voivodeship and parts of Częstochowa Voivodeship , pursuant to the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998 .
Al - Baath University ( Arabic : جامعة البعث‎ ) , founded in 1979 , is a public university located in the city of Homs , Syria , 180 km north of Damascus .
Pepperl+Fuchs was founded in 1945 by Walter Pepperl and Ludwig Fuchs as a radio repair shop .
Ford 's Filling Station is a gastropub originally located in Culver City , California which opened in 2006 and closed in 2014 .
Kansas State University Polytechnic Campus and the College of Technology and Aviation were established in 1991 as a result of the merger of the Kansas Technical Institute with Kansas State University .
Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited ( GSECL ) is a wholly owned subsidiary company of the Gujarat Electricity Board ( GEB ) , which came into existence in August 1993 after the unbundling of the GEB .
Epoque Hotels is a boutique hotel representation company established in 2002 by David Maranzana and Juan Palmada in North Miami , Florida , United States .
Established in 1986 in Brazil , Colcci operates in 31 countries , with 1,650 label stores and 9 franchise stores .
Dave Matthews Band ( often abbreviated to DMB ) is an American rock band that was formed in Charlottesville , Virginia in 1991 .
The European Charlemagne Youth Prize , sometimes shortened Charlemagne Youth Prize , is a prize that since 2008 has been annually awarded by the European Parliament and the foundation of the original Charlemagne Prize to young people who have contributed towards the process of European integration .
OnStar was formed in 1995 as a collaboration between GM , Electronic Data Systems and Hughes Electronics Corporation .
Me At Sea ( initiated 2003 in Bergen , Norway ) is a solo electronica project of Isak Strand .
Soulpreacher was formed in 1998 by Michael Avery , Anthony Staton , Mark Schindler , and Robb Hewlett .
The boulevard was given its current name of Boulevard de la Bastille in 1898 , due to its contiguity to the Place de la Bastille .
In 1999 Erich Moechel represented Quintessenz as a speaker at the Computers , Freedom and Privacy 99 Conference in Washington DC . Quintessenz is a co - organizer of the Austrian version of the Big Brother Awards and a member of European Digital Rights .
The West Asian Football Federation ( WAFF ) , founded in 2001 , is an association of the football playing nations in Western Asia .
Jingles package Recording the jingles for Lincs FM Group stations at S2 Blue in Leek There 's more to Cleethorpes than meets the eye in 2003 How not to record jingles 1992 jingles 1995 jingles 1999 jingles S2Blue 2006 package YouTube
The Asian Development Tour , founded in 2010 , is a professional golf tour .
KILM originally began broadcasting in 1987 as KVVT , the only independent commercial television station in the Mojave Desert region to provide local news programs .
The Bangkok Airways Open was an Asian Tour golf tournament played in Thailand from 2005 to 2008 .
Founded in 1919 by French industrialist André - Gustave Citroën ( 1878 - -1935 ) , Citroën was the first mass - production car company outside the USA and pioneered the modern concept of creating a sales and services network that complements the motor car .
Karkwa is an indie rock band from Montreal , Quebec , Canada , formed in 1998 .
Ki - oon is a French manga publisher founded in October 2003 by Cécile Pournin and Ahmed Agne .
Clarington Central Secondary School is located in Bowmanville , Ontario , Canada and is located just north of Hwy 2 on Clarington Blvd . Clarington Central Secondary School opened in September 2005 to students and was later officially opened by Kawartha Pine Ridge District School Board officials and the former Mayor of Clarington John Mutton in November 2005 .
Top Dawg Entertainment ( TDE ) is an American independent record label founded in 2004 , by chief executive officer ( CEO ) Anthony `` Top Dawg '' Tiffith .
Master tinsmith Jakob Eberspächer founded the company in 1865 , which soon specialized in metal - framed roof glazing .
P.R Venkatarama Raju , established Ramco Systems in 1992 .
When created as Miss Universe Great Britain in 1952 , 30 women around the island of Great Britain and Northern Ireland competed .
Mercy , the Sexton is a Canadian indie pop band from St. John 's , Newfoundland , founded by brothers Luke and Duncan Major in March 2007 .
The Paramount Pictures School was a short - lived acting school established in 1925 by the Famous Players - Lasky Corporation .
The Royal Art Lodge was a collaborative group of artists based in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada , founded in 1996 by Michael Dumontier , Marcel Dzama , Neil Farber , Drue Langlois , Jon Pylypchuk , and Adrian Williams at the University of Manitoba .
The Pinnacle at Tutwiler Farm is a 75-acre ( 300,000 m2 ) , 644,000 square feet ( 60,000 m2 ) , $ 100 million lifestyle center located in Trussville , Alabama , which opened on October 11 , 2006 .
Serio Controla Records ( also known as Serio Controla Entertainment ) is an independent record label , in the United States founded by Serio in 2005 .
Founded and launched in January 2003 by Steve Thomas and Mark Guthrie , Maxim Recruitment was owned by Steve Thomas 2005 - 2010 and jointly owned by Steve Thomas and Richard Poulter from 2010 onwards .
Glasgow Skeptics , aided by the Glasgow Brights , held their inaugural `` Glasgow Skeptics in the Pub '' Meetup on 10 November 2009 .
The FIA 2-Litre World Rally Cup was a sub - section of the World Rally Championship from 1993 to 1999 .
The War Refugee Board , established by President Franklin D. Roosevelt in January 1944 , was a U.S. executive agency created to aid civilian victims of the Nazi and Axis powers .
In 2001 , they released an album called Sugar Jones that featured the singles `` Days Like That '' ( a cover of the Fierce song ) and `` How Much Longer '' .
The Barberettes ( Hangul : 바버렛츠 ) , is a South Korean retro , doo - wop female trio , which debuted in 2012 , and is based in Seoul .
The TVF Fine Arts and Sports High School ( Turkish : TVF Güzel Sanatlar ve Spor Lisesi ) is a coeducational high school established in 2009 by the Turkish Volleyball Federation ( TVF ) in Yenimahalle district of Ankara , Turkey .
The Sustainable Living Festival is an annual festival held since 1998 in Melbourne at Federation Square and Birrarung Marr along the Yarra River .
Institute for Personal Robots in Education ( IPRE ) was initiated by a $ 1 million grant from Microsoft Research to Bryn Mawr College and the Georgia Institute of Technology and announced in July 2006 .
Future Classic is an Australian independent record label , artist management team , touring agency , and music publisher which was founded in 2004 .
Bluespec , Inc. is a semiconductor tool design company co - founded by Prof . Arvind of MIT in June 2003 .
The ASEAN Wildlife Enforcement Network ( ASEAN - WEN ) was officially launched on 1 December 2005 , as a regional inter - agency and inter - governmental initiative to counter the illegal cross - border trade in endangered flora and fauna .
Founded in 1993 , Selling Energy has provided services for a broad range of customers from individuals to Fortune 500 Companies .
JøKleBa ( establishesd 1990 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz band with a free improvising expression .
In 1976 , the German group `` Jail '' released their only album You Can Help Me , which featured Helmut Köllen as a guest musician on some of the songs ( vocals and guitar ) , including the A - side of the band 's single , Julie .
Ole Thomsen ( born 28 November 1952 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( guitar ) and composer , known from a number of releases and since 1977 central on the Bergen jazz scene .
Allen Toussaint learned piano as a child , and took informal music lessons from an elderly neighbor , Ernest Pinn .
Adam Darr was born in Schweinfurt , Germany , and started playing the guitar as a youth .
Johann Ludwig Krebs ( baptized 12 October 1713 -- 1 January 1780 ) was a Baroque musician and composer primarily for the pipe organ .
Scott Tuma is a musician from Chicago who is best known for having played guitar in the pioneering alt - country band Souled American .
Tim Hagans ( born August 19 , 1954 ) is a jazz trumpet player , arranger and composer .
Geneviève Joy ( 4 October 1919 -- 27 November 2009 ) was a French classical and modernist pianist who , at the end of World War II in 1945 , formed a critically acclaimed duo - piano partnership with Jacqueline Robin which lasted for forty - five years , until 1990 .
Hildegunn Øiseth ( born 5 December 1966 in Kongsvinger , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( trumpet , flugelhorn and bukkehorn ) .
Stephan Vermeersch , is a Belgian performing and teaching musician in the disciplines of clarinet , bass clarinet and saxophone .
Richard Dunbar was a player of the French horn , playing in the free jazz scene .
Ants Taul ( born 7 March 1950 ) is an Estonian musician and instrument - maker who played a prominent role in the revival of the Estonian bagpipe , the torupill .
Till Brönner ( born 6 May 1971 in Viersen , Germany ) is a jazz musician , trumpet player , singer , composer , arranger and producer .
Asmund Bjørken ( born 19 August 1933 in Verdal ) is a Norwegian musician ( accordion and saxophone ) in the genres of jazz and folk .
Muddy Waters grew up on Stovall Plantation near Clarksdale , Mississippi and by age seventeen was playing the guitar at parties , emulating local blues artists Son House and Robert Johnson .
Danny Stag ( born Daniel Steigerwald in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American hard rock guitarist who played with the band Kingdom Come and authored successful blues rock guitar instruction video .
Wilhelm Lanzky - Otto ( January 30 , 1909 -- April 13 , 1991 ) was a Danish - born horn player .
Billy Riker is the lead guitar player , for the experimental / progressive rock band , 3 .
Liam Clancy played guitar in addition to singing and also recorded several solo albums .
James Houlik ( born December 4 , 1942 in Bay Shore , New York ) is an American classical tenor saxophonist and saxophone teacher .
Sandra Pointer - Jones writes , `` Beverly Watkins is a pyrotechnic guitar maven whose searing , ballistic attacks on the guitar have become allegorical tales within the blues community . ''
Freddie Webster ( June 8 , 1916 -- April 1 , 1947 ) was a jazz trumpeter who , Dizzy Gillespie once said , `` had the best sound on trumpet since the trumpet was invented -- just alive and full of life . ''
When not playing with Cake , Gabe Nelson teaches bass and guitar at Kline Music in his hometown of Sacramento .
Adolf von Trotha ( 1 March 1868 , Koblenz , Rhine Province -- 11 October 1940 ) was a German admiral in the Kaiserliche Marine from Koblenz , Rhenish Prussia .
Isabel Gemio Cardoso ( born January 5 , 1961 in Alburquerque , Badajoz ) is a Spanish journalist and radio and television presenter .
Suman Pokhrel ( Nepali : सुमन पोखरेल ; born on September 21 , 1967 ) is a multilingual Nepali poet , lyricist .
Mihail Jora ( Romanian pronunciation : ( mihaˈil ˈʒora ) ; 2 August 1891 , Roman , Romania - 10 May 1971 , Bucharest , Romania ) was a Romanian composer , pianist , and conductor .
Marie Wieck ( January 17 , 1832 -- November 2 , 1916 ) was a German pianist , singer , piano teacher , and composer .
Mary Noel Streatfeild OBE ( 24 December 1895 --11 September 1986 ) , was an English author , best known for children 's books including the `` Shoes '' books , which were not a series .
René - Marie Madec ( February 7 , 1736 -- 1784 ) , called Medoc in Anglo - Indian writings , was a French adventurer in India .
Edward Bond ( born 18 July 1934 ) is an English playwright , theatre director , poet , theorist and screenwriter .
Glaudi Barsotti ( also spelled Claudi Barsòtti in Occitan or Claude Barsotti in French ) is an Occitan writer and journalist born in Marseille .
John Horton Conway FRS ( /ˈkɒnweɪ/ ; born 26 December 1937 ) is an English mathematician active in the theory of finite groups , knot theory , number theory , combinatorial game theory and coding theory .
Enzo Sellerio ( 1924 -- February 22 , 2012 ) was an Italian photographer , publisher , and collector .
Louis du Couret or Abd ul - Hamid In ( 1812 -- 1 April 1867 ) was a French explorer , military officer , and writer .
Carlo Michelstaedter or Michelstädter ( 3 June 1887 -- 17 October 1910 ) was an Italian writer , philosopher , and man of letters .
Brian Rust ( 19 March 1922 -- 5 January 2011 ) was an English jazz discographer .
José Cardoso Pires , ComL , GCM was a Portuguese author of short stories , novels , plays , and political satire .
Michael Borgstede ( born December 27 , 1976 at Thuine in Lower Saxony ) , is a German harpsichordist and organist .
Štěpán Zavřel ( 26 December 1932 -- 25 February 1999 ) was a Czech painter , fresco creator , graphic artist , writer and one of the most influential man in the field of the children 's book illustration in the 20th century .
Stefan Vrtel - Wierczyński ( 1886 - 1963 ) was a Polish librarian and bibliographer , historian of Polish and Slavic literature , Professor of Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań .
Adriana Bittel ( May 31 , 1946 ) is a Romanian literary critic and writer noted for her short stories .
Mario Bava ( 31 July 1914 -- 27 April 1980 ) was an Italian director , screenwriter , special effects artist and cinematographer from the `` golden age '' of Italian horror films .
Pál Pátzay ( 1896 - 1979 ) was a Hungarian sculptor who was named a deputy by a transitional Hungarian government in 1945 .
François Wahl ( born 13 May 1925 - 15 September 2014 ) was a French editor and structuralist .
Wang Baoxiang ( Chinese : 王葆祥 ; 1909 - -1977 ) , courtesy name Xiaoyu ( Chinese : 霄羽 ) , better known by his pen name Wang Dulu ( simplified Chinese : 王度庐 ; traditional Chinese : 王度廬 ) , was a Chinese writer of wuxia novels .
Yordan Radichkov ( Bulgarian : Йордан Радичков ; 24 October 1929 -- 21 January 2004 ) was a Bulgarian writer and playwright .
Klaus Zehelein ( born September 5 , 1940 ) is a German dramaturge .
Richard Sorge ( October 4 , 1895 -- November 7 , 1944 ) was a Soviet military intelligence officer , active before and during the Second World War , working as an undercover German journalist in both Nazi Germany and the Empire of Japan .
Gustave Choquet ( French : ( ʃɔkɛ ) ; 1 March 1915 -- 14 November 2006 ) was a French mathematician .
Daler Xonzoda at times Daler Khonzoda ( Uzbek : Daler Xonzoda , Russian : Далер Хонзода , born Khonov Daler Husniddinovich in Tursunzoda province of Tajikistan on April 1 , 1989 ) is an Uzbek pop singer who sings in the Uzbek , English , Russian , Tajik and Karakalpak languages .
Pierre - Henri Bunel ( born 1952 ) is a former French artillery and intelligence officer .
Andrea Balestri ( born 1 September 1963 ) is an Italian film actor .
Lluís Domènech i Montaner ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʎuˈiz ðuˈmɛnək i munta'ne ) ) ( December 21 , 1850 -- December 27 , 1923 ) was a Spanish Catalan architect who was highly influential on Modernisme català , the Catalan Art Nouveau / Jugendstil movement .
Juli Garreta i Arboix ( Sant Feliu de Guíxols , 12 March 1875 2 December 1925 ) was a Catalan composer , noted for his sardanes .
Jean - Claude Colliard ( March 15 , 1946 -- March 27 , 2014 ) was a French academic and senior public servant .
Princess Shikishi ( 式子内親王 Shikishi Naishinnō ) ( died 1201 ) was a Japanese classical poet , who lived during the late Heian and early Kamakura periods .
Günther Zuntz ( 28 January 1902 -- 3 April 1992 ) , German - English classical philologist , professor of Hellenistic Greek and Bible scholar .
Povl Winning Toussieng ( 15 June 1892 -- 11 January 1967 ) was a Danish doctor , author and resistance fighter .
Léon Vaudoyer ( French pronunciation : ​(leɔ̃ vodwaje ) ) ( 1803 - 1872 ) was a French architect .
Margaret Mazzantini ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈmarɡaret mattsanˈtiːni ) ; born 27 October 1961 ) is an Italian writer and actress .
Pedro Calvo Asensio ( 1821 - -1863 ) was a Spanish playwright , journalist , left - wing politician and Spanish deputy of the 19th century .
Hassan Abbasi ( Persian : حسن عباسی‎ ) also known as David Abbasi or Siyavash Awesta , is a Persian - French writer , journalist , and Islamologist .
Gómez Pérez Dasmariñas y Ribadeneira ( 1 January 1519 -- 25 October 1593 ) was a Spanish politician , diplomat , military officer and colonial official .
Abdel Rahman el - Abnudi ( Arabic : عبد الرحمن الأبنودى‎ ) ( 1938 -- 21 April 2015 ) was a popular Egyptian poet , and more recently a children 's books writer .
Germán Coppini López - Tormos ( 19 November 1961 -- 24 December 2013 ) was a Spanish singer - songwriter , best known as a member of the bands Siniestro Total and Golpes Bajos .
Giordano Vitale or Vitale Giordano ( October 15 , 1633 -- November 3 , 1711 ) was an Italian mathematician .
Emanuele Repetti ( 1776 - 1852 ) was an Italian historian and naturalist who wrote extensively on the history of Tuscany .
Viveca Lärn , earlier Viveca Sundvall , born 6 April 1944 in Örgryte Parish in Gothenburg , Sweden , is a Swedish writer .
Étienne Dupérac ( or du Pérac ) ( c. 1525 - -1604 ) was a French architect , painter , engraver , and garden designer .
Åke Edwardson ( born March 10 , 1953 in Eksjö , Småland ) is a Swedish author of detective fiction , and was previously a lecturer in journalism at Gothenburg University , the city where many of his Inspector Winter novels are set .
Peter Douglas Kennedy ( 18 November 1922 -- 10 June 2006 ) was an English collector of folk songs in the 1950s .
Manuel Teixeira Gomes , GCSE ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐnuˈɛɫ tɐjˈʃɐjɾɐ ˈɡomɨʃ ) ; May 27 , 1860 -- October 18 , 1941 ) was a Portuguese politician and writer .
Pablo de Coronel or Paul Nuñez Coronel ( Segovia c1480 - Salamanca , 30 September 1534 ) was a Spanish Hebraist , and professor of Hebrew at the University of Salamanca .
Manfred Bochmann ( born Zschorlau 15 March 1928 : died 18 November 2011 ) was an East German politician who served as his country 's Minister for Geology for fifteen years .
Otto Walper ( also Latin Otho Gaul(t)perius ; January 1 , 1543 -- December 28 , 1624 ) was a German theologian and philosopher .
Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov ( Russian : Илья́ Ильи́ч Ме́чников , also written as Élie Metchnikoff ) ( 15 May ( O.S. 3 May ) 1845 -- 15 July 1916 ) was a Russian zoologist best known for his pioneering research into the immune system .
Gideon Klein ( 6 December 1919 -- c. January 1945 ) was a Czech pianist , classical music composer , and organizer of cultural life at Theresienstadt concentration camp .
Ramiro de Maeztu y Whitney ( May 4 , 1875 -- October 29 , 1936 ) was a Spanish political theorist , journalist , literary critic , occasional diplomat and member of the Generation of ' 98 .
Stefania Grodzieńska ( 2 September 1914 -- 28 April 2010 ) was a Polish writer , stage and theatrical actress during the Interbellum ; dancer , radio announcer , and satirist known as the First Lady of Polish Humor .
Charles Burney FRS ( 7 April 1726 -- 12 April 1814 ) was an English music historian , composer and musician , and father of the writers Frances Burney and Sarah Burney .
Agustín Ibarrola ( born 1930 ) is a Spanish Basque painter and sculptor .
Claude Couinaud ( 16 February 1922 , Neuilly - sur - Seine - 4 May 2008 ) was a French surgeon and anatomist who made significant contributions in the field of hepatobiliary surgery .
Robert Sigl ( born July 11 , 1962 ) is a German film director and writer .
Guðrún Eva Mínervudóttir is an Icelandic writer born on 17 March 1976 .
Don Álvaro Domecq y Díez ( 1917 - -2005 ) was born into an aristocratic Spanish sherry family in Jerez , of Cádiz , a province of Andalucia in south western Spain .
Vanesa Romero Torres ( born 4 June 1978 ) is a Spanish actress and model , mostly known for her roles as Ana in Aquí no hay quien viva and Raquel in La que se avecina .
Bruno Schulz ( July 12 , 1892 -- November 19 , 1942 ) was a Polish writer , fine artist , literary critic and art teacher born to Jewish parents .
Geneviève Halévy , later Geneviève Bizet and Geneviève Straus ( Paris , 26 February 1849 -- 1926 ) , was a French salonnière .
Peter Wellnhofer ( born Munich , 1936 ) is a German paleontologist at the `` Bayerische Staatssammlung fur Paläontologie '' in Munich .
Cristiana Muscardini ( born on 6 November 1948 in Cannobio ) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for North - West Italy with Future and Freedom ( FLI ) .
Lope Conchillos y Quintana ( ? - 1521 in Toledo ) was a Spanish politician , and secretary at the court of King Ferdinand `` the Catholic '' .
Henry Ireton ( 1611 -- 26 November 1651 ) was an English general in the Parliamentary army during the English Civil War , the son - in - law of Oliver Cromwell .
Francisco Coloane Cárdenas ( American Spanish : ( fɾanˈsisko koloˈane ) ; July 19 , 1910 , Quemchi , Chiloé Province -- August 5 , 2002 ) was a Chilean novelist and short fiction writer whose works have been translated into many languages .
Maximilien Vox ( real name : Samuel William Théodore Monod ) was a French writer , cartoonist , illustrator , publisher , journalist , critic art theorist and historian of the French letter and typography .
Alfonso Azpiri ( born 1947 ) is a Spanish comic book artist , whose work is mainly of the adult variety .
Fernando María Guerrero ( May 30 , 1873 -- June 12 , 1929 ) was a Filipino politician , journalist , lawyer and polyglot who became a significant figure during the Philippine 's golden period of Spanish literature , a period ranging from 1890 to the outbreak of World War II in 1940 .
Luke Hansard ( July 5 , 1752 -- October 29 , 1828 ) was an English printer , born in St Mary 's parish , Norwich , who gave his name to Hansard , the record of Parliamentary debate , which he printed .
Baltasar Anduaga y Espinosa ( 1817 - -61 ) was a Spanish politician , jurist , writer and translator .
Ioseb Iremashvili ( Georgian : იოსებ ირემაშვილი , German : Iosseb Iremaschwili ) ( 1878 - -1944 ) was a Georgian politician and author .
Jesús `` Jess '' Franco ( born Jesús Franco Manera ; 12 May 1930 -- 2 April 2013 ) was a Spanish film director , writer , composer , cinematographer and actor .
Al - Kamil ( Arabic : الكامل‎ ) ( full name : al - Malik al - Kamil Naser ad - Din Abu al - Ma'ali Muhammad ) ( c. 1177 -- 6 March 1238 ) was a Kurdish ruler , the fourth Ayyubid sultan of Egypt .
Hedda Eulenberg ( 6 March 1876 -- 13 September 1960 ) was a German translator and writer
Jane Moore ( born 17 May 1962 ) is an English journalist , author and television presenter , best known as a panellist on the ITV lunchtime chat show Loose Women between 1999 and 2002 , returning as a regular panellist on 15 October 2013 .
Anton Pann ( born Antonie Pantoleon - Petroveanu , and also mentioned as Anton Pantoleon or Petrovici ; 1790s--2 November 1854 ) , was an Ottoman - born Wallachian composer , musicologist , and Romanian - language poet , also noted for his activities as a printer , translator , and schoolteacher .
Helen Kim ( also Kim Hwal - lan , 1899 - 1970 ) was a South Korean politician , educator , social activist , and feminist .
Gyo Fujikawa was born in Berkeley , California , to Japanese parents , Hikozō and Yūko Fujikawa ( 藤川幽子 ) .
András Sütő ( 17 June 1927 -- 30 September 2006 ) was an ethnic Hungarian writer and politician in Romania , one of the leading writers in the Hungarian language in the 20th century .
Haagen Ringnes ( 10 August 1928 -- 23 April 2008 ) was a Norwegian television journalist and non - fiction writer .
Alessandro Parisotti ( July 24 , 1853 -- April 4 , 1913 ) was an Italian composer and music editor .
Juan de Mesa y Velasco ( 1583 - -1627 ) was a Spanish Baroque sculptor .
Kim Ki - young ( October 10 , 1919 -- February 5 , 1998 ) was a South Korean film director , known for his intensely psychosexual and melodramatic horror films , often focusing on the psychology of their female characters .
Philippe Jeantot ( born 8 May 1952 in Antananarivo , Madagascar ) is a French former deep sea diver , who achieved recognition as a sailor for long - distance , single - handed racing and record - setting .
Yossi Harel ( Hebrew : יוסי הראל‎ ) ( January 4 , 1918 -- April 26 , 2008 ) , born Yosef Hamburger , was the supervisor of the Exodus 1947 operation and a leading member of the Israeli intelligence community .
Xantes Mariales ( born about 1580 ; died at Venice in April 1660 ) was an Italian Dominican theologian .
Sir Francis Drake , vice admiral ( c. 1540 -- 27 January 1596 ) was an English sea captain , privateer , navigator , slaver , and politician of the Elizabethan era .
Carlos Drummond de Andrade ( October 31 , 1902 -- August 17 , 1987 ) was a Brazilian poet and writer , considered by some as the most greatest Portuguese language poet of all time .
Liz Jensen ( born 1959 ) is an English novelist .
Ghalib Halasa ( Arabic : غالب هلسا ; December 3 , 1932 -- December 17 , 1989 ) was a Jordanian novelist , short - story writer , literary critic , translator , and political activist .
Vladimír Páral ( born August 10 , 1932 ) is Czech fiction writer , one of the most successful Czech contemporary writers .
Torsten Rudenschöld ( March 30 , 1798 - May 27 , 1859 ) was a Swedish educator and social reformer .
Annie Vivanti Chartres ( 7 April 1866 -- 20 February 1942 ) , also known as Anita Vivanti or Anita Vivanti Chartres , was a British - born Italian writer .
Henri Brod ( June 13 , 1799 - April 6 , 1839 ) was a French oboist , instrument builder and composer of the early Romantic Era .
Hans - Joachim Bremermann ( 1926 - -1996 ) was a German - American mathematician and biophysicist .
Mattheus Uys Krige ( 4 February 1910 -- 10 August 1987 ) was a South African writer of novels , short stories , poems and plays in both Afrikaans and English .
Richard Langham Smith ( born 10 September 1947 , Barnes , London ) is an English musicologist who has written on Debussy and contemporary French music in general .
France Koblar ( 29 November 1889 -- 11 January 1975 ) was a Slovene literary historian , editor and translator .
Anders Sparrman ( 27 February 1748 , Tensta , Uppland -- 9 August 1820 ) was a Swedish naturalist , abolitionist and an apostle of Carl Linnaeus .
Francisco Sánchez Barbero ( 1764 - -1819 ) was a Spanish erudite , journalist , poet and writer .
Christopher Haden - Guest , 5th Baron Haden - Guest ( born February 5 , 1948 ) , better known as Christopher Guest , is an English - American screenwriter , composer , musician , director , actor , and comedian who holds dual British and American citizenship .
Piero Gadda Conti ( 13 February 1902 -- 22 January 1999 ) was an Italian novelist and film critic .
Hilal Mammadov ( Azerbaijani : Hilal Məmmədov ; b. 1959 , Astara Rayon , Azerbaijan SSR ) is an Azerbaijani journalist and human rights activist .
Jiang Bihou ( simplified Chinese : 蒋壁厚 ; traditional Chinese : 蔣壁厚 ; pinyin : Jiǎng Bìhoù ; born 22 November 1923 ) , better known by his pen name Tu An ( Chinese : 屠岸 ; pinyin : Tú'àn ) , is a Chinese poet and translator .
Ólafur Haukur Símonarson , ( born August 24 , 1947 in Reykjavík ) , is an Icelandic playwright and novelist who lives in Reykjavík , Iceland .
Anselm Grün ( in English also : Anselm Gruen ) , OSB ( born January 14 , 1945 in Junkershausen , Germany ) is a German Benedictine padre .
Karl Wolfskehl ( 17 September 1869 -- 30 June 1948 ) was a German Jewish author who wrote poetry , prose and drama in German .
Gian Giacomo Medici ( 25 January 1498 -- 8 November 1555 ) was an Italian condottiero , Duke of Marignano and Marquess of Musso and Lecco in Lombardy .
Thomas Whythorne ( 1528 - -1595 ) was an English composer who wrote what some consider to be the earliest known surviving autobiography in English .
Vlatko Pavletić ( pronounced ( ʋlâtko pǎʋletit͡ɕ ) ; 2 December 1930 -- 19 September 2007 ) was a Croatian politician , university professor , literary critic and essayist .
Alexander , Count of Schönburg - Glauchau ( born August 15 , 1969 in Mogadishu , Somalia ) , known generally and professionally as Alexander von Schönburg , is a German journalist and writer .
Charles Tilstone Beke ( 10 October 1800 -- 31 July 1874 ) was an English traveller , geographer and Biblical critic .
Leopold Kronecker ( 7 December 1823 -- 29 December 1891 ) was a German mathematician who worked on number theory , algebra and logic .
Thomas Coke , 1st Earl of Leicester , KB ( 1697 - -1759 ) was an English land - owner and patron of the arts .
María de Echarri y Martínez ( 9 September 1878 -- 1955 ) was a Spanish catholic propagandist and columnist , advocate of feminist causes .
Ramiro Arrue y Valle , generally known as Ramiro Arrue ( born May 20 , 1892 in Bilbao , died on 1 April 1971 in Saint - Jean - de - Luz ) was a Basque painter , illustrator , and ceramist , of Spanish nationality , who devoted his work to the Basque Country .
For the ( much larger ) list of German publications , see the German Wikipedia article on Gerald Stourzh .
Francisco Arturo Michelena Castillo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( arˈtuɾo mitʃeˈlena ) ; 16 June 1863 -- 29 July 1898 ) was a Venezuelan painter born in Valencia , Carabobo State .
Axel Scheffler ( born 1957 ) is a German - born illustrator and animator based in London .
Wajdi Mouawad , OC , ( born 1968 ) is a Lebanese - Canadian writer , actor and director best known for his work in the Canadian and French theatre .
Ranieri de ' Calzabigi ( Italian pronunciation : ( raˈnjɛːri de kaltsaˈbiːdʒi ) ; 23 December 1714 -- July 1795 ) was an Italian poet and librettist , most famous for his collaboration with the composer Christoph Willibald Gluck on his `` reform '' operas .
Francisco Sosa Wagner ( born June 15 , 1946 in Alhucemas , Spanish Protectorate of Morocco ) is a Spanish jurist , professor of administrative law , writer and politician .
Philip IV of Spain ( Spanish : Felipe IV ; 8 April 1605 -- 17 September 1665 ) was King of Spain ( as Philip IV in Castille and Philip III in Aragon ) and Portugal as Philip III ( Portuguese : Filipe III ) .
Ivan David ( born 24 September 1952 ) is a Czech psychiatrist , former Minister of Health and former director of the Psychiatric Hospital of Bohnice .
Juan Lloret Llorens ( born 1952 in Valencia , Spain ) is a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
Alejandro Sawa Martínez ( 15 March 1862 - 3 March 1909 ) was a Spanish bohemian novelist , poet , and journalist .
Niccolao Manucci ( 1639 - -1717 ) was an Italian writer and traveller .
Erick Benzi ( born 1 March 1959 in Marseille , France ) is a French musician , songwriter , composer and record producer .
Bohdan Zadura ( born February 18 , 1945 in Puławy ) is a Polish poet , translator and literary critic .
Lorenz Heister ( Latin : Laurentius Heister ) ( 19 September 1683 -- 18 April 1758 ) was a German anatomist , surgeon and botanist born in Frankfurt am Main .
Jean Dubuisson ( September 18 , 1914 -- October 22 , 2011 ) was a French architect who is regarded as one of the leading practitioners of the French post - World War II years .
Mohammed Berrada ( Arabic : محمد برادة‎ ) , also transliterated Muhammad Baradah , ( born 1938 in Rabat ) is a Moroccan novelist , literary critic and translator writing in Arabic .
Alvaro Bermejo Marcos ( born in San Sebastián , on August 1 , 1959 ) is a Spanish writer and journalist .
Leonida Tonelli ( 19 April 1885 -- 12 March 1946 ) was an Italian mathematician , noted for creating Tonelli 's theorem , a variation of Fubini 's theorem , and for introducing semicontinuity methods as a common tool for the direct method in the calculus of variations .
Pierre Risch , born in 1943 in Paris , is a painter , engraver , lithograph , sculptor , and French designer .
William Strachey ( 4 April 1572 -- 21 June 1621 ( buried ) ) was an English writer whose works are among the primary sources for the early history of the English colonisation of North America .
Praveena ( born 11 April 1978 , Changanacherry , Kerala , India ) is an Indian film and soap actress who has starred in numerous Malayalam films and Tamil serials .
Francisco Layna Serrano ( 27 June 1893 in Luzón ( Guadalajara ) -- 7 May 1971 in Madrid ) was a Spanish doctor and historian of Guadalajara Province .
Joseph Farington RA ( 21 November 1747 -- 30 December 1821 ) was an 18th - century English landscape painter and diarist .
Commodianus was a Christian Latin poet , who flourished about AD 250 .
Dhanashree Halbe ( Marathi : धनश्री हळबे)(born December 13 , 1928 ) is a well - known Marathi writer .
Santiago Urquiaga Pérez ( born 18 April 1958 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back .
Moishe Broderzon ( November 23 , 1890 -- August 17 , 1956 ) was a Yiddish poet , theatre director , and the founder of the Łódź literary group Yung - yidish .
Charles - Valentin Alkan ( French : ( ʃaʁl valɑ̃tɛ̃ alkɑ̃ ) ; 30 November 1813 -- 29 March 1888 ) was a French composer and pianist .
José Ignacio Hualde is a linguist from Navarre , specialised in Basque linguistics and in Spanish synchronic and diachronic phonology , professor of Linguistics and Latin American and Caribbean Studies in the Department of Spanish , Italian and Portuguese , and in the Department of Linguistics , at the University of Illinois at Urbana--
Pietro Aretino ( 20 April 1492 -- 21 October 1556 ) was an Italian author , playwright , poet , satirist and blackmailer who wielded immense influence on contemporary art and politics and invented modern literate pornography .
William of Ockham ( /ˈɒkəm/ ; also Occam , from Latin : Gulielmus Occamus ; c. 1287 -- 1347 ) was an English Franciscan friar and scholastic philosopher and theologian , who is believed to have been born in Ockham , a small village in Surrey .
Josep Melcior Prat i Colom , or in Spanish Joseph Melchior de Prat , ( Els Prats de Rei , Anoia , 1780 - San Sebastian , 1855 ) was a Catalan nationalist politician , writer , and in 1835 governor of Barcelona , and 1855 civil governor of Guipuzcoa .
Sir Robert Grosvenor , 6th Baronet ( 7 May 1695 -- 1 August 1755 ) was an English Member of Parliament and an ancestor of the modern day Dukes of Westminster .
Erzsébet Szőnyi , also Erzsébet Szilágyi , ( born 25 April 1924 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian composer .
Marilyn Chin ( 陈美玲 ) is a prominent Chinese American poet and writer , an activist and feminist , an editor and Professor of English .
Mordechai Geldman ( Hebrew : מרדכי גלדמן‎ ; b. 1946 ) is an Israeli artist , author , poet and psychologist .
Charles Angrand ( 19 April 1854 -- 1 April 1926 ) was a French artist who gained renown for his Neo - Impressionist paintings and drawings .
Toru Dutt ( Bengali : তরু দত্ত ) ( March 4 , 1856 -- August 30 , 1877 ) was an Indian poet who wrote in English and French .
Max Lundgren ( 22 March 1937 -- 27 May 2005 ) was a Swedish author of children 's books .
Sir Francis Baring , 1st Baronet ( 18 April 1740 -- 11 September 1810 ) was an English merchant banker , a member of the Baring family , later becoming the first of the Baring baronets .
Andrea Mátay ( born 27 September 1955 in Budapest ) is a retired Hungarian high jumper .
Piotr Sztompka ( born 2 March 1944 , in Warsaw , Poland ) is a Polish sociologist known for his work on the theory of social trust .
Vinko Globokar ( born 7 July 1934 ) is a French avant - garde composer and trombonist of Slovene descent .
Ottó Herman ( 26 June 1835 -- 27 December 1914 ) was a Hungarian zoologist , ethnographer , archaeologist , and politician ; a polymath recognized as a pioneer of Hungarian natural history research .
Letizia Battaglia ( Italian pronunciation : ( leˈtittsja batˈtaʎʎa ) ; born 5 March 1935 ) is an Italian photographer and photojournalist .
Petr Sgall ( born 27 May 1926 in České Budějovice ) is a Czech linguist .
Pierre de Fermat ( French : ( pjɛːʁ dəfɛʁma ) ; 17 August 1601 -- 12 January 1665 ) was a French lawyer at the Parlement of Toulouse , France , and a mathematician who is given credit for early developments that led to infinitesimal calculus , including his technique of adequality .
Jaime Blanco García ( born 1 May 1944 ) is a former Spanish politician and former President of Cantabria between 1990 and 1991 .
Nassau William Senior ( 26 September 1790 -- 4 June 1864 ) , was an English lawyer known as an economist .
Yolande Mukagasana ( born September 6 , 1954 ) is a Rwandan writer writing in French .
Jens Pauli Heinesen ( 2 November 1932 in Sandavágur −19 July 2011 in Tórshavn ) was a Faroese writer .
Georges Ville ( 23 March 1824 -- 22 February 1897 ) was a French agronomist and plant physiologist born in Pont - Saint - Esprit .
Cyriacus Spangenberg ( 7 June 1528 -- 10 February 1604 ) was a German theologian and historian , son of the reformer Johannes Spangenberg ( 1484 - -1550 ) .
Jean - Claude Nicolas Forestier ( 9 January 1861 in Aix - les - Bains -- 26 October 1930 in Paris ) was a French landscape architect , trained with Alphand and became conservateur of the promenades of Paris .
Lauri Vahtre ( born 22 March 1960 in Tartu ) is an Estonian politician , historian , translator and writer .
Jacques - Étienne Belhomme ( 29 January 1800 -- 16 February 1880 ) was a French psychiatrist who was a native of Paris .
Nguyễn Văn Tố ( Hà Đông , 5 June 1889 -- 1947 ) pen name Ứng Hoè , was a Vietnamese literary scholar .
François Xavier Louis Henry Gaëtan Bonnier ( 3 December 1857 - 29 October 1944 ) was the first French general to learn to fly .
Emily Clark ( fl . 1798 - -1833 ) was an English novelist of the 18th century .
Hartmut Geerken ( born 15 January 1939 in Stuttgart , Germany ) is a German musician , composer , writer , journalist , playwright , and filmmaker .
Ambrose Phillipps ( c. 1707 - 6 November 1737 ) was an English politician .
Roger Heim ( February 12 , 1900 -- September 17 , 1979 ) was a French botanist specialising in mycology and tropical phytopathology .
Herbert Willison ( 1872 - 30 November 1943 ) was an English solicitor and Liberal Party , later Liberal National politician .
Justo Navarro ( born Granada , 1953 ) is a Spanish poet and novelist .
Émile Duployé was a French clergyman , born in 1833 in Liesse - Notre - Dame ( Aisne ) and died in 1912 in Saint - Maur - des - Fosses ( current Val - de - Marne ) .
Mark Barrowcliffe ( born 1 January 1964 ) , also known as M.D. Lachlan and Mark Alder , is an English writer .
Williams Sassine ( 1944 , Kankan , Guinea -- February 9 , 1997 , Conakry , Guinea ) was a Guinean novelist who wrote in French .
Helme Heine ( born 4 April 1941 in Berlin ) is a best - selling German writer , children 's book author , illustrator and designer .
Cyrille Pierre Théodore Laplace ( 7 November 1793 -- 24 January 1875 ) was a French navigator famous for his circumnavigation of the globe on board La Favorite .
Zlatan Ibrahimović ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈslaːtan ɪbraˈhiːmɔvɪtɕ ) , Bosnian pronunciation : ( zlǎtan ibraxǐːmoʋit͡ɕ ) ; born 3 October 1981 ) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a striker for French club Paris Saint - Germain and the Sweden national team for which he is captain .
Niccolò Perotti , also Perotto or Nicolaus Perottus ( 1429 -- 14 December 1480 ) was an Italian humanist and author of one of the first modern Latin school grammars .
Adoor Pankajam ( 1925 -- 26 June 2010 ) was an Indian actress , in Malayalam movies .
Roger of Hoveden or Howden ( fl . 1174 - -1201 ) was a 12th - century English chronicler .
Ahmad Faris Shidyaq ( 1805 -- 20 September 1887 , known also as Fares Chidiac , Faris Al Chidiac , Arabic : أحمد فارس الشدياق ‎ ) was a scholar , writer and journalist who grew up in present - day Lebanon .
Herta Huber ( January , 1926 in Schönbach , today Luby ( Cheb District ) , Karlovy Vary Region , Czech Republic ) is a German writer and poet .
Hans Talhoffer ( Dalhover , Talhouer , Thalhoffer , Talhofer ) was a 15th - century German fencing master .
Ricardo Menéndez Salmón is a Spanish novelist and writer .
Carme Laura Gil i Miró ( born 1935 in Benissanet , Tarragona ) is a Spanish professor and politician .
Vital Aza Álvarez - Buylla ( 25 April 1851 -- 13 December 1912 ) was a Spanish author , playwright , poet and satirist , born in Pola de Lena , Asturias , northwestern Spain .
Ajip Rosidi , born on 31 January 1938 , in Jatiwangi , Majalengka , West Java , is an Indonesian poet and short story writer .
Paul Demiéville ( 13 September 1894 -- 23 March 1979 ) was a Swiss - French sinologist and Orientalist known for his studies of the Dunhuang manuscripts and Buddhism and his translations of Chinese poetry , as well as for his 30-year tenure as co - editor of T'oung Pao .
Maria Clara Isolde Kurz ( 21 December 1853 -- 5 April 1944 ) , was a German poet and short story writer .
Stanisław Grzesiuk ( Polish pronunciation : ( staˈɲiswaf ˈɡʐɛɕuk ) ; 6 May 1918 , Małków , Łęczna County - 21 January 1963 ) was a Polish writer , poet , singer , and comedian .
Marcel Jousse ( 28 July 1886 -- 14 August 1961 ) was a French Jesuit and anthropologist .
WYUU ( 92.5 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting from Safety Harbor , Florida and serving the Tampa / St . Petersburg , Florida area .
WENO is an AM radio station operating in the Nashville , Tennessee market on the frequency of 760 kHz .
WMJJ ( 96.5 FM ) , `` Magic 96.5 '' ) is a iHeartMedia , Inc .- owned Adult contemporary radio station that broadcasts from Birmingham , Alabama .
KVMR ( 89.5 FM ) is a progressive , largely independent radio station founded in 1978 in Nevada City , California producing mainly live broadcasts .
WNWK ( 1260 AM , `` Sabrosa 1260 '' ) was a radio station broadcasting in Spanish in Newark , Delaware .
CIXN - FM is a Canadian radio station in Fredericton , New Brunswick .
KTEM ( 1400 AM ) , branded as `` Newsradio 1400 '' , is a radio station serving the Killeen - Temple , Texas , area with a News / Talk / Sports format .
WAGL ( 1560 AM ) was a radio station broadcasting an oldies format that was licensed to Lancaster , South Carolina , USA .
KTIE ( 590 AM , `` AM 590 The Answer '' ) is a conservative talk radio station located in San Bernardino , California , broadcasting to the Inland Empire , including Riverside , Redlands and San Bernardino .
WLFJ - FM is a non - commercial Contemporary Christian music station licensed to Greenville , South Carolina and serves the Upstate , including Greenville and Spartanburg .
KSBJ is a non - commercial Contemporary Christian music radio station based in Humble , Texas , broadcasting on 89.3 MHz FM in the Greater Houston area .
WMBS is a Full service / Adult Standards formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Uniontown , Pennsylvania , serving the Uniontown / Pittsburgh / Morgantown area .
WOSH ( branded as NewsTalk 1490 ) is a radio station serving the Oshkosh , Wisconsin area with a News / Talk format from the ABC News Radio network .
WKLV - FM is a Contemporary Christian radio station licensed to Port Chester , New York , moving in from Stamford , Connecticut on May 30 , 2011 , signing on as the K - LOVE affiliate for New York City and the metropolitan area .
WKQQ ( 100.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to the city of Winchester , Kentucky , and serves the greater Lexington , Kentucky , area .
WRHD ( 94.3 FM , `` 94.3 The Game '' ) is a sports radio station in Farmville , North Carolina .
WKQI is an FM radio station serving Detroit , Michigan .
WAFN - FM ( 92.7 FM , `` Fun 92.7 '' ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of licensed to Arab , Alabama .
WNXT - FM broadcasts on FM in the Portsmouth , Ohio area at 99.3 MHz and can be heard online from their website at http://www.wnxtradio.com .
WFLS - FM is a Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Fredericksburg , Virginia , serving Central Virginia , Northern Virginia , and Southern Maryland .
WGUO ( 94.9 MHz , 50,000 watts ; Reserve , Louisiana ) , AKA `` Gumbo 94.9 '' , is a classic country outlet serving the New Orleans area .
WYTS ( 1230 AM ) is a radio station in Columbus , Ohio owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
WKIS is a country music station licensed to Boca Raton , Florida and broadcasting at 99.9 FM .
White House Bridge was located west of Luray , Virginia over the South Fork of the Shenandoah River .
Złotówka ( zwɔˈtufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in southwestern Poland .
Union College is a private , non - denominational liberal arts college located in Schenectady , New York , United States .
Kuchesar is village in Bulandshahr district , state of Uttar Pradesh , at a distance of 80 km from Delhi , off the NH 24 .
Popławce ( pɔˈpwaft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Theodore Roosevelt Expressway ( also known as the National Highway System High Priority Corridor 58 ) , is made up of several existing highways between Rapid City , South Dakota and the Port of Raymond between Saskatchewan and Montana .
Rudzienko - Kolonia ( ruˈd͡ʑeŋkɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Hochhaus Uptown München ( English : Munich Uptown Building ) is a 146 m ( 479 ft ) skyscraper in the Moosach district of Munich , Germany .
Stołbce ( ˈstɔu̯pt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec - Stacja , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Pontyclun ( or Pont - y - clun ) is a village in the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales .
Woodah Island , also known as Isle Woodah , is an island in Arnhem Land , in the Northern Territory of Australia , lying in the mouth of Blue Mud Bay at 13.44 ° S 136.16 ° E. It is located 13.4 km east of Haddon Head on the coast of mainland Arnhem Land .
Mangum Mound Site ( 22 CB 584 ) is an archaeological site of the Plaquemine culture in Claiborne County , Mississippi .
Little Dunham is a village situated in the Breckland District of Norfolk and covers an area of 749 hectares ( 2.9 square miles ) with a population of 309 at the 2001 census .
Jabłoń - Rykacze ( ˈjabwɔɲ rɨˈkat͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Martin Goodman Trail is a 56-kilometre ( 35 mi ) multi - use path along the waterfront in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Ballintoy ( from Irish Baile an Tuaigh , meaning `` the northern townland '' ) is a small village , townland ( of 274 acres ) and civil parish in County Antrim , Northern Ireland .
Drift , Kentucky is an unincorporated community and coal town in Floyd County , Kentucky , United States .
Jackson Liberty High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Jackson Township , Ocean County , New Jersey , operating as part of the Jackson School District .
The Mitchell Brothers O'Farrell Theatre is a striptease club at 895 O'Farrell Street near San Francisco 's Tenderloin neighborhood .
Part of Cougar Canyon is an ecological preserve maintained by the British Columbia Ministry of Environment .
Kadkan District ( Persian : بخش کدکن‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Big Raven Plateau is a lava plateau in northern British Columbia , Canada , located west of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park and Recreation Area .
Chapeshlu District ( Persian : بخش چاپشلو‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ruszkowo - Parcel ( ruʂˈkɔvɔ ˈpart͡sɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kasakan ( Persian : كاسكان‎ , also Romanized as Kasakān and Kāskān ; also known as Qazqān ) is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Wyboston , Chawston and Colesden is a civil parish located in the Borough of Bedford in Bedfordshire , in England .
Kotlinki ( kɔˈtlʲiŋkʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hancock Barracks was a 19th - century fortification near Houlton , Maine .
Pitt Community College , commonly known as PCC , is a two - year accredited institution of higher education and technical training school , and is located in Winterville , North Carolina in Pitt County .
Wola Murowana ( ˈvɔla murɔˈvana ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitkówka - Nowiny , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Allama Iqbal Town ( Urdu : علامہ اقبال ٹاؤن‎ ) ( also known as Iqbal Town or abbreviated as AIT ) is a commercial and high end residential locality in the south - western Lahore .
Netarde is a small village in sawantwadi taluka ( Dist . Sindhudurg , state- Maharashtra ) .
The Hästveda railway station is located on Östra Järnvägsgatan in the locality of Hästveda , in Hässleholm Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden .
Pickstock is a small hamlet in Shropshire , England , where it is part of the civil parish of Chetwynd , near the town of Newport .
Sobakówek ( sɔbaˈkuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Buckley Country Day School is an independent , coeducational day school providing elementary and middle education to 330 students in grades toddler through eight in Roslyn , New York .
Pleasant Bay , Cape Cod is a section of beach located in Orleans , Massachusetts .
Poplar Grove National Cemetery is near Petersburg , Virginia , and is managed as part of Petersburg National Battlefield .
Bulcote is a village and civil parish in the Newark and Sherwood district of Nottinghamshire , England .
Dalkhan ( Persian : دلخان‎ , also Romanized as Dalkhān ; also known as Shūl - e Dalkhān and Talakhān ) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
KWBG ( 1590 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Boone , Iowa .
Barney Circle is a small residential neighborhood located on the west bank of the Anacostia River in southeast Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
Camp Abbot was a United States Army training center located south of Bend , Oregon , United States .
Kaparoqtalik Glacier is a glacier located in the southern coast of the Byam Martin Mountains on Bylot Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Café Slavia is a café in Prague , Czech Republic , located on the corner of Národní street and Smetanovo nábřeží , next to the Vltava river and opposite the National Theatre .
The Textile Museum of Canada , located Toronto , Ontario , Canada , is a Canadian museum dedicated to the collection , exhibition , and documentation of textiles .
Skyline Sports Complex is a sports complex / stadium on City Island , along the Susquehanna River , in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
Aliabad County ( Persian : شهرستان علی‌آباد‎ ) is a county in Golestan Province , Iran .
Stare Kosiny ( ˈstarɛ kɔˈɕinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hluk ( in Germany Hulken ) is a town in Uherské Hradiště District in Zlín Region of the Czech Republic , 10 km southeast from Uherské Hradiště on stream Okluky .
The Old City Hall and Engine House is a historic municipal building at Annapolis , Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States .
Aberdeen Centre ( traditional Chinese : 時代坊 ; simplified Chinese : 时代坊 ; pinyin : Shídàifāng ) is a shopping mall in Richmond , British Columbia .
Allen Memorial Medical Library is located along Euclid Avenue on the campus of Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio .
Wells Creek is a swift creek in Whatcom County , Washington .
Dadeh Saqi ( Persian : دده سقي‎ , also Romanized as Dadeh Sāqī ; also known as Deh - e Sāqī ) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Budy Wielgoleskie ( ˈbudɨ vjɛlɡɔˈlɛskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Latowicz , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Deh Dalian ( Persian : ده دليان‎ , also Romanized as Deh Dalīān , Deh Delīān , and Deh Delyān ) is a village in Sangestan Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Enaj Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اناج‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Qareh Chay District , Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Keshavarzeh - ye Olya ( Persian : كشورزه عليا‎‎ , also Romanized as Keshavarzeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 154 , in 33 families .
Namak Talkeh - ye Rashnow ( Persian : نمک تلخه رشنو‎ ; also known as Rashnoodi , Rashnū , and Rashnūdī ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Cincinnati Zoo Historic Structures are a collection of historically significant buildings at the Cincinnati Zoo in Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District ( Persian : فولادلوئ جنوبي‎ , meaning `` South Fuladlui '' ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ferry Beach State Park is a state - operated , public recreation area in Saco , York County , Maine .
Lemoncourt ( German : Lemhofen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Georgiana Bruce Kirby Preparatory School , referred to as Kirby School , is a non - profit independent school located in Santa Cruz , California .
Lalari Do ( Persian : للري دو‎‎ , also Romanized as Lalarī Do , meaning `` Lalari 2 '' ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kruczaj ( ˈkrut͡ʂai̯ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sibbe ( Limburgish : Sub or Süp ) is the official Dutch name of a village in the municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul in the province of Limburg in the Southern part of the Netherlands .
Mansfield Ski Club is a ski resort near the village of Mansfield , Ontario , 80 km northwest of Toronto , Canada .
Bałaje ( baˈwajɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Балаї , Balayi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
North Michigan Park is a neighborhood in Northeast Washington , D.C ..
Mount Beaufort is a mountain located on Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada and was named after Francis Beaufort .
Dalavich Church is a kirk ( church ) in the settlement of Dalavich in the Lorne district of Argyll in Scotland , belonging to the Church of Scotland .
Pir Qoli ( Persian : پيرقلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Qolī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Château de Farcheville is a 14th - century castle in the commune of Bouville near Paris in the département of Essonne .
The Estádio Anísio Haddad , usually known as Rio Pretão , is a multi - purpose stadium in São José do Rio Preto , Brazil .
Aguaray ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aɣwaˈɾai ) ) is a city in the province of Salta , General José de San Martín department , in northern Argentina .
Kala Kuli ( Persian : كلاكولي‎ , also Romanized as Kalā Kūlī ) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Miechowice Wielkie ( mjɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wietrzychowice , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Today , Vaasa has a population of 66,581 ( 30 June 2015 ) ( approximately 90,000 in the Vaasa sub - region ) , and is the regional capital of Ostrobothnia ( Swedish : Österbotten , Finnish : Pohjanmaa ) .
Zero Branco is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto , located about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northwest of Venice and about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) southwest of Treviso .
Clubmoor is a neighbourhood of Liverpool , Merseyside , England and a Liverpool City Council ward .
The Cora Hartshorn Arboretum and Bird Sanctuary ( 16.5 acres ) , also known as the Hartshorn Arboretum , is an arboretum and bird sanctuary located at 324 Forest Drive South , in the Short Hills section of Millburn , in Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
Cheshmeh Jafteh Tang Alak ( Persian : چشمه جفته تنگ الك‎ ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
KQDJ - FM ( 101.1 FM , `` Q101 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Valley City , North Dakota , serving the Jamestown and Valley City areas .
Daraqeh ( Persian : درقه‎ ) is a village in Sofla Rural District , Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hazaribagh district ( Hindi : हज़ारीबाग़ ज़िला ) is one of the twenty - four districts of Jharkhand state , India , and Hazaribagh town is the district headquarters .
Giardinello ( Sicilian : Jardineddu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily , located about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) west of Palermo .
The Murray Valley Highway is a state highway that is located in Victoria and New South Wales , Australia .
Mary Park Wilson House , also known as `` Old Stone House Farm '' and `` Oban Hall , '' is a historic home located near Gerrardstown , Berkeley County , West Virginia .
Red Cliffs Secondary College is a state - run co - educational high school located in Red Cliffs , Victoria , Australia .
WQMP ( 101.9 FM ) , also known as 101.9 AMP Radio , is a Top 40/CHR radio station that is licensed to Daytona Beach but primarily serves the Orlando and Space Coast areas of Central Florida .
Brushy Mountain State Penitentiary last named Brushy Mountain Correctional Complex ( also called Brushy ) was a large maximum - security prison near the town of Petros in Morgan County , Tennessee , operated by the Tennessee Department of Correction .
The Thomas B. Finan Center is an inpatient psychiatric hospital located in Cumberland , Maryland .
The Stephens College South Campus Historic District is a National Historic District on the campus of Stephens College in Columbia , Missouri .
John Nicholas and Elizabeth Moyer House , also known as `` Richland , '' is a historic home located at Jefferson Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
The National Building Museum , historically known as the Pension Building , in Washington , D.C. , United States , is a museum of `` architecture , design , engineering , construction , and urban planning '' .
The Victory Theatre is a 1,950 seat venue in Evansville , Indiana .
Nugent Home for Baptists is a historic private charity building at 221 W. Johnson Street in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Sečanj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сечањ ) is a village and municipality in Central Banat District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
Red Onion State Prison ( ROSP ) is a supermax state prison located in Wise County , Virginia , near Pound .
The Tuscaloosa Public Library is a city / county agency located in the city of Tuscaloosa , serving a population of over 184,035 in Tuscaloosa County in the state of Alabama , USA .
Profile Rock , also known as the Old Man of Joshua 's Mountain , is a 50-foot high granite rock formation located in Freetown , Massachusetts just outside Assonet village and near the Freetown State Forest .
Wola Kurowska ( ˈvɔla kuˈrɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Wólka Pietkowska ( ˈvulka pjɛtˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Waikaia , formerly known as Switzers , is a town in the Southland Region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Fleishhacker Pool was a public saltwater swimming pool located in the southwest corner of San Francisco , California next to the San Francisco Zoo at Sloat Boulevard and the Great Highway .
The Lakeport Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located near the shore of Clear Lake in Lakeport , California .
Kolamsar ( Persian : كلامسر‎ , also Romanized as Kolāmsar and Kolām Sar ; also known as Kalām Sarā , Kālehsān , and Keliser ) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Bluestone National Scenic River protects a 10.5-mile ( 16.9 km ) section of the Bluestone River in Summers and Mercer counties of southern West Virginia .
Nerqin Hand ( Armenian : Ներքին Հանդ , also Romanized as Nerkin Hand and Nerk’in Hand , Nerqin Hand , and Nerkin And ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Mojo Alcantara ( Sicilian : Moju d'Alcàntara ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) east of Palermo and about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southwest of Messina .
The Hebert D. Katz Center for Advanced Judaic Studies ( CAJS or `` the Katz Center '' ) at the University of Pennsylvania is the world 's first and only institution exclusively dedicated to post - doctoral research on Jewish Civilization .
The Smith - Dengler House is a private home located at 58555 US 41 in Wolverine , Michigan .
Toguéré Coumbé is a village and commune of the Cercle of Ténenkou in the Mopti Region of Mali .
Shahrak - e Mamlah ( Persian : شهرك مملح‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Mamlaḩ ; also known as Mamlaḩ ) is a village in Dasht - e Abbas Rural District , Musian District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Yarlington is a village and civil parish , near the source of the River Cam , in the English county of Somerset .
Mercyhurst University , formerly Mercyhurst College , is a Catholic liberal arts college in Erie , Pennsylvania in the United States .
The La Grange Church and Cemetery is a historic Carpenter Gothic church and cemetery in Titusville , Florida , United States .
Blue Hills Ski Area is located on the western face of Great Blue Hill in Canton , Massachusetts .
Podlejki ( pɔdˈlɛi̯ki ) ( German Podleiken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Galltrigill ( Scottish Gaelic : Galtraigil ) is a largely abandoned crofting township on the far north end of the east side of the Duirinish peninsula on the Isle of Skye , and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Aquin Catholic Schools is a group of three private Catholic schools in Freeport , Illinois in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockford .
The Blue Plate Building , is a building in the Gert Town section of New Orleans , Louisiana , at 1315 S. Jefferson Davis Parkway at the corner of Earhart Boulevard .
Granada Studios Tour was an entertainment theme park at the Granada Studios complex in Castlefield , Manchester which operated from 1988 to 1999 .
Kagal is a town lying in Kolhapur district of the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Shaanxi History Museum , which is located to the northwest of the Giant Wild Goose Pagoda in the ancient city Xi'an , in the Shaanxi province of China , is one of the first huge state museums with modern facilities in China .
Kolonia Dziecinów ( kɔˈlɔɲja d͡ʑɛˈt͡ɕinuf ) is part of Dziecinów village , Gmina Sobienie - Jeziory .
Campitello di Fassa ( Ladin : Ciampedèl , German : Kampidel i m Fasstal ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) northeast of Trento ( 100 km by road ) .
The Cronulla sand dunes are located on the Kurnell Peninsula in the local government area of Sutherland Shire , Sydney , New South Wales .
Kanikula Glacier . , also known as Little Tokositna Glacier , is an 11-mile ( 18 km ) long glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Farnham Common is a village in Buckinghamshire , England , 3 miles north of Slough and 3 miles south of Beaconsfield , on the A355 road .
Fuladlui Shomali Rural District ( Persian : فولادلوئ شمالي‎ , meaning `` North Fuladlui '' ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Pettit Lake is a large alpine lake in Blaine County , Idaho , United States , located in the Sawtooth Valley in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area .
Norrbotten County ( Norrbottens län ; Finnish : Norrbottenin lääni ) is the northernmost county or län of Sweden .
Wólka Husińska ( ˈvulka xuˈɕiɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnobród , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Pakenham Bridge is a stone bridge with of five arches that cross the Mississippi River at the town of Pakenham within Mississippi Mills , Ontario , Canada .
Norfolk State University ( NSU ) is a public four - year , coed , liberal arts , historically black university located in Norfolk , Virginia .
Wainscott Windmill is an historic windmill on Georgica Association grounds in Wainscott , New York in the Town of East Hampton .
Fardabad ( Persian : فرداباد‎ , also Romanized as Fardābād ; also known as Pardābād ) is a village in Jaru Rural District , Palangabad District , Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Hogshawe or Hogshaw is an area of settlement in Derbyshire , England .
Càrna ( Scottish Gaelic pronunciation : ( kʰaːrˠnə ) ) is an island in Loch Sunart , an arm of the sea , close to the Ardnamurchan peninsula , on the west coast of Scotland .
KJTH ( 89.7 FM ) is a non - commercial , educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Ponca City , Oklahoma .
Rossoszyca ( rɔssɔˈʂɨt͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Vrouwenparochie ( West Frisian : Froubuorren ) is a small village in Het Bildt in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands , with a population of around 620 .
Wilkostów ( vilˈkɔstuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miękinia , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tin Can Mike Lake ( also , Mike Lake and Murphy Lake ) is a lake in Lake County , Minnesota .
Roseland Cottage , also known as Henry C. Bowen House or as Bowen Cottage , is a historic house located on Route 169 in Woodstock , Connecticut .
The Great Smoky Mountains Expressway is a four - lane divided highway that serves as the main east - west corridor through Southwestern North Carolina ; connecting the towns of Bryson City , Sylva and Waynesville to Interstate 40 .
The Robert Waugh House , also known as the Sparland Octagonal House , is located in the Marshall County village of Sparland , Illinois , on a steep hillside overlooking the Illinois River .
Anabaptist Mennonite Biblical Seminary ( AMBS ) is an accredited Anabaptist Christian seminary in Elkhart , Indiana , affiliated with the Mennonite Church USA and the Mennonite Church Canada .
Maxwell Park railway station is a railway station in Pollokshields area of Glasgow , Scotland , adjacent to the park of the same name .
The Forked River Nuclear Power Plant was a proposed nuclear power plant in Lacey Township in Ocean County , New Jersey .
Grassy Ridge Bald is a mountain in North Carolina and is part of the Roan Highlands , within the Pisgah National Forest .
Cawthorpe is a hamlet in the civil parish of Bourne , in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire , England .
Whitfords Avenue is an arterial east - west road located in the northern suburbs of Perth , Western Australia .
Tazehabad - e Khosrow ( Persian : تازه ابادخسرو‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Khosrow ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Barciszewo ( bart͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Bartelsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
555 California Street , formerly Bank of America Center , is a 52-story 779 ft ( 237 m ) skyscraper in San Francisco , California .
Fittja metro station is a station on the red line of the Stockholm metro , located in Fittja , Botkyrka Municipality , Sweden .
Wólka Zatorska ( ˈvulka zaˈtɔrska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Letovice ( German : Lettowitz ) is a town in Blansko District , South Moravian Region , Czech Republic .
Aq Qabaq - e Sofla ( Persian : اق قباق سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Āq Qabāq - e Soflá ; also known as Āq Qabāq ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The National Museum of Toys and Miniatures , formerly known as the Kansas City Toy and Miniature Museum , is located on the campus of the University of Missouri Kansas City in a 38-room Italianate mansion at 52nd and Oak .
Guestling is a village and civil parish in the Rother District of East Sussex , England .
WJMG ( 92.1 FM , `` G 92.1 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Hattiesburg , Mississippi , and serving the Laurel - Hattiesburg area .
Qeshlaq - e Marshun ( Persian : قشلاق مرشون‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Marshūn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Qandar Qalu ( Persian : قندرقالو‎ , also Romanized as Qandar Qālū and Qanderqālū ; also known as Kardinkali , Qandarqālī , and Qandirqāli ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Pain Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Kankrola is a large Yadav village in the Gurgaon District of the Indian state of Haryana .
KCGS ( 960 AM ) is a radio station serving the Marshall , Arkansas , area with a southern gospel format .
The Cedar Key Scrub State Reserve is a Florida State Park , located six miles ( 10 km ) northeast of Cedar Key on State Road 24 .
Qeshlaq - e Karanlu ( Persian : قشلاق كرانلو‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Karānlū ; also known as Karānlū and Kārvānlū ) is a village in Minjavan - e Gharbi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Al - Budi ( Arabic : البودي‎ , also spelled el - Bodi ) is a village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Jableh District in the Latakia Governorate , located south of Latakia .
Ruth Airport ( FAA LID : T42 ) ( formerly Q95 ) is a public airport located seven miles ( 11 km ) south of Ruth , serving Trinity County , California , USA .
The Fontaine des Innocents is a monumental public fountain located on the place Joachim - du - Bellay in the Les Halles district in the 1st arrondissement of Paris , France .
Jester Center or Jester Center Residence Halls is a co - educational residence hall at The University of Texas at Austin , built in 1969 .
Serizjan - e Namdi ( Persian : سريزجان نمدي‎ , also Romanized as Serīzjān - e Namdī ; also known as Serīzjān ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Jingzhou Miao and Dong Autonomous County ( simplified Chinese : 靖州苗族侗族自治县 ; traditional Chinese : 靖州苗族侗族自治縣 ; pinyin : Jìngzhōu Miáozú Dòngzú Zìzhìxiàn ) , known as Jing County or Jingxian ( 靖县 ; 靖縣 ; Jìng Xiàn ) until 1987 , is under the administration of Huaihua , Hunan province , China .
Khorusan ( Persian : خروسان‎ , also Romanized as Khorūsān , Khoroosan , Khowrīshān , and Khurīshān ) is a village in Japelaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sahra Meydan ( Persian : صحراميدان‎ , also Romanized as Şaḩrā Meydān ) is a village in Nivan Rural District , in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Utena County ( Lithuanian : Utenos Apskritis ) is one of ten counties in Lithuania .
Wylów ( ˈvɨluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przecław , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Nesah - ye Mazkur va Nasrollah ( Persian : نسه مذكورونصراله‎ , also Romanized as Nesah - ye Maẕkūr va Naṣrollah ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Discovery Mine was a gold mine 81 kilometers northeast ( approx bearing of 15 degrees ) of Yellowknife , Northwest Territories that operated between 1950 and 1969 .
The Old River Control Structure ( ORCS ) is a floodgate system in a branch of the Mississippi River in central Louisiana .
Caleb T. Ward Mansion is a historic home located at 141 Nixon Avenue on Ward Hill , Staten Island , New York .
Buncton ( /ˈbʌntᵿn/ or /ˈbʌnktᵿn/ ) is a small village in the Horsham District of West Sussex , England , part of the civil parish of Wiston 0.5 miles ( 0.80 km ) north .
Hertsa Raion ( Ukrainian : Герцаївський район , translit . : Hertsaiivs'kyi raion ; Romanian : Raionul Herța pronounced ( raˈjonul ˈhert͡sa ) ) is an administrative raion ( district ) in the southern part of Chernivtsi Oblast in western Ukraine , on the Romanian border .
Lac Agile ( Mascouche ) Airport , ( TC LID : CSA2 ) , is located 3.5 nautical miles ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) north northwest of Mascouche , Quebec , Canada .
Xocchel Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` counting magpies ) is found '' is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 53.65 km2 ) of land and located roughly 45 km southeast of the city of Mérida .
Kingsmeadow ( known as the Cherry Red Records Stadium for sponsorship purposes ) is an association football stadium in the area of Norbiton , Kingston upon Thames , London , which is used for the home matches of both AFC Wimbledon and Kingstonian .
The Geneva School of Diplomacy and International Relations or Geneva School of Diplomacy ( GSD ) is a private , unaccredited university located in Pregny - Chambésy , Switzerland .
Chappel is a village and Civil parish in the borough of Colchester , Essex which sits on the River Colne .
Tsirege ( also Tshirege ) is a classic Anasazi Pueblo archaeological site located north of Pajarito Road ( now closed to the public ) about one mile west of White Rock , New Mexico on property owned by Los Alamos National Laboratory .
St. Matthews Baptist Church is located in Williamstown , New Jersey , 30 miles from Philadelphia .
The Clove Furnace Ruin in Arden , New York , USA , was a longtime smelting site for iron ore mined from nearby veins in what is now Harriman State Park .
Rātana pā , or Ratana Community , is a town in the North Island of New Zealand , near Whanganui and Marton in the Manawatu - Wanganui Region , which developed around the Rātana church there .
The Archers ' Hall is the club house of the Royal Company of Archers , the Sovereign 's Bodyguard in Scotland .
Nagiun ( Persian : نگيون‎ , also Romanized as Nagīūn ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Beltway Plaza mall is located in Greenbelt , Maryland .
Palkanlu - ye Pain ( Persian : پالكانلوپائين‎ , also Romanized as Pālkānlū - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Pālkānlū - ye Soflá ) is a village in Jirestan Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Izdebki - Kośmidry ( izˈdɛpki kɔɕˈmidrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rahateshwar is a village in the Devgad Taluka of the Sindhudurg district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Surażkowo ( suraʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Childs Way Charter School is a charter school in Culp Creek , Oregon , United States .
Dziarny ( ˈd͡ʑarnɨ ) ( German : Groß Sehren ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kremenchuk is the administrative center of the Kremenchuk Raion ( district ) in the Poltava Oblast ( province ) .
The Marstons Mills Hearse House and Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Massachusetts Route 149 in the Marstons Mills section of Barnstable , Massachusetts .
Monas Kola ( Persian : منسكلا‎ , also Romanized as Monas Kolā ; also known as Monāseh Kolā ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bolqan - e Sofla ( Persian : بلقان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bolqān - e Soflá ; also known as Bolqān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Golian Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Polule ( pɔˈlulɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
The Allegheny Observatory is an American astronomical research institution , a part of the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Pittsburgh .
The Regina Floral Conservatory , in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada , is a conservatory operated by volunteers of the Regina Garden Associates with support from the city of Regina .
Marbais ( Walloon , Marbé ) is part of the Belgian municipality of Villers - la - Ville , situated in Wallonia in the province of Walloon Brabant .
Isabel Pass is a gap in the eastern section of the Alaska Range which serves as a corridor for the Richardson Highway about 11 miles from Paxson .
Tarqoli ( Persian : تارقلي‎ , also Romanized as Tārqolī ) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
San Giorgio del Sannio ( formerly San Giorgo alla Montagna or San Giorgio la Montagna ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania , located about 60 km northeast of Naples and about 9 km southeast of Benevento .
Dar Alai ( Persian : دارعلايي‎ , also Romanized as Dār `` Alā’ī ) is a village in Dorunak Rural District , Zeydun District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 162 , in 32 families .
Huguantun ( Chinese : 胡官屯镇 ) is a town in Qihe County , Dezhou , in northwestern Shandong province , China .
Meshkan ( Persian : مشكان‎ , also Romanized as Meshkān and Moshkān ; also known as Mishkūn and Moshgān ) is a city in and the capital of Poshtkuh District , in Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The City of Lancaster ( /ˈlæŋkæstər/ ) is a local government district of Lancashire , England , with the status of a city and non - metropolitan district .
The Anaheim Regional Transportation Intermodal Center ( ARTIC ) is an intermodal transit center in Anaheim , California , United States .
MacArthur Center is a shopping mall in Norfolk , Virginia , in the center of the Hampton Roads metropolitan area .
Farm to Market Road 2215 , or FM 2215 , runs about 1.34 miles ( 2.16 km ) from north of Frankston , Texas east , to a county road within the town of Berryville near the west shore of Lake Palestine .
KLNZ ( 103.5 FM at 62 kW ERP ) is a regional Mexican - formatted radio station serving the Phoenix , Arizona area .
Rybin ( ˈrɨbin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Keyf ( Persian : كيف‎ ) is a village in Bashtin Rural District , Davarzan District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Maducarai ( Tamil : மடுகரை ) is a panchayat village in Nettapakkam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry , India .
Ecclesall Road is a road in Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England , that runs for about 3.6 miles ( 5.8 km ) south - west from Sheffield 's city centre under the number A625 .
Gračišče ( pronounced ( ɡɾaˈtʃiːʃtʃɛ ) ; Gracischie in Italian ) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
John Forrest National Park is a national park in the Darling Scarp , 24 km east of Perth , Western Australia .
The I.O.O.F. and Barker Buildings were a pair of historic commercial buildings located in downtown Mount Vernon , Indiana , United States .
Anaqiz ( Persian : اناقيز‎ , also Romanized as Ānāqīz ) is a village in Abarghan Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Narenjun ( Persian : نارنجون‎ , also Romanized as Nārenjūn ; also known as Nārenjān ) is a village in Fahlian Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kozyn ( Ukrainian : Козин ) is an urban - type settlement in Obukhiv Raion of Kiev Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Konopki - Jabłoń ( kɔˈnɔpki ˈjabwɔɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Osełków ( ɔˈsɛu̯kuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna , within Skarżysko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Nethrana is a village in Hanumangarh District of Rajasthan state , in India .
Koduvila is a village near Ashtamudi Lake in East - Kallada , Kollam district , Kerala , India .
The Thomas Wolfe House , also known as the Thomas Wolfe Memorial , is a state historic site , historic house and museum located at 52 North Market Street in downtown Asheville , North Carolina .
Rudnik Pierwszy ( ˈrudnik ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzówek , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Georgian Triangle is the name of a geographic region in Southern Ontario containing the counties surrounding Georgian Bay , mostly Nottawasaga Bay , in particular .
Nowosielce Kozickie ( nɔvɔˈɕɛlt͡sɛ kɔˈʑit͡skʲɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Новосільці Козицькі , Novosil’tsi Kozyts’ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Kowalin ( kɔˈvalin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Temple of Music was a concert hall and auditorium built for the Pan - American Exposition which was held in Buffalo , New York , in 1901 .
Quilengues , also Kilenjes , is a town and municipality in Huíla Province in Angola .
Wardlow is a parish and linear village in the Derbyshire Dales two miles from Tideswell , Derbyshire , England .
Mount Ida College is a private college in Newton , Massachusetts offering professional undergraduate and graduate degrees .
Rafy Bon ( Persian : رفع بن‎ , also Romanized as Rafyʿ Bon ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ostrężnica ( ɔstrɛ̃ʐˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Acteon Group ( Groupe Actéon ) is a rather isolated and uninhabited subgroup in the far southeast of the Tuamotu atoll group in French Polynesia .
Qeshlaqat - e Afshar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قشلاقات افشار‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Takieh ( Persian : مزرعه تكيه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Taḵīeh ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District , Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Bronzolo ( German : Branzoll ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) south of the city of Bolzano .
Hamra National Park ( Swedish : Hamra nationalpark ) is a national park in Ljusdal Municipality , Gävleborg County , Sweden .
The Trammell Bridge is 1.6 miles long and carries State Road 20 over the Apalachicola River in the Florida Panhandle between Blountstown and Bristol .
The Monument Airport ( IATA : PHQ , ICAO : YTMO ) , aka Phosphate Hill Airport is located at Phosphate Hill , Queensland , Australia .
Yekanabad ( Persian : يكن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Yekanābād ; also known as Yeganābād , Yegnābād , and Yengābād ) is a village in Alvandkuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Rend Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area is an Illinois state park on 38,900 acres ( 15,700 ha ) in Franklin and Jefferson Counties , United States .
Mudon Township ( Burmese : မုဒုံမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Mawlamyine District in the Mon State of Myanmar .
The House at 95 Chestnut Street in Wakefield , Massachusetts is a well preserved vernacular Greek Revival house .
Blau 's Four Mile House , also known as the Reitman House , is a historic property located on Four Mile Road in Camp Springs , Kentucky , a rural area of Campbell County , Kentucky .
The Hambrick Botanical Gardens are botanical gardens located on the grounds of the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum , 1700 NE 63rd Street , Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
The Monument to the Battle of the Nations ( German : Völkerschlachtdenkmal , sometimes shortened to Völki ) is a monument in Leipzig , Germany , to the 1813 Battle of Leipzig , also known as the Battle of the Nations .
Rozpędziny ( rɔspɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ ) ( German : Rospitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Canyon Island is an island in the City and Borough of Juneau , Alaska , United States .
Krosno - Huby ( ˈkrɔsnɔ ˈxubɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bavegem is a small village in the Denderstreek in East - Flanders in Belgium , part of the municipality of Sint - Lievens - Houtem .
Malcesine ( VR ) is a comune ( municipality ) on the eastern shore of Lake Garda in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto , located about 120 kilometres ( 75 miles ) northwest of Venice and about 40 kilometres ( 25 miles ) northwest of Verona .
The Federal Correctional Complex , Florence ( FCC Florence ) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Colorado .
Centre Village Meeting House ( also known as Union Church of Enfield Center ) is a historic meeting house ( church ) on New Hampshire Route 4A in Enfield Center , New Hampshire .
Stanstead St Margarets , often abbreviated to just St Margarets , is a village and civil parish in the district of East Hertfordshire , Hertfordshire , England .
Garbas ( ˈɡarbas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipów , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Gerry Weber Stadion is an indoor sports arena , located in Halle , North Rhine - Westphalia , in Germany .
Zafaran - e Sofla ( Persian : زعفران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Za``farān - e Soflá ; also known as Seyyedmā ) is a village in Mansuri Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 40 , in 8 families .
Qermezi Qeshlaq ( Persian : قرمزي قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Qermezī Qeshlāq ; also known as Qezel Qeshlāq ) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dragalovci ( Cyrillic : Драгаловци ) is a village in the municipality of Doboj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
St. Paul 's Memorial Episcopal Church and Guild Hall is a historic church at 714 - -716 National Avenue in Las Vegas , New Mexico , United States .
Porto Ercole ( Italian : ( ˈpɔrto ˈɛrkole ) ) is an Italian town located in the municipality of Monte Argentario , in the Province of Grosseto , Tuscany .
Narkevychi ( Ukrainian : Наркевичі ) is an urban - type settlement in the Volochysk Raion ( district ) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine .
The Ho Municipal District is one of the twenty - five ( 25 ) districts in the Volta Region .
Dirleton Castle is a medieval fortress in the village of Dirleton , East Lothian , Scotland .
The Fenimore Art Museum ( formerly known as Fenimore House Museum ) is a museum located in Cooperstown , New York , USA , operating under the auspices of the New York State Historical Association .
The Leaning Pine Arboretum is located on 5 acres ( 20,000 m2 ) on the north side of the California Polytechnic State University campus , in San Luis Obispo , central California .
Szlasy - Umiemy ( ˈʂlasɨ uˈmjɛmɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
LaGrande Dam ( or La Grande Dam ) is a hydroelectric dam on the Nisqually River , on the border of Pierce County and Thurston County , Washington .
Bellingham International Airport ( IATA : BLI , ICAO : KBLI , FAA LID : BLI ) is three miles ( 5 km ) northwest of Bellingham , in Whatcom County , Washington , and the third - largest commercial airport in Washington .
Villanova di Camposampiero is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) west of Venice and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) northeast of Padua .
Hazeltine National Golf Club is a golf club located in Chaska , Minnesota , a suburb southwest of Minneapolis .
Lasowiec ( laˈsɔvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Sternwalde ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Duchal House is an 18th - century mansion and estate near Kilmacolm , Scotland .
Wien Südbahnhof ( German for Vienna South Station ) was Vienna 's largest railway terminus .
The Emmons Cemetery Site , also known as the Emmons Site , is a Middle Mississippian culture archaeological site located in Kerton Township , Fulton County , Illinois , on the edge of a bluff overlooking the Illinois River to its east .
Luray Caverns , that was originally called Luray Cave , is a large , celebrated commercial cave just west of Luray , Virginia , USA , which has drawn many visitors since its discovery in 1878 .
KVLB is a non - commercial Christian contemporary music radio station in Bend , Oregon , broadcasting on 90.5 FM .
The Streissguth Gardens are a family - maintained hillside garden covering approximately one acre on the northwest side of Capitol Hill in Seattle , Washington .
The Chung Wah Cemetery , also known as China Mission - Chung Wah Chinese Cemetery , in Folsom , California is a cemetery from 1906 .
Mangolan ( Persian : منگلان‎ , also Romanized as Mangolān ) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Lake Wilderness is the largest lake in Maple Valley , Washington , United States .
Esmaeelabad , Mirjaveh ( Persian : اسماعیل‌آباد ‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Careys Peak is a peak in the Williams Range , part of the Mount Royal Range , located in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales , Australia .
Spring Mountain Ranch State Park is a state park of Nevada , USA , preserving the historic Sandstone Ranch established in 1876 .
The Pettengill - Morron House , or Morron House , is a house located in the American city of Peoria , Illinois .
The Hearthstone Historic House Museum is a historic home in Appleton , Wisconsin , United States that has been converted into a museum .
Beinn Bhrotain ( Scottish Gaelic : Hill of the mastiff ) or Ben Vrottan is a Scottish mountain in the Cairngorms range , 18 kilometres west of Braemar in the county of Aberdeenshire .
Guandu District ( Chinese : 官渡区 ; pinyin : Guāndù Qū ) is a district under the jurisdiction of Kunming , Yunnan , China .
Gansu ( simplified Chinese : 甘肃 ; traditional Chinese : 甘肅 ; pinyin : Gānsù ) is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the northwest of the country .
Kandulan ( Persian : كندولان‎ , also Romanized as Kandūlān ) is a village in Emam Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
West Java ( Indonesian : Jawa Barat , abbreviated as `` Jabar '' , Sundanese : Jawa Kulon ) is a province of Indonesia .
The Site of Joining Forces in Wenjiashi of Autumn Harvest Uprising is located in Wenjiashi Town , approximately 51 km from Liuyang city , Hunan , China .
Cote Blanche is a place located in St. Mary parish , Louisiana , United States .
L'Église Saint - Girons ( English : Saint - Girons Church ; Béarnese Occitan : glèisa de Sent Gironç ) is a Gothic - style Roman Catholic church located in the commune of Monein ( formerly in Béarn ) in Pyrénées - Atlantiques , Aquitaine .
Omm ol Emamid ( Persian : ام الاماميد‎ , also Romanized as Omm ol Emāmīd ; also known as Omm ol Emāmī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Firsdown is a civil parish in Wiltshire , England , 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) northeast of Salisbury .
The Galli - Curci Theatre is located on Main Street ( state highway NY 30 ) in Margaretville , New York , United States .
Kasemjan ( Persian : كسم جان‎ , also Romanized as Kasemjān ; also known as Gasamjān , Kasbehjān - e Pā’īn , and Kasmehjān ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Oakton Trolley Station is a historic trolley station located at Oakton , Fairfax County , Virginia .
The Longfellow Bridge ( also known to locals as the `` Salt - and - Pepper Bridge '' or the `` Salt - and - Pepper - Shaker Bridge '' due to the shape of its central towers ) carries the Route 3 roadway , the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Red Line trains , bicycle , and pedestrian traffic .
The UT Martin Skyhawks are the intercollegiate athletic teams of the University of Tennessee at Martin ( UTM ) , located in Martin , Tennessee , United States .
Dzierzkowice - Góry ( d͡ʑɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Choqa Qasem ( Persian : چقاقاسم‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Qāsem ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
KRRY ( 100.9 FM , `` Y101 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Canton , Missouri , USA .
The Shire of Oxley was a local government area in Victoria , Australia , immediately to the south of the city of Wangaratta , which housed the shire 's council chambers .
The Venice Seaboard Air Line Railway Station ( also known as the Venice Depot ) is a historic former Seaboard Air Line Railroad depot located at 303 East Venice Avenue in Venice , Florida , U.S.A ..
Lac Vieux Desert is a lake in the United States divided between Gogebic County , Michigan , and Vilas County , Wisconsin .
Gartocharn ( listen ) is a village in West Dunbartonshire in Scotland .
City of Rocks State Park is a state park of New Mexico , United States , consisting of large sculptured rock formations in the shape of pinnacles or boulders rising as high as 40 feet ( 12 m ) .
Jaaveleh ( Persian : جعاوله‎ , also Romanized as Ja``āveleh ; also known as Bāmdezh Ja``āvoleh , Chaqāvoleh , and Jali``eh ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 157 , in 25 families .
Orta San Giulio is a town and comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of Novara .
Tumusin ( tuˈmuɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chogha Horushi ( Persian : چغاهروشي‎ , also Romanized as Choghā Horūshī , Chaqā Hūroshī , and Chakāhu Rusi ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Stadtallendorf is a town in the county of Marburg - Biedenkopf , Hesse , Germany .
The Milseburg is located in the municipality of Hofbieber , east of Fulda in the Rhön hills of Hesse , Germany .
The UNESCO World Heritage Site Buddhist Monuments in the Hōryū - ji Area includes a variety of buildings found in Hōryū - ji and Hokki - ji in Ikaruga , Nara Prefecture , Japan .
White Mountains Community College ( WMCC ) is a part of the Community College System of New Hampshire and is based in Berlin with an academic center in Littleton .
The Dunbar Apartments is a complex of buildings located on West 149th and West 150th Streets between Frederick Douglass Boulevard / Macombs Place and Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Dobrzęcino ( dɔbʐɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Idaerd ( Dutch : Idaard ) is a small village in Boarnsterhim in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Doha Stadium ( Hebrew : איצטדיון דוחא‎ , Etztadion Doha ; Arabic : ستاد دوحة‎ ) is the current home of Bnei Sakhnin .
Holla Bend National Wildlife Refuge is a 6,486 acre ( 26 km² ) wildlife refuge located 5 miles southeast of Dardanelle , Arkansas .
The Canadian Derby is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Northlands Park in Edmonton , Alberta .
Pennco Tech is a for - profit technical school with locations in Bristol , Pennsylvania and Blackwood , New Jersey .
Świątniki Małe ( ɕfjɔntˈniki ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gol Khun ( Persian : گلخون‎ , also Romanized as Gol Khūn and Gel Khūn ; also known as Gerkhūn - e Shūbāzār ) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Guttikonda Bilam , also known as Guthikonda Bilam , is a historic cave and a pilin Andhra Pradesh , India .
Vihti ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈʋihti ) ; Swedish : Vichtis ) is a small municipality located in the Uusimaa region of province of Southern Finland , approximately 50 kilometres ( 30 mi ) northwest of the capital city Helsinki .
Iceland School of Energy ( ISE ) is a school jointly owned by Reykjavik Energy , Reykjavik University , and Iceland GeoSurvey , delivering education in the field of sustainable energy , accredited in the School of Science and Engineering at Reykjavik University .
Persingen is a hamlet , known as the smallest village of the Netherlands , situated in the municipality of Berg en Dal in the province of Gelderland .
Shan Pui Tsuen ( 山背村 ) is a village in Shap Pat Heung , Yuen Long District , Hong Kong .
Shippingsport Bridge has been the name of three similarly - located bridges over the Illinois River in LaSalle Township , LaSalle County , Illinois : an 1872 swing span bridge , a 1929 vertical - lift bridge nearby , and a 2003 bridge in the same location as the 1929 bridge .
Kharabeh - ye Sadat ( Persian : خرابه سادات‎ , also Romanized as Kharābeh - ye Sādāt ) is a village in Saidiyeh Rural District , Bostan District , Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pir Sohrab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پيرسهراب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Trigadilly is a public artwork by American sculptor Chas Coburn , located at Union Center Plaza , at 820 First Street NE in Washington , D.C. , United States .
Mohammad Ameri ( Persian : محمدعامري‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad `` Āmerī and Moḩammad `` Omari ; also known as Madumari ) is a village in Delvar Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,040 , in 454 families .
Anegpur ( Hindi : अनेगपुर ) is a village of Sant Ravidas Nagar district , in the state of Uttar Pradesh in northern India .
Bozgush ( Persian : بزگوش‎ , also Romanized as Bozgūsh ) is a village in Rahal Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wardomy ( varˈdɔmɨ ) ( German : Wordommen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Kłoski - Świgonie ( ˈkwɔski ɕfiˈɡɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Esfahan Kalateh ( Persian : اصفهان كلاته‎ , also Romanized as Eşfahān Kalāteh ) is a village in Estarabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Tulice ( tuˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Saint Monica Catholic High School is a parochial , co - educational , secondary school in Santa Monica , California , consisting of students in grades 9 - 12 .
Uinsky District ( Russian : Уинский райо́н ) is an administrative district ( raion ) of Perm Krai , Russia ; one of the thirty - three in the krai .
Falling Creek Camp is a residential camp for boys in Tuxedo , North Carolina .
Yablunets ( Ukrainian : Яблунець ) is an urban - type settlement in Yemilchyne Raion , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
Paulista is a municipality in Pernambuco , Brazil , with a population of 303,404 as of 2011 .
Bedab ( Persian : بداب‎ , also Romanized as Bedāb ) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Cove Island Houses , although plural in name , is a single house in Cove Island Park , in Stamford , Connecticut .
The Western Reserve Historical Society ( WRHS ) was founded in 1867 , making it the oldest cultural institution in Northeast Ohio .
The Cocoa Expo Sports Center is a multi - sport complex located near Cocoa , Florida .
Gainesville is the county seat and largest city in Alachua County , Florida , and the principal city of the Gainesville , Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) .
Sęsów ( ˈsɛ̃suf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Muttumpuram is a small village in Vengara , Malappuram district , Kerala state of India .
Atlantic County Library System is the county library system of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
The Waldo Hills are a range of hills in the Willamette Valley of Oregon , United States .
Piața Romană ( The Roman Square ) is a major traffic intersection in Sector 1 , central Bucharest .
Pourlans is a commune in Saône - et - Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France .
The Lake Wales Ridge National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System , located in four separated areas on the Lake Wales Ridge east of US 27 between Davenport and Sebring Florida .
Wola Chroberska ( ˈvɔla xrɔˈbɛrska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Safa Ishan ( Persian : صفاايشان‎ , also Romanized as Şafā Īshān ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Gomishan District , Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Yaqinlu ( Persian : يقين لو‎ , also Romanized as Yaqīnlū ) is a village in Qeshlaqat - e Afshar Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Changiyeh - ye Qajar ( Persian : چنگيه قجر‎ , also Romanized as Changīyeh - ye Qajar ; also known as Changīyeh , Changīyeh Gāvdārī , and Gāvdārī - ye Changīyeh ) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District , in the Sivan District of Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Divide Creek is a short creek near Kicking Horse Pass on the British Columbia / Alberta border ( also the border between Yoho National Park and Banff National Park ) .
Lakeland Regional High School is a comprehensive regional four - year public high school and school district serving students from the Boroughs of Ringwood and Wanaque ( including its Haskell neighborhood ) , communities in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States , which have a combined population of about 25,000 .
Billy Bishop Toronto City Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CPZ9 ) is located in Toronto Harbour , Toronto , Ontario , Canada , adjacent to Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport on the Toronto Islands .
Bairnkine is a hamlet on the Jed Water in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , on the A68 , south of Jedburgh .
Sztutowska Kępa ( ʂtuˈtɔfska ˈkɛmpa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sztutowo , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Różyniec ( ruˈʐɨɲet͡s ) ( German : Rosenthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gromadka , within Bolesławiec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Lerudbon ( Persian : لرودبن‎ , also Romanized as Lerūdbon ; also known as Lerdbon ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chester Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at the junction of Osborne Road and VA 10 in Chester , Chesterfield County , Virginia .
The Museum of the Earth is a natural history museum located in Ithaca , New York .
Wieruszyce ( vjɛruˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów , within Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Oratory Preparatory School , commonly known as Oratory Prep , is a Roman Catholic college preparatory day school for boys in grades 7 - 12 , located in Summit , in Union County , New Jersey , United States , approximately 19 miles ( 31 km ) west of Manhattan .
The Lake Worth Church Fire occurred in 1999 in Lake Worth , Texas , United States .
Paso de la Arena , also known by the composite name Paso de la Arena - Los Bulevares - Rincón del Cerro - Santiago Vázquez is a barrio ( neighbourhood or district ) of Montevideo , Uruguay .
Marireh ( Persian : مريره‎ , also Romanized as Marīreh ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sarmada ( Arabic : سرمدا‎ ) is a town in the Harem District , Idlib Governorate of Syria .
Bemidji Regional Airport ( IATA : BJI , ICAO : KBJI , FAA LID : BJI ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of the central business district of Bemidji , a city in Beltrami County , Minnesota , United States .
Kotowy ( kɔˈtɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Oborczyska ( ɔbɔrˈt͡ʂɨska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Słowin ( ˈswɔvin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Oude Leije ( West Frisian : Alde Leie ) is a hamlet in the municipality of Leeuwarderadeel ( province of Friesland ) in the Netherlands .
WFMV , known as `` Gospel 95.3 '' , is a full - time urban contemporary gospel station simulcast located in the Midlands region of South Carolina .
Sydney 's Paddy 's Markets is a commercial enterprise that has two large markets in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Whiteoak High School is a public high school in Mowrystown , Ohio , USA , and the only high school in the Bright Local Schools district .
Queens Metropolitan High School ( QMHS ) is a public high school in Forest Hills in Queens , New York .
The Tay Canal is the portion of the Tay River in the Eastern region of Southern Ontario , providing a connection between the town of Perth and the Rideau Canal at Beveridge Bay on Lower Rideau Lake .
Brampton Civic Hospital is an acute care hospital in Brampton , Ontario and part of the William Osler Health Centre along with the nearby Etobicoke General Hospital .
Dahlen Castle ( German : Schloss Dahlen ) is a castle built between 1744 and 1751 in the small town of Dahlen , located in Saxony , Germany .
John S. Davidson Fine Arts Magnet School is a public magnet school for the fine and performing arts located in downtown Augusta , Georgia , USA .
Atolen ( Persian : اتلن‎ , also Romanized as Ātolen ; also known as Ātūlen and Ātūlīn ) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Seyyedabad - e Akrad ( Persian : سيداباداكراد‎ , also Romanized as Seyyedābād - e Āḵrād ; also known as Seyyedābād ) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District , Helali District , Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Fort Hall was built in 1834 as a fur trading post by Nathaniel Jarvis Wyeth on the Snake River in the eastern Oregon Country , part of southeastern Idaho in the present - day United States .
Croick ( Scottish Gaelic : A ' Chròic ) is a small crofting village , located in the right bank of the River Halladale in Forsinard , eastern Sutherland , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
The Donner und Blitzen River is a river on the eastern Oregon high desert which drains a relatively arid basin , the southern portion of Harney Basin , from roughly 20 to 80 miles ( 30 to 130 km ) south - southeast of Burns including Malheur National Wildlife Refuge .
The Jervey Athletic Center is a building in Clemson , South Carolina , on the campus of Clemson University .
Corporal Larry E. Smedley National Vietnam War Museum is located in Orlando , Florida in Orange County , Florida .
The Joseph A. Hemann House in Cincinnati , Ohio , was built in 1870 by Joseph A. Hemann ( 1816 - 1897 ) and served as his residence for about ten years .
Dezli Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دزلي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Budy Piaseczne ( ˈbudɨ pjaˈsɛt͡ʂnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Eerbeek is a settlement in the municipality of Brummen in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands .
Archbishop Williams High School is a co - educational Catholic school in Braintree , Massachusetts , USA .
Redeemer Lutheran College is a co - educational Lutheran primary and secondary school in Rochedale , Brisbane , Queensland .
Ahangaran - e Kaviani ( Persian : اهنگران كاوياني‎ , also Romanized as Āhangarān - e Kāvīānī ; also known as Āhangarān ) is a village in Hendmini Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Spit Nature Conservation Reserve is a 300 ha nature reserve on the north - western shore of Port Phillip , a large bay in Victoria , Australia .
Babol Kenar District ( Persian : بخش بابل‌ کنار‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Rönnöfors is situated in Krokom Municipality , 80 kilometres northwest of Östersund , the capital of Jämtland .
Little Falls Dam is a hydroelectric dam across the Mississippi River in the city of Little Falls , Minnesota , United States .
Interstate 691 ( abbreviated I-691 ) is a portion of the Interstate Highway System in Connecticut beginning at Interstate 91 in Meriden and ending at Interstate 84 near the Cheshire - Southington town line .
Immanuel School is significant for its association with the area 's parochial education of African - American children in the Aiken , South Carolina , ( USA ) , area from 1890 to 1932 .
Ardheslaig ( Scottish Gaelic : Àird Heisleag ) is a village in Highland , Scotland .
Yankee Rowe Nuclear Power Station ( decommissioned ) was a nuclear power plant in Rowe , Massachusetts , that operated from 1960 to 1992 .
KKWQ - FM 92.5 , is a small local radio station broadcasting from the border town of Warroad , Minnesota .
Martese is a `` frazione '' ( hamlet ) in the commune of Rocca Santa Maria in the Province of Teramo , Italy .
Sterling Forest State Park is a 21,935.08 acre ( 88.7 km2 ) park located in the Ramapo Mountains in Orange County , New York established in 1998 ; it is among the larger additions to the New York state park system in the last 50 years .
Warmiany ( varˈmjanɨ ) ( German : Schönwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Toporowice ( tɔpɔrɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mierzęcice , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The John Patton Log Cabin is a log home located in Lexington Park District Park in Lexington , Illinois .
Marnal ( Maranal , Kannada : ) is a panchayat village in Shorapur taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka state , India .
Round Lake National Natural Landmark lies within Green Lakes State Park , which lies a few miles east of the city of Syracuse , New York and adjoining the village of Fayetteville .
The West Silver Bell Mountains are a small 10 mile ( 16 km ) long mountain range of south - central Arizona , United States .
Pipestone Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KPQN , FAA LID : PQN ) is a city - owned public - use airport located one mile southeast of the central business district of Pipestone , a city in Pipestone County , Minnesota , United States .
KOOQ ( 1410 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Sports format to the North Platte , Nebraska , USA area .
Skidby Windmill is a Grade II * listed working windmill at Skidby near Beverley , in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Orăștie ( Romanian pronunciation : ( orəʃˈti.e ) ; German : Broos , Hungarian : Szászváros ) is a city in Hunedoara County , south - western Transylvania , Romania .
The Coalinga Oil Field is a large oil field in western Fresno County , California , in the United States .
Niterói ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( niteˈɾɔj ) ) is a municipality of the state of Rio de Janeiro in the southeast region of Brazil .
The Duck River Cemetery , also known as the Old Lyme Cemetery is the communal burying ground of the town of Old Lyme , Connecticut .
The Wing Luke Museum of the Asian Pacific American Experience ( informally , The Wing ) is a history museum located in Seattle , Washington 's Chinatown - International District .
Racewo ( raˈt͡sɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lushkan ( Persian : لوشكان‎ , also Romanized as Lūshkān , Looshkan , Lowshkān , and Lūshgān ) is a village in Ak Rural District , Esfarvarin District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Winged Foot Golf Club is a club with two 18-hole golf courses located in Mamaroneck , New York .
Bosco Chiesanuova ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈbosko ˌkjeːzaˈnwɔːva ) ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) west of Venice and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Verona .
Hoseynabad - e Kanj Kuh ( Persian : حسين ابادكنج كوه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād --e Kanj Kūh ; also known as Ḩoseynābād and ' ' oseynābād ) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Bechgi ( Persian : بچگي‎ , also Romanized as Bechgī ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Komodo National Park is a national park in Indonesia located within the Lesser Sunda Islands in the border region between the provinces of East Nusa Tenggara and West Nusa Tenggara .
Brzuchania ( bʐuˈxaɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów , within Miechów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Kleine Lonau is one of the two headstreams of the Lonau in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Kolebki ( kɔˈlɛpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Waterperry is a village beside the River Thame about 7 miles ( 11 km ) east of Oxford in Oxfordshire and close to the county boundary with Buckinghamshire .
Dikdan ( Persian : ديكدان‎ , also Romanized as Dīḵdān ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hyrum State Park is a state park and reservoir in Cache County , Utah , USA .
Providence Church ( today known as Kindred 's Antiques ) is a historic church building in Nicholasville , Kentucky .
Takyeh - ye Justan ( Persian : تكيه جوستان‎ , also Romanized as Takyeh - ye Jūstān ) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Aznavaleh Ganji ( Persian : ازناوله گنجي‎ , also Romanized as Aznāvaleh Gānjī and Aznāvleh Gānjī ; also known as Aznauleh , Aznāvaleh , and Aznāvleh ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mahidar - e Sofla ( Persian : ماهيدرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Māhīdar - e Soflá ; also known as Māhīdar , Māhī Dar - e Pā’īn , and Māhīdar - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Vizcaya Bridge ( Bizkaiko Zubia in Basque , Puente de Vizcaya in Spanish ) , is a transporter bridge that links the towns of Portugalete and Las Arenas ( part of Getxo ) in the Biscay province of Spain , crossing the mouth of the Nervion River .
Turaqayeh ( Persian : طوراقيه‎ , also Romanized as Tūrāqayeh ; also known as Ţūrāghāy ) is a village in Mehranrud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Shahrestan - e Sofla ( Persian : شهرستان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Shahrestān - e Soflá ; also known as Shahrestān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Rudbar - e Shahrestan Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Page - Walker Hotel , also known as The Page - Walker Arts & History Center is an historic house museum and former hotel located in Cary , North Carolina .
Lorkhani ( Persian : لرخاني‎ , also Romanized as Lorkhānī ) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kłosowo - Wybudowanie ( kwɔˈsɔvɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Baghjar ( Persian : باغجر‎ , also Romanized as Bāghjar and Bāgh - e Jar ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mont Pinçon is the highest point of the department of Calvados , in Normandy , with an elevation of 362 metres ( 1,188 ft ) .
The Hilton Baton Rouge Capitol Center is a historic hotel in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , originally built in 1927 as the Heidelberg Hotel .
Sudjan ( Persian : سودجان‎ , also Romanized as Sūdjān and Sūd Jān ; also known as Sayīd - ī - Gan , Sīdgān , Sūdeh Jān , and Sadkan ) is a city in Laran District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Walkerton District Secondary School ( WDSS ) was a public high school in the town of Walkerton , Ontario , Canada .
Besh Aghaj ( Persian : بش اغاج‎ , also Romanized as Besh Āghāj ; also known as Besh Āqāj and Bīsh Āghāch ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Edwards Gardens is a botanical garden located on the southwest corner of Leslie Street and Lawrence Avenue East in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Falmouth Pumping Station is a historic water pumping station on Pumping Station Road in Falmouth , Massachusetts .
Albany State University is a four - year , state - supported , historically black university ( HBCU ) located in Albany , Georgia , United States .
Hajj Bolagh ( Persian : حاج بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Bolāgh and Haj Bolagh ; also known as Ḩājī Bolāgh , Hājībulāgh , and Ḩājjī Bolāgh ) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District , in the Central District of Khvansar County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Provins ( French pronunciation : ​(pʁo.vɛ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Wola Mąkolska ( ˈvɔla mɔŋˈkɔlska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tawau Division is one of the five administrative sub - divisions of Sabah , east Malaysia , on the island of Borneo .
Omidiyeh County ( Persian : شهرستان امیدیه‎ ) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran .
Fen Ditton is a village on the northeast edge of Cambridge in Cambridgeshire , England .
Igder - e Sofla ( Persian : ايگدرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Īgder - e Soflá ; also known as Īgder - e Pā’īn and Īgūr - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Fajr Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Vesquneqan ( Persian : وسقونقان‎ , also Romanized as Vesqūneqān ; also known as Vasqūneqād and Vesqūneqāq ) is a village in Jasb Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Indiara is a city and municipality in central - south Goiás state , Brazil .
Mills University Studies High School is a secondary school in Little Rock , Arkansas serving students in grades 9 through 12 and is one of six high schools within the Pulaski County Special School District .
The First Church of Christ , Unitarian , also known as First Church of Christ , Lancaster and colloquially as `` the Bulfinch Church '' , is an historic congregation with its meeting house located at 725 Main Street facing the Common in Lancaster , Massachusetts .
Hintiu is a small village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma .
Massimeno is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northwest of Trento .
Doğanyol ( Kurdish : Keferdîz ) is a district of Malatya Province of Turkey .
Fresno Chandler Executive Airport ( IATA : FCH , ICAO : KFCH , FAA LID : FCH ) is a public use airport two miles ( 3 km ) west of the central business district of Fresno , in Fresno County , California , United States .
Panchgam is a village in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir state , India .
Riemke is a major district of the city of Bochum , Ruhr area , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Chah - e Meyshi ( Persian : چاه ميشي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Meyshī ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dari Ghazni ( Persian : دري غزني‎ , also Romanized as Darī Ghaznī ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wesley Barrow Stadium is a 650-seat baseball stadium located in the Pontchartrain Park section of New Orleans , Louisiana .
Roydon Hamlet is a hamlet in the Epping Forest District in the English county of Essex .
Manitoulin District is a district in Northeastern Ontario within the Canadian province of Ontario .
Bełszewo - Kolonia ( bɛu̯ˈʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Rwira is an agricultural village in the Commune of Rutovu in Bururi Province in southern Burundi .
Tereszewo ( tɛrɛˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chinkapook is a locality in Victoria , Australia , located approximately 67 km from Swan Hill , Victoria .
Kinross House is a late 17th - century country house overlooking Loch Leven , near Kinross in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Borzuchowo - Daćbogi ( bɔʐuˈxɔvɔ dat͡ɕˈbɔɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The East Bay Migratory Bird Sanctuary is a migratory bird sanctuary in Kivalliq , Nunavut , Canada .
Castle Hedingham is a village in northeast Essex , England , located four miles west of Halstead and 3 miles south - east of Great Yeldham in the Colne Valley on the ancient road from Colchester , Essex , to Cambridge .
Tharad ( historically known as Thirpur ) is a town in Tharad taluka in the Banaskantha district of the state of Gujarat in India .
The Vermeer Centre is an information center dedicated to the painter Johannes Vermeer and the work of his contemporaries in Delft , the Netherlands .
Sarneran ( Persian : سرنران‎ , also Romanized as Sarnerān ; also known as Sorkh - e Kān ( Persian : سرخکان ) ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Javid - e Mahuri Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جاويدماهورئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Central of Georgia Depot in Andalusia , Alabama is a historic train station that has been converted into the Three Notch Museum .
The Medicine Lake Wilderness is located in eastern Montana , in the United States .
Aqdaraq - e Jadid ( Persian : اق درق جديد‎ , also Romanized as Āqdaraq - e Jadīd ; also known as Āgh Daraq - e Jadīd ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Deh - e Luli ( Persian : ده لولي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Lūlī ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Dar ol Mizan ( Persian : دارالميزان‎ , also Romanized as Dār ol Mīzān and Dārolmīzān ) is a village in Dasht - e Laleh Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Las Gallinas Valley or Gallinas Valley is a geographical valley landform of Marin County , California , USA formed by Miller Creek .
Al - e Darvish ( Persian : ال درويش‎ , also Romanized as Āl - e Darvīsh and Āl Darvīsh ) is a village in Khamir Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Dizaj - e Jamshid Khan ( Persian : ديزج جمشيدخان‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj - e Jamshīd Khān ) is a village in Dizaj Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Govareshki ( Persian : گوارشكي‎ , also Romanized as Govāreshkī and Gavāreshkī ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Marist College Kogarah is an independent Catholic College for boys from Years 7 to 12 , located in Bexley , New South Wales , Australia .
KABQ - FM ( 104.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to the suburb of Bosque Farms , New Mexico , it serves the Albuquerque metropolitan area .
Khalajlar ( Persian : خلج لر‎ ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kačarevo ( Serbian and Macedonian : Качарево ) is a town in northern Serbia , situated in the municipality of Pančevo , South Banat District , Vojvodina province .
The Chatol also known as The Chance Guest House in Centralia , Missouri was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 .
Øvre Dividal National Park ( Northern Sami : Dieváidvuovddi álbmotmeahcci ; Norwegian : Øvre Dividal nasjonalpark ) lies in Målselv in Troms county , Norway .
The Aerial Lift Bridge ( earlier known as the Aerial Bridge or Aerial Ferry Bridge ) is a major landmark in the port city of Duluth , Minnesota .
Ieud ( Hungarian : Jód , Yiddish : יועד ) is a commune in Maramureș County in northern Romania .
Morad Chal ( Persian : مرادچال‎ , also Romanized as Morād Chāl ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Karłowice Wielkie ( karwɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Savareh - ye Babakan ( Persian : سواره بابكان‎ , also Romanized as Savāreh - ye Bābakān ; also known as Savāreh ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Churk Muzan ( Persian : چورك موزان‎ , also Romanized as Chūrk Mūzān ; also known as Chūrkeh Mūzan ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ganehbu ( Persian : گنه بو‎ , also Romanized as Ganehbū ; also known as Ganehvā and Jannatbū ) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District , Kalatrazan District , Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Lowlet ( Persian : لولت‎ ; also known as Lolet and Lūt ) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Benjamin Morton House , also known as the Morton - Bush House , is a historic brick home located at 4084 Kingston Pike in Knoxville , Tennessee , United States .
The Old Sheldon Church Ruins is a historic site located in northern Beaufort County , South Carolina , approximately 17 miles ( 30 km ) north of Beaufort in the Sheldon area .
Herrenchiemsee is a complex of royal buildings on Herreninsel , an island in the Chiemsee , Bavaria 's largest lake , 60 km south east of Munich .
Tallahassee Commercial Airport ( FAA LID : 68J ) is a closed privately owned airport located 8 miles ( 13 km ) northwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Tallahassee , the county seat of Leon County , Florida , United States .
Mhapan is a village surrounded by hillocks in Sindhudurg district , Maharashtra , India .
1 Macquarie Place ( also known as Gateway Plaza ) is a skyscraper on Macquarie Place in CBD of Sydney , Australia .
Sainte - Foy - l'Argentière est une commune dans le Rhône department en France France .
Xian County or Xianxian ( simplified Chinese : 献县 ; traditional Chinese : 獻縣 ; pinyin : Xìàn Xiàn ) is a county in the Cangzhou prefecture , in the Hebei province of China .
Ab Gazag ( Persian : اب گزگ‎ , also Romanized as Āb Gazag ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran . In the 2006 census , its population was 89 , with 15 families .
Turzonka ( tuˈʐɔnka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dehsur - e Sofla ( Persian : ده سورسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Dehsūr - e Soflá ; also known as Deh Soor , Deh Sūr , and Dehsūr - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Baranof Cross - Island Trail is an informal trail located across Baranof Island , Alaska from the community of Sitka to Baranof Warm Springs .
Renwu District or Jenwu District ( Chinese : 仁武區 ; pinyin : Rénwǔ Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Jen2-wu3 Ch'ü1 ) is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan .
Andselv is a village along the Andselva river in the urban area called `` Bardufoss '' in the municipality of Målselv , in Troms county , Norway .
The Key Lake mine is a former uranium mine in Saskatchewan , Canada , and the site of the largest uranium mill in the world .
Chesli ( Persian : چسلي‎ , also Romanized as Cheslī ; also known as Chaskī ) is a village in Masal Rural District , in the Central District of Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Quyular ( Persian : قويولار‎ , also Romanized as Qūyūlār ; also known as Qūylār ) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lake Sherburne is located in the Many Glacier region of Glacier National Park , in the U. S. state of Montana .
The Laughing Whitefish Falls Scenic Site is a waterfall and state park located in Onota Township and Rock River Township , in far western Alger County , Michigan .
The Joe R. and Teresa Lozano Long Center for the Performing Arts is a performing arts venue located along Lady Bird Lake in downtown Austin , Texas .
Koggenland is a municipality in North Holland province and the region of West - Frisia of the Netherlands .
The Tränenpalast ( English : `` Palace of Tears '' ) is the Berlin colloquialism for the former border crossing at Berlin Friedrichstraße station , where East Germans said goodbye to visitors going back to West Germany .
Baydon is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England about 10 miles ( 16 km ) south - east of Swindon .
Ahmadabad Culture and Technology Complex ( Persian : مجتمع كشت وصنعت احمداباد‎ -- Mojatamʿ Kasht va ṣanʿat Aḩmadābād ) is a cultural centre and village in Esmailabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baharestan County , Tehran Province , Iran .
South Kallikulam is a panchayat village located in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Hunterdon County Arboretum , covering 73 acres ( 30 ha ) , is an arboretum located at 1020 Route 31 in Lebanon , New Jersey , United States .
Kozaków ( kɔˈzakuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Highland Road Park Observatory or Baton Rouge Observatory is an astronomical observatory jointly operated by Louisiana State University 's astronomy department , Baton Rouge Astronomical Society , and The Recreation & Park Commission for the Parish of East Baton Rouge .
Herberstein Zoo ( German : Tierwelt Herberstein ) is a zoo at Schloss Herberstein in Styria , Austria .
Woskowice Górne ( vɔskɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bishop 's Stortford is a historic market town and civil parish in the district of East Hertfordshire in the county of Hertfordshire in England .
Battle Ground School District No . 119 is a public school district in Clark County , Washington , USA and serves the communities of Amboy , Battle Ground , Brush Prairie and Yacolt .
Cedariver , formerly known as The Baker Reservation , is a 55-acre ( 22 ha ) open space preserve located on the Charles River in Millis , Massachusetts .
Karpathos ( Greek : Κάρπαθος ) is the second largest of the Greek Dodecanese islands , in the southeastern Aegean Sea .
Cheshmeqan ( Persian : چشمقان‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeqān , Chashmaqān , and Cheshmaqān ; also known as Chashmaghan , Chasmaqān , Chechmukhan , Cheshmagān , Cheshmeshān , and Chishmushan ) is a village in Jushin Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Karikuzhi is a place in Kollam district of Kerala , India .
Battery Path ( Chinese : 炮台里 ) is a pedestrian - only footpath located beneath Government Hill in Central , Hong Kong .
The CSX Bellwood Subdivision James River Bridge is a plate girder bridge that carries the Bellwood Subdivision over the James River in Richmond , Virginia .
Guhrestan ( Persian : گوهرستان‎ , also Romanized as Gūhrsetān ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Old Camp Casino was a tribal casino near Burns , Oregon , United States , owned and operated by the Burns Paiute Tribe .
Sierra de Salinas is a mountain range in the California Coast Ranges , located in central Monterey County , California .
Sidford is a small village in the civil parish of and on the outskirts of the town of Sidmouth in the English county of Devon .
Sędańsk ( ˈsɛndaɲsk ) ( German : Seedanzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sunken Secrets , formerly the Underwater Archaeology Centre is a museum located in Fort Victoria on the Isle of Wight , England .
Lubavitch Senior Girls ' School is a Jewish secondary school and sixth form for girls , located in the Stamford Hill area of the London Borough of Hackney in England .
Bay of Refugo ( Portuguese : Baía do Refugo ) , literally the bay of scrap , is a natural bay within the coastal extent of the civil parish of Porto Judeu , in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo , on the Portuguese island of Terceira ( in the archipelago of the Azores ) .
Mount Buchon , also known as the San Luis Range , is a mountain range in San Luis Obispo County , California .
Charles Darwin National Park is in the Northern Territory of Australia , 4 km southeast of Darwin .
Susner is a town and a nagar panchayat and Sub division in Agar Malwa district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Sampheling Gewog ( Dzongkha : བསམ་འཕེལ་གླིང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Chukha District , Bhutan .
Boathouse Row is a historic site located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on the east bank of the Schuylkill River , just north of the Fairmount Water Works and the Philadelphia Museum of Art . It consists of a row of 15 boathouses housing social and rowing clubs and their racing shells .
The Berg en Broeksche Verlaat is a canal lock in Rotterdam between the River Rotte and 2 peat bogs .
Zhengzhou is a Chinese city and the provincial capital of Henan Province in east - central China .
Topographic map , 1:50,000 series , issued by the State Survey Office of Rhineland - Palatinate ( Landesvermessungsamt Rheinland - Pfalz ) , 1993 Brogberg in the landscape information system of the Rhineland - Palatinate Conservation Authority ( Naturschutzverwaltung Rheinland - Pfalz )
Verdellino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northeast of Milan and about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southwest of Bergamo .
Wood River Center Grange No . 87 , also known as Wood River Grange , in or near Shoshone , Idaho , was built in 1914 .
Amon Creek is the largest tributary of the Lower Yakima River in Benton County , Washington .
Davis Applied Technology College ( DATC ) is a public technical training institution located in Kaysville , Utah .
Bonkuy - e Jafari ( Persian : بنكوي جعفري‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e Ja``farī ) is a village in Korbal Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 331 , in 74 families .
Key West High School is a Monroe County public school in Key West , Florida , USA .
Qaralar - e Lotfollah ( Persian : قرالرلطف الله‎ , also Romanized as Qarālar - e Loţfollāh ; also known as Qarālar - e Loţfollāh Beyg ) is a village in Nazluy - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Confederate War Memorial in Dallas , Texas , is a monument commemorating the deeds of those who fought on the Confederate side of the American Civil War , including four of its greatest leaders .
The St. Johns Signal Tower Gas Station , located in the St. Johns neighborhood of north Portland , Oregon , is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Drużbice - Kolonia ( druʐˈbit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Partapil ( Persian : پرتپيل‎‎ , also Romanized as Partapīl ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Fajã dos Vimes is a permanent debris field , known as a fajã , built from the collapsing cliffs on the south coast of the civil parish of Ribeira Seca , in the municipality of Calheta , island of São Jorge , in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Visviri is a Chilean hamlet at the northern end of the country and the capital of the General Lagos commune in Parinacota Province , Arica and Parinacota Region .
Kaleh - ye Zard ( Persian : كله زرد‎ ) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mokrin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мокрин ) is the largest village in the Kikinda municipality , in the North Banat District of Serbia .
Trinity School for Ministry ( TSM ) , also known as Trinity Episcopal School for Ministry ( TESM ) , is an evangelical seminary in the Anglican tradition located in Ambridge , Pennsylvania , a suburb of Pittsburgh .
The Pacific Design Center , or PDC , is a 1,200,000 square feet ( 110,000 m2 ) multi - use facility for the design community located in West Hollywood , California .
Shenfield is a commuter suburb of Brentwood in the borough of the same name in Essex , England .
Shinrone ( Irish : Suí an Róin , meaning `` seat of the seal '' ) is a village in County Offaly , Ireland .
Alghur ( Persian : الغور‎ , also Romanized as Alghūr ; also known as Alqūr , Qara Angūr , and Qareh Angūr ) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Middle College High School at LaGuardia Community College ( MCHS ) is a public high school located on the campus of LaGuardia Community College in the Long Island City neighborhood in Queens , New York City , New York , United States .
Khvajehlar - e Sofla ( Persian : خواجه لرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khvājehlar - e Soflá ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubesharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Greater Hartford Academy of the Arts ( known formerly as The Greater Hartford Academy of the Performing Arts or GHAPA ) is an integrated magnet arts high school in Hartford , Connecticut .
The Teatro Comunale Ponchielli , as it has been known since 1986 , is an opera house located in Cremona , Italy .
Hardwicke Island is an island in British Columbia , Canada , measuring approximately 35 square kilometres .
Liahona Preparatory Academy is a regionally accredited private school in Utah County , Utah , United States , that offers instruction to students from pre - kindergarten through grade 12 .
Eklanda is a suburban neighbourhood with 3000 inhabitants in Mölndal Municipality , part of the Gothenburg urban area .
Bolayır is a town in the Gelibolu district of Çanakkale Province , situated on the Gallipoli Peninsula in the European part of Turkey .
Div Kola - ye Alimun ( Persian : ديوكلااليمون‎ , also Romanized as Dīv Kolā - ye Alīmūn ; also known as Alīmūn ) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District , in the Central District of Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Porters Lake Airport ( TC LID : CCF4 ) is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south of the community of Porters Lake , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Zagrobla ( zaˈɡrɔbla ) ( Ukrainian : Загребля , Zahreblia ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Brodowice ( brɔdɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Brödelwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna , within Lubin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Wiconisco Creek begins on a bend on a mountain in Porter Township , Schuylkill County .
The Spur Trail is a paved walking trail in San Mateo County , California , south of San Francisco .
Temple Bar Marina is a marina on Lake Mead in the U.S. state of Arizona .
Restoule is a community and designated place in geographic Patterson Township in the Centre Unorganized Part of Parry Sound District in Central Ontario , Canada .
97.7 Snow FM ( call sign : 2SKI ) is a commercial radio station in New South Wales , covering the areas of Cooma , Jindabyne , Thredbo , Perisher Blue and Charlotte Pass .
Çankırı Province ( Turkish : Çankırı ili ) is a province of Turkey , which lies close to the capital , Ankara .
Sundsøre is a village in the former Sundsøre municipality , since 1 January 2007 it is a part of Skive Municipality , Central Denmark Region in Denmark .
Hart 's Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Lawshall in the Babergh district in the county of Suffolk , England .
The John A. Finch Memorial Nurses Home in Spokane , Washington , also known as Finch Hall , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 .
Qaleh - ye Karbalai Mohammad Ali ( Persian : قلعه كربلايي محمدعلي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Karbalā’ī Moḩammad `` Alī ) is a village in Dasht - e Arzhan Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 32 , in 10 families .
Jark ( Persian : جرك‎ ) is a village in Horjand Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lower Machen ( Welsh : Machen Isaf ) is a small hamlet of 19 houses on the A468 road at the very western edge of the city of Newport , South Wales .
Los Realejos is a town and a municipality the northern part of the island of Tenerife , which forms part of the Canary Islands .
KOWB ( 1290 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a news talk information format licensed to operate in Laramie , Wyoming , USA .
Vaca Adobe or Vaca Dugout is a former settlement in what was then Tulare County , now Kings County , California .
Chakkere is a village in Ramanagara district , Channapatna Taluk , Karnataka , India .
Vatndalsvatnet or Vatnedalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Bykle in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
Matilda Bay ( known earlier as Crawley Bay , Sutherland 's Bay and Eliza Bay ) is a natural bay in the Swan River in Western Australia , adjacent to the Perth suburb of Crawley .
Aleksandër Moisiu University or University of Durrës , officially Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës ( Albanian : Universiteti `` Aleksandër Moisiu '' Durrës ; short : UAMD ) is the newest public academic institution of the Republic of Albania .
The Michaelis Ranch is a historic cattle ranch located near Kyle , Texas , United States .
Kinkaid Lake is a reservoir located in southwestern Illinois .
Danielle Seward represented Heart 's Delight - Islington in the Miss Teen Newfoundland & Labrador Pageant in 2007 .
James C. Petrillo Music Shell or simply Petrillo Music Shell or Petrillo Bandshell as it is more commonly known , is an outdoor amphitheater / bandstand in Grant Park in the Loop community area of Chicago in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Kuhsarat Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كوهسارات‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Atlas Life Building is a historic twelve - story building in downtown Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Rodoanel Mário Covas ( official designation SP-021 ) is the planned ( and partially built ) beltway of the Greater São Paulo , Brazil .
KRWC ( 1360 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Buffalo , Minnesota , USA .
La Salle College High School is an independent , Catholic , college preparatory school for boys located in Wyndmoor , a community in Springfield Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , United States , outside Philadelphia within the Archdiocese of Philadelphia .
Tell Ain Saouda is a small neolithic , archaeological tell , approximately 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) south of Tell Neba'a Litani , Lebanon .
Fresvikbreen is a glacier on the south side of the Sognefjord in the municipality of Vik in Sogn og Fjordane , county , Norway .
Rocky Sullivan 's is a New York City Irish style pub opened in 1996 by the musician Chris Byrne ( Seanchai and the Unity Squad , Black 47 and Paddy - A - Go - Go ) and the journalist Patrick Farrelly ( HBO 's Left of the Dial , Irish Voice , Michael Moore 's TV Nation ) .
Drzonków ( ˈdʐɔnkuf ) ( German : Drentkau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Kizhakkambalam is a GramaPanchayath in the Ernakulam district of Kerala , India , an eastern suburb of Cochin city .
Yulee Sugar Mill Ruins Historic State Park is a Florida State Park located in Homosassa , off U.S. 19 .
Dover Air Force Base or Dover AFB ( IATA : DOV , ICAO : KDOV , FAA LID : DOV ) is a United States Air Force base located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southeast of the city of Dover , Delaware .
Edlalanka or Yedlalanka or Edlanka or Pata Edlalanka is a village in Avanigadda Mandal in Krishna district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Semlac ( Hungarian : Szemlak ) is a commune located in Arad County , in the western part of Romania , near the border with Hungary , is situated in the south - western part of the Arad Plateau , in the large valley of the Mureș River .
KAHZ is a radio station licensed to Pomona , California , USA which broadcasts in Mandarin Chinese , simulcasting with KAZN - Pasadena .
Lungro ( Arbëreshë : Ungra ) is an Italian municipality inhabitants in the Province of Cosenza in Calabria .
Duvesjön ( or Slätten ) is a locality situated in Kungälv Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 247 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Eastern Ring Road is a proposed Link between the South Arm Highway and the East Derwent Highway , within the greater area of Hobart , Tasmania .
Tolombeh - ye Aqa Mohammad ( Persian : تلمبه اقامحمد‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Āqā Moḩammad ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Siyang County ( simplified Chinese : 泗阳县 ; traditional Chinese : 泗陽縣 ; pinyin : Sìyáng Xiàn ) is under the administration of Suqian , Jiangsu province , China .
Closeburn Castle is a tower house , probably of the 14th century , but possibly older , and is one of the oldest continually inhabited houses in Scotland .
Honeoye Lake Boat Launch State Park is located at Honeoye Lake , one of the Finger Lakes in western New York in the USA .
Valparai is a Taluk and hill station in the Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Area code 530 is a California telephone area code covering Auburn , Chico , Colfax , Davis , Grass Valley , Marysville , Oroville , Paradise , Placerville , Redding , Red Bluff , Susanville , Truckee , Woodland , Yuba City and South Lake Tahoe .
Larissa ( Greek : Λάρισα ( ˈlarisa ) ) is the capital and largest city of the Thessaly region of Greece and capital of the Larissa regional unit .
Stocklinch is a village and civil parish 3.5 miles ( 6 km ) north - east of Ilminster in the South Somerset district of Somerset , England .
Harazpey - ye Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هرازپي غربي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
WJLE ( 1480 AM ) and WJLE - FM ( 101.7 FM are a pair of American radio stations broadcasting a country music format . The duopoly is licensed to Smithville , Tennessee . The stations are currently owned by the Center Hill Broadcasting Corporation .
The Böd of Gremista , situated at the north end of Lerwick , Shetland , Scotland , is a typical 18th century Shetland fishing booth ( or böd ) .
Glebe Center , also known as Glebe Shopping Center , is a historic shopping center located in the Ballston neighborhood of Arlington County , Virginia .
Pomianów Dolny ( pɔˈmjanuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Pez - e Olya ( Persian : پزعليا‎ , also Romanized as Pez - e ʿOlyā ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Illano ( Eonavian : Eilao ) is a municipality in the Principality of Asturias Spanish autonomous community .
Teaneck High School ( known as The Castle on the Hill ) is a four - year comprehensive public high school in Teaneck , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as the lone secondary school of the Teaneck Public Schools .
Addinston is a farming village , off the A697 , close to the Carfraemill roundabout , with two hill forts and settlements , in Lauderdale in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , in the former Berwickshire .
Danebury is an Iron Age hill fort in Hampshire in England , about 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north - west of Winchester ( grid reference SU323376 ) .
Lauttasaari ( Drumsö in Swedish ) is an island and neighbourhood of Western Helsinki ( Helsingfors in Swedish ) , about 5 kilometres west of the city centre .
Camberwell ( /ˈkæmbəˌwɛl/ ) is a district of south London , England , and mostly forms part of the London Borough of Southwark .
Pittsburg , Kentucky is an unincorporated community and coal town in Laurel County , Kentucky .
Harvey Whalen House is a historic home located in the town of Penfield in Monroe County , New York .
Qarah Khvojalu ( Persian : قره خوجالو‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Khvojalū and Qarah Khvojālū ) is a village in Zangebar Rural District , in the Central District of Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Amhuinnsuidhe Castle is a large private country house on the Isle of Harris , one of the Western Isles of Scotland .
Dudhsagar Falls ( literally Sea of Milk ) is a four - tiered waterfall located on the Mandovi River in the Indian state of Goa .
The Desjardins Canal , named after its promoter Pierre Desjardins , was built to give Dundas , Ontario , easier access to Lake Ontario and the Great Lakes system of North America .
Drum Hill High School , also known as Drum Hill Senior Living Community , is a historic school located at Peekskill , Westchester County , New York .
WVAM is the ESPN Radio affiliate of Altoona , Pennsylvania .
Har Sinai Congregation is a Reform Jewish synagogue located in Owings Mills , Maryland .
Korf Poshteh - ye Galeshi ( Persian : كرف پشته گالشي‎ , also Romanized as Korf Poshteh - ye Gāleshī ; also known as Karaf Poshteh ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Richmond Union Passenger Railway , in Richmond , Virginia , was the first practical electric trolley ( tram ) system , and set the pattern for most subsequent electric trolley systems around the world .
Wallabout Bay is small body of water in Upper New York Bay along the northwest shore of the New York City borough of Brooklyn , between the present Williamsburg and Manhattan bridges , opposite Corlear 's Hook on Manhattan to the west , across the East River .
Aq Band ( Persian : آقبند‎ , also Romanized as Āq Band ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Dashli Borun District , Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Château de Saint Aubin is a historic château in Saint - Aubin - sur - Loire , Saône - et - Loire , Burgundy , France .
The A. Walsh Stone House and Farm Complex is located along NY 94 in the Orange County town of Cornwall , New York , USA .
Percival Street ( Chinese : 波斯富街 ; pinyin : Bōsīfù Jiē ) is a street in the East Point and Happy Valley , Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
Monond - e Bala ( Persian : منندبالا‎ , also Romanized as Monond - e Bālā ; also known as Monond and Manūn ) is a village in Qohestan Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Darreh - ye Seyeh Tapi ( Persian : دره سيه طپي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Seyeh Ţapī ) is a village in Damen Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wola Zambrzycka ( ˈvɔla zamˈbʐɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kechi Gerd ( Persian : كچي گرد‎ , also Romanized as Kechī Gerd and Kachī Gerd ; also known as Gachī Gerd and Kachigird ) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District , Serishabad District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tunapuna - Piarco Regional Corporation is a local government body in Trinidad and Tobago .
Abramowice Prywatne ( abramɔˈvit͡sɛ prɨˈvatnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głusk , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Horsehay is a village on the western outskirts of Dawley , which , along with several other towns and villages , now forms part of the new town of Telford in Shropshire , England .
Juan Ramón Loubriel Stadium ( Spanish : Estadio Juan Ramón Loubriel ) is a soccer - specific stadium located in Bayamón , Puerto Rico .
The Burroughs is a place in Hendon , and a civic district of London Borough of Barnet .
Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University Sports Stadium currently referred to as Xerox Stadium , due to a naming rights deal , and commonly referred to as NMMU Stadium , is an athletics stadium in Protea Road , on the South Campus of Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University in Port Elizabeth , South Africa .
Shengsi County is a county of Zhoushan , China .
Absar ( Persian : ابصار‎ , also Romanized as Ābṣār ) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Siena Reno is a hotel and former casino in Reno , Nevada .
La Roche College is a private college in McCandless , a suburb of Pittsburgh in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
Kamran - e Rahman ( Persian : كامران رحمان‎ , also Romanized as Kāmrān - e Raḥmān ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Johnstone Gallery was a leading private gallery located in the suburb of Bowen Hills in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Zeist ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈzɛist ) ) is a municipality and a town in the central Netherlands , located east of the city of Utrecht .
Sixhills is a village in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England , about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south - east from Market Rasen .
Berkeh Lari ( Persian : بركه لاري‎‎ , also Romanized as Berkeh Lārī , Barkeh Lari , and Berkeh - ye Lārī ) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Frankenhardt is a rural Gemeinde ( municipality ) in the district of Schwäbisch Hall in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
The Bulloo River is an isolated drainage system in western Queensland , central Australia .
Principal Riverwalk is a recreational park district along the banks of the Des Moines River in Des Moines , Iowa .
Verměřovice ( Ger . Wetzdorf ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District , Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
WVRW ( 107.7 FM ) is a broadcast radio station licensed to Glenville , West Virginia , and serving the Glenville , Grantsville , Burnsville , & Weston area of Central West Virginia .
Pir Qasem ( Persian : پيرقاسم‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Qāsem ) is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Beulah Church of Christ Cemetery is a historic church cemetery associated with the Beulah Church of Christ near Welcome , Davidson County , North Carolina .
Sisab ( Persian : سيساب‎ , also Romanized as Sīsāb ) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ägelsee ( or Egelsee ) is a small lake in the municipality of Zeiningen , Canton of Aargau , Switzerland .
Ilan Kash ( Persian : ايلان كش‎ , also Romanized as Īlān Kash and Īlānkosh ; also known as Ilinkyash ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Boreland is a village in Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland , which is located in Eskdale about 7 miles ( 11 kilometres ) north of Lockerbie on the B723 road to Eskdalemuir .
Purna Daichapra ( also known as Lahkar Para ) is a village of Nalbari district in Western Assam .
Jastrzębie - Zdrój is currently situated in the Silesian Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Katowice Voivodeship ( 1975 - -1998 ) .
Alagoas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( alɐˈɡoɐs ) ) is one of the 27 states of Brazil and is situated in the eastern part of the Northeast Region .
Mała Wieś przy Drodze ( ˈmawa ˈvjɛɕ ˈpʂɨ ˈdrɔd͡zɛ ) ( `` small village by the road '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nahr - e Mian Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نهرميان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Myrtle Heights - Oak Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Myrtle Beach in Horry County , South Carolina .
The Two Brothers Rocks - Dudley Road Historic District encompasses a historically significant rural area of Bedford and Billerica , Massachusetts .
Pachoły ( paˈxɔwɨ ) ( German : Pachollen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Coeur d'Alene Mission of the Sacred Heart is a historic church mission school off U.S. 95 in Desmet , Idaho .
McDonogh School is a private , coeducational , K-12 , college - preparatory school founded in Owings Mills , Maryland , USA in 1873 .
Kassisaba ( Estonian for `` Cat 's Tail '' ) is a subdistrict ( asum ) in the district of Kesklinn ( Midtown ) , Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Wyndham Court is a block of social housing in Southampton , England .
Hajjiabad - e Muzi ( Persian : حاجي ابادموزي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Mūzī ; also known as Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Shapur Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dunbar Village is a 246-unit public housing community located within the North Tamarind neighborhood of West Palm Beach , Florida .
2ST was an AM radio station serving the Shoalhaven and Southern Tablelands regions of New South Wales , Australia , broadcasting on the frequency 999 kHz .
Edward A. LeLacheur Park is a baseball park located on the banks of the Merrimack River in Lowell , Massachusetts .
Canada Malting Silos is one of two remaining silos in Toronto 's Harbourfront in Ontario , Canada .
Lea County Regional Airport ( IATA : HOB , ICAO : KHOB ) ( Lea County - Hobbs Airport ) is four miles ( 6.4 km ) west of Hobbs , in Lea County , New Mexico .
Potagannissing Bay is a shallow , island - strewn bay on Lake Huron in Algoma District , Ontario , Canada and Chippewa County , Michigan , United States .
The Peyton Randolph House , also known as the Randolph - Peachy House , is a historic house museum at Nicholson and North England Streets in Colonial Williamsburg , Virginia .
Logo Anseba Subregion is a subregion in the western Gash - Barka Region ( Zoba Anseba ) of Eritrea .
Woodchester is a Gloucestershire village in the Nailsworth ( or Woodchester ) Valley , a valley in the South Cotswolds in England , running southwards from Stroud along the A46 road to Nailsworth .
Echo Brickell is an approved skyscraper for construction in Downtown Miami .
Rainbow Springs State Park is a Florida State Park located on U.S. 41 , three miles ( 5 km ) north of Dunnellon , Florida .
The Norconian Resort Supreme is a former hotel / resort in Norco , California , built in the 1920s , largely intact after over 70 years as a naval base and prison .
Główczyno ( ɡwufˈt͡ʂɨnɔ ) ( German Egloffstein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Chausath Yogini Temple , Morena , an ancient temple , also known as Ekattarso Mahadeva Temple , `` hypetheral on plan '' located in Morena district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh , is one of the few such Yogini temples in the country which is in a very good condition .
Trzebież ( ˈtʂɛbjɛʂ ) ( formerly German Ziegenort ) - is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Shahrak - e Gharbi ( Persian : شهرك غربي‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Gharbī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Andy Dekaney High School is a public secondary school located at 22351 Imperial Valley Drive at Bammel Road in unincorporated Harris County , Texas , United States , with a ZIP code of 77073 .
Ox Hill Battlefield Park is a site in Fairfax , Virginia , where the Battle of Ox Hill ( Union name Battle of Chantilly ) was fought during the American Civil War .
Carvill Hall , also known as Carvill 's Prevention or Salter 's Load or Packerton , is a historic home located at Chestertown , Kent County , Maryland .
The Seddinsee is a lake in the south - eastern outskirts of Berlin , the capital city of Germany .
Mutkowo ( mutˈkɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Skene Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in Skene , part of the Presbytery of Gordon .
Turner Fenton Secondary School is the Peel District School board 's largest high school in Peel region , located in Brampton , Ontario .
Commune of Mabanda is a commune of Makamba Province in southern Burundi .
Ligush ( Persian : ليگوش‎ , also Romanized as Līgūsh ) is a village in Tavabe - e Kojur Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Reedsport Community Charter School is a public school in Reedsport , Oregon , United States that serves middle- and high school - aged students .
Raritan Valley Community College ( RVCC ) is an accredited , coeducational , two - year , public , community college located in North Branch ( within Branchburg Township ) , New Jersey .
Transacqua is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) east of Trento .
The Stone Mountain Airport ( FAA LID : 00A ) , later also known as Stone Mountain Britt Memorial Airport ( after the owner 's wife ) , was a small privately run public - use airport located in Stone Mountain , Georgia ( east - northeast of the mountain ) from around 1963 until 1996 .
Kusnyshcha ( Ukrainian : Кусни́ща , Polish : Kuśniszcze ) is a village in the Liuboml Raion ( district ) in Volyn Oblast ( province of Western Ukraine ) .
Veranaaso is a large village on the northwest coast of Guadalcanal , Solomon Islands .
The Waterbury Union Station building is located on Meadow Street in the city of Waterbury , Connecticut , United States .
Talgar ( Kazakh : Талғар ( tɑlˈɣɑr ) ; Russian : Талгар ) is a town in Almaty Region , southeastern Kazakhstan .
Ginigera ( Kannada : ಗಿಣಿಗೆರಾ ) is a village in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Collegedale Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KFGU , FAA LID : FGU , formerly 3M3 ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of the central business district of the Collegedale , a city in Hamilton County , Tennessee , United States .
Krykajny ( krɨˈkai̯nɨ ) ( German : Krickehnen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Clarke 's Beach is a town on Conception Bay in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Hunejan ( Persian : هونجان‎ , also Romanized as Hūnejān and Hunjān ; also known as Hinijān ) is a village in Esfarjan Rural District , in the Central District of Shahreza County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Great Bend Station was an Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railway station in Great Bend , Kansas .
Taylors Island Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area near the community of Taylors Island on the Eastern Shore of the state of Maryland , USA .
Catford is a district of south east London , within the London Borough of Lewisham .
Skinner Butte ( also called Skinner 's Butte ) is a prominent hill on the north edge of downtown Eugene , Oregon , United States , near the Willamette River .
Hajjati ( Persian : حاجتي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjatī ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Folwarki Wielkie ( fɔlˈvarki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Old Middletown High School building in Middletown , Connecticut , in the United States , occupies the southwest corner of Court and Pearl streets .
Atuona Airport or Hiva Oa Airport ( IATA : AUQ , ICAO : NTMN ) is an airport located 4.5 kilometres ( 2.8 mi ) northeast of Atuona , on the island of Hiva Oa , in the Marquesas Islands of French Polynesia .
S. B. Elliott State Park ( also known as Simon B. Elliott State Park ) is a 318-acre ( 129 ha ) Pennsylvania state park located in Pine Township , Clearfield County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Koplin ( ˈkɔplin ) ( German : Kopplinsthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Shark River Park is located in the townships of Neptune , Wall and Tinton Falls in coastal New Jersey and is part of the Monmouth County Park System .
Walowa Góra ( vaˈlɔva ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Golden Nugget Las Vegas is a luxury hotel and casino located in Las Vegas , Nevada on the Fremont Street Experience .
Arosa is a town and a municipality in the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland .
Vestre Bjonevatnet is a small lake in the municipalities of Ringerike in Buskerud county and Søndre Land and Gran in Oppland county , Norway .
Marangattupilly is a small village and headquarters of Marangattupally Grama Panchayat(Ph : 04822 - 251037 ) in Kottayam district , Kerala .
Dazkırı is a town and district of Afyonkarahisar Province in the Aegean region of Turkey , 140 km from the city of Afyon on the road to Denizli .
The Strawberry Islands are a small chain of four islands located on the Wisconsin side of Green Bay between Chambers Island and Peninsula State Park .
Řisuty ( German : Risut ) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Kołczewo ( kɔu̯ˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) ( German Kolzow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Pyzówka ( pɨˈzufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Niesułków ( ɲeˈsuu̯kuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lake Afton Public Observatory ( LAPO ) is an astronomical observatory located nine miles ( 14 km ) from Cheney , Kansas , in the Lake Afton County Park .
Slide Rock State Park is a state park of Arizona , USA , taking its name from a natural water slide formed by the slippery bed of Oak Creek .
Burbur - e Sofla ( Persian : بوربورسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Būrbūr - e Soflá ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Chassahowitzka River is a spring - fed river located in southwestern Citrus County , Florida .
Leśniówka ( lɛɕˈɲufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorkówka , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Robert P. Parker House is a house located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park , Illinois , United States .
Moszczona Pańska ( mɔʂˈt͡ʂɔna ˈpaɲska ) ( Ukrainian : Мощена Панська , Moshchena Pans’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec - Stacja , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Mazulangeh ( Persian : مازولنگه‎ , also Romanized as Māzūlangeh ) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Aylburton is a village and civil parish in the Forest of Dean district of Gloucestershire , England , on the A48 road about two miles south - west of Lydney .
Irakalgada also spelled as Irkalgada ( Kannada : ಇರಕಲ್ ಗಡ ) is a village near Bewoor in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Concordia Seminary is located in Clayton , Missouri , an inner - ring suburb on the western border of St. Louis , Missouri .
Sannai - Maruyama site ( 三内丸山遺跡 ) is a Jōmon period archaeological site in Aomori , Aomori Prefecture , Japan .
Appleford / Parsons - Banks Arboretum ( 24 acres ) is a non - profit arboretum and country estate located at 770 Mount Moro Road , Villanova , Pennsylvania .
Tollos ( Valencian and Spanish : ( ˈtoʎos ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat , Alicante , Valencia , Spain .
Lobdell Estate , Minquadale Home , also known as the Minquadale Home for Aged Men , was a historic home and retirement home located at Wilmington , New Castle County , Delaware .
Manacor ( Catalan pronunciation : ( mənəˈkɔ ) ) is a town and municipality on the island of Mallorca , part of the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands .
Hualaihué ( Spanish pronunciation : ( wailaiˈwe ) ) is a Chilean commune located in Palena Province , Los Lagos Region .
Creech St Michael is a village and civil parish in Somerset , three miles east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Brunswick South Primary School ( BSPS ) is a government primary school located in Brunswick East , a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Smiths Falls is a town in Eastern Ontario , Canada , with a population of 8,978 according to the 2011 census .
Visby ( ˈviːspʏ ) is a locality and the seat of Gotland Municipality in Gotland County , Sweden with 23,576 inhabitants , as of 2012 .
B.C. Women 's Hospital & Health Centre , an agency of the Provincial Health Services Authority ( PHSA ) , is a Canadian hospital located in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , specializing in women 's health programs .
CFXM - FM 104.9 MHz is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a French language commercial easy listening format in Granby , Quebec .
Jazgarka ( jazˈɡarka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rotherbridge is a small , rural community situated approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south - west of Petworth in West Sussex , England .
Godda district ( Hindi : गोड्डा जिला ) is one of the twenty - four districts of Jharkhand state in eastern India .
The Joseph H. Gray House , at 457 Court St. in Reno , Nevada , United States , is a historic house that was built in 1911 .
Fieldway tram stop is a light rail stop serving the Fieldway residential area of New Addington , in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London .
Chicago , Rock Island and Pacific Railroad - Wilton Depot is an historic structure located in Wilton , Iowa , United States .
GSO Stadium or Gymnastic Club Olympia Stadium ( Greek : Γυμναστικός Σύλλογος Ολύμπια ; Γ.Σ.Ο. ) was a stadium in Limassol , Cyprus .
Piqua High School is a public high school in Piqua , Ohio and is the only high school in the Piqua City Schools district .
King Airfield Hangar is a historic airplane hangar on Middleboro Avenue in Taunton , Massachusetts near the Taunton Municipal Airport .
Gapi ( Persian : گپي‎ , also Romanized as Gapī , Gepī , and Gappī ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Chapeshlu District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Aq Qayah ( Persian : اق قايه‎ , also Romanized as Āq Qayah ; also known as Agh Ghayeh , Āqāyeh , and Āq Qīyeh ) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
WRRO is a non - commercial FM broadcasting station which is licensed to Edon , Ohio and is owned by Club 1915 Inc based in Bryan , Ohio .
Yingkou ( simplified Chinese : 营口 ; traditional Chinese : 營口 ; pinyin : Yíngkǒu ) is a prefecture - level city of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Governador Lindenberg is the name of a Brazilian municipality in the southeastern state of Espírito Santo .
Mambra is a small village , half in the Ernakulam district and half in the Thrissur district of Kerala , south India .
Montezooma 's Revenge is a steel shuttle roller coaster at Knott 's Berry Farm in Buena Park , California .
Bayonne Board of Education is a comprehensive public school district serving students from pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Bayonne in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Gol - e Cheydar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گلچيدر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Khodadad ( Persian : كلاته خداداد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Khodādād and Kalateh Khodadad ; also known as Kalāt - e Khodādād , Khodādād , and Qalāteh Khūdādād ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Museum of Banat ( Romanian : Muzeul Banatului ) is a museum in Timișoara , Romania , headquartered in Huniade Castle .
Khalenjah ( Persian : خالنجه‎ , also Romanized as Khālenjah ) is a village in Khezel - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Wittersham is a village and civil parish , part of the misnomer once part of a delta , the Isle of Oxney , which is simply low land close to the Rother , near Tenterden , south of Ashford in Kent , South East England .
Great Blue Hill ( Native Americans called it Massachusett ) is a hill of 635 feet ( 194 m ) located within the Blue Hills Reservation in Milton and Canton , Massachusetts 10 miles ( 15 km ) southwest of downtown Boston .
The Choiseul Province is one of the nine provinces in Solomon Islands .
Earle Page College is a residential college of the University of New England located in Armidale , New South Wales , Australia .
Cheshmeh Reza ( Persian : چشمه رضا‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Reẕā ) is a village in Abravan Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Central Westmoreland Career and Technology Center , or CWCTC , is located in New Stanton , Pennsylvania .
CFDM - FM ( 105.7 FM ) is a community radio station serving the Flying Dust First Nation and the adjacent town of Meadow Lake , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Sibford ( or The Sibfords ) is the collective name given to the villages of Sibford Gower , Sibford Ferris and Burdrop on the edge of the Cotswolds in north Oxfordshire .
The Arnolfini is an international arts centre and gallery in Bristol , England .
Lucentum is the name of the Roman predecessor of the city of Alicante , Spain .
Roundhouse Park is a 17 acre ( 6.9 ha ) park in Downtown Toronto in the former Railway Lands .
Pakszynek ( pakˈʂɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Forterra ( formerly Cascade Land Conservancy ) , based in Seattle , Washington , US , is the state of Washington 's largest land conservation , stewardship and community building organization dedicated solely to the region .
Vahanavank ( Armenian : Վահանավանք ) is a 10th-11th century Armenian monastic complex located approximately 5 kilometers west of the town of Kapan in the Syunik Province of Armenia , situated at the foot of Tigranasar mountain along the right bank of the Voghdji River .
Suma Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` water at the suum plant '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing 39.60 square kilometres ( 15.29 sq mi ) of land and located roughly 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) northeast of the city of Mérida .
Amelia Earhart Airport ( FAA LID : K59 ) is a city - owned airport two miles west of Atchison , in Atchison County , Kansas .
Southern Nazarene University ( SNU ) is a Christian liberal arts college located in Bethany , Oklahoma , United States .
Wola Szczygiełkowa ( ˈvɔla ʂt͡ʂɨɡʲɛu̯ˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Duczów Wielki ( ˈdut͡ʂuf ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Salang District ( Persian : سالنگ‎ , Pashto : سالنګ‎ ) is a district of Parwan Province , Afghanistan .
Baranlu ( Persian : بارانلو‎ , also Romanized as Bārānlū ; also known as Bārā'lū ) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District , Khosrowshahr District , Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pain Shad Deh ( Persian : پايين شادده‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Shād Deh ; also known as Pā’īn Shādeh , Shādeh , and Shady ) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lake Walcott is a reservoir in south central Idaho in the northwestern United States , impounded by Minidoka Dam .
Khir Sar ( Persian : خيرسر‎ , also Romanized as Khīr Sar ; also known as Kareh Sar , Kashk Sarā , and Khīreh Sar ) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dan Kwian ( Thai : ด่านเกวียน ) is a village and subdistrict in Chok Chai District , Nakhon Ratchasima Province .
Bałachy ( baˈwaxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipusz , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vujinovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вујиновићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Venaria Reale ( Piemontese : La Venerìa ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) northwest of Turin .
It is located in the middle of the Magelang Regency , between Mount Merbabu and Mount Sumbing in Central Java Province , Indonesia .
UNC Health Care is a not - for - profit medical system owned by the State of North Carolina and based in Chapel Hill , North Carolina at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The Gaylord Nelson Wilderness is a 35,000-acre ( 142 km2 ) wilderness area located within Apostle Islands National Lakeshore , off the Bayfield Peninsula of northern Wisconsin .
Naval Station Mayport ( IATA : NRB , ICAO : KNRB , FAA LID : NRB ) is a major United States Navy base in Jacksonville , Florida .
The Paul H. Jensen Arctic Museum was a museum focused on the culture and environment of the Arctic in Monmouth in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Enoggera Barracks ( also known as Gallipoli Barracks ) is an Australian Army base in the northwestern Brisbane suburb of Enoggera in Queensland .
Haras de Meautry in Touques , Calvados , Basse - Normandie , France , is a thoroughbred horse breeding farm .
Shib Kalayeh ( Persian : شعيب كلايه‎ , also Romanized as Shʿīb Kalāyeh ; also known as Sīb Kalāyeh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Langhorne Historic District , also known as `` Attleborough , '' is a national historic district located in Langhorne , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Groblica ( ɡrɔˈblit͡sa ) ( German : Niederdamm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Osetno Małe ( ɔˈsɛtnɔ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Söke is a town and a large district of Aydın Province in the Aegean region of western Turkey , 54 km ( 34 miles ) south - west of the city of Aydın , near the Aegean coast .
Miodówko ( mjɔˈdufkɔ ) ( German : Honigswalde ; before 1908 : Mniodowko ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Shir Savar ( Persian : شيرسوار‎ , also Romanized as Shīr Savār ) is a village in Gatab - e Shomali Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sanddrif is a town in Richtersveld Local Municipality in the Northern Cape province of South Africa , on the banks of the Orange River .
Upper Meeting House of the Baptist Church of Middletown ( also known as Holmdel Community Church of the United Church of Christ ) is a historic church at 40 Main Street in Holmdel Township , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
Jejkov is a town district in Třebíč .
Babino Selo ( Cyrillic : Бабино Село ) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mirza Delibašić Hall ( Bosnian , Croatian and Serbian : Dvorana Mirza Delibašić / Дворана Мирза Делибашић ) , commonly known as Skenderija ( Скендерија ) , is an indoor sporting arena located in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
St Peter 's Tilton on the Hill ( Church of England ) and Halstead Methodist Chapel .
Gorna Vasilitsa ( Bulgarian : Горна Василица ) is a village in Sofia Province in southwestern Bulgaria , located in the Kostenets Municipality .
Dineh Sar ( Persian : دينه سر‎ , also Romanized as Dīneh Sar ) is a village in Farim Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Westinghouse Lamp Plant located in Bloomfield , New Jersey , was one of the lamp manufacturing plants of Westinghouse Electric Corporation .
WSEM ( 1500 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format , simulcasting WMGR 930 AM Bainbridge , Georgia .
Eslamabad - e Fenderesk ( Persian : اسلام ابادفندرسك‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Fenderesk ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Dennis Otte Round Barn is a round barn in the U.S. state of Illinois near the unincorporated Stephenson County community of Eleroy .
Tilly , Arkansas is an unincorporated community in Smyrna Township , Pope County , Arkansas , United States near the head of the Middle Fork of the Little Red River .
Newton - in - Bowland is a village in Lancashire , England , formerly known as Newton - on - Hodder .
Chay Seqerlu ( Persian : چاي سقرلو‎ , also Romanized as Chāy Seqerlū ; also known as Chāy Segherlū ) is a village in Rezaqoli - ye Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The NEO - China Top City Main Tower is a 795 ft ( 242 m ) tall skyscraper in the Jiulongpo District within the city of Chongqing , China .
Shit - e Kamarzard ( Persian : شيت كمرزرد‎ , also Romanized as Shīt - e Kamarzard ; also known as Shīţ ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Grand - Bourg is a commune on the island of Marie - Galante , in the French overseas region and department of Guadeloupe in the Lesser Antilles Caribbean .
Sutivan ( Croatian pronunciation : ( sûtivaːn ) ) is a town on the island of Brač , Split - Dalmatia County , Croatia .
Sayyed Jaber ( Persian : سيدجابر‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Jāber ) is a village in Tarrah Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Howell Mountain AVA is an American Viticultural Area located within Napa Valley AVA of California .
Deh Kohneh - ye Zafari ( Persian : ده كهنه ظفري‎ , also Romanized as Deh Kohneh - ye Z̧afarī and Deh Kohneh - ye Ẕafarī ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District , in the Central District of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Jubilee College State Park is an Illinois state park located 6 miles west of Peoria , Illinois .
Taigum Square Shopping Centre is a sub - regional shopping centre located in Taigum , a suburb of Brisbane in the state of Queensland , Australia .
Wollochet Bay is the name of a narrow long and shallow bay in southern Puget Sound in the state of Washington .
KBRP - LP ( 96.1 FM , `` Radio Free Bisbee '' ) is a community - oriented radio station licensed to serve Bisbee , Arizona .
Kaki District ( Persian : بخش کاکی‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Jakomäki ( Swedish : Jakobacka ) is a quarter , part of Suurmetsä neighbourhood in Helsinki , Finland .
San Martino al Tagliamento ( Slovene : Šmartin ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northeast of Pordenone .
Śmiary ( ˈɕmjarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rouge River Bridge is a series of 170 metres ( 560 ft ) spans carrying traffic on Highway 401 ( Ontario ) over the Rouge River ( Ontario ) .
Pueblo Alto ( `` High Village '' in Spanish ) is an Ancestral Puebloan great house and archaeological site located in Chaco Culture National Historical Park , northwestern New Mexico , United States .
Kamienicka Huta ( kamjɛˈnit͡ska ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Terre - de - Bas is a commune in the French overseas department and region of Guadeloupe , in the Lesser Antilles .
Natland is village and civil parish about two miles ( 3 km ) south of Kendal in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria , close to the village of Oxenholme .
The Cadell and Blyth Floodplains consist of the 432 square kilometres ( 167 sq mi ) floodplain of the lower reaches of the Blyth and Cadell Rivers of northern Arnhem Land in the Top End of the Northern Territory of Australia .
The Trafalgar Hotel is a hotel in London , owned by Hilton Hotels & Resorts .
Keygavar ( Persian : كيگاور‎ , also Romanized as Keygāvar , Keykāvar , Kīkāvar , and Kīkāvor ) is a village in Manjilabad Rural District , in the Central District of Robat Karim County , Tehran Province , Iran .
WBWX is an AM broadcasting station licensed to the city of Berwick , Pennsylvania and serves the immediate Berwick / Bloomsburg radio market .
St. Michael the Archangel Ukrainian Catholic Church is a Ukrainian Catholic church of located in Baltimore , Maryland .
West Chop Light is a lighthouse station located at the entrance of Vineyard Haven Harbor in Tisbury , Massachusetts on the northern tip of West Chop , a few miles from the village of Vineyard Haven .
Sherwood Country Club is a private , member owned golf and country club in Lake Sherwood , California set at the base of the Santa Monica Mountains just south of city of Thousand Oaks .
Balladonia Land District is a land district ( cadastral division ) of Western Australia mostly within the Eucla Land Division .
Insole Court is a Grade II * Listed Victorian Gothic mansion in Llandaff , Cardiff , Wales , dating back to 1856 .
Chah Riz ( Persian : چه ريز‎ , also Romanized as Chah Rīz ; also known as Chahrīz ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Standlake is a village and civil parish about 5 miles ( 8 km ) southeast of Witney and 7 miles ( 11 km ) west of Oxford , England in the district of West Oxfordshire .
Lalain ( Persian : لالائين‎ , also Romanized as Lālā’īn ; also known as Īralaīn and Lālān ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Shrawley is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire , England .
Lucky Club Casino and Hotel is a casino and 118 room hotel located on 6.1 acres ( 2.5 ha ) in North Las Vegas , Nevada .
Emstrey is a dispersed hamlet on the outskirts of Shrewsbury , in the English county of Shropshire .
Luras ( Sardinian : Lùras , Gallurese : Lùris ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Olbia - Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 190 kilometres ( 120 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) west of Olbia .
Cherry Creek Shopping Center , also known as Cherry Creek Mall , is an upscale shopping mall about three and half miles southeast of downtown Denver , Colorado in the Cherry Creek Neighborhood .
All Souls ' Church , Blackman Lane , in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England is a large Victorian Church of England parish church .
Kulavan ( Persian : كولوان‎ , also Romanized as Kūlavān ; also known as Kolavān ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ucklum is a locality situated in Stenungsund Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 255 inhabitants in 2010 .
Njeganovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Његановићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Electric Fountain is a water fountain in Beverly Hills , California .
The Charles E. Johnson Building is a building located in northeast Portland , Oregon , United States , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Khalileh Deh ( Persian : خليله ده‎ , also Romanized as Khalīleh Deh ) is a village in Ujan - e Sharqi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Casa de Tucumán ( meaning `` House of Tucumán '' in Spanish , officially Casa Histórica de la Independencia ) is a historic building and museum located in San Miguel de Tucumán , Argentina , built during the colonial times .
Nowe Dobki ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈdɔpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Palau Reial de Pedralbes ( Catalan pronunciation : ( pəˈɫaw rəˈjaɫ də pəˈðɾaɫβəs ) , English : `` Pedralbes Royal Palace '' ) is a building placed in the middle of an ample garden in the district of Les Corts , in Barcelona .
Dun Sar ( Persian : دون سر‎ , also Romanized as Dūn Sar ; also known as Dūneh Sar ) is a village in Gatab - e Shomali Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Waumbek Cottages Historic District is a historic district at 13 , 18 , 25 , 36 Cottage Road and 14 , 38 Starr King Road in Jefferson , New Hampshire .
Camp Myles Standish was a U.S. Army camp located in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Sobkowice ( sɔpkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Corsenside is a village in Northumberland , England alongside the A68 road about 17 miles ( 27 km ) north of Corbridge .
The Boott Mills in Lowell , Massachusetts were an part of an extensive group of cotton mills , built in 1835 alongside a power canal system in this important cotton town .
John 's Island Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located on Johns Island , Charleston County , South Carolina .
St Mawgan Monastery was a monastery at St Mawgan in Cornwall , UK , originally of Celtic monks and after the Norman Conquest of Cluniac monks .
Chafa ( Persian : چفا‎‎ , also Romanized as Chafā ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Sierra Ancha ( `` broad range '' in Spanish ) is a mountain range in Gila County , in central Arizona .
Kidbrooke is a district of south east London , located in the Royal Borough of Greenwich .
Jarluty Duże ( jarˈlutɨ ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Imbsheim is a village and a former commune in the Bas - Rhin department , eastern France .
Fruit Market ( Chinese : 果欄 ) , also known as Yau Ma Tei Fruit Market ( 油麻地果欄 ) and Yau Ma Tei Wholesale Fruit Market , is a wholesale fruit market in Yau Ma Tei , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Cheshmeh Derazeh ( Persian : چشمه درازه‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Derāzeh ) is a village in Khezel - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Wiggenhall St Mary Magdalen is a civil parish and village in the English county of Norfolk .
Šeki ( pronounced ( ˈʃeːki ) ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Croatia .
Bagholi is a village situated in Jhunjhunu district , in the Indian state of Rajasthan surrounding by the great Aravali hills .
The Monticello AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the central Piedmont region of the Commonwealth of Virginia .
Jabramowo ( jabraˈmɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Tamchal ( Persian : تمچال‎ , also Romanized as Tamchāl and Tomchal ; also known as Temīchāl , Tīmchāl , and Yatamchal ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Łatno ( ˈwatnɔ ) ( German : Altenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brojce , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Place Benoît - Crépu is a stone - paved square , located in Saint - Georges quarter , on the banks of the Saône ( Vieux Lyon ) , in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon .
Chagrin Falls High School is a public high school located in Chagrin Falls , Ohio , United States , an eastern suburb in the Greater Cleveland metropolitan area .
The Duquesne Gardens was the main sports arena located in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , during the first half of the 20th century .
Karsang ( Persian : كرسنگ‎ ; also known as Garsanak and Karsanak ) is a village in Vardanjan Rural District , Ben District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Tarkhanlar ( Persian : ترخانلار‎ , also Romanized as Tarkhānlār ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Larz Anderson Park is a wooded , landscaped , and waterscaped 64-acre ( 26 ha ) parkland in Brookline , Massachusetts that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Hunts Point Riverside Park is a riverside park located in the South Bronx neighborhood of New York City .
Wellsburg Wharf is a historic wharf located at Wellsburg , Brooke County , West Virginia .
Sejubsar ( Persian : سجوبسر‎ , also Romanized as Sejūbsar ; also known as Seh Jūbsar ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Llanrhos ( also called Eglwys Rhos ) is a village to the east and south of Llandudno in the Conwy County Borough , Wales .
Carzano ( Carzan in local dialect ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) east of Trento .
Berma - ye Ashrostaq ( Persian : برماعشرستاق‎ , also Romanized as Bermā - ye `` Ashrostāq ; also known as Bermā ) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District , Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 97 , in 30 families .
Capillas is a Spanish municipality located in the province of Palencia , Castile and León .
Neptune High School is a comprehensive four - year community public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Neptune Township , in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States , operating as part of the Neptune Township Schools .
Sabadlu ( Persian : سبدلو‎‎ , also Romanized as Sabadlū ; also known as Sabadly ) is a village in Shuy Rural District , in the Central District of Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Diedrich Busch House , is located on the east side of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Arroyo Sequit Park is a unit within the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area , located at 34138 Mulholland Highway , inland from Malibu in southeastern Ventura County , California .
Khomar Baghi ( Persian : خمارباغي‎ , also Romanized as Khomār Bāghī ; also known as Khasār Bāghī , Khomār Bāqi , and Khomār Bāqī ) is a village in Esfandan Rural District , in the Central District of Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Wales Millennium Centre ( ) is an arts centre located in the Cardiff Bay area of Cardiff , Wales .
KAJM ( 104.3 FM , `` Mega 104.3 '' ) is a commercial Urban Adult Contemporary music radio station in Camp Verde , Arizona , broadcasting to Phoenix , Arizona .
Skronina ( skrɔˈnina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Congress created the Chama River Canyon Wilderness in New Mexico in February 1978 .
Niezabitów - Kolonia ( ɲezaˈbituf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
WABE FM 90.1 is a radio station in Atlanta , Georgia , that is affiliated with National Public Radio ( NPR ) and Public Radio International ( PRI ) .
Sotunki ( Swedish : Sottungsby ) is a district of the city of Vantaa , Finland .
Podklasztor ( pɔtˈklaʂtɔr ) ( English : `` Under - monastery '' ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnobród , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Levi Jackson Wilderness Road State Park is a state park located just south of London , Kentucky in Laurel County .
Miranpur or Meerapur is a town and a nagar panchayat in Muzaffarnagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The suburbs contains Maeroa Intermediate School , which became the first intermediate school in the Waikato Region after being founded in 1954 .
Hohensalzburg Castle ( German : Festung Hohensalzburg , literally `` High Salzburg Fortress '' ) sits atop the Festungsberg , a small hill in the Austrian city of Salzburg .
Hill End railway station was on the Great Northern Railway branch from Hatfield to St Albans in Hertfordshire , England .
Deh - e Parkak ( Persian : ده پركك‎ ; also known as Deh - e Parak ) is a village in Hudian Rural District , in the Central District of Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Uranquinty is a small town approximately 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) south of Wagga Wagga , in the Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia .
Kąty Pierwsze ( ˈkɔntɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczebrzeszyn , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sedlatice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈsɛdlacɪtsɛ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Rishivandiyam(ரிஷிவந்தியம் ) is a town panchayat in the Viluppuram district.in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
West Windsor - Plainsboro Regional School District is a comprehensive regional public school district in New Jersey , United States , serving students from West Windsor Township ( in Mercer County ) and Plainsboro Township ( in Middlesex County ) .
Bożanów ( bɔˈʐanuf ) ( German : Eckersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
In 2004 the City of Miami Miami - Dade County approved Island Gardens , a $ 281 million , hotel and marina development on Watson Island .
Alvord Hot Springs is a geothermal spring located near the southeastern corner of the state of Oregon in the United States .
Darrehi ( Persian : دره اي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh’ī ; also known as Areh , Arreh , and Darreh ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hayrat is a town and district of Trabzon Province , located in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Lakota East High School is a high school in the Lakota School District which comprises both West Chester Township and Liberty Township in the suburbs of Cincinnati , Ohio .
The Robinson Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by the University of Central Florida College of Sciences in Orlando , Florida , USA .
Moqam ( Persian : مقام‎ , also Romanized as Moqām ) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tarom - e Gur Sefid ( Persian : طارم گورسفيد‎ , also Romanized as Ţārom - e Gūr Sefīd ; also known as Ţārom and Ţabībābād ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Sadlenko ( saˈdlɛnkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Gustine Airport ( FAA LID : 3O1 ) is a public airport located two miles ( 3.2 km ) east of Gustine , serving Merced County , California , USA .
It is in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ( Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ) of Lisberg , lying in the Steigerwald ( forest ) .
The Center for National Response is a 2,802 feet ( 854 m ) two - lane vehicular tunnel opened November 8 , 1954 as part of the West Virginia Turnpike .
Lake Munmorah or Munmorah Lake , a lagoon that is part of the Tuggerah Lakes , is located within the Wyong Shire local government area in the Central Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Fanhams Hall is an 18th - century Queen Anne House - style country house in Ware , Hertfordshire in the south east of England .
Hällesåker is a locality situated in Mölndal Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 357 inhabitants in 2010 .
Sucina is a village in Murcia six to eight kilometres from San Javier and near the airport .
Le Musée de Saint - Boniface Museum is a museum in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada that is dedicated to Franco - Manitoban culture and history .
Sir Robert Borden High School ( SRB ) is a high school located on Greenbank Road in Ottawa , Ontario .
The Capital Crescent Trail ( CCT ) is an 11-mile ( 18 km ) long , shared - use rail trail that runs from Georgetown in Washington , D.C. , to Silver Spring , Maryland .
Klichy ( ˈklʲixɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Клихи , Klykhy ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ravindazaq ( Persian : رويندزق‎ , also Romanized as Ravīndazaq ; also known as Ravīndūzaq and Qūnāq Qerān ) is a village in Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Steinvikholm Castle ( Steinvikholm slott ) is an island fortress on the Skatval peninsula near Stjørdal , in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Joaquin Miller House , also known as The Abbey and The Hights , in Oakland , California , United States was the home of poet Joaquin Miller .
The Mary Terán de Weiss Stadium ( Spanish : Estadio Mary Terán de Weiss ) , commonly known as Parque Roca due to its location within the limits of the Parque Polideportivo Roca , is a multipurpose stadium in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The Murphy - Hill Historic District encompasses the oldest residential portion of the city of El Dorado , Arkansas .
Sydney Mines ( Scottish Gaelic : Mèinnean Shidni ; 2011 population : 14,135 ) is a community and former town in Nova Scotia 's Cape Breton Regional Municipality .
WMGL ( branded as `` Magic @ 107.3 '' ) is a radio station that plays an urban adult contemporary in the Charleston , South Carolina area .
Lake Samish is a lake south of Bellingham , Washington .
Richard Hall ( Miami University ) is a dormitory on the Central Quad of Miami University 's Oxford , Ohio campus .
Dutch Fork High School is a school in the Lexington & Richland County School District Five system , located in Irmo , South Carolina , United States .
The Turk Site ( 15CE6 ) is a Mississippian culture archaeological site located near Bardwell in Carlisle County , Kentucky , on a bluff spur overlooking the Mississippi River floodplain .
Raadi - Kruusamäe , or Raadi for short , is a neighbourhood of Tartu , Estonia .
Derince is a seaport , town and district of Kocaeli Province of Turkey .
Brampton Bierlow , often known as Brampton , is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham , South Yorkshire , England .
Gughar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گوغر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Noonday Gun ( Chinese : 午炮 ) is a former naval artillery piece mounted on a small enclosed site near the Causeway Bay Typhoon Shelter on Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
San Felipe Plaza is a 46-story tower located west of the Uptown Houston district in Houston , Texas , United States .
Stokes State Forest is a state park located in Sandyston , Montague and Frankford in Sussex County , New Jersey , United States .
Fillmore Towne Theatre is located at 338 Central Avenue in Fillmore , California and is a central landmark of the town .
Château de Falgueyrac is a château located in the commune of Saint - Chamassy in Dordogne , Aquitaine , France , in the Perigord Noir , seven kilometers from Le Bugue , and two kilometers from Le Buisson - de - Cadouin .
Rekken is a small village in the Dutch municipality of Berkelland .
The Hammonasset River is formed about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) southeast of Durham , Connecticut along a gully on the north end of Bunker Hill at about a half mile northeast of the junction of Route 148 and Bunker Hill Road .
Burgard Vocational High School is a vocational high school located in Buffalo , New York , USA .
Trebartha is a hamlet in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , in the parish of North Hill and in the valley of the River Lynher .
The Stormont II is a cable ferry operating in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
Shelley Street ( Chinese : 些利街 ) is a street in Central , Hong Kong .
Club 33 is the only location within Disneyland Park to offer alcoholic beverages , although the park has a park - wide liquor license and has set up bars for private events -- and alcohol is served at several locations within Disney California Adventure ( DCA ) .
Edgemont Church is a historic Christian Church ( Disciples of Christ ) church building located near Christiansburg , Montgomery County , Virginia .
Selkirk Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CKC5 ) , is an aerodrome located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) north of Selkirk , Manitoba , Canada .
Karbalayi Mohseni ( Persian : كربلائي محسني‎ , also Romanized as Karbalāyī Moḩsenī ) is a village in Sigar Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hincaster is a small hamlet and civil parish in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria , England , located between Kendal and Milnthorpe .
Perlis is the smallest state in Malaysia .
The Redding Center Historic District is a 55-acre ( 22 ha ) located in Redding , Connecticut , encompassing its historic village center .
Owińska ( ɔˈviɲska ) ( German : Treskau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Osp ( pronounced ( ˈoːsp ) ; Italian : Ospo ) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Philip and Uriah Arter Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Union Mills , Carroll County , Maryland .
Meshgin Jiq ( Persian : مشگين جيق‎ , also Romanized as Meshgīn Jīq ; also known as Meshkīn Jeq and Meshkīn Jīq ) is a village in Ujan - e Sharqi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rozpętek ( rɔsˈpɛntɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ptusza ( ˈptuʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnówka , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sunoco 's Fulton ethanol plant in Fulton , New York is the first such facility owned by the company .
Zawrocie - Nowiny ( zaˈvrɔt͡ɕe nɔˈvinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Dej Marij ( Persian : دجمریج‎ , also Romanized as Dej Marīj and Dej Merīj ; also known as Dech Merīch and Dezh Mārīj ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Solent Way is a 60 mile long - distance footpath in Hampshire , southern England .
The Babbs Switch fire on December 24 , 1924 killed thirty - six people in a one - room school house at Babbs Switch , Oklahoma .
Geikie Gorge National Park is a national park in the Kimberley region of Western Australia , 1,837 kilometres ( 1,141 mi ) ( great circle distance ) northeast of Perth and approximately 420 km ( 261 mi ) east of Broome by road .
Skiereszewo ( skʲɛrɛˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Doñihue ( Spanish pronunciation : ( doˈɲiwe ) ) is a Chilean city and commune in Cachapoal Province , O'Higgins Region .
North Kensington is an area of west London forming the northern part of Notting Hill , lying north of Notting Hill Gate and south of Harrow Road .
Liss ( previously spelt Lys or Lyss ) is a village and civil parish in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire , England .
The Belledune Generating Station is a 450 MW coal - fired electrical generating station located in the community of Belledune in Gloucester County , New Brunswick .
The Will Rogers Memorial Museum is a 19,052-square - foot ( 1,770 m2 ) museum in Claremore , Oklahoma that memorializes entertainer Will Rogers .
Ake ( or Aké in Spanish orthography ) is an archaeological site of the pre - Columbian Maya civilization , located in the municipality of Tixkokob , in the Mexican state of Yucatán ; 40 km ( 25 mi ) east of Mérida , Yucatán .
Salinas Valley State Prison ( SVSP ) is a 300-acre ( 120 ha ) California state prison located 5 miles north of Soledad , in Monterey County , California , adjacent to Correctional Training Facility .
UAB Hospital is a Level I trauma center hospital located in Birmingham , Alabama .
De Klomp is a location in the municipality of Ede , with a railway station called `` Veenendaal - De Klomp railway station '' .
Dundullimal Homestead is a colonial slab hut type homestead located about 7 km south of Dubbo , New South Wales , on Obley Road and the Macquarie River .
WPLM - FM ( 99.1 FM , `` Easy 99.1 '' ) is an Adult Contemporary station serving the Boston , Massachusetts , New Bedford - Fall River , Massachusetts , and Cape Cod radio markets from Plymouth , Massachusetts .
The Bo Yang Museum ( Chinese : 柏楊文物馆 ; pinyin : Bǎiyáng Wénwùguǎn ) is a museum in West Central District , Tainan , Taiwan .
Frogmore Mound Site ( 16 CO 9 ) is an archaeological site of the Late Coles Creek culture in Concordia Parish , Louisiana .
Salmon Lane Lock is a lock on the Regent 's Canal , in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
Kent Trails is a fifteen - mile rail trail in Kent County , Michigan that runs through the cities of Grand Rapids , Grandville , Walker , Wyoming and Byron Township and is part of a network of trails in and around Grand Rapids .
Słubica Dobra ( swuˈbit͡sa ˈdɔbra ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Northland Mall was a shopping mall located on the north side of Columbus , Ohio , at the intersection of Morse Road and Karl Road .
The Basilica of St. Castor ( German : Basilika St. Kastor or Kastorkirche ) is the oldest church in Koblenz in the German state of Rhineland Palatinate .
Frankfort Community High School ( FCHS ) is a public high school located in West Frankfort , Illinois serving grades 9 through 12 .
Parkland College is a two - year community college in Champaign , Illinois , a member of the Illinois Community College System serving Community College District 505 .
Livan - e Sharqi ( Persian : ليوان شرقي‎ , also Romanized as Līvān - e Sharqī ) is a village in Livan Rural District , Now Kandeh District , Bandar - e Gaz County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Jurmey Gewog ( Dzongkha : འགྱུར་མེད་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Mongar District , Bhutan .
Salty Brine State Beach is a state - operated recreation area on Block Island Sound in the town of Narragansett , Rhode Island .
Mount Royal Chalet ( French : Chalet du Mont - Royal ) is a building located near the summit of Mount Royal in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Musée Fabre is a museum in the southern French city of Montpellier , capital of the Hérault département .
Dizran ( Persian : ديزران‎ , also Romanized as Dīzrān ; also known as Deh Zarūn , Dīzān , and Dizroon ) is a village in Kahduiyeh Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
East Torrey Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest , in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east side of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range .
The Calvert Marine Museum is a maritime museum , founded in 1970 , located in Solomons , Maryland .
The Paradise Casino is a small casino located in Yuma , Arizona .
The Oak Island Lighthouse is next to the United States Coast Guard station in Caswell Beach , North Carolina and is owned by the Town of Caswell Beach .
Putney School of Art and Design ( PSAD ) is an art college in Putney , a suburb of southwest London , England .
Hoaden is a hamlet situated one mile ( 1.6 km ) to the east of Elmstone , Kent , England .
The Margate City Schools are a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Margate City , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Pierzyny Małe ( pjɛˈʐɨnɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Causse du Larzac is a limestone karst plateau in the south of the Massif Central , France , situated between Millau ( Aveyron ) and Lodève ( Hérault ) .
Kaputy ( kaˈputɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Archbishop Coleman F. Carroll High School is a private , Roman Catholic high school in The Hammocks , unincorporated Miami - Dade County , Florida .
Eletipadu is located in the West Godavari Dist , Andhra Pradesh , India , just west of the river Godavari .
Wellington Point State High School is a coeducational secondary school located on Badgen Road in Wellington Point , Queensland ; a locality of Redland Shire .
The Discovery Children 's Museum ( LDCM ) is a 58,000-square - foot ( 5,400 m2 ) facility located in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Tang - e Rahin ( Persian : تنگ راهين‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Rāhīn ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Robert A. and Mary Childs House is a historic Queen Anne Style residence in Hinsdale , Illinois originally owned by Robert A. Childs .
New Boston Air Force Station is a United States Air Force facility located in Hillsborough County in south central New Hampshire .
The Shire of Plantagenet is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia , managed from the town of Mount Barker , 360 kilometres ( 224 mi ) south of Perth and 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) north of Albany .
Cazadores Correntinos is a village and railway station in the Curuzú Cuatiá Department , Corrientes Province , Argentina .
Siror ( German : Siraur ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) east of Trento .
Dezekan ( Persian : دزكان‎ , also Romanized as Dezekān ; also known as Dezak , Dezeh Kān , Zākā , and Z̄erreh Kā ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Seh Hezar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سه هزار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Aguiar de Sousa is a Portuguese parish of the municipality of Paredes .
Greater Brunswick Charter School ( GBCS ) is a free , public charter school serving grades kindergarten through eighth located on 429 Joyce Kilmer Avenue in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
Wichita East High School , known locally as East , is a public , co - educational secondary school located near the center of Wichita , Kansas , United States .
Beartown Mountain is in the Clinch Mountain range , which is in eastern Russell County , Virginia , United States .
Łańczyno ( waɲˈt͡ʂɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Hesar - e Qazi ( Persian : حصارقاضي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Qāẕī and Ḩeşār Qāẕī ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Nowe Przytuły ( ˈnɔvɛ pʂɨˈtuwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzekuń , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sântandrei ( Hungarian : Biharszentandrás ) is a commune in Bihor County , northwestern Romania .
Oak Hill Farm is a historic farm and former antebellum plantation in Tipton and Haywood Counties in Tennessee .
The Brittany Apartment Building is a historic apartment building in downtown Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
The River Vale Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade in River Vale , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Klukowicze - Kolonia ( klukɔˈvit͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec - Stacja , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Sutton upon Derwent is a small village and civil parish on the River Derwent in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) to the south - east of York .
Tizeng ( Persian : تيزنگ‎ , also Romanized as Tīzeng ; also known as Tīr Rīn and Tīr Zīn ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Juanita 's Cafe and Bar ( often just Juanita 's ) is a well - known venue and restaurant in Little Rock , Arkansas .
Cambuskenneth Abbey is a ruined Augustinian monastery located on an area of land enclosed by a meander of the River Forth near Stirling in Scotland .
Messel is a municipality in the district of Darmstadt - Dieburg in Hesse near Frankfurt am Main in Germany .
Apalachicola Regional Airport ( IATA : AAF , ICAO : KAAF , FAA LID : AAF ) is a county owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) west of the central business district of Apalachicola , a city in Franklin County , Florida , United States .
Chancellor State College is a public , co - educational , day school located in the suburb of Sippy Downs , Queensland , Australia .
Duluth Heights is one of the largest neighborhoods ( in terms of area ) in the city of Duluth , Minnesota , United States .
The Central Mine Methodist Church is a church located on Old Stage Road in Central , Michigan , in the Central Mine Historic District .
Red Hill volcanic field , also known as Quemado volcanic field , is a monogenetic volcanic field located in the vicinity of the ghost town of Red Hill in Catron County New Mexico .
Mierziączka ( mjɛrˈʑɔnt͡ʂka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Strzemeszna ( stʂɛˈmɛʂna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Cheshmeh Murd Baraber ( Persian : چشمه مورد برابر‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mūrd Barāber ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District , in the Central District of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Experimental Lakes Area ( ELA ) is an internationally unique research station encompassing 58 formerly pristine freshwater lakes in Kenora District Ontario , Canada .
La Scala ( pronounced ( la ˈskaːla ) ; abbreviation in Italian language for the official name Teatro alla Scala ( teˈaːtro alla ˈskaːla ) ) is an opera house in Milan , Italy .
Enfield Square Mall , formerly Westfield Shoppingtown Enfield Square , is an enclosed shopping mall located in Enfield , Connecticut .
West Point Mill is a reproduction of the historic gristmill on the Eno River in north Durham , North Carolina .
Sukeh ( Persian : سوكه‎‎ , also Romanized as Sūḵeh ) is a village in Keshvar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
W. R. Byron Airport ( FAA LID : 44CA ) is a privately owned , private use airport in Riverside County , California , United States .
FK Viktoria Stadion , officially known as eFotbal Arena for sponsorship reasons , is a multi - use stadium in Prague , Czech Republic .
Ton Pao ( Thai : ต้นเปา ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of San Kamphaeng District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Mildura Senior College is a public college for Year 11 & 12 students in the Sunraysia area of Victoria .
Rancho Simi was a Spanish land concession in Alta California given in 1795 to Francisco Javier Pico , a soldier of the Santa Barbara company , and his two brothers , Patricio Pico and Miguel Pico by the Spanish government .
The Lower Exum Ridge Route is the lower section of a technical rock climbing route up the Grand Teton 's Exum Ridge in Wyoming .
Karrab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كراب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Karyun ( Persian : كاريون‎ , also Romanized as Kāryūn ; also known as Karpūn and Kāryām ) is a village in Bostan Rural District , Sangan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gobeyr - e Zahir ( Persian : گبيرزهير‎ , also Romanized as Gobeyr - e Zahīr ; also known as Gobairé Zahiyeh , Goberḩīyeh , Gobeyr , and Gobeyr - e Zahīyeh ) is a village in Jahad Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Halwell is a small village located within the South Hams district council area , in Devon , South West England .
Chua Buu Mon is a Buddhist Temple located on Proctor Street in Port Arthur , Texas .
Brandywine Airport ( IATA : OQN , ICAO : KOQN , FAA LID : OQN ) is a public - use airport in West Goshen Township , Pennsylvania , three miles northeast of West Chester .
KJTY is a non - commercial Christian FM radio station in Topeka , Kansas , operating on 88.1 MHz . The station broadcasts with 35,000 watts from a 584 foot tower giving it a strong signal throughout eastern Kansas .
Lorain County Speedway is an auto racing track located in Amherst Township , Lorain County , near South Amherst , Ohio , USA opened in 1949 as a 1/3 mile dirt oval .
Guelma District is an Algerian district in Guelma Province , in northeastern Algeria .
The Jefferson Proving Ground ( or JPG ) , located near Madison , Indiana , was principally a munitions testing facility of Test and Evaluation Command of the United States Army Materiel Development and Readiness Command .
Chruślina ( xruˈɕlina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Poundbury is an experimental new town or urban extension on the outskirts of Dorchester in the county of Dorset , England .
Cathedral Arcade is a heritage shopping arcade in Melbourne , Victoria .
The North Canadian River is a tributary of the Canadian River , approximately 441 miles ( 710 km ) long , that flows through New Mexico , Texas and Oklahoma in the United States .
Rozwadza ( rɔzˈvad͡za ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zdzieszowice , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Noble Woods Park is a wooded city park in Hillsboro , Oregon , United States .
Costock has a Church of England primary school .
Chah - e Heydar Pain ( Persian : چاه حيدرپائين‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Ḩeydar Pā’īn ) is a village in Mardehek Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hilltop Country Day School is an independent , nonsectarian coeducational day school located in Sparta , in Sussex County , New Jersey , United States .
Beytollahi ( Persian : بيتالهي‎ , also Romanized as Beytollāhī ) is a village in Kuhenjan Rural District , Kuhenjan District , Sarvestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Skoczykłody ( skɔt͡ʂɨˈkwɔdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pott 's Ford Bridge is a bridge 1/2 mile south of Glasco , Kansas , USA that spans West Creek in Cloud County , Kansas .
Nętno ( ˈnɛntnɔ ) ( German : Nuthagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ilsanseo - gu ( literally `` Western Ilsan district '' ) is a district in Goyang , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
The Barrie Public Library is the library system of Barrie , Ontario with two branches , one which opened in 1996 in downtown Barrie , near the City Hall , and the new Painswick branch near Yonge Street and Big Bay Point Road , opened in Fall 2011 .
The Candelária Church ( Portuguese : Igreja da Candelária , pronounced : ( iˈgɾeʒɐ ðɐ kɐ̃deˈlaɾjɐ ) ) is an important historical Roman Catholic church in the city of Rio de Janeiro , in southeastern Brazil .
Motamedabad ( Persian : معتمداباد‎ , also Romanized as Mo``tamedābād ; also known as Majīdābād ) is a village in Solgi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 125 , in 33 families .
Maskulińskie ( maskuˈliɲskʲɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane - Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
St. Maries Masonic Temple No . 63 , also known as St. Maries Masonic Lodge No . 63 , is an historic Masonic building located at 208 S. 8th Street in St. Maries , Idaho .
Gard ( French pronunciation : ​(ɡaʁ ) ; Occitan : Gard ) is a department in southern France in the Languedoc - Roussillon - Midi - Pyrénées region .
Prełuki ( prɛˈwukʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Прелуки , Preluky ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza , within Sanok County , in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship ( province ) of south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Dom Bosco is a Brazilian municipality in the north of the state of Minas Gerais .
Mount Graham International Observatory ( MGIO ) is a division of Steward Observatory , the research arm for the Department of Astronomy at The University of Arizona .
The Golden Gate National Recreation Area ( GGNRA ) is a U.S. National Recreation Area protecting 80,002 acres ( 32,376 ha ) of ecologically and historically significant landscapes surrounding the San Francisco Bay Area .
Hendevalan ( Persian : هندوالان‎ , also Romanized as Hendevālān , Hand Vālān , Hendavālān , and Hindvālan ) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Orlestone is a mid - sized civil parish in Ashford District , Kent , England , with a population of 1,407 .
The Yadkin River is one of the longest rivers in North Carolina , flowing 215 miles ( 346 km ) .
Ronjeku ( Persian : رنجكو‎ , also Romanized as Ronjekū ; also known as Ronjekū va Seh Darreh and Ronj Kūh ) is a village in Kuhak Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Montecarotto is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region Marche , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) west of Ancona , mostly known internationally for the annual Blackmoon festival , a renowned goa and psytrance happening .
Montiglio Monferrato is a comune in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont , located in the Valle Versa about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) east of Turin and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northwest of Asti .
Fin District ( Persian : بخش فین‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Mount Zealand , or Zealand Mountain , is a mountain located in the White Mountains , in Grafton County , New Hampshire .
Rygałówka ( rɨɡaˈwufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Chinnamanaickenpalayam is a suburb of J.Krishnapuram panchayat in Sulur Taluk of Coimbatore district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Emerson Theater is an all age music venue located at 4634 E. 10th Street in the Little Flower neighborhood of Indianapolis , Indiana .
The Eckbachweiher in the Palatine Leiningerland in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate is a woog on the Eckbach stream .
The Hoornbeek Store Complex is a Registered Historic Place in the hamlet of Napanoch , New York , United States .
Kelvinside Academy is an independent school in Glasgow , Scotland , founded in 1878 .
Królewski Las ( kruˈlɛfski ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Szydlice ( ʂɨdˈlit͡sɛ ) ( Kashubian : Szëdlëce ) is a village in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kaskajmy ( kasˈkai̯mɨ ) ( German : Groß Köskeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pune City taluka ( Marathi : पुणे शहर तालुका ) , is a taluka in Haveli subdivision of Pune district of state of Maharashtra in India .
The Holman & Merriman Machine Shop , also known as the Derby Shop , Goodnow Pail Factory , L. A. Carpenter Machine Shop , and Streeter Shop , is an historic industrial building at 63 Canal Street in Hinsdale , New Hampshire .
Geghavank ( Armenian : Գեղավանք , also Romanized as Geghavank '' ) is a village in the community of Geghi , Syunik Province , Armenia .
The Eternal Flame Falls is a small waterfall located in the Shale Creek Preserve , a section of Chestnut Ridge Park in Western New York .
Pa O Don Chai ( Thai : ป่าอ้อดอนชัย ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Chiang Rai District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
The J. S. Halpine Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse at West and Mill Streets in New Milford , Connecticut .
Pajewo - Szwelice ( paˈjɛvɔ ʂfɛˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Crete and a number of surrounding islands and islets constitute the region of Crete ( Greek : Περιφέρεια Κρήτης ) , one of the 13 top - level administrative units of Greece .
Diestelbach is a river in the district of Lippe in the eastern part of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Bond Falls is a waterfall on the middle branch of the Ontonagon River , a few miles east of Paulding in Haight Township in southern Ontonagon County , Michigan .
The Casanna is a mountain of the Plessur Alps , overlooking Serneus and Klosters in the canton of Graubünden .
North Shore University Hospital ( NSUH ) is one of the cornerstones of the North Shore - LIJ Health System , as well as an academic campus for Hofstra North Shore - LIJ School of Medicine , the New York University School of Medicine and the Albert Einstein College of Medicine .
KSMU is licensed to Missouri State University in Springfield , Missouri , USA .
Simonhouse railway station is a stop located in the wilderness within Wekusko Falls Provincial Park , in Manitoba , Canada .
Yunesi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان يونسي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Yunesi District , Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Murcki ( German : Emanuelssegen ) is a district of Katowice .
Luzhou ( simplified Chinese : 泸州 ; traditional Chinese : 瀘州 ; pinyin : Lúzhōu ; Sichuanese Pinyin : Nu2zou1 ; Luzhou dialect : ( nu˨˩tsəu˥ ) ) , formerly transliterated as Lu - chou or Luchow , is a prefecture - level city located in the southeast of Sichuan Province , China .
Saleh Qeshlaqi ( Persian : صالح قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Şāleḩ Qeshlāqī ; also known as Sālār Qeshlāq and Şāleḩ Qeshlāq ) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
First Methodist Church of Clovis ( also known as Faith Christian Fellowship ) is historic church building at 622 Main Street in Clovis , New Mexico .
Fazeley is a small town and civil parish in the District of Lichfield , Staffordshire , England .
Wolf Creek Falls is located in Olympic National Park in Clallam County , Washington approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) south west of Port Angeles , Washington .
Gerdu Sar - e Sofla ( Persian : گردوسرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gerdū Sar - e Soflá ; also known as Gerdū Sar and Gerdū Sarā ) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Swiss Life Hall ( formerly AWD Hall ) is an indoor arena , in Hanover , Germany .
Marków - Świnice ( ˈmarkuf ɕfiˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zgornja Javoršica ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈjaːʋɔɾʃitsa ) ; German : Oberjaworschitz ) is a village in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia .
The Little Stewart River is an 8.9-mile - long ( 14.3 km ) river in Lake County , Minnesota , United States .
Vizos is a commune in the Hautes - Pyrénées department in south - eastern / western France .
The Westerwaldkreis ( direct 1:1 translation : Western Forest District ) is a district ( Kreis ) in the east of Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Bizzell Memorial Library , known also as Bizzell Library , is located at the University of Oklahoma in Norman , Oklahoma .
Żabno - Kolonia ( ˈʐabnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Musée Réattu ( Reattu Museum ) is an art museum in Arles , housing paintings , including works by Arles - born painter Jacques Réattu , drawings by Picasso , as well as sculptures and a large collection of photographs .
Mobridge Municipal Airport ( IATA : MBG , ICAO : KMBG , FAA LID : MBG ) is a city - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.15 mi , 1.85 km ) northeast of the central business district of Mobridge , a city in Walworth County , South Dakota , United States .
Wólka Stara Kijańska ( ˈvulka ˈstara kiˈjaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Lubelski , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Venha - Ver ( lit . `` come see '' ) is the westernmost city in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte .
Khustup ( Armenian : Խուստուփ ) is a mountain located in the southern Syunik Province of Armenia , to the south of Kapan city .
Friedenstein Castle ( German : Schloss Friedenstein ) is an early Baroque palace built in the mid-17th century by Ernest I , Duke of Saxe - Gotha at Gotha , Thuringia , Germany .
The Francis M. Drexel School was a historic school in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States .
Borzęckie ( bɔˈʐɛnt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Swaryszewo ( sfarɨˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Keitlau ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tang - e Shur ( Persian : تنگ شور‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Shūr ) is a village in the Hangam Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Paavo Nurmi Stadium ( Finnish : Paavo Nurmen stadion , Swedish : Paavo Nurmis stadion ) is a multi - use stadium in Turku , Finland .
Keele University , officially known as the University of Keele , is a public research university located about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) from Newcastle - under - Lyme , Staffordshire , England .
Heveningham is a village and civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal district of Suffolk in eastern England .
Waterford School is a private school , located in Sandy , Utah , United States .
Torud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان طرود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Thompson - Wohlschlegel Round Barn near Harper , Kansas is a round barn that was built in 1912 .
The Ball Park is a baseball stadium located in and owned by the Town of Old Orchard Beach , Maine .
Warden Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 31 km ( 19.3 mi ) north of Gold River and 1 km ( 0.62 mi ) north of Victoria Peak .
Słupowa ( swuˈpɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Armand Bayou is a bayou in U.S. State of Texas .
The Hyde Park Art Center ( HPAC ) is a visual arts organization and the oldest alternative exhibition space in the city of Chicago .
Zubrzyca Wielka ( zuˈbʐɨt͡sa ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
On 1 January 2009 Vammala was consolidated with the municipalities of Mouhijärvi and Äetsä , to form a new city named Sastamala .
Poshteh Sara ( Persian : پشته سرا‎ , also Romanized as Poshteh Sarā ; also known as Poshteh Sarān ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Budhlada ( Punjabi : ਬੁਢਲਾਡਾ ) is a city and a municipal council in Mansa district in the state of Punjab , India .
Morton and Hanthorpe is a civil parish , formerly known as Morton by Bourne in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire , England .
Jiaodoukou Subdistrict ( Chinese : 交道口街道 ) is a subdistrict in Dongcheng District , Beijing , China .
Emilia - Romagna ( pronounced ( eˈmiːlja roˈmaɲɲa ) , Emilian : Emélia - Rumâgna , Romagnol : Emélia - Rumâgna ) is an administrative Region of Northern Italy , comprising the historical regions of Emilia and Romagna .
Easthope is a small village and small civil parish in Shropshire , England .
Masumzadeh - ye Bozorg ( Persian : معصوم زاده بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Maʿṣūmzādeh - ye Bozorg ) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Drożyna ( drɔˈʐɨna ) ( German : Wiesenbusch ; until 1937 : Druse ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radwanice , within Polkowice County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Musée d'Art et d'Histoire du Judaïsme ( French ; `` Museum of Jewish Art and History '' ) is a French museum of Jewish art and history located in the Hôtel de Saint - Aignan at 71 rue du Temple in the Marais district in Paris .
Cheongsong County ( or Cheongsong - gun ) is a county in North Gyeongsang Province , South Korea .
Araban ( Kurdish : Kele‎ ) is a district and city of Gaziantep Province of Turkey .
Żelimucha ( ʐɛliˈmuxa ) ( formerly German Buchhorst ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Brookfield Zoo , also known as the Chicago Zoological Park , is a zoo located in the Chicago suburb of Brookfield , Illinois .
Elm Street Methodist Church is a historic church at 616 5th Ave . , S. in Nashville , Tennessee .
Oakland Alternative High School is an alternative secondary school in Tacoma , Washington .
The Great Eddy Covered Bridge , also called the Big Eddy Covered Bridge or Waitsfield Covered Bridge , is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the Mad River in Waitsfield , Vermont on Bridge Street .
The Gregory Highway is a state highway in Queensland that serves the major coal - mining centres of Central Queensland .
Gardena High School , known as GHS , is a public high school in Harbor Gateway , Los Angeles , California , United States , adjacent to the City of Gardena .
Pugung Raharjo ( sometimes called Pugungraharjo ) is the name of an archaeological site located in the regency of South Lampung , Lampung Province , Sumatra Indonesia .
St. Henry District High School is located in Erlanger , Kentucky and is a Catholic high school of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Covington .
The Sycamore Public Library , in Sycamore , Illinois , was erected in 1905 in the former location of Mansion House , Sycamore 's oldest structure .
Crakehall is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England , approximately 2 miles ( 3 km ) west of Bedale .
Villapizzone is a district ( `` quartiere '' ) of Milan , Italy , part of the Zone 8 administrative division of the city , located north of the city centre .
Authoor is a panchayat town in Thoothukudi district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Turkey Point Nuclear Generating Station is a twin reactor nuclear power station located on a 3,300-acre ( 1,300 ha ) site 2 miles east of Homestead , Florida , United States , next to Biscayne National Park located about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of Miami , Florida near the southernmost edge of Miami - Dade County .
The Dorchester North Burying Ground ( or `` First Burying Ground in Dorchester '' ) is a historic graveyard at Stoughton Street and Columbia Road in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
BMO Plaza , formerly the M&I Plaza , is a high rise in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Zadąbrów ( zaˈdɔmbruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Coffeyville Municipal Airport ( IATA : CFV , ICAO : KCFV , FAA LID : CFV ) is a city - owned airport four miles northeast of Coffeyville , in Montgomery County , Kansas .
Klarenthal is a borough of Wiesbaden , capital of the federal state of Hesse , Germany .
Bona gund ( also called Bongund ) is a village in Anantnag tehsil in Anantnag district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Golesze - Parcela ( ɡɔˈlɛʂɛ parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Little Bay Islands is a town in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Kochoń ( ˈkɔxɔɲ ) ( German : Kochen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Koonung Secondary College is a secondary state school in Mont Albert North , Victoria , in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Australia .
Boneh - ye Bandar ( Persian : بنه بندر‎ ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tappeh - ye Esmail ( Persian : تپه اسماعيل‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh - ye Esmā``īl ) is a village in Kivanat Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 191 , in 54 families .
The Jordan River Pathway is an 18-mile ( 29 km ) loop trail located in Michigan in Antrim County , next to the Jordan River and the Jordan River hatchery .
Falborz - Kolonia ( ˈfalbɔʂ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
WINU ( 104.9 FM , `` Win 104.9 '' ) is a sports radio station licensed to Altamont and serving New York 's Capital District and surrounding areas .
The Charles B. Russell House ( also known as the `` Duffel Building '' ) is a historic residence in the Clifton neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Monacan High School is a public secondary school in unincorporated Chesterfield County , Virginia , United States ( near the city of Richmond ) .
Espeyli ( Persian : اسپيلي‎ , also Romanized as Espeylī ; also known as Esbeylī , Esopeylī , Isbaili , and Isbayli ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Spokane Intermodal Center is an intermodal transport facility located in Spokane , Washington , United States .
Dayton 's Corners School is a one - room school building in the town of Penfield , New York .
Lake Bonney Wind Farm , in South Australia , was built in three stages .
Rindge Towers is an affordable housing development in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Sirjarun ( Persian : سيرجارون‎ , also Romanized as Sīrjārūn ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Shomali Rural District , Sorkhrud District , Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jefferson County Courthouse Complex is a courthouse complex and national historic district located at Watertown in Jefferson County , New York .
Robert Clack School is a comprehensive school in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham .
The Fort Wayne Museum of Art ( FWMoA ) is a Contemporary art museum located in downtown Fort Wayne , Indiana , Allen County , United States .
The Eagle Gate monument is a historical monument -- more in the form of an arch than a gate -- seventy - six feet across , situated at the intersection of State Street at South Temple , adjacent to Temple Square , in Salt Lake City , Utah .
The Kings Park Stadium ( also known as Growthpoint Kings Park for sponsorship reasons and also commercially promoted as The Shark Tank ) , is a stadium in the Kings Park Sporting Precinct in Durban , South Africa .
Magdalenenberg is the name of an Iron Age tumulus near the city of Villingen - Schwenningen in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Vallø Castle ( Danish : Vallø Slot ) is a manor house located 7 km south of Køge , in Stevns Municipality , on the island of Zealand in Denmark .
Talaf ( Arabic : طلف‎ , also spelled Tallaf or Tullif ) is a village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located southwest of Hama .
Rosslyn Chapel , formally known as the Collegiate Chapel of St Matthew , is a 15th - century chapel located at the village of Roslin , Midlothian , Scotland .
Eemsmond ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈeːmsmɔnt ) ; English : Ems Mouth ) is a municipality with a population of 15,864 in the north of the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands .
Tuska Chal ( Persian : توسكاچال‎ , also Romanized as Tūskā Chāl and Towskā Chāl ) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Eglingham is a village in Northumberland , England , situated about 7 miles ( 11 km ) north - west of Alnwick and 10 miles ( 16 km ) from Wooler .
The Black Hawk Statue , or The Eternal Indian , is a sculpture by Lorado Taft located in Lowden State Park which is near the city of Oregon , Illinois .
Deh Sahra ( Persian : ده صحرا‎ , also Romanized as Deh Şaḩrā ) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Balmacara ( Scottish Gaelic : Baile MacRath ) is a village on the north shore of Loch Alsh near Kyle of Lochalsh , Ross - shire , Highland and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland , Scotland .
Khusf Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خوسف‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wilczany ( vilˈt͡ʂanɨ ) ( German : Wolfsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Elyasi - ye Ahmad ( Persian : الياسي احمد‎ , also Romanized as Elyāsī - ye Aḩmad ) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Omani French Museum is a heritage museum , located in the former residence of the French Consul , Bait Faransa on Lane 9310 , Qasr Al Alam Street , in the old quarter of Muscat , Oman .
Oxkutzcab Municipality ( sometimes spelled as Oxcutzcab ) is a municipality , with a municipal seat of the same name in the Mexican state of Yucatán , southeast of Maní , Yucatán , located at 20 ° 18′10``N 89 ° 25′0''W. The name in the Yucatec Maya language means `` Place of ramon , tobacco , and honey '' .
Burk Brothers and Company , also known as Diskmakers , was a historic factory complex located in the Northern Liberties neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Nowa Dębszczyzna ( ˈnɔva dɛmpʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipów , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Eufaula Dam is a dam across the Canadian River in Oklahoma .
Rosebank College is an independent , co - educational , Catholic secondary day school in the Benedictine tradition , located in Five Dock , an inner - western suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Adamka ( aˈdamka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Haft Piran ( Persian : هفت پيران‎ , also Romanized as Haft Pīrān ; also known as Haft Pīr ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Zavaliv ( Ukrainian : Завалів ) ( formerly Polish : Zawałów ) is a village ( formerly a town ) in the western part of Pidhaitsi Raion ( district ) of Ternopil Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Hoseyn Sadani ( Persian : حسين سادني‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Sādanī ) is a village in Baghak Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Ortagol ( Persian : ارتگل‎ ) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District , Khenejin District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Jerpoint Abbey is a ruined Cistercian abbey , founded in the second half of the 12th century , near Thomastown , County Kilkenny , Ireland .
Hacienda Santa Rosa de Lima is located in Maxcanú Municipality , Yucatán , Mexico , about 60 km from the city of Mérida .
Stabieńszczyzna ( stabjɛɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mondipalayam is a village located in Bhavani taluk , Erode district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Transverse Ranges are a group of mountain ranges of southern California , in the Pacific Coast Ranges physiographic region in North America .
Thirumullaivoyal railway station sits on the rail network , which connects Chennai with Bangalore , Arakonam , West and southern parts of Tamil Nadu and also neighbouring states of Kerala and Karnataka .
Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كاكاوندشرقي‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Örnekköy ( also called Tepetarla ) , is a village in Beykoz district of Istanbul Province , Turkey .
Jirsar - e Bahambar ( Persian : جيرسربهمبر‎ , also Romanized as Jīrsar - e Bahambar ; also known as Māzandarān Maḩalleh Beham Bar ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Machtum ( Luxembourgish : Meechtem ) is a small town in the commune of Wormeldange , in south - eastern Luxembourg .
Gardner Farm Airport ( FAA LID : 18XS ) is a privately owned airport located 3 miles northwest of McAdoo , Texas , United States .
Cloquet High School ( CHS ) is a high school in Cloquet in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
Keilaniemi ( Swedish : Kägeludden ) is a district in the south - eastern part of Espoo , Finland .
Saratoga Central Catholic High School is a private , Roman Catholic high school and middle school located in Saratoga Springs , New York .
Carl Schurz High School is a public 4 - -year high school located in the old section of the Irving Park neighborhood on the north -- west side of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Puyang is a prefecture - level city in northeastern Henan province , People 's Republic of China .
Palas Abadan ( Persian : پلاس ابدان‎ , also Romanized as Palās Ābādān , Palās Ābdān , and Palās - e Ābadān ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Płonki ( ˈpwɔŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Monterotondo Marittimo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) southwest of Florence and about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) northwest of Grosseto , near the Colline Metallifere .
Old East Boston High School ( also known as Joseph H. Barnes School ) is an historic school building at 127 Marion Street in East Boston , Massachusetts .
On April 1 , 2008 Lobstädt was incorporated into Neukieritzsch .
The Charles Playhouse , of Boston , Massachusetts , is a theater at 74 Warrenton Street in the Boston Theater District .
Namileh ( Persian : ناميله‎ , also Romanized as Nāmīleh ; also known as Nāmleh ) is a village in Muzaran Rural District , in the Central District of Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Laspra is one of the eight parishes in Castrillón , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
The Bab Berdieyinne Mosque ( Arab : بردعين , French : Berdaïne ) is a religious building in the historical city center of Meknes , Morocco , constructed in the 18th century .
WWXL ( 1450 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Manchester , Kentucky , broadcasting with a full - time signal of 1,000 watts .
Gilmonby is a village in the Pennines of England , situated a short distance to the south of Bowes , in the vicinity of Barnard Castle .
Selhurst railway station is in the London Borough of Croydon in south London 9.4 miles ( 15 km ) from Victoria .
Benguet ( Tagalog pronunciation : ( beŋˈɡet ) ; Ibaloi : Probinsya ne Benguet ; Ilocano : Probinsya ti Benguet ; Filipino : Lalawigan ng Benguet ; Pangasinan : Luyag na Benguet ) , is a landlocked province of the Philippines located in the southern tip of the Cordillera Administrative Region in the island of Luzon .
Greater Cumberland Regional Airport ( IATA : CBE , ICAO : KCBE , FAA LID : CBE ) is a public airport in the town of Wiley Ford ( population 1,095 ) in Mineral County , West Virginia .
Kabuneh ( Persian : كبونه‎ , also Romanized as Kabūneh ; also known as Kabūteh ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Centre - Val de Loire ( French pronunciation : ​(sɑ̃tʁ val də lwaʁ ) ) , French for Centre - Loire valley , is one of the 18 regions of France .
KBUR ( 1490 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Burlington , Iowa .
Dynetech Centre is a 31-story office and residential building overlooking Lake Eola in Orlando , Florida .
The John Deere World Headquarters is a complex of four buildings located on 1,400 acres ( 5.7 km² ) of land at One John Deere Place , Moline , Illinois , United States .
Bahadorestan ( Persian : بهادرستان‎ , also Romanized as Bahādorestān ; also known as Bādāristān , Bahārestān , and Bahristān ) is a village in Saruq Rural District , Saruq District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
WMGY ( 800 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Montgomery , Alabama , USA .
The Scarboro Landfill is a controversial landfill in Harford County , Maryland in the United States .
Northall is a hamlet in the civil parish of Edlesborough Northall and Dagnall , in Buckinghamshire , England .
Gerdanbeh ( Persian : گردنبه‎ ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Cumberland County Jail is located in Portland , Maine , and is the largest jail in the state .
Sarcham - e Sofla ( Persian : سرچم سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sarcham - e Soflá ; also known as Sar Cham , Sarcham - e Pā’īn , and Sarcham Pa’īn ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
101 Federal Street is a skyscraper on Federal Street in the Financial District neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Wildwood Park for the Arts is a developing botanical garden and center for the arts located in western Little Rock , Arkansas 's Chenal Valley .
Gurani Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گوراني‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Zavareh District ( Persian : بخش زواره‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Biggera Creek Dam , or formally the Biggera Creek Flood Mitigation Dam , is a dam established for flood mitigation purposes over the Biggera Creek , located in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
Pishkhan ( Persian : پيشخان‎ , also Romanized as Pīshkhān ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gol Pasha ( Persian : گل پاشا‎ , also Romanized as Gol Pāshā ; also known as Kal Pāshā Mey - e Soflá and Kal Pāshā - ye Soflá ) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Musée Maillol is an art museum located in the 7th arrondissement at 59 - 61 , rue de Grenelle , Paris , France .
Chittenango Creek is a small river in central New York , USA .
The Arch of Drusus is an ancient arch in Rome , Italy , close to the First Mile of the Appian Way and next to the Porta San Sebastiano .
Ob Jezeru City Stadium ( Slovene : Mestni stadion ob jezeru ; literally , ' Lakeside City Stadium ' ) or simply Ob Jezeru ( Ob jezeru ) is a multi - use stadium in Velenje , Slovenia .
Traby ( ˈtrabɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Sachseln Tunnel is a tunnel in the Swiss canton of Obwalden .
Fališi ( Serbian Cyrillic : Фалиши ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kisity ( kʲiˈɕitɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Qaleh - ye Shias ( Persian : قلعه شياس‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Shīās and Qal``eh - ye Sheyās ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 19 , in 5 families .
Central Prison is a prison operated by the North Carolina Department of Correction ( NCDOC ) in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Kolmanna is a Village in emerging Malappuram city of Kerala state .
KHRD ( 103.1 FM , `` Red 103.1 & 93.3 '' ) is a commercial radio station in Weaverville , California , broadcasting to the Northern California , area .
Linfield Christian School ( LCS ) is a K-12 , co - educational , college - preparatory school located on a 100 acre campus in Temecula , California , a city that is centrally located between San Diego , 57 miles to the south and Los Angeles , 76 miles to the northwest .
Cheshmeh Kalan ( Persian : چشمه كلان‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kalān ; also known as Kanī Kalān ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Zbożne ( ˈzbɔʐnɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Khalaf - e Mosallam ( Persian : خلف مسلم‎ ; also known as Khalaf Moslem and Ka``be Khalaf Moslem ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,658 , in 209 families .
Bleijenbeek is a small hamlet in the Dutch province of Limburg .
Estádio do Fontelo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ( ɨ)ˈʃtaðju ðu fõtˈɛlu ) ; Fontelo Stadium ) is a stadium in Viseu , Portugal .
Dasht San Ali Pakuh ( Persian : دشت صنعلي پاكوه‎ , also Romanized as Dasht San ʿAlī Pākūh ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nijnsel is a parish of the municipality of Sint - Oedenrode and has around 2,600 inhabitants .
Darani ( Persian : داراني‎ , also Romanized as Dārānī ; also known as Dānvarā , Dārānā , and Tārānī ) is a village in Dizmar - e Sharqi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lown - e Sadat ( Persian : لون سادات‎ , also Romanized as Lown - e Sādāt ) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Charters Towers State High School ( CTSHS ) is a high school in Charters Towers in northern Queensland , Australia .
Aims Community College is a two - year college serving northern Colorado with four locations in Greeley , Windsor , Fort Lupton and Loveland .
The Eastern Shore of Virginia National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge located in Northampton County , Virginia , at the southern end of the Eastern Shore and near the tip of the Delmarva Peninsula , and managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service .
Appledore Island , Maine , ( formerly known as Hog Island ) is the largest of the Isles of Shoals located about seven miles off the Maine / New Hampshire coast .
Siah Karan ( Persian : سياه كران‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Karān ) is a village in Baraghan Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
In the Late Middle Ages , Appingedam , being a seaport , was an important trading competitor to Groningen .
Khuzu ( Persian : خوضو‎ , also Romanized as Khūz̤ū ) is a village in Behdasht Rural District , Kushk - e Nar District , Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Casscoe , Arkansas ( also Cassco or Cass Coe ) is an unincorporated community in Arkansas County , Arkansas , United States .
The Cle Elum River is a tributary of the Yakima River , approximately 28 miles ( 45 km ) long in the U.S. state of Washington .
Wojtkowa ( vɔi̯tˈkɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Війткова , Viitkova ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Lakelands Trail State Park is a state park in Michigan that runs east - west from Stockbridge to Hamburg Township , Michigan .
WIGM ( 1490 AM ) is a radio station , licensed to Medford , Wisconsin , USA , that broadcasts a sports format .
Saqi Beyg ( Persian : ساقي بيگ‎ , also Romanized as Sāqī Beyg ; also known as Sāqī Bag and Sāqī Beyk ) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Clayton Center is a performing arts and conference center in Clayton , North Carolina .
Dzbonie ( ˈd͡zbɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Nelson Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia , Canada .
Charnock Richard is a small village and civil parish in the borough of Chorley , Lancashire , in England .
Guinglange ( German : Gänglingen ; Lorraine Franconian Genglingen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Glenalmond College ( formerly Trinity College , Glenalmond ) is a co - educational independent boarding school in Perth and Kinross , Scotland , for children aged between 12 and 18 years .
The 10 megawatt ( MW ) El Dorado Solar Power Plant is a photovoltaic facility located in Boulder City , Nevada , completed in 2008 .
Adelaide Town Hall is a landmark building on King William Street in Adelaide , South Australia , Australia .
Harold Washington College is a community college part of the City Colleges of Chicago system of the City of Chicago , in Illinois , United States .
The Kolobov Novaya Opera Theatre of Moscow ( Russian : Новая Опера ) ( novaya means `` new '' ) is a theatre in Moscow , located at 3 Karetny Ryad .
Varegah - e Sofla ( Persian : وارگه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Vāregah - e Soflá ; also known as Sarcheleh Vāregah - e Soflá and Vāregah ) is a village in Cheleh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Andhra Pradesh ( /ˌɑːndrə prəˈdɛʃ/ ) ( pronunciation ) is one of the 29 states of India , situated on the southeastern coast of the country .
Tybory - Trzcianka ( tɨˈbɔrɨ ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sheepscar is an inner city district of Leeds in West Yorkshire England , lying to the north east of Leeds city centre .
Tanacross Airport ( IATA : TSG , FAA LID : TSG ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of the central business district of Tanacross , in the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Howz - e Hafez ( Persian : حوض حافظ‎ , also Romanized as Ḩowẕ - e Ḩāfez̧ , Ḩowz - e Ḩāfez̧ , and Hauz - i - Hāfiz ) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ulting is a small village located in the remote countryside of the county of Essex , England .
The Fowler Museum at UCLA , or more commonly , The Fowler , is a museum on the campus of the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) which explores art and material culture primarily from Africa , Asia and the Pacific , and the Americas , past and present .
The Plymouth Post Office Building is an historic former post office building at 6 Main Street Extension in Plymouth , Massachusetts .
Beyarjomand District ( Persian : بخش بیارجمند‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Södertörn University ( Swedish : Södertörns högskola , abbreviated as SH ) is a public university ( högskola ) located in Flemingsberg , which is located in Huddinge Municipality , and the larger area called Södertörn , in Stockholm County , Sweden .
North Jiangyang Road Station ( simplified Chinese : 江杨北路站 ; traditional Chinese : 江楊北路站 ; pinyin : Jiāngyáng Běi Lù Zhàn ) is the name of a station on the Shanghai Metro Line 3 .
Cornelia Strong College is one of three residential colleges on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Greensboro .
Akhyan - e Kuchek ( Persian : اخيان كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Akhyān - e Kūchek ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lexington Avenue , often colloquially abbreviated as `` Lex , '' is an avenue on the East Side of the borough of Manhattan in New York City that carries southbound one - way traffic from East 131st Street to Gramercy Park at East 21st Street .
Sar Taveh - ye Jaruqi ( Persian : سرطاوه جروقي‎ , also Romanized as Sar Ţāveh - ye Jarūqī ; also known as Sartāveh and Sar Ţāveh ) is a village in Famur Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Piliscsaba is a town in Budapest metropolitan area , Hungary , located in northwestern Pest County , near the border of Komárom - Esztergom in a valley between the Buda and Pilis hills .
Zoratu Bala ( Persian : زرتوبالا‎ , also Romanized as Z̄oratū Bālā and Zartū - ye Bālā ; also known as Zaztoo , Z̄orratū , and Zūrātū ) is a village in Gohreh Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Edalakudy is a well populated area about 3 km from the Nagercoil town in Kanyakumari district .
The Court at 744 - 756½ S. Marengo Ave . is a bungalow court located at 744 - 756½ S. Marengo Ave . in Pasadena , California .
The Towne Street Historic District is a historic district on Towne Street , east of Jackson Street in North Attleborough , Massachusetts .
Evergreen Speedway is an automobile racetrack located within the confines of the Evergreen State Fairgrounds in Monroe , Washington .
Kołomyjka ( kɔwɔˈmɨi̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Pfetterhouse ( Alemannic German : Pfatterhüse ; German : Pfetterhausen ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
The Early Settlers Meeting House is a historic meeting house at the junction of Granite and Foggs Ridge roads at Leighton Corners in the town of Ossipee , New Hampshire , United States .
Carluddon is a hamlet north of St Austell and southeast of Stenalees in Cornwall , England .
Palivere is a small borough ( alevik ) in Lääne - Nigula Parish , Lääne County in western Estonia .
The department is located in the region of Aquitaine - Limousin - Poitou - Charentes between the Loire Valley and the Pyrenees , and is named after the great Dordogne river that runs through it .
Pistyll Rhaeadr ( Welsh pronunciation : ( pɪstɪɬ r̥aeadr ) , meaning `` spring of the waterfall '' ) is a waterfall , located a few miles from the village of Llanrhaeadr - ym - Mochnant in Powys , Wales , twelve miles west of Oswestry .
Waiwera is a locality situated in the north of the Auckland Region in New Zealand .
Double Eagle II , piloted by Ben Abruzzo , Maxie Anderson , and Larry Newman , became the first balloon to cross the Atlantic Ocean when it landed 17 August 1978 in Miserey near Paris , 137 hours 6 minutes after leaving Presque Isle , Maine .
The Karl Limper Geology Museum is located in Shideler Hall at Miami University in Oxford , Ohio .
The Lincoln MKT is a full - size luxury crossover SUV built and marketed by the Ford Motor Company 's Lincoln Motor Company division since the 2010 model year .
German submarine U-270 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The submarine was laid down on 15 October 1941 at the Bremer - Vulkan - Vegesacker Werft ( yard ) in Bremen as yard number 35 .
The Siemens Desiro is a family of diesel or electric multiple unit passenger trains developed by Siemens Mobility , a division of the German Siemens AG conglomerate .
CP / M-86 was a version of the CP / M operating system that Digital Research ( DR ) made for the Intel 8086 and Intel 8088 .
The Chevrolet Titan 90 ( and similar GMC Astro 95 ) were heavy - duty Class 8 cabover trucks made by General Motors between 1968 and 1988 .
Microsoft Lumia ( previously the Nokia Lumia Series ) is a range of mobile devices designed and marketed by Microsoft Mobile and previously by Nokia .
Winchester rifle is a comprehensive term describing a series of lever - action repeating rifles manufactured by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company .
The Baikal MP-153 is a 12 gauge gas - operated semi - automatic shotgun manufactured by the Izhevsk Mechanical Plant in Russia .
The Learjet 60 is a mid - size cabin , medium - range business jet aircraft manufactured by Bombardier Aerospace in Wichita , Kansas , USA .
The Honda HA-420 HondaJet is the first aircraft developed by Honda Aircraft Company .
The main manufacturer of the BMP-1 and its different variants was the Kurgan Machine Building Works ( Kurganskiy Mashinostroitelyniy Zavod ) , but PRP-3 artillery reconnaissance vehicles were produced by the Chelyabinsk Tractor Works ( ChTZ ) and PRP-4/PRP-4 M artillery reconnaissance vehicles were produced by the Rubtsovsk Engineering Works ( RMZ ) .
The PZL Bielsko SZD-50 Puchacz ( Polish : `` eagle owl '' ) is a Polish two - place training and aerobatic sailplane .
The Colt Python is a .357 Magnum caliber revolver formerly manufactured by Colt 's Manufacturing Company of Hartford , Connecticut .
Christian Wegner Haaland ( 6 February 1892 - -1952 ) is a Norwegian ship - owner and politician for the Conservative Party .
Yongyuth Wichaidit ( Thai : ยงยุทธ วิชัยดิษฐ ; born July 15 , 1942 in Surat Thani ) is a Thai politician ( Pheu Thai Party ) .
Dietrich Eckart ( 23 March 1868 -- 26 December 1923 ) was a German journalist , playwright , poet , and politician who was one of the founders of the Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ( German Workers ' Party - DAP ) , which later evolved into the Nazi Party ( NSDAP ) .
Seán Conlan ( born 1975 ) is an Irish independent politician , who formerly sat as a member of Fine Gael in Dáil Éireann .
Mahesh Jethmalani ( born 1960 ) is a Senior Advocate at Bombay High Court and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Aneurin Bevan ( pronounced /əˈnaɪrɪn/ ; Welsh : ( aˈnəɨ.rin ) ; 15 November 1897 -- 6 July 1960 ) , often known as Nye Bevan , was a Welsh Labour Party politician who was the Minister for Health in the post - war Attlee government from 1945 to 1951 .
Harold Knutson ( October 20 , 1880 -- August 21 , 1953 ) was a Norwegian - American politician and journalist , who represented Minnesota in the United States House of Representatives from 1917 to 1949 as a member of the Republican Party .
In 1933 , Oskar Joost joined the Nazi Party , again spelling his name with a ' k ' .
Nikolaos Salavrakos ( Greek : Νικόλαος Σαλαβράκος ; born 15 February 1946 in Kalamata ) is a Greek member of the European Parliament representing the Popular Orthodox Rally .
Bjørn Stordrange ( born 13 January 1956 in Flekkefjord ) is a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Conservative Party .
August Lindbergh became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1870 , joining the Republican Party .
Moussa Ag Acharatoumane serves as a spokesperson for the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad ( MNLA ) and was based in Paris , France as recently as 22 March 2012 .
Gorka Maneiro Labayen ( born 1975 in San Sebastián ) is a Spanish politician and a member of the Basque Parliament with the Union , Progress and Democracy party ( UPyD ) .
Hamid Chabat ( Arabic : حميد شباط‎ -- born 17 August 1953 , Taza Province ) is a Moroccan politician and the current Secretary - General of the Istiqlal Party .
Russell Gurney ( 2 September 1804 -- 31 May 1878 ) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1878 .
Ole Gabriel Ueland ( 31 January 1931 -- 5 April 2009 ) was a Norwegian politician from Varhaug , Rogaland , active in the Centre Party .
Ruggero Grieco ( 19 August 1893 -- 23 July 1955 ) was an Italian politician and a member of the Italian Communist Party ( Italian : Partito Comunista Italiano , PCI ) .
Azhikodan Raghavan was a leader of Communist Party of India ( Marxist)/CPI(M ) .
Aaja Chemnitz Larsen ( born 2 December 1977 in Nuuk ) is a Greenlandic politician and a Member of Parliament at the Folketing ( Danish Parliament ) for the Inuit Ataqatigiit , representing one of the two seats for Greenland .
Werner Willikens ( born 8 February 1893 in Vienenburg - died 25 October 1961 in Wolfenbüttel ) was a German politician with the Nazi Party .
Jill Seymour ( born 8 May 1958 ) is a Member of the European Parliament for the West Midlands region for the UK Independence Party .
Köksal Toptan ( 1943 , Rize ) is a Turkish lawyer , politician and a member of the Justice and Development Party .
Leonardo Rodríguez Alcaine ( May 1 , 1919 -- August 6 , 2005 ) was a Mexican trade union leader and a long - serving legislator of the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Gordon M. Johnson ( born December 16 , 1949 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2002 , where he represents the 37th Legislative District .
Historian Sir Charles Petrie went further , and insisted in his 1972 memoirs ( A Historian Looks At His World ) that `` the greatest blow the Conservative Party has sustained since the late war was the premature death of Oliver Stanley .
Rolands Broks ( born 18 May 1969 ) is a Latvian politician , member of the Latvian Farmers ' Union party and the incumbent Minister of Education and Science of Latvia since 3 November 2010 .
Philip McGuigan ( born 1973 ) is a Sinn Féin member of Ballymoney Borough Council in Northern Ireland and a former MLA .
Curtis Nkondo ( 1 February 1928 -- 3 December 2009 ) was a South African diplomat , school teacher and politician with the African National Congress .
Dr. Afu Agbaria ( Arabic : عفو إغبارية‎ , Hebrew : עפו אגבאריה‎ ; born 13 May 1949 ) is an Israeli Arab politician who served a member of the Knesset for Hadash from 2009 to 2015 .
Rafael de la Barra López joined the Conservative Party , supporting the candidacy of Manuel Bulnes and Manuel Montt , earning him the appointment as Secretary of the Ministry of Finance .
Eduardo Alfonso Sánchez Hernández ( born 30 October 1946 ) is a Mexican politician formerly affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Rudolf Hilferding ( 10 August 1877 -- 11 February 1941 ) was an Austrian - born Marxist economist , leading socialist theorist , politician and chief theoretician for the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) during the Weimar Republic , almost universally recognized as the SPD 's foremost theoretician of his century , and a physician .
Vijay Goel ( born 4 January 1954 ) is an Indian politician affiliated with the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Ramesh Dube ( born 16 October 1942 ) is an Indian politician with the Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP ) .
Rui de Sá served as the representative of the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola ( MPLA ) to Egypt in the 1970s .
Julianna Smoot is a political fundraiser for the Democratic Party .
Sir Robert Anthony Bevis Durant ( born 9 January 1928 ) , also known as Tony Durant , was a British Conservative Party politician .
Christos Pappas ( Greek : Χρήστος Παππάς ; born 1962 , Athens ) is a Greek politician and member of the Greek Parliament for the Golden Dawn .
Günter Mittag ( 8 October 1926 -- 18 March 1994 ) was a German member of parliament , secretary of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( SED ) , and a central figure in the German planned economy .
Inga Lovise Tusvik ( 6 July 1914 -- 14 May 1992 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and later the Liberal People 's Party which split from the Liberal Party in 1972 .
Christian Alusine Kamara - Taylor ( born June 3 , 1917 - August 15 , 1985 ) Popular known as C.A. was a Sierra Leonean politician and one of the founding members of the All People 's Congress ( APC ) , along with Siaka Stevens and Sorie Ibrahim Koroma .
Ashwani Kumar represents the Indian National Congress party from Punjab in the Rajya Sabha .
Klaus Dieter Breitschwert ( born 21 April 1943 ) is a German politician , representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Mulayam Singh Yadav ( born 22 November 1939 ) is an Indian politician who belongs to the Samajwadi Party from Uttar Pradesh .
Zhang Zhongliang ( Chinese : 张仲良 ; 1907 - -1983 ) was a member of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) .
Sir Harry Neil Marten PC ( 3 December 1916 -- 22 December 1985 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
Ariel Gómez León ( born 30 September 1965 ) is a Mexican radio host and politician formerly from the Party of the Democratic Revolution and the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico .
Alfred Dreier ( 20 January 1940 -- 16 February 2011 ) was a German jurist and local politician from the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Sir Alexander Nairne Stewart Sandeman , 1st Baronet ( 12 October 1876 -- 23 April 1940 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Henry Langton Brackenbury ( 26 April 1868 -- 28 April 1920 ) was a British Conservative Party politician who served for two short periods as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Louth in Lincolnshire .
Jens Debusschere ( born 28 August 1989 ) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour team Lotto - Soudal .
Robert Lyles ( born March 21 , 1961 in Los Angeles , California ) is a former professional American football player who played the position of linebacker for eight seasons for the Houston Oilers and for the Atlanta Falcons .
Claudie Minor is a former tackle in the National Football League who played nine seasons for the Denver Broncos .
Aurélien Boche ( born 16 September 1981 in Niort , Deux - Sèvres ) is a French football defender who currently plays for Nîmes Olympique .
George Bjorkman ( born August 26 , 1956 ) was a professional baseball player with the Houston Astros in 1983 .
Brendan Whitecross ( born 25 January 1990 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Elgin Reid ( born February 23 , 1987 ) was a professional ice hockey defenceman who finished his career playing with the Brampton Beast of the ECHL .
Álvaro Portilla Suárez ( born 28 April 1986 in Madrid ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CF Rayo Majadahonda , as a left midfielder .
Matt Nickerson ( born January 11 , 1985 , in Old Lyme , Connecticut , U.S. ) is a professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing with the Belfast Giants .
Brett Perriman ( born October 10 , 1965 ) is a former American football wide receiver in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints ( 1988 - -1990 ) , the Detroit Lions ( 1991 - -1996 ) , the Kansas City Chiefs ( 1997 ) , and the Miami Dolphins ( 1997 ) .
Robert Hehedosh ( Ukrainian : Роберт Володимирович Гегедош ; born 2 May 1993 ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder of Hungarian background who currently playing for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Kamil Wilczek ( born 14 January 1988 in Wodzisław Śląski ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for the Danish Superliga club Brøndby IF .
On 7 August 2010 , Jajá Coelho joined Turkish club Trabzonspor on a four - year contract for reported € 4.2 million .
Sumit Narwal ( born 1982 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Delhi and the Kolkata Knight Riders .
On 25 January 2007 , Giovanny Espinoza was transferred from LDU Quito to Vitesse .
Mitch Stockentree ( born 22 January 1991 in Enschede ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for FC Oss in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Đào Duy Khánh ( born 30 January 1994 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Centre - back for V - League club Hanoi T&T F.C.
Iarley played for Ferroviário , Ceará , and Paysandu of Brazil , Real Madrid B , AD Ceuta and UD Melilla of Spain , Boca Juniors of Argentina and Dorados de Sinaloa of Mexico .
Christopher Jullien ( born 22 March 1993 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Ligue 2 side Dijon FCO on loan from SC Freiburg .
Joe Paopao ( born June 30 , 1955 ) is a former professional Canadian football quarterback and former head and assistant coach of the CFL 's BC Lions Paopao played 11 seasons for the BC Lions , Saskatchewan Roughriders and the Ottawa Rough Riders .
El Sayed Hamdy ( Arabic : السيد حمدي‎ ) ( born 1 March 1984 ) is an Egyptian football striker who plays for Egyptian club Misr El Makasa .
Spencer Toone ( born August 25 , 1980 ) is an American football linebacker who was selected by the National Football League Tennessee Titans in the last round of the 2006 NFL Draft .
Hans - Georg Moldenhauer ( born 25 November 1941 in Senst near Wittenberg ) is a former football goalkeeper , playing for 1 . FC Magdeburg and its predecessors .
On 30 August 2008 , it was announced that Thiago Neves joined Hamburger SV player and was seen as the ideal replacement for the outgoing Rafael van der Vaart .
Joakim Alexandersson ( born 27 January 1976 ) is a Swedish professional football defender who currently plays for Swedish team Bollebygds IF .
Yura Movsisyan ( Armenian : Յուրա Սարգիսի Մովսիսյան , born 2 August 1987 ) is an Armenian football player who currently plays forward for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer , on loan from Spartak Moscow of the Russian Premier League .
Gleason Fournier ( born September 8 , 1991 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player , who is currently playing for the Alaska Aces of the ECHL .
Dennis Weathersby ( born June 16 , 1980 ) is a former NFL cornerback for the Cincinnati Bengals .
Orlando McKay ( born October 2 , 1969 ) is a former American football Wide Receiver who spent his 1 year career with the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Charlie Metro ( born Charles Moreskonich ; April 18 , 1918 -- March 18 , 2011 ) was an outfielder for the Detroit Tigers and the Philadelphia Athletics , as well as a manager for the Chicago Cubs and the Kansas City Royals .
Leon Ramos ( born November 9 , 1984 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eerste Divisie clubs FC Dordrecht , FC Omniworld , SC Cambuur and FC Eindhoven during the 2004 - 2008 football seasons .
Vladyslav Voytsekhovskyi ( Ukrainian : Владислав Павлович Войцеховський ; born 19 April 1993 in Mykhaylivka - Rubezhivka , Kiev - Sviatoshyn Raion , Kyiv Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently playing for FC Naftovyk - Ukrnafta Okhtyrka in the Ukrainian First League .
Ron Estay ( born December 22 , 1948 in Raceland , Louisiana ) is a former defensive lineman for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Bambang Pamungkas ( born 10 June 1980 ) , also known as Bepe , is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays for Persija Jakarta in the Indonesia Super League and previously the Indonesia national football team .
On 31 January 2011 , Zelão signed a four - year contract with FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Eugen Celeadnic ( born 9 October 1990 in Tiraspol , Moldova ) is a Moldavian football Defender who plays for FC Speranța Crihana Veche .
George Ferry ( 8 August 1931 -- 6 February 2005 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Carlton Football Club from 1952 to 1961 .
Wilson Rodrigues Fonseca , or simply Wilson ( born 21 March 1985 ) , is a Brazilian striker , currently playing for Vegalta Sendai .
Gareth Firm is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC , and Hunslet Hawks .
Silvio Marzolini ( born October 4 , 1940 in Buenos Aires ) is a former Argentine football player who gained recognition during his tenure on Boca Juniors ( 1960 - -72 ) .
José Mari failed to settle in Italy after a big - money move to A.C. Milan in January 2000 --
Bogdan Radivojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Богдан Радивојевић ; born 2 March 1993 ) is a Serbian handball player for SG Flensburg - Handewitt and the Serbian national team .
Martin Jeppesen or just Jeppe ( born December 29 , 1970 ) is a Danish football player who has spent the majority of his career with Boldklubben Frem .
Hameed Youssef Al - Qallaf ( born 10 August 1987 ) is a Kuwaiti football player who currently plays for Al - Arabi SC as Goalkeeper .
Chan Wai Ho wears no . 15 at South China AA to commemorate his former Rangers FC teammate Cheung Yiu Lun , who died in October 2003 in a traffic accident .
José Antonio Delgado Villar ( born 30 March 1993 ) , known as Nono , is a Spanish footballer who plays for UCAM Murcia CF on loan from Elche CF as a central midfielder .
Nevio Scala ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈnɛvjo ˈskala ) ; born 22 November 1947 ) is an Italian football coach and former player , who played as a midfielder for several Italian clubs , and who won several titles during his time with A.C. Milan .
Oleksandr Funderat ( born 24 November 1972 in Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian former football player and current manager of FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk .
Filipp Sirik ( born 3 March 1990 in Moscow ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league .
Russ Washington ( born December 17 , 1946 ) was an offensive and defensive lineman for the San Diego Chargers of the American Football League and National Football League from 1968 - 1982 .
Thibault Marchal ( born May 22 , 1986 in Montmorency , Val - d'Oise ) is a French professional football player , who currently plays for Clermont Foot .
Alexander Munksgaard ( born 13 December 1997 ) is a Danish footballer who currently plays for Danish Superliga side FC Midtjylland .
Keith Uecker ( born June 29 , 1960 ) is a former guard in the National Football League who played eight seasons for the Green Bay Packers and two for the Denver Broncos .
Les Josephson ( born July 29 , 1942 ) is a former National Football League running back who played eleven seasons with the Los Angeles Rams .
Xavi made his way through the youth and reserve teams and was a key member of Josep Maria Gonzalvo 's FC Barcelona B team that won promotion to the Second Division .
Mouaouia Meklouche ( born November 3 , 1990 in Algiers ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a midfielder for MC Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 , on loan from USM Alger .
Ken Fantetti ( born April 7 , 1957 ) is a former American football linebacker who played in the NFL for the Detroit Lions from 1979 through 1985 .
Ted Drews ( December 15 , 1902 -- April 15 , 1982 ) was an American football player who played wide receiver for two seasons for the Chicago Bears and Brooklyn Lions .
Kim Sun - hyung ( born January 7 , 1988 ) is a South Korean basketball player for Seoul SK Knights and the Korean national team , where he participated at the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup .
Joseph Mbu ( born 24 December 1981 ) is a Nigerian - born English rugby union player who played most recently for US Dax in the Top 14 competition in France .
Charles Negedu ( born 10 October 1989 in Kaduna ) is a football player , who currently plays for Enugu Rangers .
Sergei Vladimirovich Panov ( Russian : Серге́й Владимирович Панов ; born 13 July 1989 ) is a football goalkeeper who currently plays for FC Sakhalin Yuzhno - Sakhalinsk .
Nawaf Falah ( Arabic : نواف فلاح‎ ) ( born 20 June 1986 in Az Zubayr , Basra , Iraq ) is an Iraqi football player who currently plays for Naft Al - Janoob in Iraq .
Johnny Monell ( born March 4 , 1986 ) is an American professional baseball catcher in the New York Mets organization .
Darren Morris ( born 24 September 1974 ) is a former Wales international rugby union player who also represented the British and Irish Lions .
Gideon Jung ( born 12 September 1994 ) is a German professional footballer who currently plays for Bundesliga club Hamburger SV .
Tim Streather ( born 14 June 1988 ) is a rugby union player who plays for Saracens in the Aviva Premiership .
Seyed Reza Talabeh Yazdi ( Persian : رضا طلبه یزدی‎‎ , born March 8 , 1989 in Yazd ) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Malavan F.C. in the Iran Pro League .
Leandro Aparecido Padilha de Oliveira or simply Leandro Oliveira ( born January 2 , 1988 in Campo Grande ) , is a Brazilian football midfielder who currently plays for Thespakusatsu Gunma .
Vladan Spasojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Bлaдaн Спасојевић , born 11 October 1980 ) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with FK Kolubara in the Serbian First League .
Torrin Tucker ( born December 25 , 1979 ) is a former American football offensive tackle that played in the National Football League for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , Oakland Raiders , New York Dragons , Houston Texans , Florida Tuskers and Sacramento Mountain Lions .
Reuben Thayaparan Kathiripillai also known as K. Reuben ( born 2 April 1990 at Petaling Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia ) is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays for ATM FA in the Malaysia Super League .
Ricardo Miguel Martins Alves ( born 9 May 1991 in Vila Nova de Cerveira , Viana do Castelo ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Romanian club FC Astra Giurgiu as either a left back or a central defender .
Leon McFadden ( born April 26 , 1944 in Little Rock , Arkansas ) is a former right - handed Major League Baseball shortstop and outfielder who played from 1968 to 1970 for the Houston Astros .
Petr Svoboda ( born February 14 , 1966 ) is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman who played 17 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Montreal Canadiens , Buffalo Sabres , Philadelphia Flyers and Tampa Bay Lightning .
Dominik Graňák ( born June 11 , 1983 ) , is a professional Slovakian ice hockey defenceman , currently playing for HC Fribourg - Gottéron of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Jimmy Orr ( born October 4 , 1935 ) is a former American Football wide receiver who played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Baltimore Colts for 13 seasons from 1958 to 1970 .
Héctor Vargas Baldús ( born 15 March 1959 ) is an Argentinian football manager who has worked primarily in the Liga Nacional de Honduras and is currently manager of C.D. Olimpia .
Nathan Batty is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s , playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , Dewsbury Rams , and Featherstone Rovers , as a Fullback .
Sokol Bulku ( born 6 January 1978 ) is a retired Albanian footballer who played the majority of his career with KF Tirana , also having stints at Partizani Tirana , KF Elbasani and Kastrioti Krujë .
Zineddine Mekkaoui ( Arabic : زين الدين مكاوي‎ ; born January 10 , 1987 in Algiers ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a midfielder for JS Kabylie in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Patrick Goodpaster was an NFL defensive end for the National Football League 's Baltimore Ravens , joining the team in 2005 .
Val Belcher ( July 6 , 1954 -- September 12 , 2010 ) was an American football offensive guard in the Canadian Football League for the Ottawa Rough Riders and the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
Steve Uzelac ( born 12 March 1953 ) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Doncaster Rovers , Mansfield Town , Preston North End and Stockport County .
Baltasar Rigo Cifré ( born 26 June 1985 in Campos , Majorca , Balearic Islands ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Guijuelo as a central defender .
Kelley Cain ( born May 16 , 1989 ) is an American basketball center who last played for the Connecticut Sun of the WNBA .
Khangebam Thoi Singh ( born 5 October 1990 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Bengaluru FC in the I - League on loan from Chennaiyin in the Indian Super League .
Ihor Kharatin ( Ukrainian : Ігор Ігорович Харатін ; born 2 February 1995 in Mukacheve , Zakarpattia Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently playing for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Menzi Masuku ( born 15 April 1993 ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder for Orlando Pirates .
Naruepol Fairtex ( Thai : นฤพนธ์ แฟร์เท็กซ์ ; born July 1 , 1984 ) is a Thai welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Evolve MMA in Singapore .
Hysen Memolla ( born 3 July 1992 in Kavajë ) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a left back for Slovenian PrvaLiga side FC Koper , on loan from Hellas Verona .
Omar Israel Jaime Vera ( born 20 April 1981 ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays as defender for Estudiantes de Altamira as their captain in Liga de Ascenso .
Kevin Primeau ( born January 3 , 1955 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played two games in the National Hockey League ( NHL)with the Vancouver Canucks .
Ivica Vrdoljak ( pronounced ( îʋit͡sa ʋr̩dǒʎaːk ) ; born 19 September 1983 ) is a Croatian professional footballer , currently playing for Legia Warsaw .
On 23 December 2009 PSV Eindhoven decided to loan out Reimond Manco until June to Peruvian club Juan Aurich .
Rafit Eyad ( Arabic : رأفت عياد‎ ; born January 5 , 1986 in Palestine ) is a Palestinian professional football ( soccer ) player currently playing for Jerusalem side Jabal Al - Mukaber of the West Bank Premier League .
Justin Ammar ( born March 25 , 1988 in St. Albert , Alberta ) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League .
George Gulyanics ( June 11 , 1921 -- January 19 , 1990 ) was born in Mishawaka , Indiana and was a professional American football player who played running back and punter for six seasons for the Chicago Bears .
Eifion Lewis - Roberts ( born 13 February 1981 in St Asaph , Denbighshire , Wales ) is a Welsh international rugby union player for Sale Sharks .
Stéphane Paul Dibi ( born December 28 , 1990 in Abidjan ) is an Ivorian footballer who last played for MC Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Stuart Arundel is a former rugby league player and current board member at Featherstone Rovers RLFC .
David Rodman ( born September 10 , 1983 ) is a Slovenian professional ice hockey player , currently under contract with Dresdner Eislöwen in the DEL2 .
Suat Serdar ( born 11 April 1997 ) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for 1 . FSV Mainz 05 in the Bundesliga .
Mike Faulkerson Dulaney born September 9 , 1970 , in Kingsport , TN is a former American football fullback in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears and Carolina Panthers .
Azamat Baymatov ( born 3 December 1988 ) is a Kyrgyzstani international footballer who plays for Sitra Club in Bahraini Premier League , as a defender .
Corin Henry ( born October 5 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Jämtland Basket of Sweden 's Basketligan .
Héctor Simón Escudero ( born 13 March 1984 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UE Olot as an attacking midfielder .
Rae Lamar Wiggins ( born January 20 , 1974 ) , known as Rae Carruth , is a former professional American football player , a wide receiver for the Carolina Panthers of the NFL .
Lynn Nolan Ryan , Jr. ( born January 31 , 1947 ) , nicknamed `` The Ryan Express '' , is a former Major League Baseball ( MLB ) pitcher and a previous chief executive officer ( CEO ) of the Texas Rangers .
Patrik Lostedt is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who used to play for Espoo Blues of the SM - liiga .
Bruno Miguel Mendes Alves ( born 9 June 1990 in Guimarães ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Vitória S.C. as a midfielder .
From August 2011 , Dawda Bah signed a contract with FC Augsburg on a three - year deal .
Trond Fredriksen ( born 21 May 1977 in Ålesund ) is a former Norwegian football midfielder and the interim manager for Aalesunds FK after the sacking of Harald Aabrekk on 28 April 2014 .
Theodoros Pallas ( Greek : Θεόδωρος Πάλλας ; born in 1949 ) , a Greek football player , was a defender for Aris Thessaloniki F.C. during the period 1966 - -1980 .
Steve Sullivan ( born July 6 , 1974 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played over 1000 games in the National Hockey League for the New Jersey Devils , Toronto Maple Leafs , Chicago Blackhawks , Nashville Predators , Pittsburgh Penguins and Phoenix Coyotes .
Edison Francisco Gómez Bentancour ( born November 14 , 1990 in Mercedes , Soriano ) , commonly known as Edison Gómez , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a striker for Panserraikos F.C. in the Greek Football League .
Marty Martinello ( born January 6 , 1931 ) is a former professional Canadian football defensive lineman who played thirteen seasons in the Canadian Football League , winning a Grey Cup with the Hamilton Tiger - Cats in his last next to last season .
Kevin Novak ( born September 1 , 1982 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American soccer defender , who played two seasons for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer and one for the Rochester Raging Rhinos of the USL First Division .
Lee Ho - seok ( Hangul : 이호석 ; born 21 May 1991 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as attacking midfielder for Gyeongnam FC in K League Challenge .
Danique Stein is a Swiss football defender , currently playing for FC Basel in the Nationalliga A. She has also played for Concordia Basel ( Nat . A ) , SC Freiburg and SC 07 Bad Neuenahr ( Bundesliga ) .
Stéphanie Mugneret - Béghé is a French former football midfielder who played for FCF Lyon and FCF Juvisy in the French First Division and the Boston Breakers in the WUSA .
Patrick Mössmer ( born 25 October 1982 ) is an Austrian ice hockey right winger currently playing for the HC TWK Innsbruck of the Erste Bank Hockey League .
Dylan Skee is an Australian born English rugby league player for London Skolars in the Co - operative Championship One .
Marco Cyncar ( born April 13 , 1958 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a former Canadian Football League receiver who played eleven seasons for the Edmonton Eskimos .
Evgeny Zhdanov ( born July 20 , 1983 ) is a professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for HK Beibarys Atyrau of the Kazakhstani Championship .
Kristjan Glibo ( born 1 April 1982 in Bruchsal ) is a German football manager and retired football defender or defensive midfielder , who currently is the manager of SV Sandhausen II .
Zhang Yalin started his football career in the 2000 Chinese league season for Dalian Shide F.C. and would quickly establish himself within the team that won the league title .
Nazmi Albadawi ( born August 24 , 1991 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Carolina RailHawks in the NASL .
Matías Emilio Delgado ( born 15 December 1982 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Swiss Super League Club FC Basel .
Stephanie Bairstow ( born 10 October 1994 ) is an Australian basketball player who has competed for Australian Institute of Sport in the Women 's National Basketball League during the 2011/2012 season .
LaToya Bond ( born February 13 , 1984 ) is an American professional women 's basketball player with the Indiana Fever of the WNBA .
Jabari Issa ( born April 18 , 1978 ) was a defensive lineman at the University of Washington , drafted in the 2000 NFL Draft by the Arizona Cardinals where he played from 2000 - 2001 .
Giannis Vonortas ( Greek : Γιάννης Βονόρτας ) ( born 25 June 1960 in Wrocław , Poland ) is a Greek football manager , who is assistant manager of Panathinaikos F.C ..
Marek Kysela ( born 10 July 1992 ) is a professional Czech football defender currently playing for FK Baumit Jablonec .
Sahil Sandhu ( born 5 January 1991 ) is an Indian born - Canadian professional soccer player who played as a forward for Whitecaps FC 2 in the United Soccer League .
Anthony Muleta ( born January 31 , 1986 in Marseille , Bouches - du - Rhône ) , is a French rugby union player , who plays as a hooker for RC Toulonnais .
Morris Trachsler ( born 15 July 1984 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey player who is currently under contract with the ZSC Lions of the National League A ( NLA ) .
Róbert Rák ( born 15 January 1978 in Rimavská Sobota ) is a retired Slovak professional footballer who played as a striker for MFK Zemplín Michalovce and FC Nitra .
Agung Suprayogi ( born on December 4 , 1984 ) is an Indonesian footballer that last played for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League .
Tomislav Barišić ( born 6 March 1993 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays for FK Velež Mostar and plays as a defender .
Tawfiq Ali Abuhammad ( Arabic : توفيق علي‎ ; born 8 November 1990 ) is a Palestinian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Palestine national football team and Tarji Wadi Al - Nes in the West Bank Premier League .
Gerome Giudice ( born March 11 , 1989 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who last played for the Coventry Blaze in the Elite Ice Hockey League in the United Kingdom .
Wênio Moraes Pio ( born 9 September 1979 ) , known simply as Wênio , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Mineiros Esporte Clube as a defensive midfielder .
Mason Caton - Brown ( born 24 May 1993 in Enfield , England ) is an English rugby league player for Salford Red Devils .
Devi Muka ( born 21 December 1976 in Vlorë ) is a former Albanian footballer who has spent the majority of his career playing for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga as a midfielder .
Lieutenant Colonel Victor Buller Turner VC , CVO ( 17 January 1900 -- 7 August 1972 ) was a British Army officer and English recipient of the Victoria Cross ( VC ) during the Second World War , the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
General Francis Richard Dannatt , Baron Dannatt GCB , CBE , MC , DL ( born 23 December 1950 ) is a retired British Army officer and the incumbent Constable of the Tower of London .
The 3rd Carabiniers ( Prince of Wales 's Dragoon Guards ) was a cavalry regiment of the British Army .
The Royal Fusiliers ( City of London Regiment ) was a line infantry regiment of the British Army in continuous existence for 283 years .
Robert E. Wheeler is a Major General in the United States Air Force .
William Brian Binnie ( born 1953 ) is a former United States Navy officer and is one of the test pilots for SpaceShipOne , the experimental spaceplane developed by Scaled Composites .
William Campbell Langfitt ( 10 August 1860 -- 20 April 1934 ) was a Major General in the United States Army .
Arthur Shallett was a British Army general who served during the War of the Spanish Succession .
The 6th Queen Elizabeth 's Own Gurkha Rifles was a rifle regiment of the British Indian Army comprising Gurkha soldiers of Nepalese origin , before being transferred to the British Army following India 's independence .
Robert Whitney Burns ( September 15 , 1908 -- September 5 , 1964 ) was a Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force who commanded the Air Training Command from August 1 , 1963 to August 10 , 1964 .
When Józef Haller graduated from the university he was designated the rank of Second Lieutenant and then started his 15-year - long service with the Austro - Hungarian Army .
Captain Charles Barrington Balfour JP , DL , CB ( 20 February 1862 -- 31 August 1921 ) was a British Army officer who became a Conservative Party politician .
Sir Henry Heathcote ( 20 January 1777 -- 16 August 1851 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Fenwick Bulmer de Sales La Terriere ( 1856 - -1925 ) was a Colonel of the British Army , Knight of the Order of the Medjidie , a member of the French nobility , and an author .
General Sir Charles Leslie Richardson GCB CBE DSO ( 11 August 1908 -- 7 February 1994 ) was a British Army general who reached high office in the 1950s .
Lieutenant William Ward Burrows II ( 6 October 1785 -- 5 September 1813 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the First Barbary War and the War of 1812 .
James Hitselberger is a former United States Navy linguist who was charged with violating the Espionage Act of 1917 .
General Sir Edward Kerrison , 1st Baronet , GCH , KCB ( 30 July 1776 -- 9 March 1853 ) was a British Army officer and politician .
In Greek mythology , Orestes ( /ɒˈrɛstiːz/ ; Greek : Ὀρέστης ( oˈrestɛːs ) ) was the son of Clytemnestra and Agamemnon .
John of Montfort was born in 1295 , the only son to Arthur II of Brittany and his second wife Yolande of Dreux .
Infante Gonzalo of Spain ( Gonzalo Manuel Maria Bernardo Narciso Alfonso Mauricio ) ( 24 October 1914 -- 13 August 1934 ) was the fourth surviving son and youngest child of King Alfonso XIII of Spain and his wife Princess Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg .
Arun Vijay 's step mother is actress Manjula Vijayakumar , who played lead roles in over 100 films in the 1970s , while his half - sisters Vanitha , Preetha and Sridevi have also appeared in several films .
In Irish mythology , Fódla or Fótla ( modern spelling : Fódhla or Fóla ) , daughter of Ernmas of the Tuatha Dé Danann , was one of the tutelary goddesses of Ireland .
Léopoldine Hugo ( Léopoldine Cécile Marie - Pierre Catherine Hugo ; 28 August 1824 -- 4 September 1843 ) was the eldest daughter of novelist , poet , and dramatist Victor Hugo and his wife , Adèle Foucher .
Noble Mission 's dam is Kind , a daughter of Danehill , who was trained by Roger Charlton and won two Listed races .
Princess Tsehai Haile Selassie ( 13 October 1919 - 17 August 1942 ) was the third daughter and fourth child of Emperor Haile Selassie and Empress Menen Asfaw of Ethiopia .
Leonor , Princess of Asturias ( Leonor de Todos los Santos de Borbón y Ortiz ; born 31 October 2005 ) is the elder daughter of King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain .
Louise Élisabeth d'Orléans was one of the seven daughters of Philippe II , Duke of Orléans , and his wife , Françoise Marie de Bourbon .
William Herbert , 3rd Earl of Pembroke KG PC ( 8 April 1580 -- 10 April 1630 ) was the son of Henry Herbert , 2nd Earl of Pembroke and his third wife Mary Sidney .
Edward Randolph ( ~October 1690 -- after 1756 ) , sometimes referred to as Edward Randolph of Bremo , was a ship captain , a London tobacco merchant , and the seventh and youngest son of William Randolph and Mary Isham .
Tengku Muhammad Ismail was born 1 March 1998 as the second child and first son of Tengku Mizan Zainal Abidin , the Yang di - Pertuan Muda ( Crown Prince ) of Terengganu , and Sultanah Nur Zahirah .
The eldest child of Singapore 's first prime minister Lee Kuan Yew and his wife Kwa Geok Choo , Lee Hsien Loong was born in Singapore on 10 February 1952 .
Gaj Singh was born the only son of Maharaja Hanwant Singh of Jodhpur by his wife , Maharani Krishna Kumari of Dhrangadhra .
Marilou Berry is the daughter of filmmaker Josiane Balasko and sculptor Philippe Berry , and the niece of actor Richard Berry .
In Hawaiian mythology , Hiʻiaka is a daughter of Haumea and Kāne .
Shamkirchay ( Azerbaijani : Şəmkirçay ) is one of the tributaries of the Kura River located in northwestern part of Republic of Azerbaijan .
The Shaksgam River is a left tributary of the Yarkand River .
The Portage Diversion consists of two separate gates which divert some of the flow of water in the Assiniboine River to a 29 km long diversion channel that empties into Lake Manitoba near Delta Beach .
The Ventuari River is a river in the Orinoco basin in Venezuela .
The Dragovištica or Dragovishtitsa ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драговиштица ; Bulgarian : Драговищица ) is a river in southeastern Serbia and western Bulgaria , a 63 km - long right tributary to the Struma River .
The Aïgue Longue ( or Aygue Longue ) , is a left tributary of the Luy de Béarn , at Mazerolles , Pyrénées - Atlantiques , in the Southwest of France .
The Rivière des Remparts is a river on the Indian Ocean island of Réunion .
Aberfoyle River rises on the slopes of the Great Dividing Range , at Llangothlin , north of Guyra , and flows generally south southeast , east southeast , northeast , and east northeast , joined by three minor tributaries towards its confluence with the Guy Fawkes River , below Chaelundi Mountain , within Guy Fawkes River National Park .
The Verde River ( Yavapai : Haka'he : la ) is a major tributary of the Salt River in the U.S. state of Arizona .
Rough Run is a tributary of West Branch Fishing Creek in Sullivan County and Columbia County , in Pennsylvania , in the United States .
The Thouet ( pronounced : ( tu.e ) ) is a tributary river of the Loire in the Poitou - Charentes and Pays de la Loire régions of France .
Ergene ( Turkish : Ergene Nehri , Ancient Greek : Ἀγρίανες Agrianes ) is a major left tributary of the Maritsa ( Meriç ) river , flowing entirely in the East Thrace region of Turkey .
The Orlovka River ( Russian : Орловка ) is a river in Tomsk Oblast with its origins in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Russia , a right tributary of the Ket River ( Ob basin ) .
J. B. Lippincott & Co. was an American publishing house founded in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in 1836 by Joshua Ballinger Lippincott .
The Hessian matrix was developed in the 19th century by the German mathematician Ludwig Otto Hesse and later named after him .
Aristarchus ' inequality ( after the Greek astronomer and mathematician Aristarchus of Samos ; c. 310 -- c. 230 BCE ) is a law of trigonometry which states that if α and β are acute angles ( i.e. between 0 and a right angle ) and β < α then \frac(\sin\alpha)(\sin\beta ) < \frac(\alpha)(\beta ) < \frac(\tan\alpha)(\tan\beta ) .
The Fraser spiral illusion is an optical illusion that was first described by the British psychologist Sir James Fraser ( 1863 -- 1936 ) in 1908 .
In algebraic geometry , the Stein factorization , introduced by Karl Stein ( 1956 ) for the case of complex spaces , states that a proper morphism can be factorized as a composition of a finite mapping and a proper morphism with connected fibers .
Namaland was a bantustan in South West Africa ( present - day Namibia ) , intended by the apartheid government to be a self - governing homeland for the Nama people .
Cleveland obtained its name on July 22 , 1796 when surveyors of the Connecticut Land Company laid out Connecticut 's Western Reserve into townships and a capital city they named `` Cleaveland '' after their leader , General Moses Cleaveland .
In mathematics , the Kampé de Fériet function is a two - variable generalization of the generalized hypergeometric series , introduced by Joseph Kampé de Fériet .
Shamir 's Secret Sharing is an algorithm in cryptography created by Adi Shamir .
In mathematics , Hilbert 's second problem was posed by David Hilbert in 1900 as one of his 23 problems .
The Klein bottle was first described in 1882 by the German mathematician Felix Klein .
On February 4 , 2010 , it was announced that the Municipal Credit Union signed an agreement for the ballpark to be called MCU Park in an eleven - year naming rights deal .
In mathematics , the Cauchy principal value , named after Augustin Louis Cauchy , is a method for assigning values to certain improper integrals which would otherwise be undefined .
Its successor was known as `` Rabbath Ammon '' , which was the capital of the Ammonites , then as `` Philadelphia '' , and finally as Amman .
Chania International Airport , `` Daskalogiannis '' ( IATA : CHQ , ICAO : LGSA ) is an international airport located near Souda Bay on the Akrotiri Peninsula of the Greek island of Crete , serving the city of Chania , 14 kilometres ( 8.7 mi ) away .
Silvester ( also spelled sylvester , szilveszter , or sylwester ) is the day of the Feast of Pope Sylvester I , a saint who served as Pope of the Catholic Church from 314 to 335 and oversaw both the First Council of Nicaea and Roman Emperor Constantine I 's conversion to Christianity .
Richard B. Ogilvie Transportation Center /ˈoʊɡᵻlviː/ is a passenger terminal in downtown Chicago , Illinois , serving the three commuter rail lines of Metra 's Union Pacific District , which approach the terminal elevated above street level .
Dances with Dragon is a 1991 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Sharla Cheung .
Big Fish was shot on location in Alabama in a series of fairy tale vignettes evoking the tone of a Southern Gothic fantasy .
The Russian Room was a short film shot in New York City in 1997 and released in 1998 .
Shot in Las Colinas and Austin , Texas , Office Space is based on Judge 's Milton cartoon series .
Old Joy tells the story of two friends , Kurt ( Will Oldham ) and Mark ( Daniel London ) , as they reunite for a weekend camping trip in the Cascade mountain range and Bagby Hot Springs , east of Portland , Oregon .
New World Waiting is a novel for children by the American writer Anne Gussin Faigen set in 1900 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
You Are Empty is a first - person shooter video game based in a fictionalized postwar Soviet Union .
Jean - Baptiste Bouillaud ( 16 September 1796 -- 29 October 1881 ) was a French physician born in Bragette , now part of Garat , Charente .
Louis Ferdinand Alfred Maury ( March 23 , 1817 -- February 11 , 1892 ) , was a French scholar and physician , important because his ideas about the interpretation of dreams and the effect of external stimuli on dreams pre - dated those of Sigmund Freud .
Jacques Trémolet de Villers is a French writer , lawyer , president of the Catholic fundamentalist group La Cité Catholique since the 1980s and monarchist activist in the Restauration nationale movement .
Elżbieta Łukacijewska ( ( ɛlʐˈbjɛta wukat͡ɕiˈjɛfska ) , born November 25 , 1966 in Jasło ) is a Polish politician .
Anne Charrier is a French actress , who is credited with 7 films and 22 TV productions between 2000 and 2009 .
Philippe - Alexandre Le Brun de Charmettes ( 1785 - -1870 ) was a French historian , poet , translator and official .
Jacques Bergerac ( 26 May 1927 -- 15 June 2014 ) was a French actor , who later became a business executive with Revlon .
Nicolas Bréhal ( Gérald Solnitzki ) ( born 6 December 1952 Paris -- 31 May 1999 Levallois - Perret ) was a French novelist and literary critic .
Samdech Preah Sanghareach Bour Kry ( Khmer : បួរ គ្រី , IPA : ( ɓuə kriː ) ) ( born January 11 , 1945 ) is the seventh and current Supreme Patriarch of the Thammayut order of Cambodia .
Rémi Ochlik ( 16 October 1983 -- 22 February 2012 ) was an award - winning French photojournalist who was known for his photographs of war and conflict in Haiti and the Arab Spring revolutions .
Anksa Kara ( born March 24 , 1985 at Nkongsamba , Cameroon ) is a French pornographic actress .
Hippolyte Laroche ( 26 January 1848 - 14 September 1914 ) was a French naval officer , colonial administrator and politician .
Jacky Ido ( born 14 May 1977 ) is a Burkinabe - born French actor .
Dominique Blanchar ( born 2 June 1927 ) is a French cinema actress .
Charles - Philippe Robin ( 4 June 1821 - -5 October 1885 ) was a French anatomist , biologist , and histologist born in Jasseron , département Ain .
Pierre Malet ( born 3 September 1955 at Saint - Tropez , Var ) is a French actor .
René Souchon ( born 12 March 1943 in Le Malzieu - Ville , Lozère ) is the regional president of the French region of Auvergne .
Maurice Bompard was French Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire , from 1909 to 1914 .
Pierre Juquin ( born February 22 , 1930 , in Clermont - Ferrand ) is a French communist politician and trade unionist .
André Chamson ( 6 June 1900 -- 9 November 1983 ) was a French archivist , novelist and essayist .
Jean - Étienne Liotard ( 22 December 1702 -- 12 June 1789 ) was a Swiss - French painter , art connoisseur and dealer .
Marie Joseph Louis Adolphe Thiers ( French : ( lwi adɔlf tjɛʁ ) ; 15 April 1797 -- 3 September 1877 ) was a French statesman and historian .
Matthias Berninger ( born 1971 ) , is a former German politician and member of The Greens in the from 1993 until 2007 .
Louis Puech ( 1 May 1851 , Gavernac , Bozouls , Aveyron -- 15 July 1947 , Aubignac , Aveyron ) was a député of the French Third Republic and Minister of Public Works in the second government of Aristide Briand from 3 November 1910 to 24 February 1911 .
Jean Joseph Victor Génissieu ( 29 October 1749 -- 27 October 1804 ) was a French lawyer and politician who was in turn president of the National Convention , Minister of Justice and president of the Council of Five Hundred during the French Revolution .
Martine Le Coz ( born 13 September 1955 Charente ) is a French novelist .
Athénaïs Michelet ( 1826 - -1899 ) , née Athénaïs Mialaret , was a French natural history writer and memoirist .
Aimé Simon - Girard ( March 20 , 1889 - July 15 , 1950 ) , in Paris , France was a French film actor .
Didier Lestrade ( born 22 February 1958 ) , is a French author , magazine publisher , AIDS and LGBT rights advocate .
Michel Vinaver ( born Michel Grinberg ; 13 January 1927 ) is a French writer and dramatist .
Bernardo Atxaga ( born July 27 , 1951 ) ( pseudonym of Joseba Irazu Garmendia ) is a Spanish Basque writer and self - translator .
Hedwig Lachmann ( 29 August 1865 -- 21 February 1918 ) was a German author , translator and poet .
Henriette Ragon ( 10 June 1918 -- 30 April 2015 ) , better known as Patachou , was a French singer and actress .
Marie - Arlette Carlotti ( born in Béziers on 21 January 1952 ) is a French politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the south - east of France .
Géo - Charles real name Charles Louis Proper Guyot ( March 22 , 1892 -- July 7 , 1963 ) was a French poet .
Jean Antoine Ernest Constans ( 3 May 1833 -- 7 April 1913 ) was a French politician and colonial administrator .
Octave Mirbeau ( 16 February 1848 -- 16 February 1917 ) was a French journalist , art critic , travel writer , pamphleteer , novelist , and playwright , who achieved celebrity in Europe and great success among the public , while still appealing to the literary and artistic avant - garde .
Admiral Raden Eddy Martadinata ( often stylised R. E. Martadinata ; 29 March 1921 -- 6 October 1966 ) was an Indonesian Navy admiral and diplomat .
Numa Sadoul ( born 7 May 1947 , Brazzaville , French Equatorial Africa ( now Republic of Congo ) ) is a French writer , actor , and director , who has been a resident of France since 1966 .
Claude Adhémar André Theuriet ( French : ( ɑ̃dʁe tøʁjɛ ) ; 8 October 1833 , Marly - le - Roi -- 23 April 1907 , Bourg - la - Reine ) French poet and novelist .
Catherine Robbe - Grillet ( née Rstakian ; born 24 September 1930 ) is a French theatre and cinema actress , photographer , and writer who has published sadomasochistic writings under the pseudonyms Jean de Berg and Jeanne de Berg .
Pierre Forgeot ( 10 March 1888 -- 30 June 1956 ) was a French lawyer , politician and businessman who was involved in issues of war damages during and after World War I ( 1914 - -18 ) .
Said Boualam ( born at Souk Ahras , French Algeria in 1906 , dead at Mas - Thibert , France in 1982 ) was a French politician and army officer .
René Jadfard ( born January 24 , 1899 in Cayenne , French Guiana , and died November 9 , 1947 ) was a politician from French Guiana who was elected to the French National Assembly in 1947 , journalist and novelist .
Count Hippolyte François Jaubert ( 28 October 1798 -- 5 December 1874 ) was a French politician and botanist .
Philipp Jenninger ( born 10 June 1932 ) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union and diplomat .
Georges Polti or George Polti ( 15 December 1867 -- June 1946 ) was a French writer , best - known today for his list of thirty - six dramatic situations .
Bertille Noël - Bruneau ( born February 26 , 1996 ) is a young French actress , who became famous through her role in the French film The Fox and the Child .
Suhayb ar - Rumi ( Arabic : صهيب الرومي‎ ) ( born c. 587 ) , also known as Suhayb ibn Sinan , was a former slave in the Byzantine Empire who went on to become an esteemed companion of Muhammad and revered member of the early Muslim community .
Jean Yanne is the artist name of Jean Gouyé ( 18 July 1933 -- 23 May 2003 ) , was a French actor , writer , film director and composer .
André Mauprey ( 19 August 1881 -- 3 February 1939 ) was a French writer , composer , librettist , and actor .
Jean - Hugues Anglade ( born 29 July 1955 ) is a French actor , film director and screenwriter , best known for his roles as Eric in Killing Zoe , Zorg in Betty Blue and Marco , the boyfriend of Nikita , in Nikita .
François Sagat ( born 5 June 1979 ) is a French male gay pornographic film actor , model and director who has also appeared in mainstream media .
Samuel Le Bihan ( born 2 November 1965 ) is a French actor , most notable for his role in Brotherhood of the Wolf .
Michel Boujenah ( born 3 November 1952 ) is a French actor , comedian , film director and screenwriter .
Dick Ket ( October 10 , 1902 -- September 15 , 1940 ) was a Dutch magic realist painter noted for his still lifes and self - portraits .
Eberhard Gienger ( born 21 July 1951 in Künzelsau , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German politician ( CDU ) and former gymnast .
Félix Mayol ( 18 November 1872 -- 26 October 1941 ) was a French singer and entertainer .
Dominique Larifla ( born July 6 , 1936 in Guadeloupe ) is a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French Senate from 1995 - -2004 and the French National Assembly from 1988 - 1993 .
Jean - Pierre Garen ( 10 November 1932 -- 4 March 2004 ) was a French physician and author of soft sci - fi novels about Mark Stone , agent of the Surveillance Service Of Primitive Planets .
Ferdinand - Alphonse Hamelin ( 2 September 1796 -- 10 January 1864 ) , French admiral , was born in Pont - l'Évêque , Normandy .
Georges Badin ( 13 March 1927 -- 23 November 2014 ) was a French poet and painter .
Pieter van den Broecke ( 25 February 1585 , Antwerp - 1 December 1640 , Strait of Malacca ) was a Dutch cloth merchant in the service of the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) , and one of the first Dutchmen to taste coffee .
Telisha Shaw ( born October 4 , 1978 ) is an American actress , dancer , and singer .
Lee Johnson ( born August 21 , 1957 ) , better known as DJ Flash /djˈflɑːsh/ , is an American DJ , hip hop producer , record producer , archivist , and rapper .
The Rev. Dr. W. Maynard Pittendreigh is an astronomer , writer and an ordained minister in the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) .
George H. Brickner ( January 21 , 1834 -- August 12 , 1904 ) was a German - born American Democratic politician .
Lawrence Gilman ( July 5 , 1878 in Flushing , New York -- September 8 , 1939 in Sugar Hill , New Hampshire ) was a U.S. author and music critic .
Hjalmar Sundén ( 1908 - -1993 ) was a Swedish psychologist , known for his contributions to the psychology of religion and for his development of `` role theory '' .
Adriana Ozores is the daughter of the actor José Luis , who died when she was 9 years old .
Jack Donner ( born October 29 , 1928 ) is an American actor whose career in theater , television and film has extended over six decades .
Osmay Acosta Méndez Duarte ( born April 3 , 1985 ) is a Cuban amateur boxer best known to win the 2007 PanAm Games at Heavyweight with 201 lbs ( 91 kg ) limit .
John Kelday Smith ( c1834 - 1889 ) was a Scottish born bellhanger and songwriter in the middle and late 19th century , many of the songs being in the local Geordie dialect .
Cornelius Mathews ( October 28 , 1817 -- March 25 , 1889 ) , was an American writer , best known for his crucial role in the formation of a literary group known as Young America in the late 1830s , with editor Evert Duyckinck and author William Gilmore Simms .
Joanna Stingray ( Russian : Джоанна Стингрей , ( dʐɐˈanə sʲtʲɪŋˈɡrʲej ) , born Joanna Fields , 1960 , USA ) is an American singer , actress , music producer and socialite .
Amanda Reason ( born August 22 , 1993 ) is a Canadian breaststroke swimmer and a former world - record holder in the 50-metre breaststroke ( long course ) .
Mansour al - Omari ( Arabic : منصور العمري‎ ) is a Syrian journalist and human rights defender , he contributed to the documentation of human rights violations in Syria with the beginning of the Syrian Uprising .
Gian Battista Mantegazzi ( October 23 , 1889 -- February 5 , 1958 ) was a Swiss - Italian composer best known for his marches .
Maciej Lewenstein , born in Warsaw in 1955 , is a theoretical physicist , currently a ICREA professor at ICFO --
Dimitar Panov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Панов ) was a Bulgarian film and theater actor and director , born in 1902 , deceased in 1985 .
Ozzie Sweet ( Oscar Cowan Corbo ; September 10 , 1918 in Stamford , Connecticut -- February 20 , 2013 in York Harbor , Maine ) was a sports photographer whose best work in photography was in creating an image , not capturing one .
Agnes Charbonneau was an American educator and politician .
Marylyn Chiang ( born 1977 ) is a former Canadian swimmer who won two silver medals at the 2000 FINA Short Course World Championships in Athens , Greece .
Joseph Roger Rémi Bujold , PC , CM ( born October 18 , 1944 ) is a lawyer and former Canadian politician .
Robert Charles Winthrop ( May 12 , 1809 -- November 16 , 1894 ) was an American lawyer and philanthropist and one time Speaker of the United States House of Representatives .
Thomas M. Reynolds ( born September 3 , 1950 ) , commonly known as Tom Reynolds , is a politician from the U.S. state of New York , formerly representing the state 's 27th and 26th Congressional district in the United States House of Representatives .
Léo - Paul Desrosiers ( April 11 , 1896 -- April 20 , 1967 ) was a Quebec writer and journalist well known for his historical novels .
Juliette Augusta Magill Kinzie ( September 11 , 1806 -- September 15 , 1870 ) was an American historian , writer and pioneer of the American Midwest .
David Douglas Duncan ( born January 23 , 1916 ) is an American photojournalist who is best known for his dramatic combat photographs .
Jamie Swift is an award - winning Canadian journalist , author , and activist .
Alfred Browning Parker was a Modernist architect who is one of the best - known post World War II residential architects .
James Chowning Davies ( May 6 , 1918 -- March 30 , 2012 ) was an American sociologist and professor emeritus of political science at the University of Oregon .
Cliff Sarde is an American composer , multi - instrumentalist and recording artist .
Emilie Bydwell ( born 31 August 1985 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian American rugby union player .
Michael L. Brown ( born 1955 ) is an American Messianic Jew , radio host , conservative and author .
Mary Sturt ( 8 September 1896 - 1994 ? ) was a British educational psychologist and historian of education .
Katherine Cole is an American wine writer and journalist based in Oregon .
Hack Kampmann ( September 6 , 1856 -- June 27 , 1920 ) was a Danish architect and professor of architecture at the architecture department of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen .
Jose Antonio Vargas ( born February 3 , 1981 ) is a journalist , filmmaker , and immigration rights activist .
Sid Sutton is a British graphic designer most famous for designing the Doctor Who title sequences from 1981 until 1986 .
Mohammed Rashied Doekhie , also written as Doekhie , is a Surinamese politician and a former district commissioner of Nickerie .
Sitaram Agrahari ( born c.1957 ) is a Nepalese journalist , poet and editor - in - chief of Gorkhapatra , Nepal 's oldest daily newspaper .
Sue Ellspermann ( born c. 1960 ) is an American politician who serves as the 50th and current Lieutenant Governor of Indiana .
William Cranch ( July 17 , 1769 -- September 1 , 1855 ) was an American judge and the second reporter of decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States .
David L. Gilmore is a former judge of the Courts of Common Pleas in Washington County , Pennsylvania .
Murray Ward was an Australian rules footballer with the Claremont Football Club during the 1950s and 60 's .
Zach Boddicker is an American musician best known as the original lead guitarist and pedal steel guitarist in the alt - country band Drag the River , and now as guitarist , vocalist , and songwriter for Denver , Colorado - based rock band 4H Royalty .
Carolee Schneemann began her art career as a painter in the late 1950s .
Sofia Imber is a Venezuelan journalist and supporter of the arts .
Nicholas McGaughey is a Welsh television actor best known for playing the character of Brandon Monk in the Welsh soap Pobol y Cwm .
Denis Lerrer Rosenfield , Ph.D. is a Brazilian writer and columnist .
Cameron Skelton ( born 8 March 1995 in Auckland , New Zealand ) , is a professional rugby union player who plays for the Waikato Chiefs in the Super 15 competition .
Indrek Saar ( born February 20 , 1973 ) is an Estonian politician , a member of the Social Democratic Party , and an actor .
Nona Freeman ( July 25 , 1916 -- December 26 , 2009 ) , was an American Oneness Pentecostal preacher ; columnist , evangelist , author and missionary to Africa .
Non Boonjumnong ( Thai : นน บุญจำนงค์ , born June 12 , 1982 as Manon Boonjumnong ) is a Thai amateur boxer who won silver at welterweight at the World Championships 2007 .
Joshua Bartholomew ( born July 30 , 1984 ) , known mononymously as Bartholomew , is a Canadian singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , and producer .
Kevin Rathbun is an American chef active in Atlanta though originally from Kansas City , Missouri .
Ignacy Krasicki was the leading literary representative of the Polish Enlightenment -- a prose writer and poet highly esteemed by his contemporaries , who admired his works for their wit , imagination and fluid style .
Yusuf Khass Hajib ( Arabic : يوسف خاصّ حاجب‎ ; Yūsuf Khāṣṣ Ḥājib Balasağuni ; Uyghur : يۈسۈپ خاس ھاجىپ‎ ; Kyrgyz : Жусуп Баласагын ) was an 11th - century Turkic poet from the city of Balasaghun , the capital of the Karakhanid Empire in modern - day Kyrgyzstan .
George Elton Mayo ( 1880 - -1949 ) was an Australian born psychologist , industrial researcher , and organizational theorist .
Michael A. Rogers is an author and futurist who served two years ( 2006 - 8 ) as futurist - in - residence for The New York Times Company .
Robin Spriggs ( born April 1 , 1974 ) is an American writer , actor , and poet .
Edwin Taylor Shell , known as Eddy Shell ( April 6 , 1937 -- May 2 , 2008 ) , was a prominent educator and politician in Bossier Parish in northwestern Louisiana .
Ida Georgina Moberg ( b. 13 Feb 1859 , d. 2 Aug 1947 ) was a Finnish composer and conductor .
Hussein Chalayan MBE ( /huːˌseɪn ˈʃʌləjɑːn/ ; given name Hüseyin Çağlayan , Turkish : ( hyseˌjin ʧaːlaˈjan ) ) ( born 8 August 1970 ) is a British / Turkish Cypriot fashion designer .
George O. Jackson , Jr. ( born October 2 , 1941 in Houston , Texas ) , is a photographer who documented the seasonal religious festivals of the indigenous peoples of Mexico .
Emily Wright ( born July 1 , 1980 ) is an American songwriter , producer and engineer currently based in Nashville .
Dmytro Grabovskyy ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Грабовський , born September 30 , 1985 ) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer , who last competed for UCI Continental team ISD - Lampre .
Brian Cherney ( born 1942 ) is a Canadian composer currently residing in Montreal , Quebec .
Kenyon Cox ( October 27 , 1856 -- March 17 , 1919 ) was an American painter , illustrator , muralist , writer , and teacher .
RoseMarie Reyes ( born January 13 , 1986 ) is an American print model and actress .
Cláudio Camunguelo ( June 5 , 1947 -- December 24 , 2007 ) was a Brazilian flautist , dancer , composer and singer / improviser of samba and choro .
Johannes Baader ( June 22 , 1875 -- January 15 , 1955 ) , originally trained as an architect , was a writer and artist associated with Dada in Berlin .
Tristan Pfaff ( born 1985 ) is a French pianist , trained at the Paris Conservatory under Michel Béroff .
Franciscus Maelson ( 1538 - -1601 ) , originally from Enkhuizen in what was then West Friesland , was a Dutch physician , statesman and member of the States of Holland ( representative assembly ) .
Angel Lam is a New York - based Hong Kong - born composer and writer .
Dr. Leela Omchery is a classical singer , musicologist and writer .
Caelius Aurelianus of Sicca in Numidia was a Roman physician and writer on medical topics .
Yoann Fréget is a French singer , and the winner of the season 2 of the French competition series The Voice : la plus belle voix as part of Team Garou .
Jörgen Brink ( born March 10 , 1974 in Delsbo , Hälsingland ) is a retired Swedish cross - country skier and biathlete who has competed since 1994 .
Anthony Paul Meindl ( born January 14 , 1968 in LaPorte , Indiana ) is an American screenwriter , stage actor and film actor , and is the founder and artistic director at the MetaTheatre Company and Anthony Meindl 's Actor Workshop in Los Angeles , California .
Alexander Soifer is a Russian - born American mathematician and mathematics author .
Ronan Vibert ( born 1964 ) is an English actor , known for his appearances on British television .
Harry Nyquist ( né Harry Theodor Nyqvist ; /ˈnaɪkwɪst/ , Swedish : ( nʏːkvɪst ) ; February 7 , 1889 -- April 4 , 1976 ) was a Swedish born American electronic engineer who made important contributions to communication theory .
Edward Lucky McKee ( born November 1 , 1975 ) is an American director , writer , and actor , largely known for the 2002 film May , which has acquired a cult following .
Nancy Walters ( June 26 , 1933 -- September 29 , 2009 ) was an American model , actress and minister .
Caissie Levy is a Canadian stage actress and singer .
Paul the Persian or Paulus Persa was a 6th - century East Syrian theologian and philosopher who worked at the court of the Sassanid king Khosrau I. He wrote several treatises and commentaries on Aristotle , which had some influence on medieval Islamic philosophy .
Bret Bergmark ( born November 24 , 1973 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Welterweight division .
Fina Rifà is a Catalan children 's artist , illustrator , and educator from Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Esmond Edwards ( October 29 , 1927 -- January 20 , 2007 ) was an American photographer , record producer , and recording engineer .
Roger Clift was an Australian rules footballer for the Port Adelaide during the 1950s .
Ralph K. Pedersen is a nautical archaeologist from Levittown ( Island Trees ) New York , USA .
Ante Kuzmanić ( June 12 , 1807 -- December 10 , 1879 ) was a Croatian physician and journalist .
Alison Saar ( born February 5 , 1956 ) is an American sculptor , painter and installation artist whose work explores themes of African cultural diaspora and spirituality .
Stewart Laing a is Scottish theatre director and a set designer .
John Elwood Bundy ( May 1 , 1853 -- January 17 , 1933 ) was an American Impressionist painter known as the `` dean '' of the Richmond Group of painters in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Yuan Zhongyi ( 袁仲一 , born 1932 ) is a Chinese archaeologist .
Penny Jay ( June 12 , 1925 -- March 29 , 2006 ) was an American country music singer and songwriter , who was active from the 1940s to the 1960s .
Sarah Dash ( born August 18 , 1945 ) is a singer and actress .
Richard Goodell ( July 18 , 1784 - January 25 , 1826 ) was an American military officer and politician who served as Speaker of the New York State Assembly .
Alan G. Marshall is an American analytical chemist who has devoted his scientific career to developing a scientific technique known as Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance ( FT - ICR ) mass spectrometry , which he co - invented .
Paulo Costanzo ( born September 21 , 1978 ) is a Canadian actor , who is best known for his roles in the 2000 comedy Road Trip , the sitcom Joey , which ran from 2004 to 2006 , and as Evan R. Lawson in the current USA Network series Royal Pains .
Eva Pölzl ( born 1975 ) is an Austrian journalist well known for being the Austrian spokesperson at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 .
Bernard Ponsonby is a Scottish broadcast journalist working on regional news and current affairs programming for STV .
Félix Auger - Aliassime ( born August 8 , 2000 ) is a Canadian junior tennis player .
Colin Chase ( April 13 , 1886 , Lewiston , Idaho -- April 24 , 1937 , Sawtelle , California ) was an American silent film actor .
Daniel Hollands ( January 20 , 1927 -- July 7 , 2006 ) was a Canadian federal politician from 1972 to 1974 .
John Fought III ( born January 28 , 1954 ) is an American golf course architect and professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour , Nationwide Tour and Champions Tour .
John Gouldstone ( aka Goldstone or Goldswain ) was an Essex and All - England cricketer of the late 18th century .
George Henry Horn ( April 7 , 1840 -- November 24 , 1897 ) was a U.S. entomologist who specialized in the study of beetles .
Pradip Somasundaran , also known as Pradeep Somasundaram , is an Indian playback singer .
Josée Grand'Maître ( born July 28 , 1961 ) is a Canadian racquetball player from Hull , Quebec .
Nieh Pin - chieh ( Chinese : 聶 品潔 ; pinyin : Niè Pǐnjié ; born June 12 , 1988 ) is a Taiwanese swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Theodor Olshausen ( 1802 - -1869 ) was a German author , journalist and politician , prominent in the Patriotic Party in Schleswig - Holstein .
Mary Jodi Rell ( born June 16 , 1946 ) is an American former Republican politician and the 87th Governor of the U.S. state of Connecticut from 2004 until 2011 .
Donna Paige O'Hara ( born Donna Paige Helmintoller ; May 10 , 1956 ) is an American actress , singer , and painter .
Bretton Byrd ( 1904 - -1959 ) was a British composer and musician known for his work on film scores between 1932 and 1956 .
Anne Menke is a German - born photographer now based in New York City who specializes in editorial , advertising , and beauty photography .
Karl Glazebrook is an astronomer , known for his work on galaxy formation , for playing a key role in developing the nod and shuffle technique for doing spectroscopy with large telescopes , and for originating the Perl Data Language ( PDL ) .
Judy Ongg ( Chinese : 翁倩玉 ; pinyin : Wēng Qiànyù , January 24 , 1950 -- ) is an actress , singer , author , and woodblock - print artist from Taiwan .
Sherrey ( Malayalam : ഷെറി ) is an Indian film director and screenwriter who works in Malayalam films .
Thomas Scoffin ( born April 25 , 1994 in Sudbury , Ontario ) is a Canadian curler originally from Whitehorse , Yukon .
Guido Chiesa ( born in 1959 ) is an Italian film director and screenwriter .
Wathone ( Burmese : ဝသုန် , lit . `` Earth '' from Pali vasundra ) , born Khin Hla , was a prominent Burmese painter , best known for his watercolor and batik paintings .
Jan Grarup ( born 1968 ) is a Danish photojournalist who has worked both as a staff photographer and as a freelance , specializing in war and conflict photography .
Pauline Bull ( born Pauline Davies ) is a former English model artist and golfer .
Bayani Casimiro , Sr . ( July 16 , 1918 -- January 27 , 1989 ) was a Filipino dancer who was among the leading stars of bodabil ( vaudeville ) in the 1930s and 1940s .
Growing up in the small town of Saginaw , Michigan , Alicia Warrington wanted to either be a musician or a professional wrestler .
Manuel Luís Osório , Marquis of Erval ( May 10 , 1808 -- October 4 , 1879 ) was a Brazilian military officer , monarchist and politician .
György Gottsegen ( June 18 , 1906 -- May 7 , 1965 ) was a Hungarian physician , founder of the National Cardiological Institute ( Hungarian : Országos Kardiológiai Intézet ) .
Stephen Porter Dunn ( March 24 , 1928 -- June 4 , 1999 , Kensington , California ) was a U.S. anthropologist specializing in ethnic groups of the Soviet Union .
Pavao Mašić ( born 1980 in Šibenik ) is a Croatian harpsichordist and organist .
Hamilton Mitchell ( born August 13 , 1957 ) is an American writer , author , and actor .
Muzammil Ibrahim ( born 1984 ) is an Indian model and actor born in Srinagar , Kashmir .
Roscoe Troxler ( June 15 , 1883 - July 7 , 1976 ) was an American jockey in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing who began riding in his early teens and by age fifteen was making an impression competing at the Crescent City Jockey Club 's Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans .
Publius Cornelius Scipio Aemilianus Africanus Numantinus ( 185 - -129 BC ) , also known as Scipio Aemilianus or Scipio Africanus Minor ( Scipio Africanus the Younger ) , was a leading general and politician of the ancient Roman Republic .
Harvey Wiley Corbett ( January 8 , 1873 - April 21 , 1954 ) was an American architect primarily known for skyscraper and office building designs in New York and London , and his advocacy of tall buildings and modernism in architecture .
Alfred Tinsley ( March 12 , 1867 -- September 25 , 1933 ) was an English cricketer active from 1890 to 1895 who played for Lancashire .
Summer Naomi Smart ( also known under the name Summer Naomi ) is an American actress and singer .
Arthur Wong Ngok - Tai ( Chinese : 黃岳泰 ) is a nine time Hong Kong Film Awards - winning cinematographer , actor , screenwriter , film producer and film director .
Gustav Hasford ( November 28 , 1947 -- January 29 , 1993 ) was an American journalist , novelist , and poet .
Yashashri Masurkar is an Indian television actress and voice actor .
Makoto Tamamura ( 玉村 誠 , Tamamura Makoto ) is an automobile chassis engineer .
Ferenc Pfaff ( Mohács , November 19 , 1851 -- Budapest , August 21 , 1913 ) was a Hungarian architect and academic .
Pearl Lowe ( b. 1970 ) , born Pearl Samantha Davis , is an English fashion and textiles designer , and former singer - songwriter .
Danny Peacock is a former Australian professional rugby league player .
Munson Rufus Hill ( May 4 , 1821 -- October 24 , 1867 ) was an American lawyer , politician and Confederate officer .
Dirk Wilutzky ( born 1965 in Herleshausen , Germany ) is a German film producer and director .
Mona Kosar Abdi ( Somali : Mona Kosaar Cabdi , Arabic : منى كوثر عبدي‎ ) is a Somali - American multimedia journalist .
Jim Bywater is a British actor who has appeared both in film and television roles .
Mahinur Ozdemir ( born November 7 , 1982 in Schaerbeek ) is a Belgian politician , with dual nationality ( Turkish - Belgian ) .
Lauren Slater ( born March 21 , 1963 ) is an American psychologist and writer .
Maurelio Scanavini or Scannavini ( Ferrara , May 7 , 1665 -- June 1 , 1698 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , mainly active in Ferrara .
Dr. K. Krishnasamy is an Indian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly .
Juan Castañer Ponce Enrile , Jr. ( born July 16 , 1958 ) , also known as Jack Enrile , is a Filipino politician .
Ivor Thord - Gray ( April 17 , 1878 -- August 18 , 1964 ) was a Swedish - born adventurer , ethnologist and linguist .
Myron Goldfinger is an American architect , known for his 1969 publication , Villages in the Sun , which discussed the architectural style of the Mediterranean .
Liza Berggren ( born 6 February 1986 , in Mölndal , Sweden ) is a Swedish fashion model and former Miss World Sweden .
Aung Min Thein ( Burmese : အောင်မင်းသိန်း ) was a prominent Burmese film director and artist .
Antonia Tanini Pulci ( 1452/54 -- 1501 ) was an Italian playwright whose works were published in several editions in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries .
Olle Tandberg ( October 10 , 1918 -- December 12 , 1996 ) was a Swedish heavyweight boxer , and the European amateur boxing champion between 1937 and 1939 .
Nathan Greno is an American film director , story artist and writer at Walt Disney Animation Studios .
Tet Wada ( born January 20 , 1973 ) is an actor active in Asia , Europe and North America .
Keith Fitzgerald is also a political scientist specializing in American politics with a focus on institutions and public policy .
Claude Troisgros is a French chef who lives in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Jorge Carpio Nicolle ( October 24 , 1932 -- July 3 , 1993 ) was a prominent Guatemalan politician and newspaper publisher .
Pleasant Tackitt ( or Tackett ) ( April 22 , 1803 -- February 7 , 1886 ) ( sometimes rendered as James Pleasant , but there is no official document to support this name ) was a 19th - century politician , pioneer Methodist minister , stockman , teacher , farmer , Indian fighter and Confederate Officer .
Antonio Lanzavecchia ( born in Varese October 9 , 1951 ) is an Italian immunologist .
In 2002 , Devadarshini got married to Chetan , who is a popular television actor as well .
Francisco Díaz - Silveira ( February 4 , 1871 - February 16 , 1925 ) was a well known Cuban journalist , writer and poet .
Gary McHale is a Canadian political activist , who is noted for his involvement in the Grand River land dispute and his role in the founding of the advocacy group , Canadian Advocates for Charter Equality , or CANACE .
Max Apple ( born October 22 , 1941 ) is an American short story writer , novelist , and professor at The University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Norma Eberhardt ( July 8 , 1929 -- September 16 , 2011 ) was an American actress who began her career as a fashion model .
Ellis Kaut received actor 's training , then studied sculpting .
Shruti Sharma is an Indian model , beauty pageant contestant and actress .
Jeffrey Isaac ( Born 1956 in New York ) is a painter and video artist .
Eric Carle ( born June 25 , 1929 ) is an American designer , illustrator , and writer of children 's books .
Ahn Byeong - ki ( born November 5 , 1966 or 1967 ) is a South Korean film director , producer , and screenwriter specializing in horror films .
Lila Deneken whose birth name is Lila Pura Deneken Cacharro is a Mexican singer , songwriter , entertainer , painter and entrepreneur .
Philippe Arlaud , born in Paris , is a French stage director for plays , show , musical and opera , also a stage designer and light designer .
Bruce Walsh is a contemporary American playwright and a prominent Philadelphia fringe artist .
Vincent Saurin was a French rower who specialised in single sculls .
Colin McKay ( born August 29 , 1975 ) is a professional skateboarder who is widely recognized for his involvement with the original Plan B skateboards `` superteam '' , as well as the subsequent relaunch of the brand in 2005 .
Albert Henry Krehbiel ( November 25 , 1873 - June 29 , 1945 ) , was the most decorated American painter ever at the French Academy , winning the Prix De Rome , four Gold Medals and five cash prizes .
William Hughes Mulligan ( March 5 , 1918 -- May 13 , 1996 ) was a United States lawyer , federal appellate judge , and law school dean .
Donnie Elbert ( May 25 , 1936 -- January 26 , 1989 ) was an American soul singer and songwriter , who had a prolific career from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s .
Anders Morgenthaler ( born December 5 , 1972 ) is a Danish comics artist , children 's book author , animator and film director .
Gregory Scott was a British film actor of the silent era .
Professor Lin Chao is a Chinese Brazilian American evolutionary biologist and geneticist .
Lloyd LaCuesta ( born in Honolulu , Hawaii ) is an American journalist .
Roy Noble Lee ( October 19 , 1915 -- January 21 , 2015 ) was an American judge who served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi from 1987 to 1993 .
Radha Mohan Singh ( born 1 September 1949 ) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Keith Fullerton Whitman ( born May 29 , 1973 ) is an American electronic musician who has recorded albums influenced by many genres , including ambient music , drill and bass , and krautrock .
Adam Gertler is an American chef , television personality and occasional actor .
Madame Edna Gallmon Cooke ( 1918 - September 4 , 1967 ) was a renowned gospel singer and recording artist from 1949 until her death in 1967 .
Pascal Boniani Koeu better known as Skalpovich or DJ Skalp or just Skalp , is a French record producer and songwriter of Cambodian / Algerian origin .
Ronald F. Levant is a psychologist and a former president of the American Psychological Association ( APA ) .
Frederic Poole Gorham ( April 29 , 1871 -- June 4 , 1933 ) was an American bacteriologist and educator .
Albhy Galuten is an American technology executive and futurist , Grammy Award - winning record producer , composer , musician , orchestrator and conductor .
Andrew Caster , M.D. , is an American ophthalmologist and a cataract and refractive surgery expert specializing in LASIK procedures .
Nick Broad was an English football nutritionist and worked for some of Britain 's biggest football clubs including Blackburn Rovers , Birmingham City , Chelsea Football Club and in Paris , he worked for Paris St - Germain .
Haddaway 's subsequent albums were more soulful , but since 1998 , the singer has struggled to repeat the mainstream commercial success of his early hits .
Gjøran Sæther ( December 19 , 1982 ) , also known by the pseudonym Proteque , is a Norwegian artist and painter .
Francesco Matarazzo , ( 1443 -- August 21 , 1518 ) was an Italian historian of the European Renaissance .
Randall Bal ( born November 14 , 1980 ) is an American swimmer who specialized in the backstroke .
Richard Daneault ( born December 24 , 1976 in Winnipeg ) is a Canadian curler who resides in St. Jean Baptiste , Manitoba .
Inger McCabe Elliott ( born February 23 , 1933 ) is an American entrepreneur , photographer , artist , and socialite .
Renov8 is an electronic dance musician born in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine in 1982 and later moved to the United States .
Tony Mills , M.D. , is an American physician who specializes in treatment of HIV and AIDS .
Elizabeth Busche ( September 12 , 1992 -- May 3 , 2012 ) was an American curler from Duluth , Minnesota .
Peter Crowther ( born 1949 ) is a British journalist , short story writer , novelist , editor , publisher and anthologist .
Judy Craig ( born August 6 , 1946 , New York , United States ) is the American lead singer of the girl group , The Chiffons .
David Marcus Robinson , known as Markey Robinson ( February 7 , 1918 -- January 28 , 1999 ( aged 80 ) ) , was an Irish painter and sculptor with a primitive representational style .
Kaarina Goldberg ( born January 28 , 1956 ) is a Finnish author and journalist who lives in Vienna .
The Euphiletos Painter was an Attic black - figure vase painter active in the second half of the sixth century BC . He was one of the better - quality vase painters of the black - figure style in Athens .
Peter Månsson is a Swedish music producer and songwriter , who often writes his name as Peter Mansson when working with non - Swedish artists .
Don Kerr is a Canadian multi - instrumentalist and record producer .
Jim Clemes ( born 1957 ) is a Luxembourg architect who founded the Esch - sur - Alzette firm Atelier d’Architecture et de Design Jim Clemes in 1984 .
George Sawley ( June 18 , 1904 -- April 26 , 1967 ) was an American set decorator and art director .
Renee Godfrey ( born Renee Vera Haal , September 1 , 1919 -- May 24 , 1964 ) was an American stage and motion picture actress and singer .
John Turman is an American screenwriter , film producer and storyboard artist .
Craig Shutt is an American freelance writer and editor , best known as the author of `` Baby Boomer Comics , '' a collection of his `` Ask Mr. Silver Age '' column about 1960s comics for the Comics Buyer 's Guide monthly magazine , which ceased publication in 2013 .
Gene Clair ( May 6 , 1940 -- December 3 , 2013 ) was an American sound engineer who , along with his brother Roy Clair , founded Clair Brothers Sound in 1966 .
Tülin Şahin ( born December 13 , 1980 ) is a Turkish - Danish top model , television presenter , fashion designer , author , and actress .
Taddeo da Suessa ( or da Sessa ) ( c. 1190/1200 -- February 18 , 1248 ) was an Italian jurist .
Aaron Krister Johnson is a Chicago - based composer , musician , and teacher .
Tim Stubson ( born August 9 , 1971 in Casper , Wyoming ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 56 since January 2008 , when he was appointed to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Tom Walsh .
Allen J. Bloomfield ( May 29 , 1883 in Warren , Herkimer County , New York -- September 21 , 1932 in Cooperstown , Otsego County , New York ) was an American businessman and politician from New York .
Ch . Mohan Rao is an Indian molecular biologist .
Michael Perricone is a sound engineer , musician , television writer and the founder of Omstream , an online music portal similar to iTunes , but specifically for traditional and world music .
Dr. Anton Vilsmeier ( June 12 , 1894 -- February 12 , 1962 ) was a German chemist who together with Erich Haack discovered the Vilsmeier - Haack reaction .
David T. Wong ( born circa 1936 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong - born American neuroscientist .
Samuel Kansi was a French astronomer of the 14th century .
Rod Moss ( born April 1948 ) is an Australian painter and writer .
Bernardo Irigoyen ( born September 3 , 1969 ) is an Argentine cricketer .
Tracey Jackson ( born May 12 , 1958 ) is an American author , blogger , screenwriter , film director and producer .
Arthur Herzog III ( April 6 , 1927 -- May 26 , 2010 ) was an American novelist , non - fiction writer , and journalist , well known for his works of science fiction and true crime books .
Nikolai Plotnikov ( 1897 - -1979 ) was a Soviet Russian film actor .
Ronnie Gaylord ( June 12 , 1930 -- January 25 , 2004 ) was the name taken by Ronald L. Fredianelli , a member of The Gaylords , when he began to perform as a solo singer after entering military service in the 1950s .
Deantoni Parks ( born November 2 , 1977 ) is an American new wave / avant - garde / experimental drummer , songwriter , film director , actor and record producer .
Martha Raye ( August 27 , 1916 -- October 19 , 1994 ) was an American comic actress and standards singer who performed in movies , and later on television .
Raghu Vira ( December 30 , 1902 - May 14 , 1963 ) was an Indian linguist , scholar , prominent politician , and member of the Constituent Assembly .
J. J. Jameson ( Real name Norman A. Porter , Jr. ) was a self - proclaimed poet and activist in Chicago , Illinois from the mid-1980s until March 2005 .
Diana Winter ( born in 1985 ) is an Italian singer and songwriter .
Roger A. Beaver is a biologist who has worked at University College of North Wales , Chiang Mai University , the University of Zambia and the University of the South Pacific .
Shinkichi Mitsumune ( 光宗 信吉 Mitsumune Shinkichi ) ( born October 8 , 1963 ) is a Japanese composer who writes music primarily for anime .
Ajoy Ghatak ( born November 9 , 1939 ) is an Indian Bengali physicist and author of physics textbooks .
Ioan Apostol ( born January 14 , 1959 ) is a Romanian luger who competed in four Winter Olympics .
Sammy Duvall is a retired water - skier who had victories at the Masters Tournaments and the World water skiing champions .
Veronica Scott ( born November 19 , 1986 ) is an American television personality , fashion designer , and entrepreneur .
Dewey Robinson ( August 17 , 1898 -- December 11 , 1950 ) was an American film character actor who appeared in over 250 films between 1931 and 1952 .
Henrietta Swan Leavitt ( July 4 , 1868 -- December 12 , 1921 ) was an American astronomer who discovered the relation between the luminosity and the period of Cepheid variable stars .
Monte Dwyer ( born 1958 ) is an Australian journalist , TV personality , musician and author , best known as the weatherman who pioneered the traveling weatherman blueprint for Channel Nine 's Today during the 1990s .
Hermann Viets , Ph.D. is an astronautics engineer and president of Milwaukee School of Engineering ( MSOE ) .
Maria Lopez ( born 1953 ) is a Cuban - American former judge and a former television jurist on the syndicated court show , Judge Maria Lopez .
Stevens entered the WWF in 1995 as Clarence Mason , a lawyer primarily introduced to play off the publicity lawyers had gotten during the ongoing O. J. Simpson trial .
Arthur Janov ( /ˈdʒænəv/ ; born August 21 , 1924 ) is an American psychologist , psychotherapist , and the creator of primal therapy , a treatment for mental illness that involves repeatedly descending into , feeling , and experiencing long - repressed childhood pain .
Jeremy Padawer ( born October 26 , 1973 ) is an American businessman , Internet entrepreneur , and animated television producer .
Frank Stitt III is the owner and executive chef of Highlands Bar and Grill , Bottega Restaurant , and Chez Fon Fon in Birmingham , Alabama .
Tatyana Pavlova ( 1890 - -1975 ) was a Russian - born theatre director and stage and film actress who settled in Italy .
Alice Pike Barney ( born Alice Pike ; 1857 - -1931 ) was an American painter .
Cunincpert ( also Cunibert or Cunipert ) was king of the Lombards from 688 to 700 .
William Cabell Bruce ( March 12 , 1860 -- May 9 , 1946 ) was an American politician and Pulitzer Prize - winning writer who represented the State of Maryland in the United States Senate from 1923 to 1929 .
Wendy Henry is a former journalist and newspaper editor .
Jeffrey Sebelia ( born May 3 , 1970 ) is an American fashion designer and founder of the clothing label Cosa Nostra , which he headed from a loft on Broadway in downtown Los Angeles .
The Enid Johnson Macleod Award , awarded annually to a physician or non - physician for promotion of women 's health research and/or women 's health education , is named for her .
Mahmoud Hammoud ( born 1935 ) is a Lebanese politician and a retired career diplomat .
Mickey Hart ( born Michael Steven Hartman , September 11 , 1943 ) is an American percussionist and musicologist .
Brad Francis is a Canadian racing engineer who has worked with teams such as Richard Childress Racing and Bill Davis Racing .
Ram Sethi , also known as Pyare - laal , is an Indian actor with a career spanning 46 years so far .
Hüsamettin Özkan ( born : 1950 ) is a former Turkish politician who served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey between 1999 and 2002 in the 56th and 57th governments led by Prime Minister Bülent Ecevit .
Emil Grunzweig ( Hebrew : אמיל גרינצווייג‎ ) ( December 1 , 1947 -- February 10 , 1983 ) was an Israeli teacher and peace activist affiliated with the Peace Now movement .
Klára Bonyhádi ( born November 27 , 1955 in Orosháza ) is a former Hungarian handball player and World Championship silver medalist .
Sarina Suzuki ( 鈴木 紗理奈 ; born July 13 , 1977 ) is a Japanese actress , gravure idol , singer , and tarento .
Peter Feldstein is an American photographer and a Professor Emeritus at the University of Iowa from which he has a Master 's degree as well .
Mary Kerry Kennedy ( born September 8 , 1959 ) is an American human rights activist and writer .
Eva Monley ( April 29 , 1923 -- November 12 , 2011 ) was a German - born Kenyan location scout , production manager and film producer .
Richard Bernas ( born April 21 , 1950 in New York City ) is a British - based conductor .
The Master of the Gubbio Cross was the name given to an Umbrian painter active between about 1285 and about 1320 .
Terri Edda Miller ( sometimes Terri Miller or Terri E. Miller ; born March 13 , 1966 ) is an American screenwriter .
Matt Hanna ( born January 29 , 1979 ) is an American lacrosse player who played for the Denver Outlaws of Major League Lacrosse .
Rosemarie Schmidtke is a retired East German rower who won a silver and a gold medal in the eights at the European championships of 1967 and 1968 , respectively .
Elijah Webb Chastain ( September 25 , 1813 -- April 9 , 1874 ) was an American politician , soldier and lawyer .
Hermann Vezin ( March 2 , 1829 -- June 12 , 1910 ) was an American actor , teacher of elocution and writer .
Romina Stefancic ( born July 21 , 1978 ) is a Slovenian - Canadian rower .
Chu Hung - sen ( Chinese : 朱鴻森 ; born March 23 , 1978 in Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Carl Walters ( born 1944 ) is an American - born biologist known for his work involving fisheries stock assessments , the adaptive management concept , and ecosystem modeling .
Tom Leamore ( 24 August 1866 - 6 September 1939 ) was an English popular variety comedian , dancer and singer .
Emjay Anthony ( born June 1 , 2003 ) is an American child actor and model .
Kristina Moore is a Jersey politician and former journalist who worked for Channel Television , and ITV Central .
Ulises Dumont ( April 7 , 1937 -- November 29 , 2008 ) was a prolific Argentine film actor , credited with over 80 appearances in film and countless others in theatre and television from 1964 until his death in 2008 .
Yves Chaudron was a French master art forger who is alleged to have copied images of Leonardo da Vinci 's Mona Lisa as part of Eduardo de Valfierno 's famous 1911 Mona Lisa painting theft .
Venčeslav Poniž ( Polish : Wenczesław Poniż ; 1900 - 1967 ) was a Slovenian - born Polish engineer .
Dustin Jacoby ( born April 4 , 1988 ) is an American mixed martial artist and kickboxer .
Richard Boulanger ( born 1956 ) is a composer and professor of `` Electronic Production and Design '' at Berklee College of Music .
Rainer Schulin ( * July 22 , 1952 ) is a German zoologist , forest scientist and professor of soil protection at the ETH Zurich .
Dawid Abrahamowicz ( 1839 - 1926 ) was a Polish conservative politician and social activist of Armenian descent .
Ahsan Mubarak ( Urdu : احسن مبارک ; SI , DSc ) , is a Pakistani geophysicist and nuclear seismologist who is renowned for his pioneering research on earthquake sciences , and seismic activities in Pakistan .
Hubert Best ( born 1952 ) was an English cathedral organist , who served in St. Philip 's Cathedral , Birmingham .
Enrique Rustia Apacible III , popularly known as John Apacible ( January 22 , 1973 -- March 20 , 2011 ) was a Filipino television and movie actor who worked in Filipino productions .
Chris Malachowsky is an American electrical engineer , one of the founders of computer graphics company Nvidia .
Fredrick George Smith was a British mechanical engineer .
Rodney Rothman is an American screenwriter , television producer and author .
Jacques Arcadelt ( also Jacob Arcadelt ; c. 1507 -- 14 October 1568 ) was a Franco - Flemish composer of the Renaissance , active in both Italy and France , and principally known as a composer of secular vocal music .
Barton MacLane ( December 25 , 1902 -- January 1 , 1969 ) was an American actor , playwright , and screenwriter .
Henri Bonnart , a French painter and engraver , was the brother of Robert , Jean Baptiste , and Nicolas Bonnart .
Petrus Pachius ( 1579 - 1641/42 ) was a German protestant minister , teacher and poet .
Mr. Brainwash ( often written MBW ) is a name used by French - born , Los Angeles - based filmmaker and street artist Thierry Guetta .
Mark Rosenberg ( October 22 , 1948 -- November 6 , 1992 ) was an American film producer whose works included The Killing Fields and Presumed Innocent , who was the President of Worldwide Theatrical Production at Warner Bros. in the 1980s .
Tony Mordente ( born December 3 , 1935 ) is an American dancer , choreographer , actor and television director .
Charles William Goyen ( April 24 , 1915 -- August 30 , 1983 ) was an American novelist , short story writer , playwright , poet , editor , and teacher .
Flávio Dino de Castro e Costa ( born April 30 , 1968 ) is a Brazilian politician and teacher .
Saeed Ahmad Akhtar was an Urdu poet , playwright and educationist .
Robert Hugh Ferrell ( born May 8 , 1921 , in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American historian and author of several books on Harry S. Truman and the diplomatic history of the United States .
John Loomis Chamberlain ( January 20 , 1858 -- November 14 , 1948 ) was an American army officer , born in New York .
Viktar Kopach ( Belarusian pronouciation : Viktar Kopach ) is a Belarusian contemporary sculptor who lives and works in Minsk .
Stephen L. Fowler ( born July 31 , 1948 ) is an American inventor and electrical engineer , who is active in the fields of electrical engineering , electrostatics , and electrical forensic investigations .
Alberto Williams ( November 23 , 1862 -- June 17 , 1952 ) was an Argentine composer of classical music , a pianist , a pedagogue , and a conductor .
Yvan Dutil is a Canadian astrophysicist who , together with his colleague Stéphane Dumas , has created a noise - resistant coding system for messages aimed at communicating with extraterrestrial civilization .
Stella Pope Duarte ( born South Phoenix ) is a Latina American novelist .
Wachtang Djobadze ( Georgian : ვახტანგ ჯობაძე ) ( March 8 , 1917 -- February 10 , 2007 ) was a Georgian art historian and Professor at the California State University , Los Angeles .
John Dalrymple , 6th Earl of Stair ( 1749 - -1821 ) was a Scottish peer , soldier and diplomat .
Benedykt from Sandomierz ( Polish : Benedykt z Sandomierza ) was a Polish Renaissance architect , who together with Bartolommeo Berrecci rebuilt the Wawel Royal Castle in Kraków under the rule of Sigismund I of Poland after it burnt down in 1499 .
Karin Slaughter ( born January 6 , 1971 ) is an American crime writer , whose first novel Blindsighted ( 2001 ) became an international success , was published in almost 30 languages , and made the Crime Writers ' Association 's Dagger Award shortlist for `` Best Thriller Debut '' of 2001 .
Fredrik Strömberg ( born 14 July 1968 ) is journalist and author , writing mostly about comics .
Koce Trajanovski ( Macedonian : Коце Трајановски ) is a Macedonian politician and current Mayor of Skopje .
Alan Z. Thornburg ( born January 10 , 1967 ) is an American lawyer and jurist , formerly a judge on the North Carolina Court of Appeals .
Spas Gyurov ( Bulgarian : Спас Гюров ) is a Bulgarian road bicycle racer .
Harvie Andre , PC ( July 27 , 1940 -- October 21 , 2012 ) was a Canadian engineer , businessman , politician and federal Cabinet minister .
E. Lloyd Sheldon ( May 27 , 1886 -- January 24 , 1957 ) was an American screenwriter , film producer and film editor .
Ahmed Alaidy , أحمد العايدي ( Arabic ) , is an Egyptian novelist , born on December 24 , 1974 .
Queen Esther Marrow is an American soul and gospel singer .
Giovanni Gaibazzi ( 1808 -- 1888 ) was an Italian painter , depicting mythologic and sacred subjects , as well as portraits .
Chris T. Sullivan ( born February 15 , 1948 , in Lake City , Florida ) is one of the founders of Outback Steakhouse and OSI Restaurant Partners , LLC . He also formerly held the titles of director and chairman .
David Naccache is a cryptographer , currently a professor at Panthéon - Assas University and member of the École normale supérieure 's Computer Laboratory .
Elyard ( first name and dates unknown ) was an English first - class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) who was active in the 1800s .
George Schoener , or Georg Schöner ( March 21 , 1864 - October 2 , 1941 ) was a German - born Roman Catholic priest who became known in the United States as the `` Padre of the Roses '' for his experiments in rose breeding , especially in the use of wild species .
Jesús Manuel Orlando Álvarez Monge ( born February 28 , 1952 , in Río Grande , Puerto Rico ) is a retired professional baseball player who played 4 seasons for the Los Angeles Dodgers and California Angels of Major League Baseball .
Dominique Gizelle is a full - time voice teacher and vocal coach , a singer / songwriter , producer , and arranger , who is active in both the creative and business aspects of music production and performance .
Tol Avery ( August 28 , 1915 -- August 27 , 1973 ) was an American film and television character actor with more than a hundred screen appearances between 1950 and 1974 .
David Moreno ( born July 14 , 1984 in Logroño , La Rioja ) is a Spanish singer , actor , presenter , and journalist .
Olga Stanisławska is a Polish writer and freelance journalist who has studied American literature in Warsaw and Aix - en - Provence .
Ant Neely is an English composer and musician , known for an eclectic style .
Louis Nye ( May 1 , 1913 -- October 9 , 2005 ) was an American comedy actor .
Zoltán Ozoray Schenker ( October 13 , 1880 -- August 25 , 1966 ) was a Hungarian sabre and foil fencer .
Dory Previn ( born Dorothy Veronica Langan ; October 22 , 1925 -- February 14 , 2012 ) was an American lyricist , singer - songwriter and poet .
Jeff Isaacson ( born July 14 , 1983 ) is an American curler from the Gilbert , Minnesota .
George Gilbert Hoskins ( December 24 , 1824 -- June 12 , 1893 ) was an American politician who served as the Lieutenant Governor of New York and United States Representative for the state of New York .
John J. Mescall , A.S.C. ( 1899 - -1962 ) was an American cinematographer .
Winston Méndez Montero ( born November 20 , 1974 ) is a Dominican boxer who won Bronze at the PanAm Games 2007 by losing his semi to Luis Yáñez : 6:14 .
Katherine Dieckmann is an American film and music video director known for her work with R.E.M. and the feature films Good Baby and Diggers .
Bill Randle ( March 14 , 1923 -- July 9 , 2004 ) was an American disc jockey , lawyer and university professor .
Carsten Lund ( born July 1 , 1963 ) is a Danish - born theoretical computer scientist , currently working at AT&T Labs in Bedminster , New Jersey , United States .
Leonard Spigelgass ( November 26 , 1908 - February 15 , 1985 ) was an American film producer and screenwriter .
Hryhory Kvitka or Osnovyanenko ( 1778 - -1843 ) was a Ukrainian writer , journalist , and playwright .
Myron Fink ( born April 19 , 1932 ) is a Chicago - born composer of opera and other pieces for voice , piano , and chamber ensemble .
Joseph Marcell ( born 14 August 1948 ) is a British actor , best known for his role as Geoffrey the English butler on the NBC sitcom The Fresh Prince of Bel - Air from its beginning in September 1990 , until its final episode in May 1996 .
Walter Curt Behrendt ( December 16 , 1884 -- April 26 , 1945 ) was a German - American architect and active advocate of German modernism .
Nona Hendryx ( born October 9 , 1944 ) , is an American vocalist , record producer , songwriter , musician , author , and actress .
Philip Cahn ( 1894 - -1984 ) was an American film editor who edited more than eighty film and television series .
Louis Charles Sauvageau ( October or November 1807 -- 16 June 1849 ) was a Canadian conductor , composer , and music educator .
It was added to avoid confusion with a silent film actor named Harrison Ford , who appeared in more than 80 films between 1915 and 1932 , and died in 1957 .
Gorgen Ray Aghayan ( July 28 , 1928 -- October 10 , 2011 ) was a costume designer in the United States film industry .
John Ronan is an American architect , designer and educator based in Chicago , in the United States .
Adam Willett ( born April 4 , 1982 ) is an American boxer best known to represent his country at the 2005 world championships at 201 lbs . He currently works at Bellport High School .
Marie - Thérèse Letablier ( born 4 January 1947 ) , is a French sociologist .
Lorraine Hanlon Comanor is an American figure skater who competed in ladies singles .
Kimberly K. Smith ( born March 27 , 1966 ) is an American historian , and political science professor .
Phil Elverum ( born Philip Whitman Elvrum May 26 , 1978 ) is an Anacortes , Washington - based songwriter , producer and visual artist , best known for his musical projects The Microphones and Mount Eerie .
Professor Nial Tanvir of the University of Leicester is a professional astronomer who has made important contributions to the extra - galactic distance scale and galaxy evolution .
Glen Phillips ( born December 29 , 1970 ) is an American songwriter , lyricist , singer and guitarist .
Žygimantas Stanulis ( born January 11 , 1993 ) is a Lithuanian weightlifter who won a silver medal at the 2013 European Weightlifting Championships in Tirana .
Joe Pasternack ( born April 15 , 1977 ) is an American college basketball coach and current associate head coach for the Arizona Wildcats men 's basketball program .
Giovanni Grimaldi ( November 14 , 1917 - February 25 , 2001 ) was an Italian screenwriter , journalist and film director .
Nahum Benari ( Hebrew : נַחוּם בֶּנאֲרִי ) ( January 3 , 1893 -- December 24 , 1963 ) was an Israeli writer and an intellectual .
Earl Wentz ( March 22 , 1938 - November 15 , 2009 ) was an American pianist , composer , and musical director most noted for his creation in 2000 of the American Composer Series , an ongoing performance series in the cabaret format .
Raja Anwar is a Pakistani journalist , writer , and former PPP political activist .
Tyler Brooke , real name Victor Hugo de Bierre , ( June 6 , 1886 -- March 2 , 1943 ) was an American film actor .
Rudolf K. Thauer ( born October 5 , 1939 ) is a biologist and a retired professor of microbiology and heads the Emeritus group at the Max Planck Institute for Terrestrial Microbiology in Marburg .
Keith Bogart is an actor who has starred in film , television and theatre .
Mary Frances Penick ( December 30 , 1931 -- September 19 , 2004 ) , better known as Skeeter Davis , was an American country music singer who sang crossover pop music songs including 1962 's `` The End of the World '' .
David Jackman is a British musician and visual artist with an extensive catalogue of drone works , mostly as the principal -- and often sole -- member of Organum .
Mitch Markovich is an internationally known American percussionist , composer , educator , and clinician in the areas of rudimental drumming , marching percussion , drum and bugle corps , and marching band .
Willy Prager ( 1877 - -1956 ) was a German actor , writer and Kabarett performer .
Ulises Humala Tasso is a professor at the Universidad Nacional de Ingeniería and a Peruvian politician who ran unsuccessfully for president in the 2006 election on the Avanza País ticket .
Aleksandar Ehrmann ( September 14 , 1879 - April 13 , 1965 ) was known Croatian industrialist , philanthropist and diplomat .
Marty Balin ( born Martyn Jerel Buchwald ; January 30 , 1942 ) is an American singer , songwriter and musician best known as the founder and one of the lead singers of Jefferson Airplane and Jefferson Starship .
M. Subramanian Namboodiri ( born March 3 , 1929 ) , commonly known by his nom de plume Thuppettan , is a Malayalam - language playwright from Kerala , India .
Dhammika Niroshana ( born February 22 , 1983 in Galle ) , is a former Sri Lankan cricketer .
Christine Defraigne ( born 1962 ) is a Belgian politician and a member of the MR . She was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007 .
Stella Vander ( born Stella Zelcer , also known as Stella ; December 12 , 1950 ) is a French singer and musician .
George Ward Nichols ( June 21 , 1831 - September 15 , 1885 ) was an American journalist known as the creator of the legend of Wild Bill Hickok .
Pierre Mailloux ( born January 14 , 1949 ) , better known as Doc Mailloux or Docteur Mailloux , is a psychiatrist and was the host of a French - language talk show with Janine Ross on CKAC radio in Montreal from 1995 to 2007 .
General Salem Ali Qatan ( died June 18 , 2012 ) was a Yemeni military officer .
Zac Brewer , formerly Heather Brewer ( born September 21 , 1973 ) , is an American writer of young adult fiction .
Manuel de Odriozola ( August 11 , 1804 in Lima -- August 12 , 1889 ) was a Peruvian soldier , scholar , librarian and historian .
Daniel Joseph Ryan is an American politician to the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Manius Manilius ( fl . 148 BC ) was a Roman Republican orator and distinguished jurist who also had a long military career .
Mahmoud Nasr ( Arabic : محمود نصر‎ ) was a critically acclaimed Egyptian cinematographer of the 1950s and 1960s .
Salvador Borrego ( born April 24 , 1915 ) is a Mexican journalist , Historical revisionist and neo - nazi writer .
Janak Ram is an Indian politician member of parliament from Gopalganj ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Jules Näveri is a Finnish singer who is known for his vast range of singing .
Zoltán Pálkovács ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈzoltaːn ˈpaːlkoʋaːtʃ ) , Hungarian : ( ˈzoltaːn ˈpaːlkovaːtʃ ) ; August 6 , 1981 -- September 25 , 2010 ) was a Slovak judoka of Hungarian ethnicity .
Jiřina Šiklová ( born 1935 ) is a Czech sociologist notable for her political engagement and studies of gender in the Czech Republic and other former Soviet countries .
Giuseppe Devastato ( born in Napoli ) is an Italian pianist and composer .
Bruce Darnell ( born July 19 , 1957 ) is an American model and choreographer based in Germany .
Eva Korpela ( born 1958 ) is a former Swedish biathlete , world champion and world cup winner .
Herb Greenberg ( born June 8 , 1952 in Miami , Florida ) is an American journalist , .
Robert J. McMahon is an American historian of the foreign relations of the United States and a leading scholar of the Cold War .
Minamoto no Muneyuki ( ? -983 , Japanese : 源 宗于 also 源宗于朝臣 Minamoto no Muneyuki Ason ) was an early Heian waka poet and nobleman .
Scott McCloud ( born Scott McLeod on June 10 , 1960 ) is an American cartoonist and comics theorist .
Johann Caspar Bachofen ( December 26 , 1695-June 23 , 1755 ) was a Swiss music teacher and hymn composer .
Cathi Hanauer ( born October 5 , 1962 in Fort Monmouth , New Jersey ) is an American novelist , journalist , and non - fiction writer .
Thomas Martin Easterly ( October 3 , 1809 -- March 12 , 1882 ) was a 19th - century American daguerreotypist and photographer .
Callicrates ( /kəˈlɪkrəˌtiːz/ ; Greek : Καλλικράτης , Kallikratēs ) was an ancient Greek architect active in the middle of the fifth century BC . He and Ictinus were architects of the Parthenon ( Plutarch , Pericles , 13 ) .
Åke Henriksson Tott ( or Achatius Tott ) ( 1598 - -1640 ) was a Swedish soldier and politician .
Maredudd ap Rhys ( d. 1483 ) was a Welsh language poet and priest from Powys .
Lara Veronin ( born May 2 , 1988 ) , more frequently known as Lara Liang ( simplified Chinese : 梁心颐 ; traditional Chinese : 梁心頤 ; pinyin : Liáng Xīnyí ) , is a Russian - Taiwanese - American musician .
Memo Benassi ( 1886 - -1957 ) was an Italian film actor who appeared in more than forty films in a mixture of leading and supporting roles .
Claus Lauritz Clausen ( November 3 , 1820 -- February 20 , 1892 ) was an American pioneer Lutheran minister , church leader , military chaplain and politician .
George Henry Clinton was a chemist , lawyer , and Democratic politician from St. Joseph in Tensas Parish in the northeastern Mississippi River delta of the U.S. state of Louisiana .
Timocharis of Alexandria ( Greek : Τιμόχαρις ; c. 320 -- 260 BC ) was a Greek astronomer and philosopher .
William Amory Underhill ( February 21 , 1910 -- September 7 , 1999 ) was a public servant , lobbyist , and philanthropist prominent in his native Florida and in Washington , D.C ..
George Attla ( August 8 , 1933 -- February 15 , 2015 ) was a champion sprint dog musher .
Sherrie Sprenger is a business owner and Republican politician from the US state of Oregon .
Dr. Randall J. Strossen is the founder and president of IronMind Enterprises , Inc. and the editor - in - chief and publisher of MILO journal .
According to the biography by Bernard Guidonis , himself bishop of Lodève ( died 1331 ) , Fulcran came of a distinguished family , consecrated himself at an early age to the service of the Church , became a priest , and from his youth led a pure and holy life .
Jacopo di Michele , also called Jacopo Gera , Iacopo di Michele , or Gera da Pisa is a 14th - century painter , active mainly in Pisa and elsewhere in Tuscany , in a Gothic style .
Władysław Szajnocha ( 1857 - 1928 ) was Polish geologist , and paleontologist ; son of historian Karol Szajnocha .
Milton Wakefield ( born 1939 or 1940 ) is a Canadian provincial politician .
Anna Louise Strong ( November 24 , 1885 -- March 29 , 1970 ) was a 20th - century American journalist and activist , best known for her reporting on and support for communist movements in the Soviet Union and the People 's Republic of China .
Peggy Santiglia ( born Margaret Santiglia ; May 4 , 1944 ) is an American singer - songwriter of the `` girl group era '' .
Jesse Hart ( born June 26 , 1989 in Philadelphia ) is an American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division .
Abby Walker ( formally known as Abby Pivaronas ) is an American actress and model , best known from her recurring role as Vanessa Page on Disney Channel sitcom Jonas L.A. She was born and raised in Frankfort , Illinois .
Park Kwang - cheol ( Hangul : 박광철 , Hanja:朴光哲 ) , better known by his Japanese name Kotetsu Boku ( 朴 光哲 Boku Kotetsu ) , is a South Korean mixed martial artist and kickboxer , competing in the Lightweight division .
Mark Steenhuis ( born December 3 , 1980 in St. Catharines , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player who plays for the Buffalo Bandits in the National Lacrosse League ( NLL ) and formerly of the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse ( MLL ) .
Darryl Kyte is a lawyer , writer , producer and television personality in Canada .
Colin Gilbert is a Glasgow - born television producer and former senior creative director of The Comedy Unit .
Giovanni Hoffmann ( born ca . 1770 , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian ( ? ) composer and mandolinist .
Mona Eltahawy ( Arabic : منى الطحاوى‎ , IPA : ( ˈmonæ ( ʔe)t.tˤɑˈħɑːwi ) ; born August 1 , 1967 ) is a freelance Egyptian - American journalist and commentator based in New York City .
Thomas Shirley Simons , Sr . ( March 12 , 1897 -- August 1 , 1963 ) , commonly known as Shirley Simons was a prominent architect of Tyler , Texas .
Manuel Sofovich ( Pergamino , 1900 -- Buenos Aires , June 3 , 1960 ) was an Argentine journalist .
Chen Kunhou ( born July 25 , 1939 in Taichū , Japanese Formosa ) is a Taiwanese film director and cinematographer .
Barbara Latham ( June 6 , 1896 -- May 28 , 1989 ) was an American painter , printmaker , and children 's book illustrator .
Math Dahl ( January 6 , 1884 -- August 3 , 1976 ) was a North Dakota politician who was well known for his tenure as the North Dakota Commissioner of Agriculture and Labor from 1939 to 1964 .
Fred Alan Wolf ( born December 3 , 1934 ) is an American theoretical physicist specializing in quantum physics and the relationship between physics and consciousness .
Nella Cotrupi is an Italian - born Canadian author , lawyer , scholar , and educator .
Bird Sim Coler ( October 9 , 1867 Champaign , Illinois -- June 12 , 1941 Brooklyn , New York City ) was an American politician .
Donna Wick , PhD ( born April 14 , 1956 ) is an American author , talk radio host , inspirational speaker , publisher and media expert .
Ventura Mazza or Mazzi or Marzi or Mazi or Magi ( circa 1560 - March 6 , 1638 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance .
Chantal Stern is a neuroscientist who uses techniques including functional magnetic resonance imaging to study the brain mechanisms of memory function .
Jule Styne ( /ˈdʒuːli staɪn/ ; December 31 , 1905 -- September 20 , 1994 ) was a British - American songwriter especially famous for a series of Broadway musicals , which include several very well known and frequently revived shows .
Ari Berk is an American writer , folklorist , artist , and scholar of literature , iconography , and comparative myth .
Magnus Jacob Crusenstolpe ( 1795 - -1865 ) , Swedish historian , early became famous both as a political and a historical writer .
Nadia Afgan ( Urdu : نادیه افغان‎ ) is a Pakistani actress and comedian .
Gillis MacGill ( September 2 , 1928 -- December 16 , 2013 ) was fashion model who opened her own modelling agency , Mannequin , in November 1960 .
William A. Anderson ( October 19 , 1873 -- December 12 , 1954 ) was a politician and judge who served as the 30th mayor of Minneapolis .
Jeffrey Ross Lifschultz ( born September 13 , 1965 ) , known professionally as Jeff Ross , is an American stand - up comedian , insult comic , actor , director and author .
Jorge Isaacs Ferrer ( April 1 , 1837 -- April 17 , 1895 ) was a Colombian writer , politician and soldier .
David Grenvold ( born 6 March 1966 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Kneeland Youngblood ( born December 13 , 1955 ) is an African - American physician , businessman , and political figure .
Clifford Lindsey Alderman ( August 5 , 1902 -- June 14 , 1988 ) was an American writer of historical fiction and nonfiction for adults and adolescents , best known for young - adult nonfiction .
Seánie Barry ( born 1945 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing - forward for the Cork senior team .
David N. Stamos is a philosopher of science and teaches in the Philosophy Department at York University .
Moses Harry Horwitz ( June 19 , 1897 -- May 4 , 1975 ) , known professionally as Moe Howard , was an American actor and comedian best known as the de facto leader of the Three Stooges , the farce comedy team who starred in motion pictures and television for four decades .
Veronica Stallwood is the author of a series of novels set in Oxford and featuring Kate Ivory , historical novelist and often reluctant sleuth .
Conrad Phillip Kottak ( born October 6 , 1942 , in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American anthropologist .
John Billingsley ( /ˈbɪlɪŋɡzli/ , born May 20 , 1960 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Doctor Phlox on the television series Star Trek :
Karl Weidel III ( September 27 , 1923 -- January 31 , 1997 ) was an American Republican Party politician from New Jersey , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly .
Dorothy Gibson ( May 17 , 1889 -- February 17 , 1946 ) was a pioneering American silent film actress , artist 's model and singer active in the early 20th century .
Mustafa Ghouse ( born 19 August 1980 ) is a former Indian tennis player , between 1996 and 2008 representing India on the Davis Cup team .
Nick Afanasiev ( born July 29 , 1989 ) is a Russian - born American actor , known for having the longest tongue in recorded history .
The Master of the Berswordt Altar ( sometimes called the Master of the Crucifixion in the Marienkirche at Dortmund ) was a German painter , active in the area around Dortmund during the 14th and 15th centuries .
Cliff Nielsen is a book illustrator and comic book artist .
Airin Sultana ( Bengali : আইরিন সুলতানা ) is a Bangladeshi ramp model and actress .
Eilat Mazar ( Hebrew : אילת מזר‎ ; born September 10 , 1956 ) is a third - generation Israeli archaeologist , specializing in Jerusalem and Phoenician archeology .
Rajesh Mirchandani is a global communications leader and former British television journalist .
Penny LaRocque ( born ca . 1943 in Yarmouth , Nova Scotia ) is a Canadian retired curler from Halifax , Nova Scotia .
The Painter of the Vatican Mourner was an Attic black - figure vase painter , active in the middle of the sixth century BC and closely connected with the artists of the E Group .
Marc Culwick ( sometimes credited as Mark Culwick ) is a British - born actor whose most famous role was as Prince Albert Victor Christian Edward in the 1988 adaption of the Jack the Ripper legend starring Michael Caine .
John Christopher Mahoney ( December 19 , 1882 -- November 18 , 1952 ) was a federal judge in the United States .
Hansjörg Schneider ( born 1938 ) is a Swiss writer and dramatist known for occasionally using Mundart or Swiss dialect .
Carol Liu ( Chinese : 劉璿卿 ; pinyin : Liú Xuánqīng ; born September 12 , 1941 ) is a Democratic politician in the state of California who served in the State Assembly from 2000 until she was termed out in 2006 .
Carmen Borgia is a singer , songwriter , sound mixer and film sound designer residing in New York City .
Fazil Mammadov Asad oglu ( Azerbaijani : Fazil Məmmədov Əsəd oğlu ) is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Minister of Taxes of Azerbaijan Republic .
Simon Ings is an English novelist and science writer living in London .
John B. Cobb , Jr. ( born February 9 , 1925 ) is an American theologian , philosopher , and environmentalist .
Ian Edginton is a British comic book writer , known for his work on such titles as ' X - Force , Scarlet Traces , H. G. Wells ' The War of the Worlds and Leviathan .
Alexander M. Cruikshank ( born December 13 , 1919 ) is an American chemist and long - serving director of the Gordon Research Conferences .
Jacobus Cornelis Wijnandus Cossaar ( born Amsterdam , August 8 , 1874 - died The Hague , November 25 , 1966 ) was a Dutch painter working under the name Ko Cossaar .
Divine Bradley ( born October 9 , 1982 ) is a motivational speaker , community leader , entrepreneur and founder of Team Revolution , a youth - led community service organization based in New York City , New York .
Lana Chapel ( Cherokee ancestry ) is the daughter of songwriter and country and rock & roll singer Jean Chapel aka Mattie O'Neil , and her husband , western swing artist and songwriter / musician / comedian , Salty Holmes , of the Prairie Ramblers .
Bert Zara ( born in Sydney , New South Wales ) was an Australian rugby league player for the Eastern Suburbs club in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition .
Rosi Golan is an indie singer - songwriter originally from Israel , now residing in Brooklyn , New York .
Dave Dufort ( also known as Hermien Jerian - du'Fort ) is a British rock drummer who has played with Ian Hunter , Kevin Ayers , Mike Oldfield and Screaming Lord Sutch , and was a member of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal bands E. F. Band , Angel Witch and Tytan .
Wacław Radziwinowicz ( 1953 , Olsztyn)- Polish journalist , 1997 - 2015 correspondent of Gazeta Wyborcza in Russia .
Mian Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif ( Punjabi , pronounced ( miˈɑ̃ː mʊˈɦəm.məd̪ ʃɛhˈbɑːz ʃəˈriːf ) ; born 23 September 1951 ) is a Pakistani politician and the current Chief Minister Punjab since 8 June 2013 .
Rainer Polak is an ethnomusicologist and djembe drummer who has researched in the field of West African celebration music performances and written in the field of ethnomusicology .
Anita Colby ( August 5 , 1914 - March 27 , 1992 ) was an actress and model .
Andre DiJuan Daniels ( born March 31 , 1986 ) , better known by his stage name Add-2 , sometimes stylized as Add 2 , is an American rapper from Chicago , Illinois .
George Gurnett ( c. 1792 -- November 17 , 1861 ) was a Canadian journalist and city of Toronto politician .
Todd David Lawhorne is an American theatre and film actor .
Nasir bin Olu Dara Jones ( /nɑːˈsɪər/ ; born September 14 , 1973 ) , better known as Nas /ˈnɑːz/ , is an American rapper , songwriter , entrepreneur , record producer and actor .
Jarell Damonte Houston Sr . ( born August 11 , 1985 ) , known as J - Boog , is an American R&B singer , rapper , and actor .
Gessiron Alves de Franco , known as Siron Franco ( born July 26 , 1947 ) Brazilian painter , designer and sculptor , Siron Franco was born in Goiás Velho , GO , on July 26 , 1947 .
Dubravko Detoni ( born 22 February 1937 ) is a composer , pianist and writer .
Jo Manning ( born 11 December 1923 ) is a Canadian etcher and painter .
Desmond Vamplew ( born 20 August 1955 in Toronto ) is a sport shooter from Canada .
Durwin Talon ( born London , Ontario ) is a comics artist , illustrator , author and professor of illustration .
Troy Walker is an American cartoonist , toy inventor , producer , and founder of TWP Cartoon Studios .
Heidi Mount ( née Whitworth , born April 6 , 1987 ) is an American fashion model .
Edward Brocket ( 1490/91 - 1558/69 ) , of Broadfield and Letchworth , Hertfordshire , was an English politician .
Bernard Ratzer was a British cartographer , best known for his 18th - century maps of early New York City .
Janette Becerra ( Caguas , Puerto Rico , 1965 ) is a Puerto Rican poet , writer , teacher and literary critic .
Andrea Holland is a former British synchronized swimmer and coach of the Swiss and British synchronized swimming teams .
Mohamed Warsame Ali `` Kiimiko '' ( Somali : Maxamed Warsame Cali `` Kiimiko '' ) is a Somali politician and diplomat .
Joel Mossberg was a Swedish - American singer , educator and choir director , who was active between the years 1900 and 1920 .
Nancy Davis Griffeth ( born October 26 , 1945 ) is an American computer scientist notable for approaches to the feature interaction problem .
Yvonne Marceau is an American ballroom dancer , choreographer , and instructor .
José Antonio Ardanza Garro is a former Basque politician that became the second elected Lehendakari ( President of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country ) after the approval of the Statute of Autonomy .
Sandy Gandhi ( born Sandy Aranha ) is an Australian comedian and columnist based in Byron Bay , New South Wales , Australia .
Sabrina Johnston is an American singer , best known for her 1991 club anthem , `` Peace '' , which reached the Top 10 in the UK Singles Chart .
Douglas E. Richards ( born May 7 , 1962 ) is an American writer , primarily of science fiction and both nonfiction and fiction for children .
Jean - Pierre Rocroi is a French malacologist , a scientist , a zoologist who studies mollusks .
Rollin Kirby ( September 4 , 1875 , Galva , Illinois -- May 8 , 1952 , New York , New York ) was an American political cartoonist .
Adam Growe ( born July 21 , 1967 ) , is a Canadian comedian , licensed Toronto cab driver , and the host of the Canadian version of Cash Cab .
Kara Saun is an American fashion designer who participated in the first season of American reality show Project Runway .
Jeremy J. Ford is a film director and television writer based in Los Angeles , CA .
Jacob Erskine Mayer ( born James Erskine Mayer , January 16 , 1889 -- March 10 , 1957 ) was an American baseball player who played for three different Major League Baseball teams during the 1910s .
Jerome Vinograd ( February 9 , 1913 -- July 7 , 1976 ) was an American biochemist who developed density gradient ultracentrifugation and contributed to the understanding of DNA supercoiling .
Brian Melancon ( born May 28 , 1982 ) is a retired American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the UFC 's Welterweight division .
Daisy de Peinder ( born December 26 , 1976 in Breda ) , is a Dutch softball player , who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions .
Agostino Campanella ( active 1770 ) was an Italian painter and engraver .
Tom Porras ( born March 28 , 1958 ) is an American former gridiron football player .
Tommy Tam Fu - Wing ( born 19 August 1946 ) , better known by his stage name Ti Lung , is a Hong Kong actor , known for his numerous starring roles in a string of Shaw Brothers Studio 's films , particularly The Sentimental Swordsman and its sequel , and in the classic A Better Tomorrow .
Ram Hari Dhungel ( Nepali : रामहरी ढुंगेल ) is a Nepalese politician .
Kong Xue is a Chinese short track speed skater .
Johannes Kotschy is a Swedish singer and songwriter who rose to fame after winning the third season of the Swedish reality show Popstars on Kanal5 .
Asma Agbarieh - Zahalka ( Arabic : أسماء إغبارية-زحالقة‎ , Hebrew : אסמא אגבארייה‎ , born 1973 ) is an Israeli Arab journalist and political activist who heads the Organization for Democratic Action ( Da'am ) party .
Pedro de Sintra also known as Pêro de Sintra was a Portuguese explorer .
Antonio Serra was a late 16th - century Italian philosopher and economist in the Mercantilist tradition .
Mario Calvo - Platero ( born April 26 , 1954 ) is an Italian journalist who has been the US editor of the prestigious Italian newspaper Il Sole 24 Ore for over 30 years .
Cirio H. Santiago ( January 18 , 1936 - -September 26 , 2008 ) was a prolific Filipino film producer , director , writer and cinematographer .
Thomas Schnauz is an American television producer and television writer .
Syed Sajid Shah ( born October 19 , 1974 ) in Mardan is a Pakistani first class cricketer .
Haziq Kamaruddin ( born 21 July 1993 , in Johor ) is a Malaysian archer .
Japhet Uutoni ( also spelled Jafet Uutoni ) ( born June 29 , 1979 ) is an amateur Namibian boxer .
Girolamo dai Libri ( 1474/1475 -- July 2 , 1555 ) was an Italian illuminator of manuscripts and painter of altarpieces , working in an early - Renaissance style .
Robert Beaven ( January 20 , 1836 -- September 18 , 1920 ) , son of James Beaven , was a British Columbia politician and businessman .
Sandy Dvore is an American artist and graphic designer .
Otto Vogl ( November 6 , 1927 -- April 27 , 2013 ) was an American chemist , polymer scientist , and educator .
Brad Sherrill is an Atlanta - based professional stage actor who gained national recognition beginning in 2001 with his off - Broadway and subsequent national touring performance of The Gospel of John .
Krishna Sen ( Ichhuk ) was a journalist of Nepal .
Katherine Kennicott Davis ( June 25 , 1892 - April 20 , 1980 ) was a composer , pianist , and author of the famous Christmas tune `` The Little Drummer Boy '' .
Hasan Jamil Alvi ( July 25 , 1952 -- October 7 , 2015 ) was a Pakistani cricketer who played six ODIs between 1977 to 1978 .
Michael Musto ( born December 3 , 1955 ) is an American journalist and a former columnist for The Village Voice , where he wrote La Dolce Musto .
Alberto Barton , was a Peruvian microbiologist who discovered the etiologic agent of Carrion´s disease or Oroya fever .
Miki Kratsman is an Israeli photographer , photojournalist and activist .
Robert F. Worley ( October 10 , 1919 -- July 23 , 1968 ) was a United States Air Force major general and fighter pilot who was killed in action in 1968 , in South Vietnam .
Rajat Kapoor ( Hindi : रजत कपूर ) is an Indian actor , writer and director born in 1961 .
John Lawrence Paynter was a Canadian diplomat who served as Ambassador to Russia , China , Thailand , Laos , Burma , Vietnam , and Mongolia and as High Commissioner to India and Nepal .
Thurlow Bergen ( born January 14 , 1875 - 1940 ( ? ) ) was an American actor of stage and silent film .
Anders Larsen ( December 2 , 1870 -- December 10 , 1949 ) was a Sami teacher , journalist , and writer .
Hans Kinzl ( 1899 - -1979 ) was an Austrian geographer and mountain researcher .
Carlos Montilla ( born 21 August 1965 ) is a Venezuelan television and theater actor known for his roles in various telenovelas and theater productions .
Frank C. Platt ( born January 23 , 1866 in Painted Post , Steuben County , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Jan Karpíšek is a Czech contemporary painter .
Vestal Goodman ( December 13 , 1929 -- December 27 , 2003 ) was a singer who performed in the Southern gospel genre for more than half a century .
W. Terry McBrayer ( born September 1 , 1937 ) is a Democratic lobbyist , attorney , and former politician in Lexington , Kentucky .
Aboubakar Diaby Ouattara is a diplomat from Côte d'Ivoire .
Paul Duqueylar , a French historical painter , born at Digne in 1771 , was a scholar of David .
Hershel Schachter ( born July 28 , 1941 ) is a rabbi and rosh yeshiva at Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary ( RIETS ) , Yeshiva University , in New York City , and the son of the late Rabbi Melech Schachter , who was also a rosh yeshiva at Yeshiva University .
Robert Lewis Reid ( July 29 , 1862 -- December 2 , 1929 ) was an American Impressionist painter and muralist .
Arliss Howard ( born Leslie Richard Howard ; October 18 , 1954 ) is an American actor , writer and film director .
William Bailiff ( fl . 1386 ) was an English politician .
Yuko Maruyama ( 丸山裕子 Maruyama Yuko , born September 17 , 1989 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for NEC Red Rockets .
Ryan Alosio is an American / Irish film , television , and stage actor .
David L. Levin ( born July 24 , 1949 in St. Louis ) is an American politician who served as a Missouri state representative , being first elected in 1994 .
Brian Reitzell ( born December 24 , 1965 ) is a musician , composer , record producer and music supervisor best known for his contributions to several film soundtracks .
Ali Barraud N'Goni ( January 31 , 1918 -- October 11 , 2015 ) was a Burkinabé politician who served as Minister of Public Health and Population for Upper Volta .
Thomas Dreßler is a retired East German swimmer who won a silver and a bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the European championships in 1985 and 1987 , respectively .
Suzanne Morrow Francis or Suzanna Morrow - Francis ( December 14 , 1930 -- June 11 , 2006 ) was a Canadian figure skater .
Joshua Kurlantzick is an American journalist from Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Carmine Appice ( born December 15 , 1946 ) is an American drummer and percussionist most commonly associated with the rock genre of music .
Jon Vroman ( born June 14 , 1975 ) is an American award - winning motivational speaker , author , philanthropist , personal coach , ultra - marathon runner , and founder of Front Row Foundation .
Jean - Jacques Cadet ( born February 22 , 1976 ) , better known by his stage name J - Live , is an American rapper , DJ and producer from New York .
Roger Hubert ( 1903 - -1964 ) was a French cinematographer who worked on over ninety films between 1923 and 1972 .
Vindika Chandrasiri ( full name Hewa Kahakandage Don Vindika Nadeera Chandrasiri ; born 28 January 1988 ) is a Sri Lankan cricketer .
William Taylor Phillips ( born June 18 , 1933 ) , nicknamed `` T - Bone '' , is an American former professional baseball player , a pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1956 - 1963 .
Mariama Hima Yankori ( 1951 , Niamey ) is a Nigerien film director , ethnologist and politician .
Ève Salvail ( born April 7 , 1973 ) is a French - Canadian model .
Wazmo Nariz ( born Larry Grennan in Chicago , Illinois ) was a quirky new wave singer and songwriter .
Adolfo de Urquijo e Ibarra , Count of Urquijo ( 1866 - 1933 ) was an Alfonsist politician , deputy , president of the Biscay deputation , publisher , and expert in Basque culture and history .
Kevin Greenaugh , PhD ( born May 15 , 1956 ) is an American nuclear engineer and senior manager at the National Nuclear Security Administration ( NNSA ) in Washington , DC , USA .
Atilio Stampone ( born July 1 , 1926 ) is an Argentine pianist , composer and arranger prominent in the Tango genre .
Blanca Soto ( born Blanca Delfina Soto Benavides on January 5 , 1979 ) is a Mexican actress , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Nuestra Belleza Mundo México 1997 .
Noah Marullo ( born 23 June 1999 ) is a British child actor from Flax Bourton , Somerset .
After the war , Bogarde 's agent renamed him `` Dirk Bogarde '' and he was handsome enough to begin a career as a film actor .
Jennifer Berezan ( born January 19 , 1961 ) is a Canadian singer / songwriter , producer , and activist .
Andrew Goffman is an American actor , stand - up comic , and author / performer of the Off - Broadway one man show The Accidental Pervert .
Mahdi Dakhlallah ( Arabic : مهدي دخل الله‎ ) ( born 1947 ) is a Syrian Ba'ath party politician and diplomat .
Armando Labra ( May 9 , 1943 -- April 5 , 2006 ) was a Mexican economist , and the technical secretary for the Planification Counsel of the UNAM .
Robert Louis Carleton ( aka Bob Carleton ) ( November 8 , 1894 or 1896 , Missouri -- July 13 , 1956 , Burbank , California ) was an American pianist and composer of popular music .
Fabrizio de Miranda ( October 30 , 1926 -- January 21 , 2015 ) was an Italian bridges and structural engineer and university professor .
Caroline Herring is an American folk and country singer , songwriter and musician .
Martin Samuel Cohen is rabbi of the Shelter Rock Jewish Center in Roslyn , New York .
Roman Yegorov ( Russian : Роман Егоров ; born January 25 , 1974 ) is a former Russian freestyle swimmer .
Nicola Marschall ( 1829 -- 1917 ) was a German - American artist who supported the Confederate cause during the American Civil War .
Sheikh Sa'id ibn Jubayr ( d. 714 ) stated , `` Raja ibn Haywah used to be regarded as the most knowledgeable faqih in Syria , but if you provoke him , you will find him Syrian in his views quoting Abd al - Malik ibn Marwan saying such - and - such . ''
Gian Carlo Menotti ( pronounced ( dʒan ˈkarlo meˈnɔtːi ) ; July 7 , 1911 -- February 1 , 2007 ) was an Italian - American composer and librettist .
Alush Saraçi was an Albanian politician and mayor of Elbasan from 1912 through 1913 .
Melanie Guile is an Australian writer for children and adults .
Bedřich Wachsmann ( May 24 , 1820 -- February 27 , 1897 ) was a German - speaking Czech painter , decorator and architect .
Dr. Erik Severson ( February 3 , 1974 ) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator .
Jan Groover ( April 24 , 1943 -- January 1 , 2012 ) was an American photographer who spent the last part of her life in Montpon - Menesterol , France , with her husband , a painter and critic named Bruce Boice .
Oskar Lebeck ( August 30 , 1903 -- December 20 , 1966 ) was a stage designer and an illustrator , writer and editor ( mostly of children 's literature ) who is best known for his role in establishing Dell Comics during the 1930s and 1940s period known as the Golden Age of Comic Books .
Shei Atkins is an R&B singer - songwriter .
Antiochos Evangelatos ( sometimes spelled Evanghelatos ) ( Greek : Αντίοχος Ευαγγελάτος ; 1903 -- 1981 ) was a Greek composer and conductor .
Ruth Baker Pratt ( August 24 , 1877 -- August 23 , 1965 ) , was an American politician and the first congresswoman to be elected from New York .
Hamid Khorassani ( Persian : حمید خراسانی‎‎ ; born August 27 , 1982 ) , professionally known as Akira Corassani , is a retired Swedish mixed martial artist who most recently competed as a featherweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Sven Anders Rutqvist ( born August 30 , 1958 in Krokom , Jämtland ) is a former Swedish Olympic swimmer .
Rinaldo Carnielo ( 1853 - 1910 ) was an Italian sculptor , known for his macabre sensibility .
Florus of Lyon ( Florus Lugdunensis ) , a deacon in Lyon , was an ecclesiastical writer in the first half of the ninth century .
Minoru Yamasaki ( December 1 , 1912 -- February 6 , 1986 ) was an American architect , best known for designing the original World Trade Center in New York City and several other large - scale projects .
Hans E. J. Neugebauer was a German - born physicist and imaging scientist who later lived in the United States and Canada .
Epicurus ( /ˌɛpɪˈkjʊərəs/ or /ˌɛpɪˈkjɔːrəs/ ; Greek : Ἐπίκουρος , Epíkouros , `` ally , comrade '' ; 341 - -270 BC ) was an ancient Greek philosopher as well as the founder of the school of philosophy called Epicureanism .
Nancy Krasne is an American politician and philanthropist .
Imad Abu Zahra ( ca . 1968 -- July 12 , 2002 ) was a freelance photo journalist who worked in Jenin , Palestine .
Mohombi Nzasi Moupondo , known professionally as Mohombi , is a Swedish - Congolese singer - songwriter and dancer .
Barbara C. Wallace is a clinical psychologist and the first African - American woman tenured professor at Teachers College of Columbia University .
Israel Victor Welch ( January 20 , 1822 -- May 18 , 1869 ) was a Confederate politician during the American Civil War .
Tamirace Fakhoury is a Lebanese poet born in Beit Chabab , Mount Lebanon .
Stanislav Gribkov is a Russian conductor and artistic director of the Saint Petersburg TV .
Mohan Joshi is an Indian film , television and theater actor .
Vera James ( 1892 - 1980 ) was a New Zealand born actor who worked in theatre and film .
Arnold Kling ( born 1954 ) is an American economist , scholar , and blogger known for his writings on EconLog , an economics blog , along with Bryan Caplan and David R. Henderson .
Ricardo Kotscho ( born in São Paulo on March 16 , 1948 ) is a Brazilian journalist and author .
Gregory Charles Rivers ( Chinese : 河國榮 ; Jyutping : Ho4 Gwok3wing4 ; born 1965 ) is a Hong Kong actor of Australian heritage .
Kalyan Varma ( born January 13 , 1980 ) is a Bangalore based wildlife photographer and filmmaker .
Catherine Mayer is an American - born , British , author and journalist and the co - founder of the Women 's Equality Party ( WE ) , in the UK .
Lovemore `` Majaivana '' Tshuma ( born 1954 ) , commonly known as Lovemore Majaivana is a Zimbabwean musician , arguably the most popular Ndebele singer , and by far the most prominent to have come out of Bulawayo .
Janis Brenner is an award - winning dancer / choreographer / singer / teacher and is artistic director of Janis Brenner & Dancers in New York City .
Ferenc Demjén is a Hungarian pop singer - songwriter and bassist .
Cathy Carroll ( born December 26 , 1939 as Carolyn Stern ) , was an American singer .
Anjul Nigam ( born December 15 , 1965 ) is an established character actor .
Bernard Russ Alben ( December 27 , 1929 -- August 26 , 2012 ) was an American advertising executive and composer .
Allen Lowe is a composer , musician , music historian , sound restoration specialist , and author .
Joey Scarbury ( born June 7 , 1955 ) is an American singer best known for his hit song , `` Theme from The Greatest American Hero ( Believe It or Not ) '' , in 1981 .
Tom Dickson is an American figure skater who currently works as a coach and choreographer .
Jack Dennett ( May 30 , 1916 -- August 27 , 1975 ) was a Canadian radio and television announcer .
George Kingsley Zipf ( /ˈzɪf/ ; 1902 - -1950 ) , was an American linguist and philologist who studied statistical occurrences in different languages .
William Bell Dinsmoor , Sr . ( July 29 , 1886 -- July 2 , 1973 ) was an American architectural historian of classical Greece and a Columbia University professor of art and archaeology .
Priscus of Panium ( /ˈprɪskəs/ ; Greek : Πρίσκος ) was a 5th - century Roman diplomat and Greek historian and rhetorician ( or sophist ) .
Almonte Douglas Alkenbrack ( June 2 , 1912 -- March 19 , 1998 ) was a Canadian politician and a lumberman .
Margot Williams is a journalist and research librarian , who was part of teams at the Washington Post that won two Pulitzer Prizes .
Pierluigi Cimma or Pier Luigi Cimma ( August 19 , 1941 -- July 31 , 2006 ) , was an Italian composer , lutenist , guitarist and teacher .
Krista Muir is a Canadian indie rock singer - songwriter .
Jim Silye ( born April 28 , 1946 ) is a Canadian politician , businessman , and former professional football player for the Canadian Football League .
Bob Kilpatrick is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and broadcaster , born in Louisville , Kentucky .
Melissa Pierce is an American entrepreneur and documentary filmmaker .
Theo Avgerinos ( born September 22 , 1978 in New York City ) is a feature film director who directed , Fifty Pills , an independent , features Lou Taylor Pucci , Kristen Bell , John Hensley , Nora Zehetner , Michael Peña , Jane Lynch , Monica Keena , and Eddie Kaye Thomas .
William Pitt Ballinger ( September 25 , 1825 -- January 20 , 1888 ) was a respected and influential Texas lawyer and statesman .
Mark Tout ( born 24 June 1961 ) is an English bobsledder who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s .
Jimmy McNeece was a professional American Lightweight boxer from Oakdale , Long Island , New York .
Folau Niua ( born January 27 , 1985 ) is an American rugby union player , who plays fly - half for the United States national rugby team and United States national rugby sevens team .
James Moyer Franks ( born August 27 , 1972 ) , better known by the stage name Jimmy Pop , is an American musician .
Obed Taylor ( April 27 , 1824 - August 2 , 1881 ) was an architect who designed many notable buildings in early Utah that survive on the National Register of Historic Places .
Prince George Barbu Știrbei ( 1832 -- 1925 ) was a Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs from July 15 , 1866 until February 21 , 1867 .
Felipe Gil , also known by his nickname El Charro is a Mexican singer and songwriter .
Vitali Tajbert ( born May 25 , 1982 in Michailovka , Kazakh SSR ) is a German boxer and former WBC world champion as well as Olympic medalist , who competes in the lightweight division .
Duška Vučinić - Lučić is a Serbian television journalist , presenter , and director who is currently head of Press and Public Relations at RTS .
Paul Cadden ( born 1964 ) is a Scottish hyperrealist artist .
Magali Amadei ( born November 30 , 1974 ) is a French fashion model living in New York City .
Thomas Heth or Heath ( fl . 1583 ) was an English mathematician .
Edmund Lowey MLC ( born 12 February 1938 ) is a Manx politician , who is a Member of the Legislative Council in the Isle of Man .
John Gallaher ( born January 6 , 1965 ) is an American poet and assistant professor of English at Northwest Missouri State University , and co - editor of The Laurel Review , supported by Northwest 's English Department .
Elijah Hayward ( November 17 , 1786 -- September 22 , 1864 ) was a lawyer in the U.S. State of Ohio who represented his county in the Ohio House of Representatives , sat on the Ohio Supreme Court for a short time , and was Commissioner of the General Land Office .
Mieczysław Horszowski ( June 23 , 1892 -- May 22 , 1993 ) was a Polish - American pianist who had one of the longest careers in the history of the performing arts .
Giovanni Battista Locatelli ( 7 January 1713 -- 14 March 1785 ) was an Italian opera director , impresario and owner of a private opera company .
Ko Chun - hsiung ( Chinese : 柯俊雄 ; pinyin : Kē Jùnxióng ; 15 January 1945 -- 6 December 2015 ) was a Taiwanese actor , director and politician .
Margaret Beck ( later Margaret Lockwood ; born 1952 ) is a retired badminton player from England who ranked among the world 's best during most of the 1970s .
Lucy Beresford is a British writer , psychotherapist and broadcaster , born in 1964 in West Sussex .
Susie Suh ( born in Los Angeles , California ) is a Korean - American adult alternative / folk - rock singer - songwriter .
Priya Marathe married her longtime friend , actor Shantanu Moghe , son of actor Shrikant Moghe , on April 24 , 2012 .
James J. Carrigan is an American attorney and politician who served in the Massachusetts General Court .
Jacob Golden an American singer - songwriter and guitarist from Portland , Oregon .
Wallace Townsend ( August 20 , 1882 -- January 7 , 1979 ) was an Iowa - born lawyer who was from 1928 to 1961 the Republican national committeeman from the U.S. state of Arkansas .
Michael Culkin is an English theatre , film , and television actor probably best known for his role as Judge Buller in the BBC drama Garrow 's Law .
Dan Farmer ( born April 5 , 1962 ) is an American computer security researcher and programmer who was a pioneer in the development of vulnerability scanners for Unix operating systems and computer networks .
William Hammesfahr is an American neurologist practicing in Clearwater , Florida , who specializes in treating stroke victims .
Arabella Plantin ( born 1700 ) was an eighteenth century British novelist .
Xie Daoyun ( 謝道韞 , before 340-after 399 ) was a Chinese poet , writer , scholar , calligrapher and debater of the Eastern Jin Dynasty .
Shaun Pye is an English actor , comedian , writer , critic , television producer , editor and journalist , known for co - creating the animated sketch comedy Monkey Dust with Harry Thompson , and for his role as Greg Lindley - Jones on Ricky Gervais 's sitcom Extras .
Alice McGill is an American children 's writer and professional storyteller .
George Frederick Dick ( July 21 , 1881 -- October 10 , 1967 ) was an American physician and bacteriologist best known for his work with scarlet fever .
Mary Karr ( born January 16 , 1955 ) is an American poet , essayist and memoirist .
Joseph Edward Schermetzler ( February 12 , 1946 -- March 25 , 2002 ) , known as Joe Schermie , was an American musician , best known as the bass player for the 1970s American rock - pop group Three Dog Night .
Benjamin Matthias Nead ( 1847 - -1923 ) was an American historian , author , newspaper editor , lawyer , and politician .
Jsu Garcia ( born October 6 , 1963 ) is an American film and television actor , and film producer .
Valgeir Sigurðsson ( born 1971 ) is an Icelandic record producer , mixer , composer , engineer and musician .
Sevdalin Marinov ( Bulgarian : Севдалин Маринов ) ( born June 11 , 1968 ) is a former Bulgarian weightlifter .
The Totally Senseless Gameshow is a one - off variety show that aired on 11 August 2015 for BBC Three .
The Persuaders ! is an action / adventure / comedy series produced by ITC Entertainment , and initially broadcast on ITV and ABC in 1971 .
Kidnap and Ransom is a British television three - part miniseries , originally shown on ITV in January 2011 with a second series following in February 2012 .
A puro corazón , is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by Francisco Busatto for Televen .
Real Sex is a documentary television series broadcast on and a production of HBO .
The Showbiz Show with David Spade was a weekly television program on Comedy Central that starred comedian David Spade .
Rishton Ka Mela was an Indian television series , which premiered on 27 April 2015 on Zee TV .
The Voice Indonesia is a reality television singing competition created by John de Mol which premiered in Indonesia on 10 February 2013 on Indosiar .
Blood , Sweat and Gears is an Australian television series that airs on Fox8 .
The Baseball Bunch is an American educational children 's television series that originally aired in broadcast syndication from August 23 , 1980 through the fall of 1985 .
Theologo ' 67 was a Canadian documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1968 .
Unfabulous is an American children 's television series that aired on Nickelodeon .
Reno 911 ! is an American comedy television series on Comedy Central that ran from 2003 to 2009 .
King of the Castle is a British children 's television serial made by HTV for ITV in 1977 .
The First Five Years is a Canadian informational television series which aired on CBC Television from 1971 to 1974 .
Ballbreakers is a pocket billiards game show that began on the Game Show Network on July 18 , 2005 .
Justujoo is an Indian soap opera which aired on Zee TV on Tuesday evenings in 2002 .
Never Better is a British television sitcom which started on BBC Two on 10 January 2008 .
Weird Travels is an American documentary paranormal television series that originally aired from 2001 to 2006 on the Travel Channel .
Leap Years is a 2001 drama television series that aired on the Showtime cable network .
Right to Reply ( sometimes called R2R ) was a British television series shown on Channel 4 from 1982 until 2001 , which allowed viewers to voice their complaints or concerns about TV programmes .
Pikku Kakkonen ( Finnish for `` the little two '' ) is an ongoing Finnish magazine - type children 's TV show shown on Yle TV2 .
Greatest American Dog was an American reality television show on CBS .
Most Terrifying Places in America was an American paranormal documentary television series that premiered on October 9 , 2009 on the Travel Channel as a stand alone special .
We 've Got Your Number is a BBC National Lottery game show that was broadcast on BBC One from 27 February 1999 to 15 May 1999 .
Canada Now ( more formally CBC News : Canada Now ) was the early - evening national news program on CBC Television , the main English television network of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , between 2000 and 2007 .
Give Us a Clue is a British televised game show version of charades which was broadcast on ITV from 1979 to 1992 .
Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg is an informal interview - style show on the cable channel TV Land in which comedian David Steinberg talks with famous comedians and comic actors .
Bobcat 's Big Ass Show is an American game show that aired on FX in 1998 .
St. Elsewhere is an American medical drama television series that originally ran on NBC from October 26 , 1982 , to May 25 , 1988 .
Chintu Chinki Aur Ek Badi Si Love Story was a SAB TV comedy TV show .
Think Like a Cat is an American game show produced by Grand Central Marketing , and broadcast by Game Show Network .
A Bite of China attracted high ratings during its nightly airing on CCTV-1 , drawing an estimated 100 million viewers .
Chasing Nashville is an American reality television series that aired on Lifetime beginning on October 22 , 2013 , to November 12 , 2013 .
The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop is a British documentary television series broadcast on BBC One from 18 March to 1 April 2015 .
Robert Montgomery Presents is an American dramatic television series which was produced by NBC from January 30 , 1950 until June 24 , 1957 .
Sunset Tan is an American reality television on E ! , and debuted on May 28 , 2007 .
Their last special , 2005 's French and Saunders Christmas Celebrity Special , aired on 27 December 2005 on BBC One .
Faux Pause was an American television program that aired in 1998 on Game Show Network .
First Dates is a British reality television show that has aired on Channel 4 since 20 June 2013 .
Blastocladiomycota is one of the currently recognized phyla within the kingdom Fungi .
Necroraphidia is an extinct genus of snakefly in the family Mesoraphidiidae .
While the subtribe Aspidiellina was not mentioned in Takagi 's 2002 study , the Aspidiotini were not deemed as problematical as the Diaspidini and Lepidosaphidini .
The Booroolong frog ( Litoria booroolongensis ) is a species of stream - dwelling frog native to the western slopes and ranges of New South Wales and northern Victoria .
Vestergrenopsis is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Placynthiaceae family .
William 's mbuna ( Maylandia greshakei ) , also known as ice blue zebra or the Pseudotropheus ice blue among the aquarium enthusiasts , is a species of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only found at Makokola in the southeastern arm of the lake .
The Bonelli 's eagle ( Aquila fasciata ) is a large bird of prey .
Neosharpiella is a genus of moss containing two species in the family Bartramiaceae .
The Vanuatu white - eye or yellow - fronted white - eye ( Zosterops flavifrons ) is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus Zosterops in the white - eye family Zosteropidae .
Muxbalia monzoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Muxbalia .
Phocine distemper virus ( PDV ) is a paramyxovirus of the genus Morbillivirus that is pathogenic for pinniped species , particularly seals .
The Chapman 's antshrike ( Thamnophilus zarumae ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
The Katanga caco or Katanga metal frog ( Cacosternum leleupi ) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family , endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Candy cap or curry milkcap is the English - language common name for several closely related edible species of Lactarius ;
The Sunda laughingthrush ( Garrulax palliatus ) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family .
Brassia is a genus of orchids classified in the Oncidiinae subtribe .
Phytosaurs are generally regarded as the most basal group of Crurotarsi , a clade of archosaurs that includes crocodilians and their extinct relatives .
Euchrysops is a genus of Afrotropical butterfly in the family Lycaenidae .
The Willard 's sooty boubou ( Laniarius willardi ) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family .
Michiganites is placed in the suborder Prolecanitinae ( the Prolecanitaceae of Hyatt 1884 ) and in the family Prolecanitidae along with related genera , Becanites , Dombarocanites , Eocanites , Katacanites , Metacanites , and Prolecanites
Arminoidea is the only superfamily in the clade Euarminida .
Argonauta pacifica , also known as the Pacific argonaut , is a species of pelagic octopus .
Stempfferia gordoni , the Brown Black - square Epitola , is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
Tethydidae is a family of dendronotid nudibranch gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tritonioidea .
Eremascus is the sole genus in the fungal family Eremascaceae .
Chalcolampra is a genus of leaf beetles contained in the family Chrysomelidae .
Mikadotrochus is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurotomariidae , the slit snails .
The Chinese bahaba ( Bahaba taipingensis ) is a species of marine fish in the Sciaenidae family .
The Asian palm civet ( Paradoxurus hermaphroditus ) , also called toddy cat , is a small member of the family Viverridae native to South and Southeast Asia .
The Spotfin flounder ( Cyclopsetta fimbriata ) is a species of large - tooth flounder native to the western Atlantic Ocean .
Tapinanthus is a genus of mistletoe in family Loranthaceae .
Fonticula , Nuclearia , and Fungi have been united into the Nucletmycea , which is sister to the Holozoa .
Tascina is a genus of moths within the Castniidae family .
Cuvier 's beaked whale or the goose - beaked whale ( Ziphius cavirostris ) , the only member of the genus Ziphius , is the most widely distributed of all the beaked whales .
Kayea is a plant genus in the family Calophyllaceae .
The generic name combines the Latin prefix para , meaning `` close to '' , with the generic name of Bohaiornis , the type genus of the Bohaiornithidae family , in reference to the morphological similarity between Parabohaiornis and other bohaiornithids .
It is the only species classified under the genus Siphusauctum and the family Siphusauctidae .
Platanus racemosa is a species of Plane tree known by several common names , including California sycamore , Western sycamore , California plane tree , and in Spanish Aliso .
The Mindanao treeshrew ( Urogale everetti ) , also called the Philippine tree shrew , is a species of treeshrew endemic to the Mindanao region in the Philippines .
Henrotius jordai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Henrotius .
Rhizophagoides kojimai is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae , the only species in the genus Rhizophagoides .
Thaumatodon is a genus of minute air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Endodontidae .
Chaetocerotophycidae is a grouping of Coscinodiscophyceae , previously known as `` Centrales '' .
Handkea utriformis , synonymous with Lycoperdon utriforme , Lycoperdon caelatum or Calvatia utriformis , is a species of the Lycoperdaceae family of puffballs .
Otomyini is an Old World tribe of muroid rodents in the subfamily Murinae .
Anthias are members of the family Serranidae ( basses , basslets , groupers ) and make up the subfamily Anthiinae .
The genus Myosurus , or mousetail , belongs to the buttercup family ( Ranunculaceae ) .
Pseudophloeus fuscicornis is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae , the only species in the genus Pseudophloeus .
Paraperrinitinae is one of two subfamilies of the Perrinitidae superfamily .
Thomas 's giant deer mouse ( Megadontomys thomasi ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Babycurus is a genus of scorpions belonging to the family Buthidae .
Matschie 's dwarf gecko ( Lygodactylus conradti ) is a species of gecko native to eastern Tanzania , eastern Kenya , and western Cameroon .
The Nyika rock rat ( Aethomys nyikae ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Angola , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Malawi , and Zambia .
The Cocos finch or Cocos Island finch ( Pinaroloxias inornata ) is the only one of Darwin 's finches not native to the Galápagos Islands , and the only member of the genus Pinaroloxias .
Grace 's warbler ( Setophaga graciae ) is a small New World warbler that specializes in pine woods .
Geoffroy 's spider monkey ( Ateles geoffroyi ) , also known as the black - handed spider monkey , is a species of spider monkey , a type of New World monkey , from Central America , parts of Mexico and possibly a small portion of Colombia .
Pugettia is a genus of kelp crabs , in the family Epialtidae .
Notoplatynus darlingtoni is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Notoplatynus .
Napodytes boki is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Napodytes .
Peptococcus is a Gram - positive bacterium genus in the family Peptococcaceae .
Issel 's groove - toothed swamp rat ( Pelomys isseli ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Triatoma is a genus of assassin bug in the subfamily Triatominae ( kissing bugs ) .
Acanalonia is a genus of planthopper in the fulgorid family Acanaloniidae .
Bolitophila is the sole genus in the Bolitophilidae , a family of Diptera , , with around 40 Palaearctic and about 20 Nearctic species , and three species from the Oriental region ( Taiwan ) .
The Japanese angelshark ( Squatina japonica ) is a species of angel shark , family Squatinidae , found in the northwestern Pacific Ocean off China , Japan , and Korea .
Goldman 's pocket mouse ( Chaetodipus goldmani ) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae .
Crassodontidanus is an extinct genus of sharks and the sole member of the family Crassonotidae , in the order Hexanchiformes .
Alnus oblongifolia ( Arizona Alder ) is a large alder , birch - family tree up to 72 feet ( 22 m ) , from the southwestern United States and northern Sonora , Mexico .
The Rockstone poison dart frog ( Dendrobates nubeculosus ) is a poorly known species of dendrobatid frog endemic to Guyana .
The Cuanza vlei rat ( Otomys cuanzensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Opisthocomidae is a group of birds , the only named family within the order Opisthocomiformes .
Cerceris tuberculata is a species of wasps in the family Crabronidae .
Neotrypaea is a genus of ghost shrimp in the family Callianassidae , containing the following five species :
See Sphenosuchia for details on sphenosuchian phylogeny According to its description , Litargosuchus belongs to the Sphenosuchidae .
Suillellus luridus ( formerly Boletus luridus ) , commonly known as the lurid bolete , is a fungus of the bolete family , found in deciduous woodlands on chalky soils in Asia , Europe , and eastern North America .
The Panamanian flycatcher ( Myiarchus panamensis ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Placida is a genus of very small or minute sea slugs , marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Limapontiidae .
Gecarcinus is the type genus of the land crab family Gecarcinidae .
Dicranopygium is a genus of plants belonging to the family Cyclanthaceae , first described as a genus in 1954 .
The Montagu 's blenny ( Coryphoblennius galerita ) is a species of combtooth blenny found in the intertidal zones of the eastern Atlantic ocean from England to Madeira and the Canary Islands as well the Mediterranean Sea , the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmara .
Koford 's grass mouse ( Akodon kofordi ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Alloiomma is an extinct genus of ants that once belonged to the subfamily Dolichoderinae .
Chrysosporium is a type of hyaline hyphomycetes fungi in the family Onygenaceae .
The Savile 's bustard ( Lophotis savilei ) is a species of bird in the Otididae family .
Arigomphus is a genus of dragonflies of the Gomphidae family .
Tipula is a very large insect genus in the fly family Tipulidae .
The Ajamaru Lakes rainbowfish ( Melanotaenia ajamaruensis ) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family .
Zitna was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered to be a synonym of Corgatha .
Protoconchoididae is an extinct family of Paleozoic molluscs of uncertain taxonomic position , i.e. they were either ( Gastropoda or Monoplacophora ) .
Elgonotyphlus zoiai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Elgonotyphlus .
Simoides is a genus of 7 species of Afrotropical hoverfly from the family Syrphidae , in the order Diptera .
Kerstersia is a genus of Gram - negative , catalase - positive , oxidase - negative bacteria from the family of Alcaligenaceae .
The Chaochiao frog ( Rana chaochiaoensis ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family , found in China , possibly Myanmar , and possibly Vietnam .
Jovibarba ( `` beard of Jupiter '' ) is a small genus of three species of succulent flowering plants in the family Crassulaceae , endemic to mountainous regions in the southeastern quadrant of Europe .
Euscorpiops is a genus of scorpion in the family Euscorpiidae .
Ronania is a large genus of moths of the Noctuidae family .
Botha 's lark ( Spizocorys fringillaris ) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family .
The Greenland cod ( Gadus ogac ) , commonly known also as ogac , is a species of ray - finned fish in the cod family , Gadidae .
The Round Island boa ( Casarea dussumieri ) , also known as the Round Island keel - scaled boa and the Round Island ground boa , is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Bolyeriidae family , in the monotypic genus Casarea .
The Arctic warbler ( Phylloscopus borealis ) is a widespread leaf warbler in birch or mixed birch forest near water throughout its breeding range in Fennoscandia and northern Asia .
Mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences confidently place the Apodanthaceae in the Cucurbitales , where they also fit well in terms of their flower morphology .
The Flores long - nosed rat , also known as Paula 's long - nosed rat , ( Paulamys naso ) is a species of rodent endemic to Flores Island , Indonesia .
Edward 's swamp rat ( Malacomys edwardsi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
In the Cronquist system of classification , of 1981 , it was placed in subclass Rosidae and had this circumscription : order Haloragales family Haloragaceae ( this includes water milfoil ) family Gunneraceae
Harris , Keith M. ( 2015 ) , `` Morphological and Molecular Revision of the Genus Ozirhincus ( Diptera : Cecidomyiidae)--
Cranaothus deforgesi is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Cranaothus .
Tinfields rock rat ( Aethomys stannarius ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Cameroon and Nigeria .
( 2014 ) note that because of the wide array of relatively `` advanced '' and `` primitive '' features in the skeleton of Dreadnoughtus schrani and the current instability of titanosaurian interrelationships , future analyses may find widely differing positions for it within Titanosauria .
The Wineland blue ( Lepidochrysops bacchus ) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
The Carruthers 's cisticola ( Cisticola carruthersi ) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family .
Megadyptes ( `` large diver '' ) is a genus of penguin which consists of two species , Megadyptes antipodes ( yellow - eyed penguin ) and the extinct Megadyptes waitaha ( Waitaha penguin ) .
Collaea is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Raphitominae was a subfamily of small to quite large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae .
Chaltenia patagonica is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Chaltenia .
The Wallace 's fairywren ( Sipodotus wallacii ) is a species of bird in the Maluridae family .
Ranella is a genus of large warm - water and tropical sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ranellidae , the tritons .
Ideratini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae , containing the single genus Ideratus and the following species :
Cryptocarya is a genus of evergreen trees belonging to the laurel family , Lauraceae .
Amycolatopsis is a genus of high GC - content bacteria within the family Pseudonocardiaceae .
Anglagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida , which existed in what is now Shineton , England .
The Moluccan drongo - cuckoo ( Surniculus musschenbroeki ) is a species of cuckoo .
Corintascaris ferreirae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Corintascaris .
Ectocion ( sometimes Ectocyon ) is an extinct genus of placental mammals of the family Phenacodontidae .
The Auckland teal or Auckland Islands teal ( Anas aucklandica ) is a species of dabbling duck of the genus Anas that is endemic to Auckland Islands south of New Zealand .
Phocides is a primarily Neotropical genus of butterflies in the skipper family , Hesperiidae ( Eudaminae ) .
Class Mammalia Subclass Theriiformes Infraclass Holotheria Genus †Chronoperates ?
Synbranchus lampreia Favorito , Zanata & Assumpção , 2005 Synbranchus madeirae D. E. Rosen & Rumney , 1972 Synbranchus marmoratus Bloch , 1795 ( Marbled swamp eel )
The Odonatoptera are a superorder ( sometimes treated as an order ) of ancient winged insects , placed in the Palaeoptera which probably form a paraphyletic group however .
Voalavo is a genus of rodent in the subfamily Nesomyinae , found only in Madagascar .
Dodecadenia is a botanical genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Lauraceae .
Hemidactylus garnotii , commonly known as the Indo - Pacific gecko , Garnot 's house gecko or the fox gecko , is a species of gecko found in India , the Philippines , Southeast Asia , Australia , and throughout Polynesia .
Basistriga was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered a synonym of Albocosta , a subgenus of Dichagyris .
Scelidotherium is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Mylodontidae , endemic to South America during the middle Pleistocene epoch .
The Richardiidae are a family of Diptera in the superfamily Tephritoidea .
Dendrophyllia is a genus of stony cup corals in the family Dendrophylliidae .
The Burgan skink , Oligosoma burganae , is a nationally endangered species of skink native to New Zealand .
Acronictinae is a large subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae .
The Visayan bulbul ( Hypsipetes guimarasensis ) is a songbird species in the bulbul family ( Pycnonotidae ) .
Lyrocephaliscus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae of Svalbard during the Triassic period .
The Darwin 's nothura ( Nothura darwinii ) is a type of tinamou commonly found in high - altitude grassland in the southern Andes in South America .
( 2014 ) reinterpreted Largocephalosaurus as a basal member of the family Saurosphargidae and a close relative of Saurosphargis and Sinosaurosphargis .
The Adephaga ( from Greek ἀδηφάγος , adephagos , `` gluttonous '' ) , with more than 40,000 recorded species in 10 families , are a suborder of highly specialized beetles and the second - largest suborder of the order Coleoptera .
Plesiocystiscus is a genus of minute predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Cystiscidae .
This interpretation would stand against its original classification in the medusoid Cnidaria ; it would also consign a once - popular hypothesis placing Hiemalora in the chondrophores , on the basis of its tentacle structure , to the dustbin .
The family affiliation of the genus has changed fairly recently , as it had been previously placed in the family Apioceridae , or `` flower - loving flies '' - but , despite the transfer , the name `` flower - loving flies '' is nonetheless still used to refer to various species of Rhaphiomidas .
Carnobacterium is a genus of Gram - positive bacteria within the family Leuconostocaceae .
Cervilissa versicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cervilissa .
The Nevrorthidae - often incorrectly spelled `` Neurorthidae '' - are a small family of winged insects of the order Neuroptera .
The Persian horse conch , Pleuroploca persica , is a species of very large predatory sea snail with an operculum .
The Bermuda killifish ( Fundulus bermudae ) is a small fish which is endemic to the islands of Bermuda in the western Atlantic Ocean .
Myzopoda , which has two described species , is the only genus in the bat family Myzopodidae .
The Deepwater big - eyed worm eel ( Scolecenchelys castlei ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
The Javan green magpie ( Cissa thalassina ) is a passerine bird in the crow family , Corvidae .
The Cosmocercidae are a nematode family in the superfamily Cosmoceroidea .
Depastridae is a small family of cnidarians in the order Stauromedusae or stalked jellyfish .
The Ipnopidae ( deepsea tripod fishes ) are a family of fishes in the order Aulopiformes .
The Bocage 's bushshrike ( Telophorus bocagei ) , also known as the grey - green bushshrike , is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family .
The Sumatran leafbird ( Chloropsis media ) is a species of bird in the Chloropseidae family .
The Malayan softshell turtle ( Dogania subplana ) is a species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family .
Sinadroma sherriffsi is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
The Sanghir squirrel ( Prosciurillus rosenbergii ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Dubautia is a genus of flowering plant in the sunflower family , Asteraceae .
Beccari 's sheath - tailed bat ( Emballonura beccarii ) is a species of sac - winged bat in the family Emballonuridae .
Pseudoangonyx excellens is a moth of the Sphingidae family .
Minganoceras is a genus in the oncocerid family , Valcouroceratidae , named by Foeste , 1938 , from the Middle Ordovician of Quebec , found on Mingan Island .
The Willcocks 's honeyguide ( Indicator willcocksi ) is a species of bird in the Indicatoridae family .
The Chilean seaside cinclodes ( Cinclodes nigrofumosus ) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family .
The Javan whistling thrush ( Myophonus glaucinus ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
The Asian garden dormouse ( Eliomys melanurus ) is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae .
Stenelmis is the largest and most widespread genus of beetles in the family Elmidae .
Triaspis is a genus in the Malpighiaceae , a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales .
Bontia daphnoides , commonly known as wild olive or white alling , is the only species of the flowering plant genus Bontia in the family Scrophulariaceae .
Ruditapes is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs , in the family Veneridae .
Recently however , some authorities treat Araucariaceae as a separate order , Araucariales .
Citrobacter is a genus of Gram - negative coliform bacteria in the Enterobacteriaceae family .
Claudea is a marine red alga genus in the family Delesseriaceae .
Dendroplectron cryptacanthus , the Auckland Island weta , is a cave weta in the family Rhaphidophoridae , the only member of the genus Dendroplectron .
The North African white - toothed shrew ( Crocidura pachyura or Crocidura ichnusae ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Ursavini was assigned to Ursinae by Hunt ( 1998 ) and Jin et al .
The Inotted lizardfish ( Synodus evermanni ) is a type of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Eastern Pacific .
Karapadites is an extinct ammonoid genus belonging to the desmoceratacean family Kossmaticeratidae and considered by some to be a subgenus of Kossmaticeras .
A cladistic analysis published in 2003 found Alioramus could be further classified into the family Tyrannosauridae and the subfamily Tyrannosaurinae , alongside Tyrannosaurus , Tarbosaurus and Daspletosaurus .
Rudd 's mouse or the white - bellied brush - furred rat , Uranomys ruddi , is the only member of the genus Uranomys .
The Hippocampinae are a subfamily of small marine fishes in the family Syngnathidae .
Stenomordellaria neglecta is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , the only species in the genus Stenomordellaria .
Pteraclis is a genus of fish in the family Bramidae , the pomfrets .
The Atlantic menhaden ( Brevoortia tyrannus ) is a North American species of fish in the herring family , Clupeidae .
Adolfo 's catfish ( Corydoras adolfoi ) is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub - family of the Callichthyidae family .
Archaeornithura was placed in the Hongshanornithidae .
Paraumbogrella pumilio is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Alphaherpesvirinae is a subfamily of Herpesviridae , primarily distinguished by reproducing more quickly than other subfamilies of Herpesviridae .
Karwinskia is a genus of flowering plants in the buckthorn family , Rhamnaceae .
The Seychelles kestrel ( Falco araea ) is a small bird of prey belonging to the genus Falco in the falcon family , Falconidae .
Muricopsis is a genus of small predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae , the rock snails .
Bothus is a genus of flatfish in the family Bothidae ( lefteye flounders ) from the Pacific , Indian and Atlantic Oceans .
The Iberian worm lizard or European worm lizard ( Blanus cinereus ) is a species of reptile in the family Blanidae ( worm lizards ) of the suborder Amphisbaenidae .
Pseudanthias is a genus of colourful reef fishes of the subfamily Anthiinae ( Anthias ) .
The Chaco tortoise ( Chelonoidis chilensis ) , also known as the Argentine tortoise or southern wood tortoise , is a tortoise from the family Testudinidae .
Phoenicaulis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the mustard family , Brassicaceae .
Micrococcineae is a suborder of bacteria of the order Actinomycetales .
Casey 's June beetle , Dinacoma caseyi , is a beetle in the scarab family ( Scarabaeidae ) .
The Disteniidae are a small family of beetles in the superfamily Chrysomeloidea , traditionally treated as a group within the Cerambycidae ( most resembling certain Lepturinae such as the genus Stenocorus , but having long fine antennae and sometimes metallic colours ) .
The Slender lizardfish ( Saurida elongata ) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Northwest Pacific .
Leea contains approximately 70 species and is placed in the Vitaceae family .
Alphanecrovirus is a genus of viruses , in the family Tombusviridae .
The Patagonian canastero ( Pseudasthenes patagonica ) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family .
The Spartan crow ( Euploea lacon ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
Pseudomenarus flavomaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Pseudomenarus .
The Chacoan pygmy opossum ( Chacodelphys formosa ) is a recently described genus and species of didelphimorph marsupial .
Jodrellia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , first described as a genus in 1978 .
The Australian bandfish ( Cepola australis ) is a species of bandfish in the family Cepolidae .
Stempfferia cercenoides , the Common Epitola , is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
Plocamium is a genus of red algae in the family Plocamiaceae .
The Dungeness crab , Metacarcinus magister ( formerly Cancer magister ) , is a species of crab that inhabits eelgrass beds and water bottoms on the west coast of North America .
Omeisaurus is now counted as a member of the Omeisauridae , Mamenchisauridae , or Euhelopodidae .
Waldsteinia , the barren strawberries , is a genus of the rose family ( Rosaceae ) .
Ecsenius midas , known commonly as the Midas blenny , Lyretail blenny or Golden blenny , is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae .
The Ceram rat ( Nesoromys ceramicus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Amaral 's Brazilian gecko ( Hemidactylus brasiliana ) is a nocturnal gecko from the arid Jalapão Region , Minas Gerais / Bahia ( Brazil ) .
Prociphilus is an aphid genus of the subfamily Eriosomatinae .
The Savannah pebblesnail , scientific name Somatogyrus tenax , is a species of freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Lina Kačiušytė ( born January 1 , 1963 in Vilnius , Lithuanian SSR ) is a Lithuanian swimmer who competed for the Soviet Union , winner of a gold medal in 200 m breaststroke with the Olympic record time of 2:29:54 at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Chen Zuo ( born 1982 - 01 - 19 in Beijing ) is a Chinese swimmer , who competed for Team China at the 2004 Summer Olympics , the 2008 Summer Olympics and was an unused substitute in the men 's relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
János Adorján ( October 30 , 1938 in Budapest -- December 15 , 1995 in Budapest ) is a former Hungarian handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Eduard Meijer ( 25 February 1878 , Amsterdam -- 20 March 1929 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch freestyle swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics and 1908 Summer Olympics .
Md Mizanur Rahman ( Bengali : মোঃ মিজানুর রহমান ) ( born 15 September 1978 ) is a Bangladeshi kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games .
Roberto Heras Hernández ( born 1 February 1974 ) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer who won the Vuelta a España ( Tour of Spain ) a record - tying three times .
Frans G. Hu Kon ( born 1917 , date of death unknown ) was an Indonesian football defender who played for the Dutch East Indies in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
Wael Al - Aydy ( Arabic : وائل العايدي‎ ) ( born December 8 , 1971 ) is an Egyptian indoor volleyball player , who played with the Egypt national team at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
An Yulong ( born 23 July 1978 ) is a Chinese short track speed skater , who won medals in the 500 m and 5000 m relay at the 1998 Winter Olympics .
Joseph Mauclair ( Clichy , 9 March 1906 -- Créteil , 5 February 1990 ) was a French professional road bicycle racer from 1927 to 1938 , who won the 17th stage in the 1928 Tour de France .
Heidi Voelker ( born 17 June 1968 in Pittsfield , Massachusetts ) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics , 1992 Winter Olympics , and 1994 Winter Olympics .
Ketil Hodne ( born 12 April 1947 ) was a Norwegian amateur boxer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Fabio Casartelli ( 16 August 1970 -- 18 July 1995 ) was an Italian cyclist and an Olympic gold medalist who died in a crash on the descent of the Col de Portet d'Aspet , France , during the 15th stage of the 1995 Tour de France .
Franjo Arapović ( born June 2 , 1965 ) is a former Croatian basketball center - 7 ft 0.5 in ( 2.15 m ) tall - who won the silver medal with the Croatia national basketball team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Sergey Ulegin ( born October 8 , 1977 in Engels ) is a Russian canoer who has been competing since 2001 He won a silver in the men 's C-2 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Jacques Bohée ( 16 August 1929 -- 17 March 1977 ) was a French football midfielder who was a member of the French squad at the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Soe Min Thu represented Myanmar at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where he competed for the men 's 5,000 metres .
Elshod Rasulov ( born March 7 , 1986 in Kokand , Uzbek SSR ) is an amateur boxer from Uzbekistan , who won gold at the 2006 Asian Games and at the 2010 Asian Games and silver at 2009 World Amateur Boxing Championships .
Adolfo Mancuso is an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 1500 m freestyle .
Eric Verdonk ( born 28 May 1959 in Taihape , New Zealand of Dutch descent ) is a former New Zealand rower who won an Olympic bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul in the single sculls .
Aurelio González Puente ( born July 26 , 1940 in Valle de Villaverde ) is a Spanish former road bicycle racer who won the Mountains classification in the 1968 Tour de France and the Mountains classification in the 1967 Giro d'Italia .
François Vergucht was a Belgian rower who won a Silver medal in eights at the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Thomas Schertwitis ( born 2 September 1972 in Alma - Ata , Kazakh SSR ) is a German water polo player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Neville Frances Bult ( 27 June 1913 -- 30 June 2008 ) , later known by her married name Frances Vorrath , was an Australian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Anders Bergman ( born August 6 , 1963 ) is an ice hockey goaltender who was a member of the Swedish national team at the 1987 Canada Cup and 1988 Winter Olympics , but did not play in either event .
Bjarne Jeppesen ( born August 19 , 1954 ) is a former Danish handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Robert Zurbriggen ( 16 March 1917 -- 21 April 1952 ) was a Swiss cross - country skier and biathlete who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Edvard Möller ( Edvard Carl Möller February 13 , 1888 -- June 23 , 1920 ) was a Swedish athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Oscar Frederick Hedlund ( born in Woburn , Massachusetts August 26 , 1887 and died in Cambridge , Massachusetts December 8 , 1971 ) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Marius Mora ( born 23 June 1921 ) is a former French cross - country skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Carlo Gerosa ( born 30 November 1964 ) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics .
Jean - Jacques Boussemart ( born 22 April 1963 ) is a French former sprinter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Eugen Corrodi ( 2 July 1922 -- 7 September 1975 ) is a Swiss football goalkeeper who played for Switzerland in the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
Tony Ramoin ( born December 23 , 1988 in Cannes ) is a French snowboarder and Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal in snowboard cross at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
José Vicente ( born 3 February 1922 ) is a Puerto Rican former pole vaulter who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Zsigmond Nagy ( 27 July 1937 in Csengőd -- 1 March 2010 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian shot putter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Jason Begg - Smith ( born 21 November 1980 in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada ) is an Australian - Canadian freestyle skier , who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Alex Righetti ( born August 14 , 1977 ) is a basketball player , who won the silver medal with the Italian men 's national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Selina Follas ( born 21 July 1976 in Adelaide ) was a softball player from Australia , who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Renan Dal Zotto known as Renan ( born July 19 , 1960 ) is a Brazilian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics , in the 1984 Summer Olympics , and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Rodolfo Mijares ( born 17 July 1938 in Delicias , Chihuahua ) is a Mexican former track and field athlete who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
`` Same Old Scene '' is a 1980 song recorded by English rock band Roxy Music and written by lead singer Bryan Ferry .
Dreamtime Return ( 1988 ) is a double album , based on Australian Aboriginal culture and the concept of the Dreamtime , by the American ambient musician Steve Roach .
Den Za Nas ( in Macedonian : Ден за нас ) is the title of the fourth Macedonian language album by the Macedonian superstar Toše Proeski released in 2004 .
`` Sure Know Something '' is a song by American hard rock band Kiss , released on their 1979 album Dynasty .
`` Mr. Blue '' is a popular song written by DeWayne Blackwell that was a hit for The Fleetwoods , reaching # 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in November 1959 and giving the group its second chart - topping hit of the year .
Shoot from the Hip is the second album released by British pop -- dance singer Sophie Ellis - Bextor .
`` Hustler Musik '' is the second single from Lil Wayne 's 2005 album Tha Carter II . Although popular it failed to live up on the Billboard chart to other singles put out by Lil Wayne .
It 's Alright ( I See Rainbows ) is the sixth solo album by Yoko Ono , and her second release after the death of husband John Lennon .
A Shipwreck in the Sand is the fourth studio album by Canadian post - hardcore band , Silverstein , released March 31 , 2009 through Victory .
`` Welcome to Tomorrow ( Are You Ready ? ) '' is a song recorded by German Eurodance group Snap ! , featuring Summer .
`` Head on Collision '' is the second single from New Found Glory 's third studio album , Sticks and Stones ( 2002 ) .
`` Words of Love '' is a song written by Buddy Holly and recorded by him on April 8 , 1957 .
Tutte storie is an album by Italian singer Eros Ramazzotti .
`` Put On Your White Sombrero '' is a song by the Swedish pop group ABBA , recorded during sessions for the band 's 1980 album Super Trouper .
`` Did Ye Get Healed ? '' is a song written by Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison and recorded on his 1987 album , Poetic Champions Compose .
Igra bojama ( trans . Play with Colours ) is the second studio album by the Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Oktobar 1864 , released in 1988 .
Dedicated to the Ones We Love is the fifth studio album by the Australian folk rock group The Blackeyed Susans and was released on 23 April 2001 .
Cheonsa Misonyeo ( Korean 천사 미소녀 ; also marketed in Chinese Pinyin : Tiānshǐ Měishàonǚ , Japanese : Tenshi Bishōjo , English : Angel Prettygirl ) is a Korean language pop album by Taiwanese singer / actress / model Vivian Hsu , released October 10 , 1996 on the SAMPONY label .
Kiss My Axe is an album by Italian - American jazz fusion guitarist Al Di Meola , released in 1991 .
Rusty Lance is a single released by Japanese pop and folk musician Akeboshi .
`` Such a Wicked Love '' is a song by American singer La Toya Jackson from her fifth album La Toya .
Metal Black is the eleventh studio album by heavy metal band Venom .
Ample Destruction is the first studio album released by American power metal band Jag Panzer , released in 1984 .
Red Skin Eclipse is the second full - length album by British industrial - alternative band Terminal Power Company .
Byrd Song ( subtitled Charlie Byrd with Voices ) is an album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded in 1964 and released on the Riverside label .
Live at Yankee Stadium is an October 18 , 1969 live album by The Isley Brothers , released on their own T - Neck imprint .
Nemesis Divina ( Latin for `` divine nemesis '' ) is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon .
For the Roses is the fifth studio album by Canadian singer - songwriter Joni Mitchell , released in November 1972 , between her two biggest commercial and critical successes --
They All Fall Down is the third full - length album by Burlington , Ontario 's The Creepshow released by Stomp Records .
C'mon Let 's Pretend is an album by Swedish rock group Sahara Hotnights , released in 1999 .
`` Ca n't Change Me '' is the only single released from Chris Cornell 's solo album , Euphoria Morning .
Jazziza is the fifth album by the Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh , released in 1997 .
In Modern Times is an album by the American jazz group Spyro Gyra , released in 2001 for the Heads Up label .
The Battle of Old Crow is the second album by the American stoner / doom metal band Serpent Throne .
2 Hot ! is an album by American vocalist duo Peaches & Herb .
`` Bye , Bye , Baby ( Baby Goodbye ) '' is a popular song written by Bob Crewe and Bob Gaudio , a member of The Four Seasons whose version of the song made it to No . 12 on the US Billboard Hot 100 in 1965 .
Kinkynasti is the second studio album by American hop group Five Deez .
Star Box is a compilation album by X Japan , released on January 30 , 1999 .
`` We in Here '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX , released in June 2006 as the lead single from his sixth studio album , Year of the Dog ...
The Funky Side of Life is a jazz album released by Madlib 's Jazz project under the alias of Sound Directions .
Maniac Dance is a single first released by Stratovarius in 2005 through Sanctuary Records .
`` Give & Take '' is a song by Belgian drum and bass producer Netsky .
`` All You Have to Do '' is a single by American female pop group Boy Krazy , written and produced by Mike Stock and Pete Waterman .
Still Blowin ' is the fifteenth studio album by American rapper Too Short .
Oolooloo is the second album by the ska / soul band The Pietasters .
She 's a Vision is a single by English Shoegazing band Chapterhouse released in 1993 .
`` Ma Nouvelle - France '' ( meaning `` My New France '' ) is a theme song from the French - Canadian film Nouvelle - France , performed by Celine Dion .
Late December released on April 24 , 2007 , is Maria McKee 's sixth solo album .
`` Love Me Like the World Is Ending '' is a song performed by Ben Lee and is the first single from his album Ripe .
Requiem for What 's His Name is the second album by Marc Ribot & The Rootless Comopolitans .
`` The City Is Mine '' is the third single from rapper Jay - Z 's second album In My Lifetime , Vol . 1 .
FreuD euch is the ninth ( seventh solo ) studio album by Nina Hagen .
An Other Cup is the twelfth studio album by Yusuf ( formerly known as Cat Stevens ) , released on 10 November 2006 in Germany , 13 November in the UK and the US and worldwide on 14 November .
Hello Big Man is singer - songwriter Carly Simon 's eleventh studio album ( twelfth overall ) , released in 1983 .
`` Stuck with Each Other '' is the second solo single released by Barbadian singer Shontelle .
`` I Found Heaven '' is a song by English boy band Take That from their debut studio album , Take That & Party .
We Are Monster is an album by German Microhouse artist Rajko Müller under his alias of Isolée .
Pohjosen poika is the second studio album by Finnish rapper Mikael Gabriel .
`` Pon de Floor '' is a song by Major Lazer , a collaborative musical project composed of the American DJ Diplo and the British DJ Switch .
Heavenly Spheres ( L'Harmonie des Sphères ) is an a cappella choral album by the Studio de musique ancienne de Montréal under the direction of Christopher Jackson .
Heroz4Hire is the third studio album by hip hop artist Jeru the Damaja .
Heaven 's Open is the 14th record album performed by Mike Oldfield , released in 1991 .
`` White Winter Hymnal '' is the first single from Fleet Foxes 's debut 2008 self - titled album .
`` Love It When You Call '' was the fourth single from The Feeling taken from their debut album Twelve Stops and Home .
Esoteric Escape is the debut studio album by Scottish rock and Electronic music band Keser .
`` The Big Three Killed My Baby '' was released in March 1999 as a 7 `` single and is the third track on re - releases of The White Stripes , the eponymous debut of the Detroit - based American garage rock band The White Stripes .
Bitter Clarity , Uncommon Grace is the fourth album by American hardcore band Verse .
Death Erotica is the fourth full - length studio album from English thrash metal band , Cerebral Fix .
Everything Wrong Is Imaginary is a 2006 album by Lilys , released on the Manifesto label .
`` Molly ( 16 Candles Down the Drain ) '' is a song by American rock band Sponge , released in 1995 as the second single from their debut album Rotting Piñata .
`` Are You That Somebody ? '' is a Grammy nominated single performed by American singer Aaliyah , recorded for the Dr. Dolittle soundtrack .
Il doit faire beau là - bas ( `` The Weather Must Be Good There '' ) was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967 , performed in French by Noëlle Cordier .
`` Dragon 's Legend '' was a song recorded by Italian synthpop group Koto .
`` Then What ? '' is a song written by Jon Vezner and Randy Sharp , and recorded by American country music artist Clay Walker that reached the Top 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks ( now Hot Country Songs ) chart .
Keepin ' the Summer Alive is the 24th studio album by American rock band The Beach Boys , released on March 24 , 1980 on Brother , Caribou and CBS Records .
`` Do n't Mean Nothing '' is the debut single by singer / songwriter / producer Richard Marx from his Triple Platinum 1987 eponymous album .
Forging the Eclipse is the fifth studio album by German melodic death metal band Neaera .
Racially Yours is an album recorded by the band The Frogs .
Praznik za uši ( Holiday for the Ears ) is the second solo album by Timbe , released in 2009 .
' Til the Medicine Takes is the sixth studio album released by the Athens , GA based band Widespread Panic .
Cooler Conditions is the fourth studio album by Canadian reggae musician Snow .
The Unauthorized Biography of Reinhold Messner is the third studio album by Ben Folds Five , released April 27 , 1999 .
From the Very Depths is the fourteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Venom .
`` Future Love Paradise '' is a 1991 song recorded by the soul singer and songwriter Seal .
Vessel States is a 2006 album by Baltimore , Maryland natives , Wilderness .
Cries of the Past is the second album by Underoath , released on July 4 , 2000 , through Takehold Records .
Faces & Names is Dave Pirner 's first solo studio album .
`` If She Knew '' is a song by British R&B singer Lemar , released as the first single from his fourth album , The Reason .
`` Opposite of Adults '' is a 2010 single from American band Chiddy Bang .
`` Year of tha Boomerang '' is a song by the American political rap metal musical group Rage Against the Machine .
Visit to Ukraine - is the first studio album of Sofia Rotaru , released by the APON label in 1975 in Canada and USA with 10 tracks .
Like Flies on Sherbert is the first solo album to be released by the American pop - rock musician Alex Chilton .
`` No Light , No Light '' is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their second studio album , Ceremonials ( 2011 ) .
`` Where the Hood At ? '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX , released as the lead single from his fifth studio album Grand Champ ( 2003 ) .
Town Hall 1972 is a live album by American jazz saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 1972 at The Town Hall in New York City and originally released on the Japanese Trio label and rereleased on the hatART label as Town Hall ( Trio & Quintet ) 1972 in 1992 .
Sundown to Midnight is the second full length album from California ska band The Dingees
`` Jigsaw Falling into Place '' is a song by the English rock band Radiohead and is the penultimate track on their 2007 album In Rainbows .
`` Last Night a D.J. Saved My Life '' is a song written by Michael Cleveland for American group Indeep .
`` Live for Loving You '' is a single by Cuban American singer and songwriter Gloria Estefan .
`` Hooks in You '' is the first single from British rock band Marillion ' ​s fifth album Seasons End , released in 1989 .
Songs of Minutes is a 2001 album by jazz band Erik Vermeulen trio .
Freak Songs is the solo instrumental album released in 2011 by Brazilian guitarist Paulo Schroeber .
`` Comin ' Home Baby '' was recorded by Canadian crooner Michael Bublé , and released as the fifth and final single from his third studio album , Call Me Irresponsible .
`` I Say Good - bye '' is a song written by Akinori Nakagawa and the theme song of the Japanese TV drama Saigo no Kazoku .
Masterpeace is the sixth album of heavy metal band Metal Church .
Shades of my Mind ( Chinese : 黑的意念 ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Stanley Huang 's ( Chinese : 黃立行 ) 4th Mandarin studio album .
`` Antitheseis '' ( Greek : Αντιθέσεις ; English : Oppositions ) is a song by Greek - Swedish recording artist Elena Paparizou , written by Energee and Ilias Filippou .
Beats & Bruises was released in 2011 , and is a Miss Li studio album .
`` Shadows of Your Love '' is a 1986 song performed by J.M. Silk featuring Steve `` Silk '' Hurley .
Murder Metal is an album by Macabre released in 2003 .
Make It Big is the second studio album from British pop duo Wham ! , released in 1984 .
`` Bon Ton Roula '' ( alternatively `` Bon Ton Roulet '' ) is a zydeco - influenced blues song first recorded by Clarence Garlow in 1949 .
Carter McKay is a fictional character that appeared in the later seasons of the popular American television series Dallas , played by George Kennedy from 1988 to 1991 .
Alroy Road Tracks is an extended play credited to `` The Duke Of Harringay '' , an alias for Squarepusher .
Time - Line the eleventh studio album by the British progressive rock band Renaissance , released in 1983 .
The Gigolo is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1966 .
Son of a Plumber is an album released by Swedish pop - rock singer and composer Per Gessle .
`` I 've Got Love on My Mind '' is a 1977 R&B / Soul song originally recorded by American singer Natalie Cole .
`` The Cup of Life '' ( Spanish : La Copa de la Vida ) is a song recorded by Ricky Martin .
`` So Excited '' is a song recorded by American singer - songwriter Janet Jackson featuring guest vocals from rapper Khia .
À la poursuite du bonheur ( meaning In pursuit of happiness ) is the fifth studio album by French singer M. Pokora , released on March 19 , 2012 .
`` I Wanna Be Bad '' is a dance - pop song by Willa Ford and the first single from her album Willa Was Here .
Un Día Lejano is the first double album by the Costa Rican music band Malpaís .
`` 6 Minutes of Pleasure '' is the fifth and final single from LL Cool J 's fourth album , Mama Said Knock You Out .
Under Cover 2 is the 5th solo album of Joe Lynn Turner released in 1999 .
Murder Rap is a song by American gangsta rap group Above the Law , released as a single on February 8 , 1990 .
Africa / Brass is the eighth studio album by jazz musician John Coltrane , released in 1961 on Impulse !
H.N.I.C. 3 is the third studio album by American hip hop recording artist Prodigy of gangsta rap duo Mobb Deep .
`` Fire Woman '' is a rock song by the band The Cult , written by singer Ian Astbury and guitarist Billy Duffy .
All Hail the Dead is the second full length album from Metalcore band Walls of Jericho .
Mudanza y Acarreo Is the second album by songwriter and musician Juan Luis Guerra
`` Tiny Dancer ( Hold Me Closer ) '' is a song by Ironik , from his debut album No Point in Wasting Tears , released on 11 May 2009 .
Midnight Machine Gun Rhymes and Alibis is the tenth album by rapper , Andre Nickatina , released in conjunction with rapper Equipto .
Late Hour Special is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons compiling sessions recorded in 1961 and 1962 and released on the Prestige label in 1964 .
`` Mr Cool '' was Kevin Ayers ' USA promotional single issued to publicize his album , Yes We Have No Mañanas ( So Get Your Mañanas Today ) .
`` Any Which Way '' is the second single from Scissor Sisters ' third studio album Night Work , and was released on September 20 , 2010 .
`` Pigs on the Wing '' is a two - part song by progressive rock band Pink Floyd from their 1977 concept album Animals , opening and closing the album .
Doomology is a five - CD boxed set released by Swedish Doom metal band Candlemass , on December 20 , 2010 on Nuclear Blast to celebrate their 25th anniversary .
Prezens is an album by guitarist David Torn recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label .
Younique is the second full - length Superior studio album , released in July 1998 .
`` I 'm Gon na Be Warm This Winter '' is a 1962 single by Connie Francis , released in that December to peak at # 18 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and the Cash Box Top 100 .
Evermore Darkly is an EP by the British extreme metal band Cradle of Filth , released in October 2011 .
Us and Us Only is the sixth album by the British alternative rock band The Charlatans , released on 18 October 1999 ( 29 September 1999 in Japan ) .
`` Hey Little Sweetie '' is the ninth single to be released by Little Man Tate .
`` Nålens öga '' is a single by the band Kent , released on June 21 , 2006 .
Addicted to Music is the fourth studio album by German DJ and remixer ATB .
`` 777 - 9311 '' is the second track and lead single from The Time 's second album , What Time Is It ? .
`` One Minute '' is a song recorded by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson taken from her third studio album , My December ( 2007 ) .
Méjico Máxico is the debut album of Mexican Institute of Sound , a one - man band led by Camilo Lara .
Suffield Gothic is an album by the American jazz pianist Ran Blake featuring saxophonist Houston Person .
`` All Alone Am I '' is a song from 1962 popularized by the American singer Brenda Lee .
Songs from the Hermetic Theatre is an album of contemporary classical music by American composer and saxophonist / multi - instrumentalist John Zorn .
Dottie and Don is the name of a country music album by Country singers Don Gibson and Dottie West , released in 1969 .
Dollars and Sex is the third album by rock band The Escape Club , released in 1991 .
`` Tal Vez , Quizá '' ( English : Probably , Maybe ) is a song released from Paulina Rubio 's fifth album , Paulina .
Nightmare on Providence Street is the second and last studio album of the Canadian metalcore band Blind Witness .
For We Are Many ( sometimes written as ... For We Are Many ) is the fifth studio album by the heavy metal band All That Remains .
`` I 'm Telling You Now '' is a song by Freddie Garrity and Mitch Murray , originally performed by Freddie and the Dreamers that hit number one on the American Billboard Hot 100 in 1965 .
`` Release ( The Tension ) '' is a song recorded and released by singer Patti LaBelle as a single on the Epic label in 1980 .
God Help the Girl is a musical project by Stuart Murdoch , leader of the Scottish indie group Belle and Sebastian , featuring a group of female vocalists , including Catherine Ireton , with Belle and Sebastian as the accompanying band .
`` Do n't Cry Little Angel '' is a single by Canadian country music group Prairie Oyster .
Did n't It Feel Kinder is Amy Ray 's fourth solo album .
`` This Ai n't a Scene , It 's an Arms Race '' is a song by American rock band Fall Out Boy and the lead single from their commercially successful third studio album Infinity on High ( 2007 ) .
The Impossible Leap in One Hundred Simple Steps is an album by the post - rock band From Monument to Masses .
`` Two Months Off '' is the first single by Underworld from the album A Hundred Days Off , originally released in 2002 .
Hydro Phonic is the sixth release by the trip hop / rap rock band Phunk Junkeez , released on September 18 , 2007 on Dmaft Records .
2008 US CD single ( Rounder RPAK102-R1 ) `` Please Read the Letter '' ( Radio Edit ) ( Jones , Lee , Page , Plant ) -- 3:47 `` Please Read the Letter '' ( Jones , Lee , Page , Plant ) -- 5:55
Horse Rotorvator is the second full - length studio album released by the British industrial group Coil .
`` Sea of Heartbreak '' is a song written by Paul Hampton and Hal David and recorded by Don Gibson in 1961 .
The Ownerz is the sixth and final studio album by the hip - hop duo Gang Starr , recorded two years before the duo broke up and seven years before Guru 's death .
Therapy at 3 is the first collaborative studio album by Los Angeles based rapper Eligh and Bay Area based producer Amp Live .
Death Walks Behind You is the second studio album by British rock band Atomic Rooster .
`` Everything I 've Known '' is a song written and recorded by American rock band Korn for their sixth studio album , Take a Look in the Mirror .
Live in Central Park , NYC is a live album by the band King Crimson , released through the King Crimson Collectors ' Club in April 2000 .
`` Mr. Loverman '' is the signature song of Jamaican ragga artist Shabba Ranks .
`` It Could n't Have Been Any Better '' is a country music song written by Ray Griff , and made famous by Johnny Duncan .
I Hate Myself ( for Loving You ) is the ninth album by Thijs van Leer , released under the name Van Leer .
The Secret Value of Daydreaming is the second studio album by singer -- songwriter Julian Lennon .
The Final Album is the last album of Modern Talking .
`` Throw It in the Bag '' is the first single from Fabolous ' album Loso 's Way .
Sophisticated Funk is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1976 and released on the Chess label .
Sound - G is the third studio album released by the South Korean girl group Brown Eyed Girls .
Be the Void is the seventh album by psychedelic rock band Dr. Dog .
No Prayer for the Dying is the eighth studio album by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden .
`` Long , Long , Long '' is a song by the English rock band the Beatles from their 1968 album The Beatles ( also known as `` the White Album '' ) .
`` Silent Lucidity '' is a single by the American progressive metal band Queensrÿche from the 1990 album Empire .
Joy Will Find a Way is the sixth full - length album by Canadian singer / songwriter Bruce Cockburn .
Capture the Magic is the first full length album from North American Heavy metal group Icarus Witch , released in 2005 .
Whammy ! is the third studio album by new wave band The B-52 's .
`` 1000 gute Gründe '' ( 1000 good reasons ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
Something Inside So Strong is a seventeenth studio album by country music singer Kenny Rogers .
No Me Compares Con Nadie ( Do n't compare me to anyone ) is the eighth album by Colombian singer - songwriter Silvestre Dangond and the seventh and the last with the accordionist Juancho De la Espriella , released by Sony Music on August 31 , 2011 .
The Cost of Loving is the third studio album by English new wave group The Style Council .
This Rather Than That is an album by American jazz vibraphonist and pianist Buddy Montgomery recorded in 1969 for the Impulse ! label .
Killing Time Again ( 1998 ) is a two - disk aggrotech album by Funker Vogt .
You 're the Only Dancer is an LP album by Jackie DeShannon , released by Amherst Records as catalog number AMH-1010 in 1977 .
`` Virgin 's High!/Kicks ! '' is Mell 's third single under Geneon Entertainment .
`` Do n't Waste Your Time '' is a song by American pop - rock singer - songwriter Kelly Clarkson .
Humboldt Beginnings is the fourth album by The Pharcyde , an alternative Hip Hop group .
Chet , Floyd & Danny is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins , Floyd Cramer and Danny Davis .
Life in Transition is the second album by The Clint Boon Experience , which is the band formed by Clint Boon in the late nineties .
`` Petit Papa Noël '' ( literally little Christmas Dad ) is a 1946 song recorded by French singer Tino Rossi .
Of Faith , Power and Glory is the seventh studio album by futurepop duo VNV Nation , released in 2009 .
A French Kiss in the Chaos is the second album by Reverend And The Makers , which was released on 27 July 2009 .
`` The Boxer '' is a song by the American music duo Simon & Garfunkel from their fifth studio album , Bridge over Troubled Water ( 1970 ) .
`` Vergiß Es ( Forget It ) '' is a single from Matthias Reim 's 2004 compilation `` Déjà Vu '' , with guest vocals from Bonnie Tyler .
Finding Beauty in Negative Spaces is the fourth studio album by South African Post - grunge / Alternative metal band Seether .
`` Leave ! '' is a song by English recording artist V V Brown from her debut studio album Travelling Like the Light .
It Was Easy is the debut album by Title Tracks , the solo project from the Washington , D.C .- based musician , John Davis .
Dawn Atwood is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C. , portrayed by Daphne Ashbrook .
`` Change ( In the House of Flies ) '' , often referred to as `` Change '' , is a song by the American alternative metal band Deftones , released as the first single from their third album White Pony in June 2000 .
Slow Down World is the thirteenth studio album ( fifteenth overall ) by British singer / songwriter Donovan , released in the US ( Epic PE 33945 ) in May 1976 and the UK ( Epic SEPC 86011 ) on 4 June 1976 .
Noreality is the fifth solo studio album by American rapper N.O.R.E ..
`` Summer Girls '' is a song recorded by the pop group LFO .
How the Mighty Fall is the third studio album from Take That band member , Mark Owen .
Ugly and Proud is the second studio album by New York hardcore punk band Sheer Terror .
Party Crasher is the third English solo album by Swedish pop - rock singer and composer Per Gessle .
`` Friss oder stirb '' ( Feed or die ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
Break a Dawn is the fourth studio album by Oakland Hip hop duo Zion I , released exclusively in Japan on June 13 , 2006 through the duo 's own Live Up Records and Japan 's Handcuts Records .
We Broke the Rules is the second studio album by the Dominican - American Aventura , released on July 2 , 2002 , by Premium Latin music .
Mycke ' mycke ' mer , written by Lasse Holm and Torgny Söderberg , is a pop song in Swedish , which was performed by Swedish pop and country group Chips at the Swedish Melodifestivalen 1980 , where it finished 4 .
Nobody Loves You When You 're Down , released in May of 2012 , is the second release from singer / songwriter Owen Mays .
`` U + Ur Hand '' is a song by American singer and songwriter Pink .
`` Koritsi Prama '' ( Greek : Κορίτσι Πράμα ; English : Girl Thing ) is the two part first single from Greek singer Despina Vandi 's eighth studio album C'est La vie ( 2010 ) .
Apologies to the Queen Mary is the highly acclaimed first full - length album by Canadian indie rock band Wolf Parade .
Game of Fools is the second album of the hard rock band Koritni .
Here Not There is the second full length studio album by Canadian singer - songwriter Jane Child .
`` Are U Ready ? '' is a dance song recorded by French DJ Pakito .
Vagabond Heart is the 16th studio album by the singer - songwriter Rod Stewart , released in 1991 .
`` A Msterdamn '' is a song by Grammy Award winning Dutch music producer and DJ Afrojack in collaboration with Dutch DJ - team The Partysquad .
Anwar Kharral is a fictional character in the television series Skins portrayed by Dev Patel .
¡ Dos ! is the tenth studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
`` Dunkie Butt '' was the lead single released from 12 Gauge 's debut album 12 Gauge .
Cruel Cruel World is the third album ( fourth overall ) released by the animated pop group , Prozzäk ( Simon & Milo ) .
Classic Blue is the fourth solo studio album by The Moody Blues front - man Justin Hayward .
Les Marquises ( English : The Marquesas ) is Jacques Brel 's thirteenth and final album .
Tokyo Destiny ( 東京デスティニー ) is the thirty - ninth single by the Japanese Pop rock band Porno Graffitti .
True Reflections is a rock album by violinist Boyd Tinsley of the Dave Matthews Band , released in June 2003 .
`` The Masses Against the Classes '' is a song by Manic Street Preachers , released as a limited - edition single in January 2000 .
Songs of Love & Loss is the seventh studio album , and first cover album , by Australian singer and songwriter Tina Arena , released on 1 December 2007 .
`` Planet Telex '' is a song written by Radiohead and is the opening track of their 1995 album The Bends .
At Crystal Palace is the second album by the band Erase Errata , released in 2003 .
`` An Everlasting Love '' is a song written by Barry Gibb , performed by Andy Gibb as the second single from his album Shadow Dancing , peaking at # 5 on the Hot 100 on 23 September 1978 and # 10 in the UK .
`` The Roller '' is a single by the English rock band Beady Eye , featured on their 2011 debut album Different Gear , Still Speeding .
`` Do You Remember Rock ' n ' Roll Radio ? '' is the second single and first track by American punk rock band the Ramones from their fifth studio album End of the Century .
Painstained is the sixth studio album by the Finnish gothic band Entwine .
Descanso Dominical ( English : Sunday Break ) is an album by pop group Mecano .
`` You Tell Me Why '' is a song by American rock group The Beau Brummels , from the band 's second album , The Beau Brummels , Volume 2 .
`` 4-Day Weekend '' is a song by The Bluetones , released as the fourth and final single from their second album , 1998 's Return to the Last Chance Saloon .
Too Low for Zero , released in 1983 , was the seventeenth official album release for Elton John .
O Gosto da Criação is the seventeenth album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho .
`` In Your Arms ( Love song from Neighbours ) '' , is a single released by Lynne Hamilton , famous for performing the theme song to Prisoner , written by then - Executive producer Don Battye and Executive in Charge of Production Peter Pinne ( who had also composed several Australian television themes ) .
`` This Old Town '' is a song collaboration by English musicians Paul Weller ( formerly of The Jam ) and Graham Coxon ( of Blur fame ) .
The Great Fatsby is the second album by American rock guitarist , singer and songwriter Leslie West .
`` Ay Chico ( Lengua Afuera ) '' ( English : `` Hey Boy ( Tongue Out ) '' ) is the second single from the album El Mariel by American rap artist Pitbull .
Van Lear Rose is an album by Loretta Lynn , released in 2004 and produced by Jack White of the rock band the White Stripes .
Rough ' n ' Tumble is the fifteenth album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the Blue Note label in 1966 and performed by Turrentine with Blue Mitchell , James Spaulding , Pepper Adams , McCoy Tyner , Grant Green , Bob Cranshaw , and Mickey Roker with arrangements by Duke Pearson .
`` Clothes Off ! ! '' is the fifth single from Gym Class Heroes ' third album , As Cruel as School Children .
Pet Grief is the second album by The Radio Dept . , released in 2006 .
`` Y Ahora Te Vas '' ( `` And Now You Leave '' ) is a song written and produced by singer - songwriter Marco Antonio Solís , and performed by him as the lead singer of Los Bukis .
Victory Songs is the third full - length album by the Finnish folk metal band Ensiferum .
Colour of Your Dreams is a studio album by singer - songwriter Carole King , released in March 1993 .
`` Everything Invaded '' is a song by Moonspell from the album , The Antidote .
The Golden Section is a 1983 album by English musician John Foxx .
The Conquest of You is the twelfth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts .
FH3 is Faderhead 's third album released on October 10 , 2008 .
William Hayden English was born August 27 , 1822 , in Lexington , Indiana , the only son of Elisha Gale English and his wife , Mahala ( Eastin ) English .
Vicente Carrillo Fuentes was born in Guamuchilito , Navolato , Sinaloa , Mexico on 16 October 1962 to Vicente Carrillo and Aurora Fuentes .
Art Parkinson ( born October 19 , 2001 ) is an Irish actor , based in Moville , County Donegal .
Shahab Abbasi ( Persian : شهاب عباسی‎ , was born 1973 in Tabriz ) is an Iranian theater and cinema actor .
Enrico Chiesa ( Italian pronunciation : ( enˈriko ˈkjɛza ) ; born 29 December 1970 in Genoa ) is an Italian football coach and former striker .
Luis Antonio Hierro López ( born June 6 , 1947 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan political figure .
Richard Justin Lado ( Arabic : ريشارد جاستن لادو‎ ) ( born October 5 , 1979 in Khartoum ) is a South Sudanese football defensive midfielder currently playing for Khartoum .
Kamil Masztak ( born 16 July 1984 in Białystok ) is a Polish sprinter .
Jessica Cérival ( born 20 January 1982 in Quimper , Finistère ) is a French track and field athlete who specialises in the shot put .
Nella Larsen was born Nellie Walker in a poor district of Chicago known as the Levee , on April 13 , 1891 , the daughter of Peter Walker , likely a mulatto Afro - Caribbean immigrant from the Danish West Indies and Marie Walker , née Hansen , a Danish immigrant .
Senait Ashenafi ( born March 10 , 1966 in Addis Ababa ) is an Ethiopian - born actress in the United States who played Keesha Ward in General Hospital from 1994 to 1998 .
Pako Seribe ( born 7 April 1991 in Gaborone ) is a Botswana sprinter competing in the 200 and 400 metres .
Joseph Vanzler , known to all who knew him by the nickname `` Usick , '' was born in 1902 in Samarkand , then part of the Russian Empire and today part of Uzbekistan .
Richard Irvine Manning III was born in Sumter County , South Carolina on August 15 , 1859 to Richard Irvine Manning II . His grandfather , Richard Irvine Manning I , had served as governor of the state from 1824 to 1826 .
Bernardo Bellincioni ( 1452 - -1492 ) was an Italian poet , who began his career in the court of Lorenzo the Magnificent in Florence .
Osvaldo Coluccino ( Domodossola , April 22 , 1963 ) is an Italian composer and poet .
Bernard Barton was born at Carlisle on 31 January 1784 , the son of Quaker parents , John Barton ( 1755 - -1789 ) and his wife , Mary , née Done ( 1752 - -1784 ) .
Vincent Mroz was born in Stanley , Wisconsin in 1922 , the son of Polish immigrants .
George Yuri Rainich ( March 25 , 1886 in Odessa -- October 10 , 1968 ) was a leading mathematical physicist in the early twentieth century .
Zhu Zhengrong ( Chinese : 朱峥嵘 ; Pinyin : Zhū Zhēngróng ; born 11 October 1988 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League .
Thomas Hengelbrock ( born 9 June 1958 in Wilhelmshaven ) is a German violinist , musicologist , stage director and conductor .
Michael Wojtanowicz ( Polish : Michał Wojtanowicz ; born March 9 , 1985 in Krems an der Donau ) is an Austrian footballer of Polish origin .
Mabon was born in Glasgow , the son of Jesse Dickson Mabon , a butcher , and his wife , Isabel Simpson ( née Montgomery ) .
Justin Cathal Geever , better known by his stage name Justin Sane is the lead guitarist and singer / songwriter of the United States - based musical group Anti - Flag , a punk rock band formed in 1988 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania known for its outspoken left - wing views .
John Franklin Gray was born on September 23 , 1804 at Sherburne , New York and died on June 9 , 1882 at the Fifth Avenue Hotel , in New York City .
Lucille Lund was born in Buckley , Washington to Olaf Sylfestson Lund ( 1888 - 1940 ) and Laura ( Skjelkvåle ) Lund ( 1885 - 1972 ) , who were immigrants from Oppland , Norway .
Sebastián Rusculleda ( born 28 April 1985 in Laboulaye , Córdoba ) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Panetolikos F.C ..
Paolo Bossoni ( born 2 July 1976 in San Secondo Parmense ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Nizar Qabbani was born in the Syrian capital of Damascus to a middle class merchant family .
Nouchka van Brakel ( born 18 April 1940 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch film director known for her 1982 movie Van de koele meren des doods .
Richard Bache ( 1737 - -1811 ) , born in Settle , Yorkshire , England , immigrated to Philadelphia , in the colony of Pennsylvania , where he was a businessman , a marine insurance underwriter , and later served as head of the American Post Office .
Abed Khan was born in the village of Rasulpur , Khulna district , Bengal Presidency , British India .
Born in Warsaw , Poland , in 1904 , Lelord Kordel emigrated with his parents to the United States as a child and grew up in Chicago , where his father worked as a baker .
Rupert of Salzburg ( German : Rupprecht , Latin : Robertus , Rupertus ; c. 660 -- 710 AD ) was the Bishop of Worms , the first Bishop of Salzburg , and the abbot of St. Peter 's in Salzburg .
Hans Michael Maitzen ( born 28 March 1943 in Graz ) is an Austrian astronomer .
Mela Tenenbaum , born in Ukraine , is a classical violinist and violist , also playing viola d'amore .
Walenty Kłyszejko ( Estonian : Valentin Klõšeiko , Russian : Валентин Клышейко ) ( 2 December 1909 in Saint Petersburg , Russia -- 20 August 1987 in Warsawa ) was an Estonian--
Giulia Quintavalle ( born March 6 , 1983 in Livorno ) is an Italian judoka .
Heinrich Retschury ( born 5 January 1887 in Vienna ; died 11 June 1944 ) was an Austrian football player , referee , coach and official .
Rob Alflen ( born 7 May 1968 in Utrecht ) is a Dutch football manager and former player who is currently the assistant manager of Dutch Eredivisie side Heracles Almelo .
Cassandra Jean Whitehead ( born October 5 , 1985 ) , also known as Cassandra Jean , is an American actress , model , and beauty pageant queen from Houston , Texas .
Jan Frederiksen ( born 20 June 1982 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish footballer who plays for amateur side FC Græsrødderne .
Guy Dayan began his career by Hapoel Beit She'an , after that he played for Hapoel Kfar Saba and in 2009 he moved to Maccabi Ahi Nazareth .
Perot was born in Texarkana , Texas , to Lula May Perot ( née Ray ) and Gabriel Ross Perot , a commodity broker specializing in cotton contracts .
Maud Francis , Countess of Salisbury ( c. 1370 -- c. 1424 ) was daughter of Sir Adam Francis , born 1362 , Mayor of London , and Agnes Champnes .
Nanda Thein Zan was born on 21 February 1947 in Paungde Township of Pegu Division , the youngest of three siblings .
John - Michael Hakim Gibson , ( born August 15 , 1990 ) , better known by his stage name Cash Out ( stylized Ca$h Out ) is an American rapper originally from Columbus , Georgia , and later raised in Atlanta , Georgia .
Barbara Jane Reams ( a.k.a . Barbara Jane Calchera ) , born April 7 , 1976 , in Burley , Idaho , is a former American television actress .
Jan Schmidt - Garre ( born June 18 , 1962 in Munich ) , German film director and producer .
Pierre Chouteau , Jr. ( January 19 , 1789 -- September 6 , 1865 ) , also referred to as Pierre Cadet Chouteau , was an American merchant and a member of the wealthy Chouteau fur - trading family of St. Louis , Missouri .
Robin French ( born 1978 , Birmingham ) is an English playwright , film and television writer and songwriter .
Miguel Gonçalves Mendes ( Covilhã , September 2 , 1978 ) is a Portuguese director , screenwriter and producer .
Annie Groovie ( the pen name of Annie Trudelle , born in Trois - Rivières April 11 , 1970 ) , is a Québécois writer and illustrator of children 's literature .
Menno Meyjes ( born 1954 , Eindhoven ) is a Dutch - born screenwriter , film director and producer .
Fabián Bielinsky ( 3 February 1959 -- 29 June 2006 ) was an Argentine film director born in Buenos Aires .
Damien Fonoti ( born 4 December 1987 ) in Samoa is a footballer who plays as a Right back .
Jaroslav Hřebík ( born 16 December 1948 in Benešov , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech professional football coach and a former player .
Ernest Troubridge was born in Hampstead , London , on 15 July 1862 , the third son of Sir Thomas St Vincent Hope Cochrane Troubridge and his wife Louisa Jane .
Yiorgos Depollas ( born Athens 1947 ) is a Greek photographer .
Cheung Po Chun ( Chinese : 張寶春 ; Jyutping : zoeng1 bou2 ceon1 ; born 11 May 1971 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong football coach and former player .
Nebojša Jovanović ( Serbian : Небојша Јовановић ) ( born March 27 , 1983 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian professional road bicycle racer .
Roger Barkley ( September 11 , 1936 Odebolt , Iowa , USA -- December 21 , 1997 , Duarte , California ) was an American radio personality , based in Los Angeles , California , best remembered for his work with Al Lohman as part of The Lohman and Barkley Show on KFI .
Yasmin Bannerman was born and brought up in Gloucester , where she attended St Peter 's Roman Catholic School .
Li Jiajun ( simplified Chinese : 李佳军 ; traditional Chinese : 李佳軍 ; pinyin : Lǐ Jiajūn ; born October 15 , 1975 in Changchun , Jilin ) is a Chinese short track speed skater who has won 5 Olympic medals - two silver and three bronze .
Ilario Aloe was signed by Inter in 2004 from Varese of Serie C1 .
Dan Morgenstern ( born October 24 , 1929 , Munich , Germany ) is a jazz critic and librarian .
Rosemary McGrotha ( born August 8 , 1958 in Tallahassee , Florida , USA ) is an American fashion model .
Stanley Clark Bagg ( 23 December 1820 -- 8 August 1873 ) was a Canadian landowner in Villeray , a district of Montreal .
Milan Trajkovic ( born 17 March 1992 in Surdulica ) is a Serbian - born Cypriot athlete specialising in the sprint hurdles .
Stasys Baranauskas ( born 7 May 1962 in Kaunas ) is a retired Lithuanian football midfielder , who last played for Kareda Siauliai during his professional career .
Boris Petrushansky ( born in Moscow , 1949 ) is a Russian - Italian pianist .
Fern Michaels is the pen name of Mary Ruth Kuczkir , who was born in Hastings , Pennsylvania on April 9 , 1933 , weighing only four and one - half pounds .
Jost Andreas von Randow ( * Loburg , 3 . April 1580 ; † ? ) was courtier at the Anhaltian court at Dessau and an early member of the Fruitbearing Society .
Tan Tiancheng ( Chinese : 谭天澄 ; Pinyin : Tán Tiānchéng ; born 15 May 1991 in Taiyuan , Shanxi ) is a Chinese footballer who plays as a striker for Beijing Guoan in Chinese Super League .
Éider Arévalo ( born 9 March 1993 in Bogotá ) is a Colombian racewalker .
Ignacio Amarilla ( born on 18 September 1986 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Cerro .
Erwin C. Dietrich ( born 4 October 1930 in St. Gallen ) is a Swiss film producer , director and writer , mainly of exploitation vehicles like Ranch of the Nymphomaniac Girls , Barbed Wire Dolls , She Devils of the SS ( aka Frauleins in Uniform ) and The Erotic Adventures of Robin Hood .
Siegfried Passarge was born in Königsberg , the son of travel writer Ludwig Passarge .
Diego Maurício ( born June 25 , 1991 in Rio de Janeiro ) , nicknamed Drogbinha , is a Brazilian football striker .
Henri Cole was born in Fukuoka , Japan , to an American father and French - Armenian mother , and raised in Virginia , United States .
Kelly Cheung ( 張曦雯 ) was born in Hong Kong and was raised there until she was ten years old when she moved to Chicago .
Alfons Peeters ( 21 January 1943 in Beringen--5 January 2015 ) was a Belgian footballer .
Aníbal Cristobo ( born September 1 , 1971 , Lanús , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine writer .
Donato Manduzio ( 24 July 1885 in San Nicandro Garganico -- 15 March 1948 in San Nicandro Garganico ) was a self - taught Italian mystic .
Derrick Hodge ( born July 5 , 1979 , in Philadelphia ) is an American bassist , composer , music producer , musical director and recording artist for Blue Note Records with whom he has won two Grammy awards .
Wilhelm Hensel was born on 6 July 1794 in the German town of Trebbin , in the present - day state of Brandenburg , to a Protestant preacher .
Hugh S. Fowler ( July 24 , 1912 in Missouri -- August 2 , 1975 in Los Angeles , California ) was an American film editor with about 38 feature film credits from 1952 -- 1972 .
Éric Demarsan ( aka Éric de Marsan ) , born on October 2 , 1938 in Paris , is a French film score composer .
Ulrich Møller ( 11 December 1962 ) is a Norwegian former footballer , who played most of his entire career for Molde .
Jacques Lameloise ( born April 6 , 1947 ) was the chef de cuisine at the French restaurant Maison Lameloise ( usually known as Lameloise ) in Chagny , from 1979 until 2008 .
Cosmin Tilincă ( born 1 August 1980 in Turda , Cluj County ) is a Romanian footballer currently under contract with Arieşul Turda .
George Polk ( 17 October 1913 , Fort Worth , Texas -- May 1948 ) was an American journalist for CBS who was murdered during the Greek Civil War , in 1948 .
Russell Cross attended and played basketball at Manley High School , located on the West Side of Chicago .
Marvin Stamm ( born May 23 , 1939 , Memphis , Tennessee ) is an American bebop trumpeter .
Blanka Waleská , real name Blanka Wedlichová ( 19 May 1910 in Cerhenice - 6 July 1986 in Prague ) was a Czech actress .
Alfred Gary Rath ( born January 10 , 1973 in Gulfport , Mississippi ) is a former Major League Baseball left - handed pitcher .
Sidraílson da Mata Ribeiro , commonly known as Sidraílson , ( born 26 February 1982 in João Alfredo , Pernambuco ) is a Brazilian football player who currently plays for Juazeirense .
Jean - Christophe Heyland aka Jean - Christophe Kumpfler ( 1791 Frankfurt - 29 August 1866 Genoa ) , was a Swiss engraver , watercolourist , and illustrator , who produced the plates for many botanical works such as the 1825 - 27 Plantes Rares du Jardin de Geneve by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle .
Benjamin Franklin was born on Milk Street , in Boston , Massachusetts , on January 17 , 1706 , and baptized at Old South Meeting House .
Leonora Jakupi is originally from Drenica in Kosovo , but later moved to the capital , Pristina .
Senad Karahmet ( born 25 February 1992 ) is a Bosnian footballer who plays as left back for Mladost Doboj Kakanj .
Mike Laird ( born July 1 , 1974 , Portsmouth , Virginia ) is an American professional BMX rider .
Hall was born in Westford , Massachusetts , son of the Rev. Willard Hall and Mehitable Pool .
Albadilon da Silva Carvalho or simply Da Silva ( born July 6 , 1984 in Londrina ) , is a Brazilian footballer , currently playing as a central defender for Princesa .
Nevio Orlandi ( born January 30 , 1954 in Casalmaggiore , Province of Cremona ) is an Italian football ( soccer ) manager , who last served as head coach of Serie A side Reggina .
Pierre Morange was born on September 8 , 1956 at Clermont - Ferrand ( in Puy - de - Dôme ) .
Alex Berger was born on March 22 , 1962 in Philadelphia , USA of a French mother , Francine Dreyfus - Berger , a painter and an American father , Dr. Joseph Berger , PhD.
Washington McLean ( May , 1816 - December 8 , 1890 ) was an American businessman of Scottish ancestry best known as the owner of the Cincinnati Enquirer newspaper .
Louise Welsh ( London , 1 February 1965 ) is an author of short stories and psychological thrillers .
Werner Arber ( born 3 June 1929 , Gränichen , Aargau ) is a Swiss microbiologist and geneticist .
Peter Minuit , Pieter Minuit , Pierre Minuit or Peter Minnewit ( between 1580 and 1585 -- August 5 , 1638 ) was a Walloon from Wesel , in present - day North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , then part of the Duchy of Cleves .
Heinrich Carl Haussknecht ( 30 November 1838 -- 7 July 1903 ) was a German pharmacist and botanical collector who was a native of Bennungen , Sachsen - Anhalt .
Guy Dufaux ( French pronunciation : ​(gi dyfo ) ; born July 18 , 1943 in Lille , France ) is a French - born Canadian cinematographer .
Ramón Beteta Quintanaa was born in Mexico City , Federal District on 7 October 1901 into a landowning family .
Tadhg Kelly ( aka Tadhg , pronounced `` tayg '' ) was born Joseph Tadhg Kelly in Chicago , Illinois to hotel industry executive Albert Kelly and life coach Marta Chausee .
Raymond Chow Man - Wai GBS ( born 8 October 1927 ) is a Hong Kong film producer , and presenter .
Jenny Lee - Wright ( born in London , England ) is a British actress and dancer who later became a Foley artist .
Georgie Ripper ( born London , 1977 ) is a children 's book illustrator known for her work on the Rainbow Magic series of fairy books .
Patrícia Candoso ( Lisbon , September 3 , 1981 ) is a Portuguese singer and actress .
Ciro Adolfi ( 1683 - -1758 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active in and around Bergamo .
Elvis Sinosic ( born 13 February 1971 in Canberra ) is a retired Australian professional mixed martial artist .
Bourret was born in Rivière - du - Loup , Quebec on 10 June 1802 to farmer Joseph Bourret and Angélique Lemaître - Bellenoix .
Friedrich August Simrock , better known as Fritz Simrock ( January 2 , 1837 in Bonn -- August 20 , 1901 in Ouchy ) was a German music publisher who inherited a publishing firm from his grandfather Nikolaus Simrock .
Kazimierz Lis ( April 9 , 1910 -- July 15 , 1998 ) was a football player of the Polish team Warta Poznań as well as Polish International Team .
Jonah Kirsten Sorrentino ( born June 26 , 1975 ) , better known by his stage name KJ-52 , is a Christian rapper from Tampa , Florida .
Jean Carlin , born Harriet Jean Sollenberger ( September 2 , 1921 -- October 23 , 1998 ) was an American film actress from Long Beach , California .
William Thomas Thornton was born at Burnham , Buckinghamshire on 14 February 1813 , the son of the merchant Thomas Thornton and Sophie Zohrab ; the daughter of a Greek merchant , Paul Zohrab , who had settled in Turkey .
Tom Henning Hovi ( born January 15 , 1972 in Gjøvik ) is a Norwegian former football who played as a left back in the club Vålerenga .
Kai Hesse ( born on 20 June 1985 in Wickede ) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for FC Homburg .
Louis Cheung ( Chinese : 張繼聰 ) is a Hong Kong Cantopop recording - artist , songwriter , and actor .
Lucas Sebastián Haedo ( born 18 April 1983 ) is an Argentine road bicycle racing cyclist from Chascomús , Buenos Aires .
John Evan ( born John Spencer Evans , born 28 March 1948 , Blackpool , Lancashire ) is a British musician and composer .
Georges Bergé was born ion January 1909 in Belmont , in the Gers département , France .
Amalia Ferraris ( 1828 in Voghera -- April 1 , 1904 in Florence ) was an Italian dancer .
Venelina Veneva - Mateeva ( née Veneva , Bulgarian : Венелина Венева-Матеева , born June 13 , 1974 in Ruse ) is a Bulgarian high jumper .
Robert Sturua ( Georgian : რობერტ სტურუა ) ( born July 31 , 1938 i Tbilisi ) is a Georgian theater director , who gained international acclaim for his original interpretation of the works of Brecht , Shakespeare , Chekhov .
Dan O'Halloran ( born March 25 , 1964 in Essex , Ontario ) is a National Hockey League referee , who wears uniform number 13 .
Michael Lawrie ( born 17 April 1968 in Lytham St Annes , Lancashire , England ) is a British computer security and social networking expert known for many things ranging from running MUDs to accidentally being the world 's first Cybersquatter .
On 6 August 1915 , Gurdial Singh Dhillon was born in the Panjwar area , some 20 kilometres west of Amritsar city in Punjab .
Hans Loewald ( 1906 - -1993 ) was a psychoanalyst and theorist , born in Colmar , then Germany .
Jean Louis Pascal Angan ( born 19 April 1986 , in Odienné ) is an Ivorian - Beninese international football player who last played in Kuwait for Al - Nasr .
Dara Rolins , or Darina Rolincová , was born Darina Gambošová on December 7 , 1972 in Bratislava , former Czechoslovak Socialist Republic .
Alain Mamou - Mani ( born 26 December 1949 , Nabeul , Tunisia ) is a French film producer and writer .
Gerling , whose father was also called Christian Ludwig Gerling and was a pastor at the St. Jacobi church , was born in Hamburg and attended the Johanneum .
Gorshin was born on April 5 , 1933 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , the son of Catholic parents Frances , a seamstress , and Frank Gorshin , Sr . , a railroad worker .
Joaquim Chissano was born in the remote village of Malehice , Chibuto district , Gaza Province of the Portuguese colony of Mozambique ( then called Portuguese East Africa ) .
Dan Fallshaw ( born 7 March 1973 , Sydney ) is a filmmaker , producer , editor and cinematographer best known for the highly controversial documentary Stolen ( 2009 ) , that uncovers slavery in the Sahrawi refugee camps in south - western Algeria and in Western Sahara .
Henry Flores ( born August 26 , 1974 in San Pedro Sula , Honduras ) is a professional American photographer who addresses modern pop culture .
Anthony Costa is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a striker for Adelaide City .
Banner Geovanny Caicedo Quiñónez ( born March 28 , 1981 in Esmeraldas ) is an Ecuadorian footballer .
Luca de Meo ( Milan , June 13 , 1967 ) is an Italian business executive and has been Member of the Board of Management for Sales and Marketing at AUDI AG since September 1 , 2012 .
Danny Chan Kwok - kwan ( born 1 August 1975 ) is a Hong Kong actor , dance choreographer , and lead singer of the rock band , Poet .
René - Laurent Vuillermoz ( born in Aosta on October 26 , 1977 ) is a retired Italian biathlete .
Jean - Pierre Charbonneau ( born January 3 , 1950 in Saint - Eustache , Quebec ) is a journalist and a former Quebec politician .
Chidi Osuchukwu ( born 11 October 1993 , Benin City ) is a Nigerian football winger who currently plays for S.C. Braga B.
David Bullock Harris was born at Frederick 's Hall ( now spelled Fredericks Hall ) in Louisa County , Virginia on September 28 , 1814 and grew up at Gardner 's Crossroads ( Gardners Crossroads ) in Louisa County .
Rosalind Russell was one of seven children born in Waterbury , Connecticut , to James Edward and Clara A. ( née McKnight ) Russell , an Irish - American Catholic family .
Thinlas Chorol ( born May 6 , 1981 ) is a social entrepreneur and writer from Ladakh , India .
Hede Bühl ( 8 June 1940 , Haan , near Düsseldorf ) is a German sculptor who lives and works in Düsseldorf .
Tegan Martin grew up in Jewells , Newcastle , attending St Joseph 's Primary School Charlestown and then St Mary 's High School Gateshead , until Year 10 when she left to become a full - time hairdressing apprentice at Pandora 's Hair Witchery .
Paul Pulewka ( 11 February 1896 -- 22 October 1989 ) was a German pharmacologist from Elbing ( Elbląg ) .
Wang Jinxian ( Chinese : 汪晋贤 , born 12 January 1996 in Wuhan , Hubei ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Aerbin in the China League One .
Bobby Blake ( born August 11 , 1957 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an African - American retired gay pornographic film actor best known as a dominant top in gay pornographic films .
William D. MacGillivray ( born May 24 , 1946 in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador ) is a Canadian film director and screenwriter .
Sir E. Ray Lankester KCB , FRS ( 15 May 1847 -- 13 August 1929 ) was a British zoologist , born in London .
Milo Hrnić ( born 3 February 1950 ) is a Croatian pop singer from Dubrovnik .
Fred Trammell Crow ( June 10 , 1914 -- January 14 , 2009 ) was an American real estate developer from Dallas , Texas .
Christian Chamorel ( born 1979 , in Lausanne ) is a Swiss pianist .
William Merritt Chase was born on November 1 , 1849 , in Williamsburg ( now Nineveh ) , Indiana , to the family of Sarah Swain and David H. Chase , a local businessman .
Iwona Sobotka ( born in Mława , October 19 , 1981 ) is a Polish soprano and Grand Prix Winner of the Queen Elizabeth Music Competition .
Vimala Devi was born in 1932 in the village of Britona in the parish of Penha de França , across the Mandovi river from Panjim , the principal town of Goa .
Conny Waßmuth ( born 4 April 1983 in Halle an der Saale ) is a German sprint canoer who has competed since 2005 .
Dulce María Sauri Riancho ( born 1951 in Mérida , Yucatán ) is a Mexican politician who was the first woman to serve as governor of Yucatán , from 1991 through 1994 .
Brad Lowber Hendricks ( born May 4 , 1951 in San Antonio , Texas ) is an American attorney , former President of the Arkansas Trial Lawyers Association , and President of the Brad Hendricks Law Firm , one of the largest firms in the State of Arkansas .
Alberto Neuman ( born in Buenos - Aires , ) is an Argentinian pianist .
Hans - Arnold Stahlschmidt was born on 15 September 1920 in Kreuztal , Westphalia as son to the manufacturer Arno Stahlschmidt .
Predrag Matvejević was born in Mostar ( Bosnia and Herzegovina , at the time Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) to a Croat mother and a Russian father .
Youcef Dris ( Arabic : ادريس يوسف‎ ; born October 15 , 1945 , Tizi Ouzou ) is an Algerian writer and journalist .
Chung Yan Tung ( born Chung Dik San on 21 January 1981 ) or Gillian Chung is a Hong Kong singer and actress .
Etienne Shew - Atjon ( born 24 November 1974 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch retired professional footballer .
Dirck van Delen or Dirck Christiaensz van Delen ( c.1605 , Heusden -- May 16 , 1671 , Arnemuiden ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter who specialized in architectural painting .
Prabir Das ( born 20 December 1993 in West Bengal ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Right Back for Indian Super League club Delhi Dynamos .
Endicott Peabody , nicknamed `` Chub '' , was born in Lawrence , Massachusetts , to Mary Elizabeth ( née Parkman ) and Rev. Malcolm Endicott Peabody , former Episcopal Bishop of Central New York .
Born in Pirna , Martin Lattke was seven years old when he received his first singing training .
Israel and Rosalia Lipkin were Semyon Lipkin 's parents and he was born in Odessa .
Ghasem Hajizadeh ( Persian : قاسم حاجی‌زاده‎ ; born April 2 , 1947 ; Lahijan , Iran ) is an Iranian--
Kamel Habri ( Arabic : كمال هبري‎ ; born March 5 , 1976 in Tlemcen ) is a retired Algerian international football player .
Born Johanna Wilhelmina Petronella Damman in Deventer , Jomanda is a Dutch spiritualist who described herself as being `` a healing medium . ''
Eduardo Sguiglia ( born Rosario , April 1952 ) is an Argentine economist , writer and essayist .
César Benito Cabrera ( born in San Juan , Puerto Rico , 1947 ) was the former United States Ambassador to the island nations of Mauritius and the Seychelles , both located in the Indian Ocean .
Zahra Abdulla ( Somali : Sahra Cabdulla , Arabic : زهراء عبد الله‎ ) ( born 1966 in Somalia ) is a Somali - born Finnish politician .
Born in Salem , Massachusetts , John Clough Holmes moved to Michigan in 1835 , and gained employment in a Detroit merchant store .
Marx Weiß the Younger ( c. 1518 - 25 February 1580 ; also known as Marx Weiß of Balingen ) was a late Gothic German painter .
Carlos Salem Sola ( born 1959 , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentinian writer .
Lisa Wickham is a media producer - director - TV personality in Trinidad and Tobago .
Abbie Huston Evans ( 20 December 1881 , Lee , New Hampshire -- October 1983 ) was an American poet , and teacher .
Peter Revson was born in New York City , the son of Julie ( née Phelps ) ( 1914 - -2000 ) and Martin Revson ( 1910 - - ? ) .
Hossein Nassehi was born in Tehran and studied Trombone at the Tehran Conservatory and composition at the Ankara State Conservatory .
Aluísio da Silva Neves Júnior ( born 25 March 1979 in Conceição de Macabu ) , better known as Júnior , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Dibba Al - Hisn in United Arab Emirates .
Adriano Miranda de Carvalho ( born June 22 , 1989 in Belém ) , is a Brazilian footballer , who last played as an attacking midfielder for Tapajós .
Rubén Darío Insúa ( born 1961 , in Buenos Aires ) is a former Argentine football player and currently works as a manager .
Augustus Holmes Kenan ( April 21 , 1805 - June 2 , 1870 ) was a licensed attorney turned politician from Baldwin County , Georgia .
Thomas F. Metz ( b. Elkin , North Carolina 1948 ) is a Lieutenant General in the United States Army .
Judi Andersen ( born January 1,1958 ) is a beauty pageant titleholder from Hawaii who won Miss USA 1978 .
Denis Trapashko ( Belarusian : Дзянiс Трапашко ; Russian : Денис Трапашко ; born 17 May 1990 in Chervyen '' ) is a Belarusian footballer playing currently for Torpedo - BelAZ Zhodino .
Gudleppa Hallikeri ( 1906 - -1971 ) was an Indian freedom fighter who is a native of Hosaritti in Haveri district of Karnataka state .
Robert George Clements ( 1880 - 1947 ) was a physician and a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons from Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Francesca Testasecca ( born in Foligno on 1 April 1991 ) is the winner of the 71st edition of Miss Italia .
Cui Ming'an ( Chinese : 崔明安 , born 15 November 1994 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Aerbin in the Chinese Super League .
Edward Cooney was born in 1867 in Enniskillen , County Fermanagh , Ireland ( now a part of Northern Ireland ) , the third of eight children .
Mike Love 's mother , Emily ( known as `` Glee '' ) Wilson , was the sister of Mary and Murry Wilson , a family resident in Los Angeles since the early 1920s .
Katrin Müller - Hohenstein ( born 2 August 1965 in Erlangen ) is a German television sport journalist .
Jon Moritsugu ( born 1965 in Honolulu , Hawaii ) is an American cult / underground filmmaker .
Gioacchino La Barbera ( born November 1959 in Altofonte ) is a member of the Mafia who became a pentito .
Malika Oufkir ( Arabic : مليكة أوفقير‎ ) ( born April 2 , 1953 in Marrakesh ) is a Moroccan Berber writer and former `` disappeared '' .
Gavin Livingston , better known by his stage name Gav Livz ( born 24 May 1988 ) , is a Glasgow - born music artist and businessman .
Darren Jackson ( born 25 July 1966 in Edinburgh ) is a Scottish former international footballer who played predominantly as a striker .
Anne Boixel ( April 12 , 1965 in Rennes ) is a French slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the late 1990s .
Haruna Babangida ( born 1 October 1982 in Kaduna ) is a Nigerian footballer who last played for Maltese Premier League side Mosta F.C ..
Michael Forslund ( born July 22 , 1986 in Mora ) is a Swedish freestyle skier , specializing in ski cross .
Mungo Ponton was a farmer 's son , born and raised in Edinburgh .
Paul Brickman ( April 23 , 1949 ) is an American screenwriter and film director , born in Chicago .
Monica Bedi ( born 18 January 1975 , in Hoshiarpur , Punjab ) is an actress and television presenter .
Amos Rapoport ( 28 March 1929 , Warsaw ) is an architect and one of the founders of Environment - Behavior Studies ( EBS ) .
Gracie Otto ( born 23 May 1987 in Sydney ) is an Australian actress , film producer , writer and director .
Mary Brewster Hazelton was born on November 23 , 1868 in Milton , Massachusetts to Dr. Isaac Hills Hazelton ( 1838 - -1929 ) and Mary Allen Brewster Hazelton ( 1843 - -1923 ) .
Irena Veisaitė ( born 9 January 1928 , in Kaunas ) is a Lithuanian theatre scholar , intellectual and human rights activist .
Terry Date ( born January 31 , 1956 in Lansing , Michigan ) is an American record producer and engineer , specializing in the rock and metal genres .
François Christophe de Kellermann came from a Saxon family , which was long settled in Strasbourg and ennobled .
Signmark ( born Marko Vuoriheimo on June 26 , 1978 in Helsinki ) is a deaf Finnish rap artist .
Pope Alexander III ( c. 1100/1105 -- 30 August 1181 ) , born Roland of Siena , was Pope from 7 September 1159 to his death in 1181 .
Yami Bolo grew up in Kingston 13 .
Andrei Krasov was born on January 27 , 1967 in Zemlyanka , Orenburg Oblast of RSFSR .
Karl Felix Wolff ' was born in Karlstadt ( now Karlovac ) , Croatia on 21 May 1879 .
Marcel Sieberg ( born 30 April 1982 in Castrop - Rauxel , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German road racing cyclist who rides for Lotto - Soudal .
Ronan Parke ( born 8 August 1998 ) is an English singer from Poringland , Norfolk , UK who came runner - up in the fifth series of ITV show Britain 's Got Talent , despite being the bookies ' favourite to win .
Born in Cascavel , Paraná , Rafael Ratão has played in Brazil for Ponte Preta , Penapolense ( twice ) , Santos , Boa and Guaratinguetá .
Anna Amelia Obermeyer ( 1907 - 2001 ) was a South African botanist who worked at the Botanical Research Institute in Pretoria .
Sándor Ziffer ( 1880 , in Eger - 1962 , in Baia Mare ) was a Hungarian painter characterized by his strong decorative paintings and use of definite contours and colour in his works .
Daniel Stamm ( born April 20 , 1976 in Hamburg ) , is a German film director , screenwriter and editor , probably most famous for directing A Necessary Death , and the American horror film , The Last Exorcism .
Pierre - Antoine Martini ( born June 27 , 1988 in Marseille ) is a French footballer , and is currently without a club .
Adriana Calcanhotto ( born October 3 , 1965 in Porto Alegre ) is a Brazilian singer / composer .
Rebecca Morris ( born 1969 in Honolulu , Hawaii ) is an abstract painter based out of Los Angeles who is known for her compositional aptitude .
Mario Lička ( pronounced Mario Litchka ; born 30 April 1982 in Ostrava ) is a Czech footballer , currently playing for Termalica Bruk - Bet Nieciecza in Polish Ekstraklasa .
Billy Currington was born in Savannah , Georgia , raised in Rincon , Georgia , and currently lives in Nashville , Tennessee .
Javier Diez Canseco was born to a well - to - do Lima family .
João Maria Ferreira do Amaral ( Lisbon , 4 March 1803 -- Macau , 22 August 1849 ) was a Portuguese military leader and politician .
Hossein Khatibi ( Persian : حسین خطیبی‎‎ , born 5 january 1975 in Tabriz , East Azerbaijan ) is an Iranian football retired player and assistant of Persian Gulf Pro League in the Tabrizian teams such as Tractor Sazi , Shahrdari and Machine Sazi .
Jory Vinikour ( born May 12 , 1963 in Chicago ) is an American born harpsichordist .
Jennifer Archer ( born 1957 ) is an author of young adult / teen fiction , women 's fiction and romance born in Cleburne , north central Texas .
Semyon Semyonovich Abamelik - Lazarev , Semen Semenovich Abamelek - Lazarev or Abamelik - Lazaryan ( 1857 , Moscow - 1916 , Kislovodsk , buried in Saint - Petersburg ) was a Russian - Armenian principal , archaeologist and geologist , a member of Russian Geographical Union , the honorary supervisor of the Lazarian Seminary in Moscow .
Bennie Wallace ( born November 18 , 1946 ) is an American post bop , swing music and jazz tenor saxophonist and composer born in Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Thomas Codrington ( 1829 , Wroughton , Wiltshire - 1918 ) was a British engineer and antiquarian of the late Victorian era .
Steve Tobin ( born 1957 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American sculptor .
Karl Maria Wiligut ( alias Weisthor , Jarl Widar , Lobesam ) ( 10 December 1866 , Vienna , Austrian Empire -- 3 January 1946 , Arolsen , Germany ) was an Austrian Occultist and SS - Brigadeführer .
Sammi Smith was born in Orange County , California , in 1943 but spent her childhood in Oklahoma , Texas , Arizona and Colorado .
Cazé Peçanha , the screen name of Carlos José de Araújo Peccini , ( born in Rio de Janeiro , January 7 , 1968 ) is a Brazilian television host .
Frank Usher ( born 4 August 1949 , Gateshead , County Durham , England ) is an English guitarist best known for his work in Fish 's band .
Sduduzo Ka - Mbili aka Nunu was born in Engonyameni , a rural area of Durban , South Africa .
Gu Beibei ( simplified Chinese : 顾贝贝 ; traditional Chinese : 顧貝貝 ; pinyin : Gù Bèibèi ; born November 25 , 1980 in Beijing ) is a Chinese synchronized swimmer .
François - Jean Wyns de Raucour ( or Raucourt ) , knight ( 6 November 1779 -- 4 January 1857 ) , was a Belgian liberal politician and burgomaster of Brussels .
A resident of Neuk Crescent , Houston , outside Glasgow , Bilal Abdullah was born on 17 September 1980 in Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire , where his father , also a doctor , worked .
Alicja Janosz ( born 4 June 1985 in Pszczyna ) was the winner of Polish Idol in 2002 .
José Mendonça dos Santos , simply known as Dequinha ( born March 19 , 1928 in Mossoró , RN ) , was a Brazilian footballer .
Allen Blairman ( born August 13 , 1940 , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American jazz drummer best known for his collaboration with Albert Ayler and Mal Waldron Allen Blairman has lived in Heidelberg , Germany since 1971 .
Stefano Tremigliozzi ( born 7 May 1985 in Benevento ) is an Italian long jumper .
Keith Rutter ( born 10 September 1934 ) is an English former professional footballer born in Leeds who made 402 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre half for Queens Park Rangers and Colchester United .
Josh Haden ( born 1968 in New York City ) is an American jazz musician .
Linder Sterling ( born 1954 ) is an English visual artist , performance artist and musician from Liverpool .
Luiz Pacheco ( Lisbon , May 7 , 1925 - Montijo , January 5 , 2008 ) was a writer , publisher , polemicist and literary critic ( mainly Portuguese literature ) .
María Teresa de Vallabriga y Rozas Español y Drummond ( 5 September 1758 -- 16 February 1820 in Zaragoza ) , was an Aragonese aristocrat .
Suzanne Westenhoefer ( born March 31 , 1961 in Columbia , Pennsylvania ) is an out lesbian stand - up comedian .
Lai Yiu Cheong ( Chinese : 黎耀昌 ; Jyutping : lai4 jiu6 coeng1 , born 25 September 1988 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong professional football player currently playing for Hong Kong First Division League team Sun Hei .
' Ibn Khafajah ( إبن خفاجة ) or Abu Ishaq Ibn Ibrahim Ibn Abu Al - Fath Ibn Khafajah ( 1058 - 1138/9 ) of Alzira was one of the most famous poets of Al - Andalus during the reign of the Almoravids .
Andro Enukidze ( Georgian : ანდრო ენუქიძე ) ( born January 9 , 1965 Tbilisi ) is a Georgian theater director .
Donald Miralle is a photographer , born in Los Angeles , California on August 8 , 1974 .
Timothy Adeola Odutola ( 1902 - 1995 ) , OBE , CFR , CON , was a prominent Nigerian businessman from Ijebu - Ode , Ogun State .
Anders Østli ( born 8 January 1983 in Fredrikstad ) is a Norwegian footballer currently under contract for Norwegian side Sarpsborg 08 FF .
Yakov Cherevichenko was born to peasant parents in the village of Novosyolovka in the Russian Empire ( now in Rostov Oblast , Russian Federation ) .
Harold Brighouse was born in Eccles , Salford , the eldest child of John Southworth Brighouse , a manager in a cotton - spinning firm , and Charlotte Amelia née Harrison , a headmistress .
Daniel Licht grew up in suburban Detroit and attended the Roeper School , as well as summer school at Berklee School of Music in Boston .
Gaston Seigner ( April 22 , 1878 ( Moulins , Allier ) -- April 26 , 1918 ( Mont - Rouge , Belgium ) ) was a French equestrian and Olympic medalist .
Chris Willsher ( born Christopher Willsher , 11 January 1971 in Ilford , England ) ) , is an entertainer , musician , punk singer , drummer , actor and writer of London Irish extraction , now residing in Plymouth .
Natalino Otto was born at Cogoleto , province of Genoa , in northern Italy .
Justin Clark ( born October 17 , 1988 , Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American soccer player who most recently played for Orlando City in USL Pro , the third tier of the American soccer pyramid .
Annette von Droste - Hülshoff was born at the castle of Burg Hülshoff ( now a part of Havixbeck ) in the Prince - Bishopric of Münster .
Roy Lassiter ( born March 9 , 1969 in Washington , D.C. ) is a retired American soccer striker .
Jean - Marc Brûlé , born June 16 , 1965 in Caen ( Calvados ) , is a French politician of Europe Écologie--
Ivie Anderson ( sometimes Ivy ) ( July 10 , 1905 -- December 28 , 1949 ) was an American jazz singer born in Gilroy , California .
Stephan Eicher was born in the rural municipality of Münchenbuchsee not far from Bern .
Damien Magee ( born 17 November 1945 in Belfast ) is a British former racing driver from Northern Ireland .
Petrus Jeftha , also known as `` Oubaas '' in his home town ( Touws River ) , started his cricket career at a very young age .
James Henry Hackett ( March 15 , 1800 , New York City -- December 28 , 1871 , Jamaica , Long Island , New York ) , was a renowned actor .
Itaal Shur was born in Los Angeles , but was raised in Seattle and Cincinnati , Ohio .
Keith Birdsong ( born in Muskogee , Oklahoma ) , is a Muscogee Creek - Cherokee illustrator , known best for illustrating covers of Star Trek novels , usually depicting the various actors of the Star Trek television series and movies in a realistic manner .
Marciano José do Nascimento ( 12 July 1980 in Chapadinha , Piauí ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santa Quitéria .
Vikram Chatwal ( born November 1 , 1971 in Addis Ababa ) is an American hotelier and actor .
Yuliya Chepalova ( Russian : Ю́лия Чепа́лова ; born 23 December 1976 in Komsomolsk - on - Amur , Russian SFSR ) is a former Russian cross - country skier .
Komitas was born Soghomon Soghomonian in Kütahya , Hüdavendigâr ( Bursa ) Vilayet , Ottoman Empire on 26 September ( 8 October in New Style ) 1869 to Armenian parents Kevork and Takuhi .
Gábor Faludi was born in Tét on May 13 , 1846 according to the entry in the Jewish parish register of Téthszentkút ( later known as Téth or Tét ) .
Max Terhune ( 12 February 1891 -- 5 June 1973 ) was an American film actor born in Franklin , Indiana .
After 1918 , he edited his works for newspapers under the pseudonym , Oskar Graf - Berg ; for the works he regarded as `` worth being read '' , he selected the name Oskar Maria Graf .
Kalla Pasha was the stage name of Joseph T. Rickard , a native of Detroit .
Anselmo Robbiati ( born January 1 , 1970 in Lecco ) is an Italian former footballer , currently assistant manager of Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team Figline .
Marianne Elisabeth Nordqvist ( Swedish pronunciation : ( mariˌan ɛˈliːsabɛt ˈnuːɖˈkvɪst ) ) ( born 18 May 1962 in Stockholm ) , known by her stage name Nanne Grönvall ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˌnanːɛ ˈɡrøːnˈvalː ) ) , is a Swedish singer - songwriter .
Zbigniew Fil ( born March 17 , 1977 , Zamość ) is a Polish singer and multi - instrumentalist .
Franz Roubaud was born on 3/15 June 1856 in Odessa to Honoré Fortuné Alexis Roubaud and his wife Madelaine née Sénèque .
Joseph Ebuya ( born 20 June 1987 in Baragoi ) is a Kenyan runner who specialises in the 5000 metres and was the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships champion .
Bijan Abdolkarimi ( born 1963 in Tehran ) ( Persian : بیژن عبدالکریمی ) is an Iranian philosopher , thinker , translator and editor .
Sastha Sunu is a noted Indonesian film editor who has worked on several of Indonesia 's most prominent films since 2001 .
Ashour Bin Khayal ( Arabic : عاشور بن خيال‎ ) , sometimes romanised Bin Hayal , is a Libyan diplomat and politician who was born in the Cyrenaican city of Derna in September 1939 .
Patrizia Laquidara ( Catania , October 29 , 1972 ) is an Italian singer .
Valeriya ( Russian : Валерия ) is a stage name of Alla Yurievna Perfilova ( Russian : Алла Юрьевна Перфилова , born April 17 , 1968 in Atkarsk ) , a Russian singer .
Tal Kachila ( Hebrew : טל כחילה‎ ; born June 26 , 1992 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays as a centre - back for Beitar Jerusalem .
Alena Kiyevich ( Belarusian : Алена Кіевіч ; born 6 October 1987 in Brest ) is a Belarusian sprinter .
Lorenzo Homar was born in 1913 in the `` Barrio '' Puerta de Tierra of San Juan , Puerto Rico .
Widukind Lenz ( 4 February 1919 , Eichenau -- 25 February 1995 ) was a distinguished German pediatrician , medical geneticist and dysmorphologist who was among the first to recognize the thalidomide syndrome in 1961 and alert the world to the dangers of limb and other malformations due to the mother 's exposure to this drug during pregnancy .
Camille Guérin was born in Poitiers to a family of modest means .
Following the Sand Creek Massacre in November 1864 , Roman Nose became a principal figure among his people , leading retaliatory strikes against Euro - American settlements at the Battle of Julesburg along the Platte Road and Powder River regions of south - central Wyoming and in the Platte valley of Nebraska , western Kansas , and eastern Colorado .
Eric van de Poele ( born 30 September 1961 in Verviers ) is a Belgian racing driver and former Formula One driver .
Lionnel Franck Djimgou Tchoumbou ( born March 27 , 1989 in Yaoundé ) is a Cameroonian football player , who last played for FC Daugava .
Fabiano Monteiro de Oliveira or also known as Fabiano Oliveira ( born March 6 , 1987 in Seropédica ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Kurt Hohenberger ( April 28 , 1908 , Stuttgart - July 15 , 1979 , Kernenstetten ) was a German jazz trumpeter .
Pier Francesco Battistelli ( 17th century ) was an Italian painter active in the early - Baroque period , mainly in his hometown of Bologna as well as Parma .
Inna Poluškina ( born 7 July 1984 in Riga ) is a Latvian long - distance runner who specialises in the 3000 metres .
Michael Choniates ( or Acominatus ) ( Greek : Μιχαήλ Χωνιάτης or Ἀκομινάτος ) ( c. 1140 -- 1220 ) , Byzantine writer and ecclesiastic , was born at Chonae ( the ancient Colossae ) .
Cris Lankenau was born in Miami , Florida and grew up in Orlando and Boca Raton , Florida .
María Denisse Dibós Silva ( born 15 April 1967 , Lima , Perú ) is a Peruvian actress , theatrical producer , music director , art educator , dance instructor , singer , and businessperson .
Vittorio Russo ( born February 16 , 1939 in Trieste ) is an Italian football manager and former player .
Leopoldo Trieste ( 3 May 1917 in Reggio Calabria -- 25 January 2003 ) was an Italian actor , film director and script writer .
Raimundo Ferreira Ramos Jr. ( also known as Júnior or Júnior Baiano ( by adding the demonym of Bahia , his home state ) ) ( born 14 March 1970 in Feira de Santana ) is a retired Brazilian footballer .
Saint Margaret of England , O.Cist . , ( died 1192 ) was born in Hungary to an Englishwoman who was related to St. Thomas Beckett , the murdered Archbishop of Canterbury .
Born in Montgomery , Alabama , Alonzo Babers was a military dependent who graduated from Kaiserslautern American High School in then - West Germany .
Gustavo Gutiérrez Merino , O.P. , ( born 8 June 1928 in Lima ) is a Peruvian theologian and Dominican priest regarded as the founder of liberation theology .
Alberich Rabensteiner , born January 28 , 1875 in Villanders , South Tyrol , was a Cistercian monk who practiced at Heiligenkreuz Abbey .
Michael Lejan ( born 2 May 1983 in Soest , Germany ) is a German - born Belgian football left back .
Nasim Hassanpour ( Persian : نسیم حسن پور‎ ; born August 25 , 1984 in Tabriz , East Azerbaijan ) is an Iranian sport shooter .
Marcus Amerman was born in Phoenix , Arizona in 1959 but grew up in the Pacific Northwest .
Lorraine Pilkington ( born 18 April 1974 ) is an Irish actress from Dublin , who is best known for her role as Katrina Finlay from Monarch of the Glen .
Oleksandr Ivanovych Klymenko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Іванович Клименко , born April 14 , 1965 in Marinka , Donetsk Oblast ) is a Ukrainian politician , entrepreneur .
Michel Gagné ( born 1965 , Roberval , Quebec ) is a Canadian cartoonist .
Ahmad Zia Massoud was born on May 1 , 1956 , in Muqur , which is in the Ghazni province of Afghanistan .
Mikael Boman was born and raised in the small town of Kungsbacka in northern Halland and started in an early age in the local club Kungsbacka IB in Division 6 .
Yoon Shi - yoon was born as Yoon Dong Goo , a name he used until his agency recommended an official change of name upon his entry into college , in a small town in Suncheon .
Leah Rhodes ( July 21 , 1902 , Port Arthur , Texas -- October 17 , 1986 ) was an American costume designer .
Eugénie De Keyser ( 17 May 1918 , Brussels - 4 April 2012 ) was a Belgian writer and art critic .
Born in West Bromwich , Alf Dean was a short in stature 5 ft 5 ins ( 1.65 m ) but not negligible 11 st ( 69.8 kg ) nippy diminutive outside right with great dribbling skills .
William James Wanless was born on May 1 , 1865 to Elizabeth and John Wanless in the then - community of Charleston ( now part of Caledon ) , Ontario , Canada .
Barsegh Kirakosyan ( Armenian : Բարսեղ Կիրակոսյան , born on 23 September 1982 in Vladikavkaz , Soviet Union ) is a Russian born Armenian football defender .
Yuvan Shankar Raja ( born 31 August 1979 ) is an Indian singer - songwriter , film score and soundtrack composer , and occasional lyricist from Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
Ioannis Kottounios was born of Greek descent in Veroia , Macedonia in 1577 .
Paolo Camossi ( born 6 January 1974 in Gorizia ) is an Italian triple jumper , best known for his gold medal at the 2001 World Indoor Championships .
Niklas Ajo ( born 10 July 1994 in Valkeakoski ) is a Finnish Grand Prix motorcycle racer , and the 2009 champion of the Finnish 125GP Championship .
Karl - Markus Gauß ( * May 14 , 1954 in Salzburg ) is an Austrian contemporary writer , essayist and editor .
Originally from Hamburg , Werner Potzernheim moved to Hanover in 1950 .
Bartolomé Leonardo de Argensola was baptized at Barbastro on August 26 , 1562 .
Iain Levison is a Scottish - American writer born in Aberdeen , Scotland in 1963 .
Manuel Scalise ( born 28 August 1981 in Rho ) is an Italian professional football player currently at Ascoli .
Born in Hanseongbu ( present - day Seoul ) to Lee Jin - gyu ( 이진규 , 李鎭奎 ) , Lee Bong - chang was raised in indigent circumstances .
Jan Saudek ( born 13 May 1935 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech art photographer and painter .
Yassine Akkouche , also known as Yacine Akkouche , ( born July 28 , 1984 in Akbou ) is an Algerian footballer .
Ankur Jain was born in Bellevue , Washington to parents from India .
Serdar Hudayberdiyev ( Turkmen : Serdar Hudaýberdiýew ; born 1 November 1986 in Türkmenabat , Lebap , Turkmen SSR ) is Turkmen professional boxer .
Mario Salieri ( born November 29 , 1957 in Naples ) is an Italian adult erotic film director and producer .
Cristina D'Avena ( born July 6 , 1964 in Bologna ) is an Italian singer and actress .
Bill Legend ( born William Arthur Fifield , 8 May 1944 , Barking , Essex ) is an English musician and former drummer for glam rock band T.Rex during their most successful period .
Vlada Kubassova ( born 23 August 1995 ) is an Estonian women 's association football , who plays as a striker for Naiste Meistriliiga club Levadia Tallinn and the Estonia women 's national football team .
Toni Musulin was born in Saint - Martin - d'Hères on June 8 , 1970 and grew up in Seynod with his brother and sister after his family moved there shortly after his birth .
Chittaranjan Deb was born at Chhatiain , Sylhet , present Bangladesh .
Kerishnie Naicker grew up in Reservoir Hills , Durban with her parents Amra and Joey , a self - employed businessman and two siblings .
Sandra Adair was born in Carlsbad , New Mexico as daughter of Herman and Rachel Estrin .
Marin le Bourgeoys was born into a noted artisan family in Lisieux , in Normandy , France .
Ignacio Aguirre ( b. San Sebastián , Jalisco , December 23 , 1900 -- Mexico City , July 11 , 1990 ) was a Mexican painter and engraver .
Ippolito Ippoliti ( April 2 , 1921 in Rome - November 30 , 1966 Rome ) is a retired Italian professional football player .
Emanuel Aloys Förster ( 26 January 1748 -- 12 November 1823 ) was a composer and music teacher , who spent most of his life in Vienna , Austria .
Uļi Kīnkamegs ( Uldriķis Kāpbergs , in Livonian Uļi Kīnkamäg ) ( March 25 , 1869 Miķeļtornis -- June 1 , 1932 , Ventspils ) was Livonian nationalist and religious zealot .
Émile Noël ( Istanbul , 17 November 1922 - Viareggio , 24 August 1996 ) was a senior French European Union official .
Paul Fillunger ( June 25 , 1883 in Vienna -- March 7 , 1937 in Vienna ) was an Austrian geotechnical engineer .
Placido Michele Aurifici , better known as Bernardino da Ucria ( born Ucria , Sicily , 9 April 1739 , died Palermo , 29 January 1796 ) was a Sicilian friar and botanist .
Wilhelm Neuland ( 14 July 1806 -- 28 December 1889 ) was a German musician and composer of the Romantic era , with activities mainly in Bonn ( Germany ) , London ( UK ) and Calais ( France ) .
Gustaf Adolf Britsch ( August 11 , 1879 - October 27 , 1923 ) was an early 20th - century German art theorist and the founder of Gustaf Britsch Institute in Starnberg , Germany .
José Poy ( 11 April 1926 -- 8 February 1996 ) was an Argentine football player who spent the majority of his career with São Paulo in Brazil , making a total of 565 appearances .
Leo Gestel ( 11 November 1881 , Woerden- 26 November 1941 , Hilversum ) was a Dutch painter .
Thomas Rogers Kimball ( April 19 , 1862 -- September 7 , 1934 ) was an American architect in Omaha , Nebraska .
Jan Bor , real name Jan Jaroslav Strejček ( 16 February 1886 in Prague -- 25 March 1943 in Zámostí , Hluboká nad Vltavou ) was a Czech director and playwright .
Gabriel ibn al - Qilai ( in exact Arabic transcription : Jibrāyīl ibn al - Qilā'i , in Latin : Gabriel Benclaius or Barclaius , born in 1447 in Lehfed , in the Jbeil District , died in 1516 in Cyprus ) was a Lebanese Christian religious , belonging to the Maronite Church .
Joan Brossa ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈam ˈbɾɔsə ) ) ( 1919 - -1998 , Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain ) was a Catalan poet , as well as a playwright , graphic designer and visual artist .
Fortunato Chelleri ( originally : Keller , also : Kelleri , Kellery , Cheler ) ( May or June 1690 , Parma -- 11 December 1757 , Kassel ) was a Baroque Kapellmeister and composer .
Valerie Todd Davies ( born 29 September 1920 in Makirikiri , near Wanganui , New Zealand , died 2012 in Brisbane , Queensland ) was an arachnologist who described many species of spider .
Erich Zeigner ( 17 February 1886 , Erfurt -- 5 April 1949 , Leipzig ) was Prime Minister of the German state of Saxony during the attempted communist uprising of 1923 .
Nikola Ivanov ( Bulgarian : Никола Иванов ) ( 2 March 1861 , Kalofer -- 10 September 1940 , Sofia ) was a Bulgarian general , Chief of the Headquarters of the Bulgarian Army between 10 May 1894 and 29 November 1896 , Minister of war between 29 November 1896 - 30 January 1899 .
Hugo Leichtentritt ( 1 January 1874 , Pleschen , Polish : Pleszew , nearby Posen , Province of Posen -- 13 November 1951 , Cambridge , Massachusetts ) was a German - Jewish musicologist and composer who spent much of his life in the USA .
Gifford Pinchot was born August 11 , 1865 , to Episcopalian parents in Simsbury , Connecticut , the son of James W. Pinchot , a successful New York City wallpaper merchant and Mary Eno , daughter of one of New York City 's wealthiest real estate developers , Amos Eno .
Käthe Kruse , born Katharina Simon ( 17 September 1883 , Breslau - 19 July 1968 , Murnau am Staffelsee ) was a German dollmaker and , for the doll community / fans , one of the world 's most famous members of her profession .
Marian Sawa ( January 12 , 1937 , Krasnystaw -- April 27 , 2005 , Warsaw ) was a Polish composer , organist , improviser , musicologist , and pedagogue .
Peter Lauremberg ( 26 August 1585 - -13 May 1639 ) was a writer , professor and rector at the University of Rostock in the seventeenth century .
Dulcina de Moraes ( Valença , February 3 , 1908 -- Brasília , August 28 , 1996 ) was a Brazilian stage actress and director .
Michel Graillier was a French jazz pianist , born 18 October 1946 in Lens ( Pas - de - Calais ) , died 11 February 2003 in Paris .
George Worsley Adamson , RE , MCSD ( 7 February 1913 in The Bronx , New York -- 5 March 2005 in Exeter , Devon ) was a book illustrator , author and cartoonist who from 1931 held American and British dual citizenship .
Gaston Roudès ( born 24 March 1878 , Béziers , Hérault ; d. 5 November 1958 , Villejuif , Val - de - Marne ) was a French actor , film director and screenwriter best known for his silent films of the 1920s and early 1930s .
Alvise II Mocenigo ( Luigi Mocenigo ) ( Venice , 3 January 1628 -- Venice , 6 May 1709 ) was the 110th doge of Venice from 17 July 1700 until his death .
Taking into account the fact that these events taken place in the 13th century , the sources who informed Przemysł II 's death are considerable , though the Kronika wielkopolska failed to bring his work to the time of his contemporaries , and so the years 1295 - 1296 and told the events of Rogoźno .
Andrzej Kotula ( February 10 , 1822 in Grodziszcz -- October 10 , 1891 in Cieszyn ) was a Polish lawyer and activist from Cieszyn Silesia .
Francesco Mochi ( 29 July 1580 -- 6 February 1654 ) was an Italian early - Baroque sculptor active mostly in Rome and Orvieto .
Philip I of Croÿ - Chimay ( November 1436 -- Bruges , September 14 , 1482 ) , count of Chimay , Lord of Quiévrain , was a noble from the House of Croÿ , in the service of the Dukes of Burgundy .
Lorenzo Hierrezuelo ( Hierrezuelo la O , El Caney 5 September 1907 -- Havana , 16 November 1993 ) was a Cuban trova musician , a singer , guitarist and composer .
Arie Johannes Lamme , also spelled Ary ( 27 September 1812 , Dordrecht - 25 February 1900 , Berg en Dal ) was a Dutch painter , etcher , lithographer , art dealer and museum director .
Carlo Parola ( 20 September 1921 -- 22 March 2000 ) , was an Italian football player and coach , from Turin .
In 1961 , Mendy Rudolph met Susan , a receptionist at the WGN office in New York City , while both worked for the station .
Nathan Edwin Brill ( January 3 , 1860 - - December 13 , 1925 ) was an American physician who , while at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City , discovered Brill - Zinsser disease ( or , often , simply Brill 's disease ) , a type of recurrent typhus .
Rolande Falcinelli died on June 11 , 2006 , at age 86 , in Pau , France .
Günter Kießling died in Rendsburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , on 28 August 2009 .
Ramakrushna Nanda ( 15 February 1906 -- 28 October 1994 ) of Bairoi , Cuttack , Odisha , India , was an author of children 's literature .
Bernardino Verro ( Corleone , July 3 , 1866 -- Corleone , November 3 , 1915 ) was a Sicilian syndicalist and politician .
Jean - François Séguier ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɑ̃ fʁɑ̃swa segje ) ; 25 November 1703 -- 1 September 1784 ) was a French astronomer and botanist from Nîmes .
Charles Soret ( born 23 September 1854 , Geneva , Switzerland ; died 4 April 1904 ) was a Swiss physicist and chemist .
He was the son of the Antwerp monumental mason Elias Claeszoon Pickenoy ( 1565 - -1640 ) and Heijltje Laurens s'Jonge ( 1562 - -1638 ) , who emigrated to Amsterdam before Nicolaes Pickenoy was born .
Aaron Worms was a chief rabbi of Metz and Talmudist ; son of Abraham Aberle ; born July 7 , 1754 , at Geislautern , a small village near Völklingen ( not at Kaiserslautern , as some writers assert ) ; died at Metz , May 2 , 1836 .
Arthur Crabtree ( 29 October 1900 , Shipley , Yorkshire , England -- 15 March 1975 , Worthing , Sussex , England ) was a British cinematographer and film director .
Francesco Sfondrati was born in Cremona on October 26 , 1493 the son of Cremonan patricians Giovanni Battista Sfrondati and Margherita Homodeo .
Lobsang Rampa died in Calgary on 25 January 1981 , at the age of 70 .
Philippe Ebly ( July 29 , 1920 - March 1 , 2014 ) was a Belgian science - fiction and fantasy writer born in Paris ( France ) and died in Liège .
Arconovaldo Bonaccorsi ( Bologna 1898 - -Rome 2 July 1962 ) , was an Italian Fascist soldier , politician and lawyer .
Benno Mengele ( 11 December 1898 in Zwettl , Lower Austria -- 15 September 1971 in Vienna ) was an Austrian electrical engineer .
As the conditions of war prevented a proper diagnosis , Béla Balogh died in 1945 in the hospital of Szentendre .
At the end of November 1797 Ilija Birčanin together with two other ober knezes from Valjevo ( Aleksa Nenadović and Nikola Grbović ) brought Serb forces to Belgrade to support Hadži Mustafa Pasha to fight Janissary forces and forced them to retreat .
Gonzalo de Mendoza ( ? in Baeza , Spain -- 1558 in Asunción , Paraguay ) was a Spanish conquistador and colonizer .
Sherman L. Lowe ( born Salt Lake City , Utah ( or Russia ) , 18 October 1894 ; died 24 Jan 1968 , age 73 , Los Angeles ) was a writer of the Frank Buck serial Jungle Menace .
Yeshayahu Leibowitz ( Hebrew : ישעיהו ליבוביץ‎‎ ; 29 January 1903 -- 18 August 1994 ) was an Israeli Jewish public intellectual , professor of biochemistry , organic chemistry and neurophysiology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a polymath known for his outspoken opinions on Judaism , ethics , religion and politics .
Zvest Apollonio ( 15 May 1935 , in Capodistria -- 25 March 2009 , in Bertoki ) was a Slovenian painter and scenographer .
Madeleine Barot ( 4 July 1909 , Châteauroux - 28 December 1995 , Paris ) was a French activist and theologian , who was influential in Protestant , humanist , and human rights movements .
August Ludwig Schott was a lawyer , solicitor and professor for law in Tübingen and later court counselor in Erlangen .
Federico Agnelli ( 1626 - -1702 ) was an Italian intaglio printer , engraver and typographer , active in Milan .
Christian Ludwig Boxberg ( Sondershausen 24 April 1670 -- Görlitz 1 December 1729 ) was a German composer and organist .
Timothy Pitkin ( January 21 , 1766 in Farmington , Connecticut -- December 18 , 1847 in New Haven , Connecticut ) was an American lawyer , politician , and historian .
Sara Ashurbeyli , sometimes known as Sara Ashurbayli ( Azerbaijani : Sara Balabəy qızı Aşurbəyli ) , ( 27 January 1906 -- 17 July 2001 in Baku ) was an eminent Azerbaijani historian , orientalist and scholar .
Elena Clara Antonia Carrara Spinelli ( b. 13 March 1814 , Bergamo -- d. 13 July 1886 , Milan , of meningitis ) was an Italian woman of letters and backer of the Risorgimento , usually known by her married name of countess Clara Maffei or Chiarina Maffei .
Gershon Agron ( 1894 - -1959 ) was an Israeli newspaper editor and mayor of Jerusalem 1955 - -1959 .
Geert van Wou ( 1440 , Hintham -- December 1527 , Kampen ) was a well - known Dutch bellfounder .
His father , also named Ferdinand Rebay ( 1851 - -1914 ) , was an Austrian singer , writer , and composer , and was partner with Adolf Robitschek in the Vienna publishing firm Rebay & Robitschek .
Kristiaan Reuder or Christian Reder ( 1656 -- 1729 ) was a German painter who travelled to Rome .
Albert William Stevens ( March 13 , 1886 -- March 26 , 1949 in Redwood City , California ) was an officer in the United States Army Air Corps , balloonist and aerial photographer .
Karl Anders died in 1997 at Dreieich , on the south side of Frankfurt am Main , and to the north of Darmstadt .
Domenico Sandrini ( born Cercino , February 8 , 1883 -- died Cercino , September 29 , 1973 ) was an early Italian cross - country skier , Nordic combined skier , and ski jumper .
Franco Alfano ( Posillipo , Naples , 8 March 1875 -- Sanremo , 27 October 1954 ) was an Italian composer and pianist .
Camillus Costanzo SJ ( Bovalino Superiore , 1571 -- Hirado , Japan 15 September 1622 ) was an Italian soldier , law student and Jesuit missionary in Japan .
Francisco Gregorio Billini Aristi ( May 25 , 1844 - November 28 , 1898 in Santo Domingo ) was a Dominican writer , pedagogue , and politician .
Nicolás Suárez Callaú ( 1851 in Portachuelo -- 1940 in Cachuela Esperanza ) set up a multinational rubber empire in South America at the beginning of the 20th century .
From 1870 until his death in New York City , aged 72 , Francis Lieber served as a diplomatic negotiator between the United States and Mexico .
André Dumortier ( 1 October 1910 , in Comines , Belgium -- 3 September 2004 , in Tournai ) was a Belgian pianist .
Pál Kadosa ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈpaːl ˈkɒdoʃɒ ) ; 6 September 1903 , Léva , Austria - Hungary ( now Levice , Slovakia ) -- 30 March 1983 , Budapest ) was a pianist and Hungarian composer of the post - Bartók generation .
Fernando Valenti ( New York , New York , 4 December 1926 - Red Bank , New Jersey , 6 September 1990 ) was an American harpsichordist .
Prince Pyotr Dmitriyevich Dolgorukov ( 1866 in Tsarskoye Selo -- 1951 in Vladimir ) was Russian liberal politician .
Iswadi Idris ( 18 March 1948 , Banda Aceh , Aceh -- 11 July 2008 , Jakarta ) was an Indonesian footballer .
Arthur O'Sullivan died at Our Lady 's Hospice , Harolds Cross in Dublin , at the age of 69 .
Saint Conan ( 7th century -- January , 684 ) , also rarely known as Saint Mochonna , was a bishop of the Isle of Man and an Irish missionary .
Dr. Alfred Carl Toepfer ( 13 July 1894 in Hamburg -- 8 October 1993 in Hamburg ) was a German entrepreneur , owner of the company Toepfer International and founder of the Alfred Toepfer Foundation .
Jacob Savery ( also Jacob Maertensz . Saverij and Jacques Savery ) ( 1566 - -1603 ) , ( Kortrijk , ca 1565 - buried Amsterdam , April 23 , 1603 ) was a Flemish - born and trained painter , etcher and draughtsman who was active in the Dutch Republic after 1584 .
Simplician ( Latin : Simplicianus ; Italian : Simpliciano ) was Bishop of Milan from 397 to 400 or 401 AD .
Albert Fonó ( born 2 July 1881 in Budapest , d. 21 November 1972 in Budapest ) , a successful Hungarian mechanical engineer who was one of the early pioneers of turbojet and ramjet propulsion and was first to patent a ramjet engine in 1928 , ( granted in 1932 ) .
Inger Jacobsen ( 13 October 1923 in Oslo -- 21 July 1996 in Oslo ) was a Norwegian singer and actress , known internationally for her participation in the 1962 Eurovision Song Contest .
Pieter Verhoek ( 1633 , Bodegraven -- 1702 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age poet and painter .
Isaac Noah Mannheimer ( October 17 , 1793 , Copenhagen -- March 17 , 1865 , Vienna ) was a Jewish preacher .
John Arbuthnot ( baptised 29 April 1667 -- 27 February 1735 ) , often known simply as Dr Arbuthnot , was a Scottish physician , satirist and polymath in London .
Julius von Voss ( August 24 , 1768 , Brandenburg an der Havel , Prussia -- November 1 , 1832 Berlin ) was a German author .
Emil Trinkler ( 19 May 1896 , Bremen - 19 April 1931 , Bremen ) was a German geographer , explorer of Asia .
George Safford Parker ( November 1 , 1863 in Shullsburg , Wisconsin -- July 19 , 1937 in Chicago , Illinois ) was an American inventor and industrialist .
Edward Arthur Walton ( 15 April 1860 in Glanderston House , Barrhead , Renfrewshire -- 18 March 1922 in Edinburgh ) was a Scottish painter of landscapes and portraits , associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting .
Cesare I Gonzaga ( 1530 -- February 15 , 1575 ) was count of Guastalla from 1557 until his death .
Gaston Thierry ( born 17 July 1866 in Munich , † 16 September 1904 near Mubi ) was a German officer and civil servant in Togo and Cameroon .
Lim Cheng Hoe ( Chinese : 林清河 ; pinyin : Lín Qīnghé ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Lîm Tshing - hô ) was a watercolourist recognized as one of the key pioneer artists in Singapore , along with his peers like Cheong Soo Pieng and Chen Chong Swee .
Nikolaus Federmann ( Spanish : Nicolás de Federmán ) ( born c. 1505 in Ulm -- died February 1542 in Valladolid ) was a German adventurer and conquistador in the colonies of Venezuela and Colombia .
Salomon Jadassohn ( 13 August 1831 , Breslau -- 1 February 1902 , Leipzig ) was a German pianist , composer and a renowned teacher of piano and composition at the Leipzig Conservatory .
Joseph Melling ( 27 December 1724 , Saint - Avold - 23 December 1796 , Strasbourg ) was an Alsatian artist who served as court painter for the Margraviate of Baden at Karlsruhe Palace .
Armen Kouptsios ( Greek : Άρμεν Κούπτσιος , Bulgarian / Macedonian : Армен Купциос ) was born in Volakas ( municipality of Kato Nevrokopi , Drama regional unit ) , in 1885 .
Richard Teichmann ( 24 December 1868 in Lehnitzsch bei Altenburg , Thuringia -- 15 June 1925 in Berlin ) was a German chess master .
Anatole Bailly ( French : ( bɑji ) ; Orléans , 16 December 1833 -- 12 December 1911 , Orléans ) was a French Hellenist , author of the famous Dictionnaire grec - français ( Greek - French Dictionary ) , published in 1895 .
Estevan Antonio Fuertes ( May 10 , 1838 San Juan , Puerto Rico - January 16 , 1903 Ithaca , New York ) was a Puerto Rican - American civil engineer .
Luise Begas - Parmentier ( 15 April 1850 or 1843 , Vienna - 11 February 1920 , Berlin ) was an Austrian - German landscape / architecture painter and Salonière .
József Eisenhoffer , also known as József Aczél , ( born 8 November 1900 in Budapest , Hungary ; died 13 November 1945 ) was a Hungarian football ( soccer ) player who could play equally well as an inside or outside left as well as left half .
Ernest Johann Nepomuk ( 20 April 1731 -- 17 March 1788 ) , Imperial Count von Herberstein , was the first bishop of the diocese of Linz from 1785 to 1788 .
Franz Joseph Lauth ( 18 February 1822 , Landau , Germany - 11 February 1895 , Munich ) , was a German Egyptologist .
Gaetano Polidori ( 1764 - -1853 ) was an Italian writer and scholar living in London .
Joseph Gregor ( * 26 October 1888 Czernowitz -- 12 October 1960 Vienna ) was an Austrian writer , theatre historian and librettist .
Jesse Edwards was the founder of Newberg , Oregon , United States .
Alan Coren was born in Southgate , North London , in 1938 , the son of a plumber and a hairdresser .
Emin Sabitoglu ( Azerbaijani : Emin Sabitoğlu , real name Emin Sabit oglu Mahmudov Azerbaijani : Emin Sabit oğlu Mahmudov ; 2.11.1937 , Baku -- 18.11.2000 , Baku ) was an Azerbaijani composer , author of a lot of well - known Azerbaijani songs and music for films .
Salomon Sulzer ( Hebrew : סלומון זולצר‎ , March 30 , 1804 , Hohenems , Vorarlberg - January 17 , 1890 , Vienna ) was an Austrian hazzan ( cantor ) and composer .
Hermann Friedrich Kohlbrugge , or Kohlbrügge ( August 15 , 1803 , Amsterdam - March 5 , 1875 , Elberfeld ) was a Dutch ( German father ) minister .
Franz Marszalek ( born August 2 , 1900 in then Breslau , Schlesien , Germany , now Wrocław , Silesia , Polen ; died October 28 , 1975 in Cologne , Germany ) was a German conductor and composer , who was a leading figure in operetta .
José Benito Barros or simply José Barros ( March 21 , 1915 in El Banco , Magdalena -- May 12 , 2007 in Santa Marta , Magdalena ) was a Colombian musician , composer of more than 800 songs in the musical genres of cumbia , porro , merengue , currulao , paseo , bolero and tango .
Erminio Criscione ( December 3 , 1955 - March 9 , 1992 ) was an Italian mass murderer who killed six people and wounded six others in three villages near Lugano , Switzerland on March 4 , 1992 .
Simon de Vries or Simon Frisius ( 1570 - -75 in Harlingen -- 1628/29 in The Hague ) , was a Dutch engraver .
Hypereides fled to Aegina only to be captured at the temple of Poseidon .
Erhard Altdorfer ( sometimes Erhart Aldorfer ) ( c. 1480 - -1561 ) was a German Early Renaissance printmaker , painter , and architect , who worked as a court painter in Schwerin from 1512 until his death in 1561 .
Hendrik Frans Verbrugghen or Hendrik Frans Verbruggen ( alternative first names : Hendrik Fransiscus , Henricus - Franciscus and Frans ) ( Antwerp , April 30 , 1654 -- Antwerp , December 12 , 1724 ) was a Flemish sculptor and draftsman , who is best known for his Baroque church furniture in various Belgian churches .
Louis - Martin Berthault died at Tours on 16 August 1823 .
Karim Fakhrawi was a Persian Shi'ite Muslim ( Ajam ) who lived in Manama .
Étienne Boileau ( French pronunciation : ​(etjɛn bwalo ) ) ( 1200 or 1210 -- April 1270 ) was one of the first known provosts of Paris .
Ahmet Derviş also known as Derviş Bey or Derviş Pasha ( 1881 , Yenidje - Vardar ( Giannitsa ) , Salonica Vilayet -- January 17 , 1932 , Istanbul ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army .
Scudder Klyce ( born November 7 , 1879 in Friendship , Tennessee ; died January 28 , 1933 in Winchester , Massachusetts ) was an American philosopher , scientist and naval officer .
Sir Palmes Fairborne ( 1644 - -27 October 1680 ) was an English soldier and Governor of Tangier .
Gino Pollini ( 19 January 1903 in Rovereto -- 25 Jan 1991 in Milan ) was an Italian architect .
William McKenzie Morrison ( 1857 - -1921 ) was an American photographer best known for photographs of theater performers in Chicago , Illinois .
Émile Amélineau ( 1850 -- 12 January 1915 at Châteaudun ) was a French Coptologist , archaeologist and Egyptologist .
Andrzej Grubba ( May 14 , 1958 in Brzeźno Wielkie -- July 21 , 2005 in Sopot ) was a Polish table tennis player .
Salem bin Laden died on May 29 , 1988 when he accidentally drifted into high voltage electrical power lines adjacent to the Kitty Hawk Field of Dreams Ultra - Lite Flying Field at the edge of Schertz , a northeastern San Antonio suburb .
In late 1942 , at the age of 81 , Karl Herxheimer was taken to the Theresienstadt concentration camp where he died .
He was the son of educator Thomas Sherwin , master of the English High School of Boston .
Alessandro Fantini ( Fossacesia , 1 January 1932 -- Trier , West - Germany , 5 May 1961 ) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Sir Paul Rycaut FRS ( 23 December 1629 , in London -- 16 November 1700 , in Hamburg ) was a British diplomat and historian , and authority on the Ottoman Empire .
The French architect Étienne Laclotte ( 1728 -- 1812 ) designed numerous hôtels particuliers in Bordeaux .
William Candidus ( born in Philadelphia , 23 July 1840 ; died in Frankfurt am Main , April 1910 ) was a United States opera singer .
Brett King ( Bertell King ; December 29 , 1920 in Ocean Beach , New York -- January 14 , 1999 in Palm Beach , Florida ) was from 1949 to 1967 an American actor of film and television , including westerns .
Ursula van Beckum née Ursula von Werdum ( before 1520 -- 13 November 1544 ) was a Dutch Anabaptist noblewoman who was burned at the stake for heresy in Delden , the Netherlands .
Richard Nelson Mason ( 26 June 1876 - -22 November 1940 ) was a prominent American educator and businessperson in Washington , D.C. Mason was a great - great - grandson of Founding Father of the United States George Mason and his wife Ann Eilbeck .
Hanns Benda died on 27 February 1951 , in Malente , Schleswig - Holstein .
Karel Miry ( 14 August 1823 Ghent - 3 October 1889 Ghent ) was a Belgian composer .
Strauss ' musical career was pervaded with rivalry not only from his brothers , but also from the military bandmaster and dance music composer Karl Michael Ziehrer , who even formed a rival orchestra called `` Formerly Eduard Strauss Orchestra '' , and began giving concerts in Vienna under this new title .
Karl Hermann Martell ( born November 17 , 1906 in Tilsit ; died December 28 , 1966 in Hamburg ) was a German actor .
Jacques - Édouard Gatteaux ( 4 November 1788 , Paris - 9 February 1881 , Paris ) was a French sculptor and medal engraver .
Moissaye Marans ( October 11 , 1902 Kishinev , Russian Empire - 1977 New York City ) was an American sculptor .
According to Procopius , Tzazo landed at Cagliari and immediately captured the city , killing Godas and the soldiers with him .
The Gottlieb Duttweiler Institute in Rüschlikon was founded after his death .
Fred Yates was born in Urmston , Lancashire , England in 1922 .
Nicholas Cooke ( 1717 - -1782 ) was a governor of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations during the American Revolutionary War , and after Rhode Island became a state , he continued in this position to become the first Governor of the State of Rhode Island .
Christian Friedrich Schwan ( 12 December 1733 , Prenzlau - 29 June 1815 , Heidelberg ) was a German publisher and bookseller .
Karel Purkyně ( 15 March 1834 , Wrocław -- 5 April 1868 , Prague ) was a painter in the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Otto Friedrich Bollnow ( German : ( ˈbɔlnoː ) ; 14 March 1903 in Stettin -- 7 February 1991 in Tübingen ) was a German philosopher and teacher .
Eric Chekoloka died following an illness on 16 December 2013 at his home in Luangwa , Zambia .
Louis - Marie Prudhomme , ( 1752 , Lyon , France - April 20 , 1830 , Paris , France ) was a French journalist and historian .
Dámaso Antonio Larrañaga ( Montevideo , 10 December 1771 -- 6 February 1848 ) was a Uruguayan priest , naturalist and botanist .
Pasquier Grenier ( 1447 - -1493 ) , was a Flemish tapestry weaver who kept a workshop in Tournai .
Lisa Morpurgo Dordoni ( Soncino ( CR ) , 19 May 1923 - Milan , 9 May 1998 ) was a writer and astrologer .
Isabel Bruce ( Isabella de Brus or Isobail a Brus , or Isabella Robertsdotter Brus ) ( c. 1272 Carrick , Scotland -- 1358 , Bergen , Norway ) was a Queen consort of Norway , married to King Eric II .
Elisabeth Young - Bruehl ( March 3 , 1946 -- December 1 , 2011 ) , born Elisabeth Bulkley Young , was an American academic and psychotherapist , who from 2007 until her death had resided in Toronto , Canada .
Otto Dempwolff ( 25 May 1871 , Pillau , Province of Prussia -- 27 November 1938 , Hamburg ) was a German linguist and anthropologist who wrote about Austronesian languages .
Josef von Halban ( 10 October 1870 , Vienna -- 23 April 1937 , Vienna ) was an Austrian obstetrician and gynecologist .
Johannes de Graaff ( 1729 - -1813 ) , also referred to as Johannis de Graeff in some documents , was a Dutch Governor of Sint Eustatius , Saba and Sint Maarten in the Netherlands Antilles during the difficult time of the American Revolutionary War .
Kurt Weinzierl ( 15 April 1931 in Innsbruck , Austria -- 10 October 2008 in Munich , Germany ) was an Austrian television actor .
Tito Vanzetti ( 1809 , Venice - 1888 , Padua ) was a famous surgeon and professor of medicine of the 19th century .
Pedro de Merelim was a pseudonym of the Portuguese historian and ethnographer Joaquim Gomes da Cunha ( 1913 in São Pedro de Merelim , Portugal -- 2002 in Angra do Heroísmo , Azores ) .
Cornelia Connelly died on 18 April 1879 , at St Leonards - on - Sea , Sussex , where she had established a school .
Nicolas Zverev ( or Zvereff ; Russian : Николай Матвеевич Зверев ; 1887 , Moscow - 24 July 1965 Saint - Raphaël ) was a Russian - French dancer and ballet master .
François Mansart was born to a master carpenter in Paris .
Charles Hiram Randall ( July 23 , 1865 -- February 18 , 1951 ) , known as Charles Randall , was a member of the U.S. Congress , the California State Assembly and the Los Angeles City Council in the 20th Century .
Pieter Anton Tiele ( 18 January 1834 , Leiden - 22 January 1889 , Utrecht ) was for many years as the librarian of Utrecht University .
Ippolito Buzzi ( or Buzio ) ( 1562 - -1634 ) was an Italian sculptor from Viggiù , near Varese , in northernmost Lombardy , a member of a long - established dynasty of painters , sculptors and architects from the town , who passed his mature career in Rome .
Macklyn Arbuckle died on April 1 , 1931 , in Waddington , New York , aged 64 .
The son of Ransford Watson and Susan Mohr , Homer Watson was born on January 14 , 1855 in the village of Doon ( now part of Kitchener ) , Ontario .
Hinrich Lohse was born in the town of Mühlenbarbek in Province of Schleswig - Holstein .
Francesco Sozzi ( 26 October 1732 -- 1795 ) was an Italian painter , active in style characteristic of the Rococo period in Palermo .
Konon Molody was born in Moscow in 1922 , the son of a scientist .
Cesare Zerba was born in Castelnuovo Scrivia , and studied at the seminaries in Stazzano and Tortona , the Pontifical Roman Athenaeum S. Apollinare in Rome , and the University of Pavia .
Matilda Betham - Edwards ( March 4 , 1836 , Westerfield , Ipswich -- January 4 , 1919 , Hastings ) was an English novelist , travel writer and Francophile , and also a prolific poet .
Emil Schorsch ( born January 12 , 1899 in Hüngheim , Germany ; died 1982 in Vineland ( New Jersey ) ) was a German Rabbi .
Alfred Wilhelm Stelzner ( 20 December 1840 , Dresden -- 25 February 1895 , Wiesbaden ) was a German geologist .
At the age of 13 , Latif Kapadia migrated to Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
David Henry Hickman was a businessman , educator , and legislator from Columbia , Missouri , United States .
Luigi Sacco ( 1 August 1883 in Alba -- 5 December 1970 in Rome ) was an Italian general and cryptanalyst .
Qoussai Emad el - Khawalda died of asphyxiation on 24 November 2013 , aged 19 , in his hometown of Amman .
Pierre Edmond Boissier ( 25 May 1810 Geneva - 25 September 1885 Valeyres - sous - Rances ) was a Swiss botanist , explorer and mathematician .
Alberto Rabagliati ( Milan , 27 June 1906 -- Rome , 8 March 1974 ) was an Italian singer .
Otto Wilhelm Madelung ( May 15 , 1846 , Gotha -- July 22 , 1926 , Göttingen ) was a German surgeon who was a native of Gotha .
Joseph Projectus Machebeuf ( August 11 , 1812 -- July 10 , 1889 ) was a French Roman Catholic missionary and the first Bishop of Denver .
Eberhard III , Duke of Württemberg ( 16 December 1614 in Stuttgart -- 2 July 1674 in Stuttgart ) ruled as Duke of Württemberg from 1628 until his death in 1674 .
Heinz Friedrich Hartig ( September 10 , 1907 in Kassel -- September 16 , 1969 in Berlin ) was a German composer and harpsichordist .
William E. Corbin was the inventor of Nibroc paper towels and was the mayor of the city of Berlin , New Hampshire ( 1931 - -1932 ) .
Antonio Díaz - Miguel ( July 6 , 1933 in Alcázar de San Juan , Ciudad Real , Spain -- February 21 , 2000 in Madrid , Spain ) was a Spanish professional basketball coach .
Frederic Hale Parkhurst ( November 5 , 1864 in Bangor , Maine -- January 31 , 1921 in Augusta , Maine ) was an American politician .
Jorge Juan y Santacilia ( Novelda ( Alacant ) , January 5 , 1713 -- Madrid , June 21 , 1773 ) was a Spanish mathematician , scientist , naval officer , and mariner .
Hans Heinrich Schaeder ( * 31 . January 1896 in Göttingen ; † 13 . March 1957 ) was a German orientalist and Iranologist .
Oskar Kallis ( Tallinn , November 23 , 1892 - Yalta , 1 January 1918 ) was one of the main representatives of the Estonian national romanticism .
Nicolas Métru ( ca . 1610 in Bar - sur - Aube -- 1668 Paris ) was a French organist , viol player , and composer of pieces for viol and airs .
Diogo de Gouveia ( c. 1471 , Beja - 8 December 1557 , Lisbon ) , known as Diogo de Gouveia , the Elder to distinguish him from contemporary homonyms such as his nephew , was a leading Portuguese teacher , theologian , diplomat and humanist during the Renaissance .
Miñnullin Tufan Ğabdulla ulı aka Tufan Miñnullin ( tuˈfɑn miˈŋnulin ) ( Tatar : Туфан Габдулла улы Миңнуллин , Russian : Миннулин Туфан Абдуллович , Minnulin Tufan Abdullovich ) was a famous Tatar writer , playwright , publicist , Tatarstan State Council deputy and honorary citizen of Kazan .
Benoni Moore ( April 14 , 1669 in Sudbury , Massachusetts -- November 18 , 1753 in Northfield , Massachusetts ) was a politician , soldier , and wealthy landowner in Massachusetts .
Erhard von Appenweiler ( d. 1471 or 1472 ) was a 15th - century Basel chronicler and cleric .
Kurt Lück ( b. December 28 , 1900 in Kolmar ( today Chodzież ) , Province of Poznan , d. March 5 , 1942 near Orsha , Belarus ) - German historian , ethnographer , an activist minority in Poland and Lieutenant Colonel in the body of SS officers , doctor of philosophical sciences .
Burt Bales ( April 20 , 1917 , Stevensville , Montana - October 26 , 1989 , San Francisco ) was an American jazz stride pianist .
Luis Fernández de Córdova ( or Córdoba ) ( San Fernando , Cádiz , August 2 , 1798 -- Lisbon , April 22 , 1840 ) was a Spanish military general , diplomat and first Marquis of Mendigorria .
Anne Froelick Taylor died of natural causes on January 26 , 2010 , aged 96 , in a nursing home in Los Angeles .
Gurdev Singh Debu was born on July 15 , 1961 in village Dheerpur ( aka Dhirpur ) , Jalandhar .
Jean Baptiste Bourguignon d'Anville ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɑ̃ batist buʁgiɲɔ̃ dɑ̃vil ) ; born in Paris July 11 , 1697 -- January 28 , 1782 ) , was both a geographer and cartographer who greatly improved the standards of map - making .
Julius Guttmann ( Hebrew : יוליוס גוטמן ) , born Yitzchak Guttmann ( April 15 , 1880 in Hildesheim -- May 19 , 1950 in Jerusalem ) , was a German - born rabbi , Jewish theologian , and philosopher of religion .
Admiral Charles Powell Hamilton died at Fir Hill , near Droxford , Hampshire on 12 March 1825 , at the age of 77 .
Edward Asahel Birge , Ph.D. ( September 7 , 1851 -- June 9 , 1950 ) was a professor and administrator at the University of Wisconsin--
Sir Brook Watson , 1st Baronet ( 7 February 1735 -- 2 October 1807 ) was a British merchant , soldier , and later Lord Mayor of London .
Bertram Schmiterlöw ( 20 January 1920 , Karlskrona--28 December 2002 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish painter , printmaker , draughtsman and sculptor .
Andrea Fantoni ( 1659 - -1734 ) was an Italian sculptor and woodcarver of the late - Baroque period , active in the region near Bergamo .
Francis David Millet Brown died on 21 November 1895 , aged 58 , from undisclosed causes , in Sandown , Isle of Wight and was buried in Winchester Cemetery , after a service at Winchester Cathedral .
Vicente Pérez Rosales ( Santiago , April 5 , 1807 -- September 6 , 1886 ) was a politician , traveller , merchant , miner and Chilean diplomat that organized the colonization by Germans and Chileans of the Llanquihue area .
Nikolaos Doxaras ( Greek : Νικόλαος Δοξαράς ; 1706/10 in Kalamata -- 2 March 1775 in Zakynthos ) was a Greek painter of the Heptanese School , born in the Ionian islands .
Dr. Emilio Villanueva Peñaranda ( 28 November 1882 , in La Paz , Bolivia -- 14 Mai 1970 , in La Paz , Bolivia ) was a revolutionary Bolivian architect .
Marcel - Henri Jaspar ( Schaerbeek , 23 June 1901 - Ixelles , 14 May 1982 ) , was a Belgian lawyer and Liberal politician .
Alfonso Carlos Comín Ros ( 1933 in Zaragoza -- 23 July 1980 in Barcelona ) was a Spanish industrial engineer , politician , and polygraph who carried out his work in Catalonia .
Olga Desmond ( born Olga Sellin 2 November 1890 in Allenstein in East Prussia ( now Olsztyn , Poland ) ; died 2 August 1964 in Berlin ) was a German dancer and actress .
Ram Soloukhin ( Russian : Солоухин Рем Иванович , 19 November 1930 , Gus - Khrustalny ( town ) -- 6 January 1988 , Minsk ) - was a Soviet scientist , specializing in physics and mechanics fields .
Crato Bütner ( Sonneberg , 1616 - -1679 ) was a German Baroque composer who was kantor and organist in Danzig ( Polish : Gdańsk ) , first at the hospital church of St Salvator , then at Gdańsk 's oldest church , St Catherine 's .
Michel Auguste Martin Agénor Azéma de Montgravier ( 28 October 1805 , Béziers -- 14 September 1863 , Montpellier ) was a French archaeologist and soldier .
Edward F. Burns , Jr. ( born January 28 , 1931 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Jānis Pujats ( born 14 November 1930 ) is the archbishop emeritus of Riga , Latvia , and a Cardinal .
Saint Castor of Apt ( died ca . 420 ) was a bishop of Apt , bishop during Gaul .
Gilbert Marie Michel Méranville ( 4 February 1936 ) is the Roman Catholic archbishop emeritus of the Archdiocese of Fort - de - France in Martinique .
Frank A. Cady ( December 31 , 1858 - March 30 , 1904 ) was an American lawyer , real estate dealer and politician from Marshfield , Wisconsin who served as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , representing Wood County from 1901 - 1904 .
Abdurrahman Wahid , born Abdurrahman ad - Dakhil ( pronunciation ahb - doo - RAH - mahn wah - HEED ; 7 September 1940 -- 30 December 2009 ) , colloquially known as Gus Dur , was an Indonesian Muslim religious and political leader who served as the President of Indonesia from 1999 to 2001 .
Sabás Magaña García ( January 24 , 1921 in Morelia , Michoacán , Mexico - November 7 , 1990 ) was the bishop of the diocese of Matamoros , chosen by Pope Paul VI on December 30 , 1968 and receiving consecration in Rome on January 6 , 1969 .
Johann von Eych ( died 1464 ) was a German Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Aeneas of Paris ( died December 27 , 870 ) was bishop of Paris from 858 to 870 .
Jack Cera is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 95th district .
Robert Spendlove is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 49 since January 9 , 2014 .
James Hamilton , 1st Duke of Abercorn , KG , PC ( 21 January 1811 -- 31 October 1885 ) , styled Viscount Hamilton from 1814 to 1818 and the Marquess of Abercorn from 1818 to 1868 , was a British Conservative politician and statesman who twice served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .
Franjo Kuharić ( 15 April 1919 -- 11 March 2002 ) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Paul Henry Walsh ( August 17 , 1937 -- October 18 , 2014 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Rockville Centre , New York from 2003 to 2012 .
Jennifer Stoddart ( born 1949 ) was the sixth Privacy Commissioner of Canada .
Zakaria Mohieddin ( 5 July 1918 -- 15 May 2012 ) ( Arabic : زكريا محيى الدين‎ , IPA : ( zækæˈɾejjæ ˈmoħj edˈdiːn ) ) was an Egyptian military officer , politician , Prime Minister of Egypt and head of the first Intelligence body in Egypt , the Egyptian General Intelligence Directorate .
Eduardo Francisco Pironio ( 3 December 1920 -- 5 February 1998 ) was an Argentine Roman Catholic cardinal who served in numerous departments of the Roman Curia in addition to his post as the Cardinal - Bishop of Sabina - Poggio .
Antonín Zápotocký ( 19 December 1884 -- 13 November 1957 ) was communist Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia from 1948 to 1953 and President of Czechoslovakia from 1953 to 1957 .
Epaphroditus Ransom ( March 24 , 1798 -- November 11 , 1859 ) was the seventh Governor of Michigan and Michigan Supreme Court justice from the U.S. state of Michigan .
Alan G. Hevesi ( born January 31 , 1940 ) is a Democratic politician who served as a New York State Assemblyman from 1971 to 1993 , as New York City Comptroller from 1994 to 2001 , and as New York State Comptroller from 2003 to 2006 .
Vladislav Ardzinba ( Abkhaz : Владислав Арӡынба , Georgian : ვლადისლავ არძინბა ; 14 May 1945 -- 4 March 2010 ) was the first de facto President of Abkhazia .
Frank Kell Cahoon , Sr . ( June 20 , 1934 -- January 30 , 2013 ) , was an oilman and natural gas entrepreneur from Midland , Texas , who was the only Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives in the regular 1965 legislative session .
Daniel François Malan ( Afrikaans pronunciation : ( ˈdɑːnijəl frɐnˈswɑː mɑːˈlɐn ) ; 22 May 1874 -- 7 February 1959 ) , more commonly known as D. F. Malan , was a South African politician who was the Prime Minister of South Africa from 1948 to 1954 .
Thomas Arundel ( 1353 -- 19 February 1414 ) was Archbishop of Canterbury in 1397 and from 1399 until his death , an outspoken opponent of the Lollards .
Gabriel Bouvery ( died 1572 ) was a French bishop of Angers , successor to Jean V Olivier who died 12 April 1540 .
Juan Bautista Egusquiza Isasi ( 25 August 1845 , Asunción -- 24 August 1902 ) was President of Paraguay 25 November 1894 -- 25 November 1898 .
Arthur Pue Gorman ( March 11 , 1839 -- June 4 , 1906 ) was a United States Senator from Maryland , serving from 1881 to 1899 and from 1903 to 1906 .
Juan Bautista Pérez ( 20 December 1869 -- 7 May 1952 ) , was a Venezuelan lawyer , magistrate , and politician who served as President of Venezuela between 1929 until 1931 .
John Leigh Dardenne , Jr. , known as Jay Dardenne ( born February 6 , 1954 ) , served as the 53rd Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana , from 2010 to 2016 .
Dr. Gabriel Terra Leivas ( August 1 , 1873 -- September 15 , 1942 ) was the President of Uruguay from 1931 to 1938 .
Samuel David Ferguson ( January 1 , 1842 -- August 2 , 1916 ) was the first Black person to be elected a bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Francis Tukey ( 1814 - November 27 , 1867 ) was the City Marshal of Boston , Massachusetts from 1846 to 1852 and a member of the California State Assembly .
Hōjō Tsunetoki ( 北条 経時 , 1224 -- May 17 , 1246 ) was the fourth Shikken ( 1242 - -1246 ) of the Kamakura shogunate .
Agostino Falivene born from Giffoni Valle Piana in the province of Salerno , of the Order of the Servants of Maria , was Roman Catholic bishop of the island of Capri from the 25 September 1528 to the 24 April 1534 in that Pope Paul III transfers it to the island of Ischia where he died in 1548 .
Jimmie Lou Fisher ( born December 31 , 1941 ) is the longest serving Arkansas State Treasurer in Arkansas history , grew up in Paragould , Arkansas .
Samuel Albert LeBlanc , III , known as Sam A. LeBlanc , III ( born November 12 , 1938 ) , is a lawyer from St. Francisville in West Feliciana Parish , Louisiana , who is a Democratic former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 86 in Jefferson and Orleans parishes .
Joseph A. Presel is an American diplomat and the former United States Ambassador to Uzbekistan .
Joan Maetsuycker ( 14 October 1606 -- 24 January 1678 ) was the Governor of Zeylan during the Dutch period in Ceylon and Governor - General of the Dutch East Indies from 1653 to 1678 .
Hans Göran Persson ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈʝœːran ˈpæːʂɔn ) ; born 20 January 1949 ) served as Prime Minister of Sweden from 1996 to 2006 and was leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party from 1996 to 2007 .
William T. Bonniwell , Jr. was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , the Minnesota Senate and the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Sebkay ( alternatively Sebekay or Sebekāi ) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh during the Second Intermediate Period , likely belonging to the 13th Dynasty .
Having studied law at Paris , John of Flanders was Bishop of Metz in 1280 - -1282 , then Prince - bishop of Liège in 1282 - -1291 .
Llewelyn Sherman Adams ( January 8 , 1899 -- October 27 , 1986 ) was an American politician , best known as White House Chief of Staff for President Dwight D. Eisenhower , the culmination of an 18-year political career that also included a stint as Governor of New Hampshire .
Nika Gilauri ( Georgian : ნიკოლოზ ( ნიკა ) გილაური , pronounced ( nikʼa ɡilauri ) ; born 14 February 1975 ) is a Georgian politician who was Prime Minister of Georgia from 6 February 2009 to 30 June 2012 .
Spencer Jarnagin ( 1792 -- June 25 , 1853 ) was a United States Senator from Tennessee from 1843 to 1847 .
Sultan Hashim Jalilul Alam Aqamaddin was the 26th Sultan of Brunei .
Abiram Chamberlain ( December 7 , 1837 -- May 15 , 1911 ) was an American politician , and the 60th Governor of Connecticut from 1903 to 1905 .
Many of them afterwards attained high positions in the Church ; one possible student , Anselm of Badagio , became pope under the title of Alexander II ; another , Anselm of Bec succeeded Lanfranc as the Archbishop of Canterbury .
In 2001 Martin William Currie became a bishop :
Heinrich Förster ( 1800 - 1881 ) was a German Roman Catholic bishop who was deposed during the Kulturkampf in Germany .
Vladimir Karalić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Bлaдимиp Kapaлић , born 22 March 1984 in Belgrade ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who currently plays for First League of the Republika Srpska club Sloboda Mrkonjić Grad as a forward .
Tommy Keane ( 16 September 1968 -- 28 December 2012 ) was an Irish professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Arthur Stepanyan ( Armenian : Արթուր Ստեփանյան , born on 14 April 1987 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is an Armenian football defender .
Owen Finegan ( born 22 April 1972 in Sydney , Australia ) was an Australian international rugby union player who played as a flanker or lock .
Dominique Casagrande ( born 8 May 1971 in L'Union , Haute - Garonne ) is a French football retired goalkeeper .
Jesper Kristoffersen ( born February 2 , 1984 ) is a former Danish professional football defender .
Lee Seok - hyun ( Hangul : 이석현 ; born 13 June 1990 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for FC Seoul in K League Classic .
Ihor Hordya ( Ukrainian : Ігор Володимирович Гордя ; born 3 April 1988 in Kremenchuk , Poltava Oblast ) is a professional Ukrainian footballer midfielder who is currently playing for PFC Oleksandriya .
Mohd Syamsuri Mustafa ( born 6 February 1981 ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Real Mulia F.C. after signed for the club in 2015 .
Alejandro Carrasco ( born 23 March 1978 ) is a footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Chilean side San Luis de Quillota .
Nicko Williams ( born 24 October 1989 ) is a Grenadian footballer who plays as a defender for Waterhouse F.C ..
Leandro Fleitas ( born 29 December 1983 in Moreno ) is an Argentine football defender currently playing for Club Atlético Douglas Haig .
Nemanja Matić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Матић ; born 1 August 1988 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for English club Chelsea and the Serbia national team as a defensive midfielder .
Micah Hilton ( born 2 October 1985 ) is a football goalkeeper in Montserrat who plays for P.C. United FC .
Marko Kmetec ( born 13 January 1976 in Ptuj ) is a retired Slovenian footballer who played as a forward .
Sílvio César Ferreira Costa ( born 6 March 1970 ) , simply known as Sílvio is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a forward .
Fernando Jorge Fajardo Trías ( born June 3 , 1975 in Montevideo ) , commonly known as Fernando Fajardo , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a right defender for Club Atlético Progreso .
Dobrivoje Trivić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Добривоје Тривић ; born October 26 , 1943 in Ševarice village near Mačvanska Mitrovica -- February 26 , 2013 in Novi Sad ) was a Serbian defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia .
Sean Norman ( born 27 November 1966 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a midfielder for Colchester United .
Brett Skinner ( born June 28 , 1983 ) is a professional Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently with Czech club , Piráti Chomutov of the Czech Extraliga ( Czech ) .
Noé Sissoko ( born 2 June 1983 in Bamako , Mali ) is a Malian footballer playing as a midfielder for Dreux , and has also played in Football League for Notts County .
Mounir El Hamdaoui ( Arabic : منير الحمداوي‎ ) ( born 14 July 1984 ) is a Moroccan - Dutch footballer , who plays as a forward for Umm Salal in the Qatar Stars League .
Daniel Santos Silva or simply Daniel Lovinho ( born January 9 , 1989 in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward .
Siboniso Gumede ( born September 14 , 1985 in Empangeni , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a South African football player who plays as a defender for Bidvest Wits in the Premier Soccer League .
Alejandro Pablo Traversa Machado ( born September 8 , 1974 in Montevideo ) , commonly known as Alejandro Traversa , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a defender .
Aleksandr Andreyevich Volkov ( Russian : Александр Андреевич Волков ; born 23 July 1992 ) is a Russian football goalkeeper .
Marco Franco ( born October 6 , 1991 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a defender for the NASL team , Indy Eleven .
Yang Boyu ( simplified Chinese : 杨博宇 ; traditional Chinese : 楊博宇 ; pinyin : Yáng Bóyǔ ; born 24 June 1989 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese footballer who plays as a defender for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League .
Duje Baković ( born 7 June 1986 ) is a Croatian football defender who most recently played for FK Baku .
Robert Kovač ( Croatian pronunciation : ( rǒbert kǒʋaːt͡ʃ ) ; born 6 April 1974 ) is the assistant coach of the Croatian national football team and a retired Croatian football defender .
Kamil Drygas ( born September 7 , 1991 in Kępno ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Pogoń Szczecin .
Cleverson de Alencar Tobias or simply Cleverson ( born 1 October 1982 ) , is a Brazilian midfielder .
Edu Maurice Edu , Jr. ( born April 18 , 1986 ) is an American soccer player who plays for the Philadelphia Union as a midfielder .
Sigourney Bandjar ( born 18 August 1984 in Paramaribo ) is a Surinamese footballer who most recently played as a defender for Kazakhstan Premier League club Taraz .
Marcelo Rodrigues Alves , known as Marcelo Goianira ( born August 6 , 1980 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Defensive midfielder in Kalloni of Superleague Greece .
Jonathan Ruttens ( born 24 August 1987 in Brussels ) is a Belgian retired football goalkeeper , who last played for Heist in the Belgian Second Division .
Jeremy Tolleson is a retired American defender who played professionally in the United Soccer Leagues .
Sandesh Gadkari ( born 1987 ) is an Indian football player who currently plays as a forward for Mumbai in the I - League .
Jérémy Manzorro ( born 11 November 1991 in Villeurbanne ) is a French footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Cyprus side Anorthosis on loan from Slavia Sofia .
Bayu Mulu ( Amharic : ባዩ ሙሉ ? , Arabic : بايومولو , born 24 September 1978 in Ethiopia ) is an Ethiopian association football midfielder .
Thomas Farnall ( 1874 - -1927 ) , popularly known as Tot Farnall , was an English professional footballer who made 70 appearances in the Football League playing as a wing half for Small Heath and Bradford City .
Romano Scott ( born January 4 , 1985 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder and striker for Premier Soccer League club Engen Santos .
Øystein Neerland ( born 4 February 1964 ) is a former Norwegian football forward , best known for his time in Molde .
Harry Bagge ( 15 September 1896 -- 27 April 1967 ) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Fulham during the 1920s .
Ahmad Ali Jaber ( Arabic : أحمد علي جابر‎ ) ( born 2 August 1982 in Baghdad , Iraq ) is an Iraqi football goalkeeper .
Levan Maghradze ( born 5 December 1977 ) is a football midfielder from Georgia who plays for Enosis Neon Parekklisia in the Cypriot Second Division .
Brian Borrows ( born 20 December 1960 in Liverpool ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender from 1980 until 1999 .
Keri Sanchez ( born December 25 , 1972 in Englewood , Colorado ) , also known as Keri Raygor , is an American former soccer defender who last played for Los Angeles Sol of Women 's Professional Soccer and is a former member of the United States women 's national soccer team .
Heino Enden ( born 13 December 1959 in Tallinn ) is a retired Estonian professional basketball player who played mostly at the power forward position .
Adi Stein is a retired Israeli football midfielder and a football coach .
Diederik Boer ( born 24 September 1980 in Emmeloord , Netherlands ) is a Dutch football player who plays as a goalkeeper .
Cristian Tănase ( born 18 February 1987 in Pitești ) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Turkish club Sivasspor as a midfielder .
Jason Bacashihua ( born September 20 , 1982 ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for HC 05 Banská Bystrica .
Muamer Tanković ( born 22 February 1995 ) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a forward or as a second striker for Dutch club AZ .
Amadou Morou ( born 22 February 1983 ) is a Togolese footballer ( midfielder ) who plays for UKS SMS Łódź in the regionalized Polish Third League .
José Manuel Pesudo Soler ( 11 June 1936 -- 5 December 2003 ) was a Spanish football goalkeeper and coach .
Cyril Bacon is an English former professional footballer who played as a wing half for Leyton Orient , making 118 appearances in the Football League .
Zoran Radosavljević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зopaн Paдocaвљeвић , born 4 July 1968 ) is a retired footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Günter Hermann ( born 5 December 1960 in Rehburg - Loccum , Lower Saxony ) is a retired German footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , mainly with Werder Bremen .
Paul Futcher ( born 25 September 1956 in Chester , England ) is a former professional footballer who had a distinguished career as defender in the English football league , for England under 21s and as manager of several non - league clubs .
Salvatore Pinna ( born 23 August 1975 in Sorso ) is an Italian goalkeeper .
Carlos Fabián Maldonado ( born July 30 , 1963 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a retired professional footballer from Venezuela , who played as a midfielder during his career .
Euclydes Barbosa , best known as Jaú ( December 7 , 1909 , São Paulo -- February 26 , 1988 ) was an association footballer who played in the central defender position .
Anders Börje Salming ( born 17 April 1951 ) , nicknamed `` The King '' , is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman .
Daniel João Alves Faria ( born 29 March 1987 in Braga ) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a right back or a central defender .
José Róbson do Nascimento , better known as Róbson or Robgol ( born on May 10 , 1970 in Barra de São Miguel , Paraíba state is a Brazilian politician and former association football forward .
Nikola Melnjak ( born 6 September 1981 ) is a Croatian football defender who is currently free agent .
Ivo Wortmann was a defensive midfielder as a player .
Vítor Manuel da Costa Araújo ( born 16 February 1966 ) , known as Vítor Paneira , is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a right midfielder , and a current manager .
Paccelis Morlende ( born April 19 , 1981 ) is a French professional basketball player who plays at the point guard position for Hermine de Nantes Atlantique of the LNB Pro B.
Sébastien Roth ( born 1 April 1978 ) is a Swiss football goalkeeper , who plays for FC Le Mont.
Robert Veselovsky ( born 2 September 1985 in Nitra ) is a Slovak football goalkeeper , who plays for Mladá Boleslav in Synot Liga .
Jaka Ihbeisheh ( Arabic : جاكا حبيشة ; born 29 August 1986 ) is a Palestinian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Slovene club Rudar Velenje , one of the most prominent Slovene football clubs .
Adriano Duarte full name Adriano Duarte Mansur da Silva ( born 29 January 1980 in Ponte Nova , Minas Gerais ) is a Brazilian football defender who plays for Rio Branco .
Bruno de Camargo Agnello , better known as Bruno Agnello ( born 7 December 1985 in Santos ) is a left - footed Brazilian football ( soccer ) midfielder who currently plays for UTC Cajamarca .
Kler Heh ( born 21 October 1996 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Dumbarton on loan from Sheffield United .
Thierry Steimetz ( born 9 July 1983 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for German Regionalliga Südwest club FC Homburg .
Bogdan Stefanović ( born 9 July 1977 in Stara Pazova ) is a retired Serbian - Slovak football goalkeeper .
Pedro Llompart Usón ( born January 9 , 1982 ) is a Spanish professional basketball player who plays for Gipuzkoa Basket of the Liga ACB as a point guard .
Dragi Kotsev ( Macedonian : Драги Коцев ; born 25 February 1987 in Radoviš , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder .
Abdoulaye Demba ( also Abdoulai Demba ; born 2 November 1976 ) is a retired Malian footballer who played as a forward .
Rosario Lauture ( born 9 August 1976 ) is a Haitian football player , who currently plays as a goalkeeper and goalkeeping coach for Violette A.C.in Digicel 's First Division of Haiti , and has played for the Haiti national team .
Andriy Sahaydak ( born 2 January 1989 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Niklas Sandberg is a retired Swedish centre - back who last played for Swedish Superettan club Brage .
Alexandru Greab ( born 26 May 1992 in Romania ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Liga II club Gaz Metan Mediaș .
Glenn Anton Hysén ( born December 13 , 1990 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays in the Swedish Football Division 2 for Torslanda IK , as a defender .
Neven Vukman ( born 11 April 1985 ) is a Croatian football midfielder , who is currently a free agent after playing for NK Istra 1961 in the Prva HNL .
Bo Braastrup Andersen ( 26 March 1976 - ) is a Danish football manager and former goalkeeper .
Volodymyr Polyovyi ( born 28 July 1985 in Zaporizhya , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian defender .
Øystein Øvretveit ( born 25 June 1994 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Nest - Sotra on loan from Brann in the Norwegian First Division .
Vanio Kostov ( Bulgarian : Ваньо Костов ) ( born 7 September 1955 ) , is a former Bulgarian professional footballer who played as a central midfielder and is currently a sports agent .
Charles Ross Pringle , known as Charlie Pringle ( born 18 October 1894 , date of death unknown ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a wing - half .
António Henriques Morato ( born 20 March 1937 ) is a former Portuguese footballer , who played as a defender .
Theo Martens ( born 14 September 1990 in Tilburg ) is a Dutch footballer who plas as a midfielder and who is currently without a club .
Jonathan Greening ( born 2 January 1979 ) is an English semi - professional footballer and coach who plays as a midfielder for Northern Counties East Football League Premier Division club Tadcaster Albion .
Kristoff Deprez ( born 12 December 1981 in Ghent ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper , last appearing with Dutch third division club HSV Hoek
José Antonio Saro Palleiro ( born 10 January 1938 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a winger , and a current coach .
An elegant and tactically versatile defender , Aldair was capable of playing both as a sweeper , and as a centre back , due to his vision , technical ability , and his passing range .
Souleymane Coulibaly ( born 26 December 1994 ) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a centre forward for English club Peterborough United .
Juan Acuña Naya , born 14 February 1923 in A Coruña , and died in the same city on 30 August 2001 ; was a former Spanish football goalkeeper .
Philippe Durpes ( born March 6 , 1974 in Capesterre ) is a football defender from Guadeloupe , France .
Maxence Flachez ( born 5 August 1972 ) is a French retired footballer who played as a central defender .
Aivar Priidel ( born 12 May 1977 ) is a retired football ( soccer ) midfielder from Estonia .
Mounir Boukadida ( Arabic : منير بوقديدة‎ ) ( born 24 October 1967 in Sousse ) is a retired Tunisian football defender .
Stan Watson ( 1937 or 1938 -- 16 January 2014 ) was a footballer who made 27 appearances in the Football League playing as a wing half for Darlington in the 1950s .
Francis Wathier ( born December 7 , 1984 ) is an ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Portland Pirates of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Faysal Ben Ahmed ( Arabic : فيصل بن أحمد‎ ) ( born 7 March 1973 ) is a Tunisian footballer who played as a defender or defensive midfielder , spending most of his career at hometown club AS Ariana and Espérance .
Zhang Yalin ( simplified Chinese : 张亚林 ; traditional Chinese : 張亞林 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yàlín ; 19 April 1981 -- 14 February 2010 ) was a Chinese football midfielder .
Laurence Maroney ( born February 5 , 1985 ) is a former American football running back in the National Football League .
Mirlan Murzaev ( Russian : Мирлан Мурзаев ; born 29 March 1990 in Kochkor - Ata ) is a Kyrgyzstani professional footballer who plays as a forward for Al - Ahli in the Bahraini Premier League .
Laurence Lunn ( 1896 -- 1946 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Thierry Moreau ( born 17 January 1967 in Lisieux ) is a former French professional footballer who played as a midfielder between 1985 and 2003 and current manager .
Wilson Edgar Pereira Alegre ( born July 22 , 1984 in Huambo ) is an Angolan football goalkeeper who currently plays for 1º de Agosto .
Ivan Todorović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Тодоровић ; born 29 July 1983 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder , who last played for Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Allan Thigo is a former Kenya international football midfielder .
Juha Pasoja ( born 16 November 1976 ) is a Finnish football defender who currently plays in Veikkausliiga for JJK in Jyväskylä .
José Pérides ( born 18 April 1935 ) was a Portuguese footballer who played as midfielder .
Vasile Valentin Năstase ( born 4 October 1974 in Călineşti ) is a Romanian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a defender .
Sugiantoro ( born in Sidoarjo , East Java 2 April 1977 ) is an Indonesian footballer , he normally plays as defender , his tall 173 cm . Together Kurniawan Dwi Yulianto , Anang Ma'ruf , Bima Sakti and the others he joined at PSSI Primavera Program at Italy in middle 1990s .
Artur Voskanyan ( Armenian : Արթուր Ոսկանյան , born August 13 , 1976 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian retired football player who formerly played midfielder for the Armenian national team and last for Armenian Premier League club Banants Yerevan .
Brandon Curran ( born October 13 , 1980 in Papillion , Nebraska ) is an American soccer defender , who currently plays for the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division .
Richard Todd Bidner ( born July 5 , 1961 in Petrolia , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey centre .
Christian Lenze ( born 26 April 1977 in Magdeburg , Germany ) is a German former football who played as midfielder .
Éric Durand ( Génelard , 13 August 1965 ) is a former French footballer goalkeeper .
Ryan Mougenel ( born March 2 , 1976 in Scarborough , Ontario ) is a former professional ice hockey right winger .
Boris Radunović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борис Радуновић ; born 26 May 1996 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian goalkeeper currently playing for Atalanta in the Serie A.
André Betta ( born 4 March 1943 in Beaune , Côte - d'Or ) is a former professional French football midfielder .
Jan Jongbloed ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈjɑn ˈjɔŋ.blut ) ; born 25 November 1940 in Amsterdam ) was a football goalkeeper with the Netherlands national football team at the 1974 and 1978 FIFA World Cups , wearing the number 8 jersey .
Chris Snell ( born May 12 , 1971 in Regina , Saskatchewan and raised in Oshawa , Ontario ) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman and an amateur scout ( OHL ) of the Winnipeg Jets .
Roy Halstead ( 26 July 1931 -- 6 August 1997 ) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Chester City .
Rainer Kumm was a German rugby player , who played fly - half for the German national team as well as the German Sevens team , a team he captained in the late 1990s .
Djuric Winklaar ( born 3 January 1982 in Curaçao , in the former Netherlands Antilles ) is a football midfielder who currently plays in the Netherlands for Veensche Boys in Nijkerkerveen .
Colin Dobson ( born 9 May 1940 ) is an English former footballer , who played as an inside - forward .
Oleksandr Shchanov ( Ukrainian : Олександр Іванович Щанов , Russian : Александр Иванович Щанов ; 13 July 1924 -- 6 November 2009 ) was a Ukrainian football defender and forward and manager , the master of sports .
Hamdi Marzouki ( Arabic : حمدي مرزوقي‎ ) ( born 23 January 1977 ) is a Tunisian football defender .
Carlos Armando Gruezo Quiñónez ( born 1975 - 09 - 18 in Quininde ) is a retired football forward from Ecuador , who earned one cap for the Ecuador national team during his career .
Mohammad Nejad Mehdi ( Persian : محمد نژادمهدی‎‎ ) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League .
Silvester Shkalla ( born 10 August 1995 in Durrës ) is an Albanian football defender who plays for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga .
Darren Pitcher ( born 12 October 1969 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender and a midfielder from 1988 until 1999 .
Pieter Dixon ( born 17 October 1977 in Harare , Zimbabwe ) is a Zimbabwean born , South African rugby union footballer , who plays hooker for Bath .
Al Zerhusen ( born December 4 , 1931 in Brooklyn , New York ) is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who played extensively for the U.S. national team .
Louise Bager Due ( née Bager Nørgaard ) ( born 23 April 1982 ) is a Danish former handball goalkeeper and Olympic champion .
Branimir Aleksić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранимир Алексић ; born 24 December 1990 ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Superleague Greece club Kalloni .
Gordon Stratton ( Born - October 4 , 1934 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) was a Canadian ice hockey right winger who recording 474 goals and 502 assists for 976 points as a pro .
Lim Jin - wook ( Hangul : 임진욱 ; born 22 April 1991 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Chungju Hummel in K League Challenge .
Luis del Sol Cascajares ( born 6 April 1935 ) is a Spanish retired football midfielder and manager .
Zoran Bojović ( born 26 November 1956 in Ivangrad , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Montenegrin football midfielder who played for SFR Yugoslavia .
Ben Yagan ( born 9 February 1995 in Brussels ) is a Belgian - Armenian football player who plays as a forward and is currently playing for Heist in the Belgian Second Division .
Ibson Barreto da Silva ( born 7 November 1983 ) , simply known as Ibson , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for North American club Minnesota United FC as a central midfielder .
Roberto Romeo ( born 27 April 1990 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Gaz Metan Mediaș
Dalibor Dragić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Далибор Драгић , born 23 June 1972 in Prijedor ) is Bosnian Serb football defender currently playing with MBJB FC in the Malaysia Premier League .
Wilson Roberto Gottardo , commonly known as just Wilson Gottardo ( born May 23 , 1963 ) , is a former association footballer who played defender and current coach of the Villa Nova - MG . He played in several Brazilian Série A clubs .
Bruno dos Santos Nazário ( born 9 February 1995 ) , known as Bruno Nazário , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube on loan from Hoffenheim .
José María Buljubasich ( born 12 May 1971 in Firmat , Argentina ) is a former Argentine football player who played as goalkeeper in Argentina , Spain , Mexico , Chile and Paraguay .
Steven Hyde , known simply as Hyde by his friends , is a fictional character from the Fox sitcom That ' 70s Show , portrayed by Danny Masterson .
Terradive is the name to three fictional characters in the Transformers universes .
Thomas Todd Manning is a fictional character originated on the American daytime drama One Life to Live ( OLTL ) .
Amelia Shepherd , M.D. is a fictional character on the ABC American television medical drama Private Practice , and the spinoff series ' progenitor show , Grey 's Anatomy , portrayed by Caterina Scorsone .
Rilian appears in two of the seven books , The Silver Chair and briefly in The Last Battle .
Blanche Devereaux ( née Hollingsworth ) is one of the four main fictional characters on the 1985 - -1992 NBC sitcom The Golden Girls , and its CBS spin - off The Golden Palace .
George Wickham is a fictional character created by Jane Austen who appears in her novel Pride and Prejudice , published in 1813 .
Arnold Vinick is a fictional character on the television series The West Wing played by Alan Alda .
Leopold Bloom is the fictional protagonist and hero of James Joyce 's Ulysses .
The Well - Manicured Man is a fictional character in the American science fiction television series The X - Files .
Edadus was a legendary king of the Britons as recounted by Geoffrey of Monmouth in his Historia Regum Britanniae .
Dr. Ethan Goodspeed , also known as Ethan Rom , is a fictional character portrayed by William Mapother on the ABC television show Lost .
Jude Lawson is a fictional character in the Australian soap opera Home and Away played by actor Ben Steel .
Almost Normal is a 2005 comedy - drama film directed by Marc Moody .
Love on Credit ( Chinese : 幸福额度 ) is a 2011 Chinese romantic - comedy film created by Zhang Yibai and released by Xiaoma Benteng .
Live and In Color is a DVD that was recorded by The Reverend Horton Heat at Deep Ellum Live in Dallas , Texas in November 2003 .
Dachimawa Lee ( Hangul : 다찌마와 리 : 악인이여 지옥행 급행열차를 타라 ! ; RR : Dajjimawa Ri : Aginiyeo Jiokhaeng Geuphaengyeolchareul Tara ; lit . `` Dajjimawa Lee : Bye , Villain ! Take the Express Train to Hell '' ) is a 2008 South Korean film .
The Man in 3B is a 2015 American mystery crime - thriller film directed by Trey Haley .
Broadway Rhythm ( 1944 ) is an MGM Technicolor musical film .
Satan 's Triangle is a 1975 TV movie set in the Bermuda Triangle and was produced by ABC .
A Moonless Night ( Spanish : Una noche sin luna ) is a 2014 Uruguayan - Argentine drama film directed by Germán Tejeira .
Shiva Parvathi ( Kannada : ಶಿವ ಪಾರ್ವತಿ ) is a 1950 Indian Kannada film , directed by T Janakiram and produced by Hunsur Krishnamurthy .
Gregory 's Two Girls is a 1999 British film .
5 Shells is a 2012 American apocalyptic drama film .
Alone in the Neon Jungle is a 1988 television film directed by George Stanford Brown that was network premiered by CBS on Sunday January 17 , 1988 .
The White Guard first appeared in serial form in the Soviet - era literary journal Rossiya in 1925 , but the magazine was closed down before the serial was completed .
Omega Race was ported to the VIC-20 and Commodore 64 in 1982 and sold by Commodore .
Treasure in Malta is a 1963 adventure film and television series prduced by Anvil Films , a British film company .
The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery ( also called The St. Louis Bank Robbery , the film title in the opening credits ) is a 1959 heist film shot in .
That 's My Gal is a 1947 American comedy film directed by George Blair and written by Joseph Hoffman .
Dark Heritage ( UK : Dark Heritage : The Final Descendant ) is a 1989 American horror film produced and directed by David McCormick .
Paperman ( stylized as paperman ) is a 2012 black - and - white 3D romantic comedy short film .
First published as a book in the US in 1982 , progressively enlarged or revised versions of God Makes the Rivers to Flow were also issued in the US in 1991 , 2003 , and 2009 .
After Tiller is an Emmy - winning 2013 documentary film directed by Martha Shane and Lana Wilson that follows the only four remaining doctors in the United States who openly perform late - term abortions .
The Atlantis Conspiracy is a 2001 HBO / ZDF film that was written and directed by Dean Silvers .
SpurguX is a Finnish humorous roguelike video game developed by Petri Niska in 1987 .
Pokémon Apokélypse is a 2010 fan - made short film directed by Kial Natale and produced by Dylan Innes and Lee Majdoub .
William Morrow and Company ( October 1982 ) ISBN 0 - 688 - 01173-X The Last Sitting .
Viennese Nights ( 1930 ) is an American all - talking pre - code musical operetta film photographed entirely in Technicolor and released by Warner Brothers .
Garry Kitchen 's GameMaker is an IDE for the Commodore 64 , Apple II , and IBM PCs , created by Garry Kitchen and released by Activision in 1985 .
The Last International Playboy ( also known as Frost ) is a 2008 American independent film directed by Steve Clark and written by Steve Clark and Thomas Moffett .
Surat Kecil untuk Tuhan ( phrasal translation : A Diary of Letters to God ) is a 2011 Indonesian drama film .
Panchapandavar is an unreleased 1980 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by A. Nadarajan .
The Mobile Revolution is a 2014 Swedish documentary written and directed by Magnus Sjöström about the history of the cell phone and how it has impacted human behaviour and society .
South of Wawa is a Canadian comedy film , which was released in 1991 .
The Disinformation Company , publisher of Robert Greenwald 's series of documentary DVDs , released American Jobs on DVD in February 2005 , along with a companion book penned by Spotts , CAFTA and Free Trade :
Biyer Lagna ( Bengali : বিয়ের লগ্ন `` '' ) is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Bangladeshi F.I. Manik .
Awake Zion is a 2005 documentary by Monica Haim that documents a connection between Jews and Rastafarians .
Introducing Joss Stone ( stylised as Introducing ... Joss Stone ) is the third studio album by English singer and songwriter Joss Stone , released on 9 March 2007 by Virgin Records .
Wait ' til This Year is a reality - type docu - drama film which follows a Boston Red Sox fan during the 2004 baseball season , when the team ended their famous losing streak by winning the World Series .
The Kid Stays in the Picture is both the name of the 1994 autobiography by film producer Robert Evans and the title of the 2002 film adaptation of Evans ' book .
Pawtucket Rising is a 2008 documentary film directed and produced by Jason Caminiti .
Hexing a Hurricane is a 2006 documentary film about the effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans .
It Came from Hollywood is a 1982 comedy film compiling clips from various B movies .
Revenge for Jolly ! is a 2012 American comedy - drama film directed by Chadd Harbold and written by Brian Petsos .
Sthreedhanam ( English : Dowry ) is a 1993 Malayalam family drama film directed by the duo Anil - Babu and starring Jagadeesh , Urvashi and Meenakumari in major roles .
Dej ska jag älska all min tid is a 1993 Leif Bloms studio album .
Air Diary ( simplified Chinese : 飞行日志 ; traditional Chinese : 飛行日誌 ; pinyin : Fēixíng rìzhì ) , released in September 2007 , is a Chinese semi - autobiographical film based on pop singer Xu Fei 's early musical career .
The People vs. George Lucas is a 2010 documentary comedy film directed by Alexandre O. Philippe .
Kameleon 2 is a 2005 Dutch family film with as main characters identical twins Koen van der Donk ( Hielke Klinkhamer ) and Jos van der Donk ( Sietse Klinkhamer ) , also identical twins , born 6 March 1988 .
Port Afrique is a 1956 British drama film based on the 1948 novel of the same name by Dr. Bernard Victor Dryer ( 1918 - -1995 ) .
The Enemy Strikes ! is a short propaganda film made in 1945 about the Battle of the Bulge .
Too Scared to Scream ( also known as The Doorman ) is a 1985 Independent Film / Thriller / Horror movie .
The Love of Sunya ( also known as The Loves of Sunya ) is an American silent drama film made in 1927 .
Gubeer ( English : Cheers ) is a 2014 Tamil black comedy drama cult film , written and directed by Thilipkumar Rajendren and produced by Archer Cinemas .
Kausthubham ( Malayalam : കൗസ്തുഭം ) is a 2010 Malayalam film by Sajeev Kilikulam starring Karthika and Vijayaraghavan .
Woman Obsessed is a 1959 romantic DeLuxe Color drama film in CinemaScope about the hardships faced by a widow and her eight - year - old son on a rugged Canadian ranch .
More Than Anything in the World ( Spanish : Más que a nada en el mundo ) is a 2006 Mexican drama film directed by Andrés León Becker and Javier Solar .
Green Grass Widows ( 1928 ) was an American silent comedy film , directed by Alfred Raboch , and produced and released by Tiffany - Stahl Productions .
¡ Que viene mi marido ! ( `` That 's My Husband ! '' ) is a 1940 Mexican film .
The Brain from Planet Arous is a 1957 American science - fiction film that features the theme of alien possession .
Killer Party is a horror comedy film released in 1986 .
The Family That Dwelt Apart is a 1973 Canadian animated short based on the short story of the same name by E.B. White , about the misadventures of a family of seven who live in happy isolation on a small island in Barnegat Bay , until word gets out that they are in distress .
Vi ska till VM is a song written by Magnus Uggla and Anders Henriksson , and was the official song for the Swedish men 's national team during the 2002 FIFA World Cup in Japan and South Korea .
How to Live Forever premiered at the 17th Annual Hamptons International Film Festival in 2009 .
Do Not Erase is a 2006 short film written and directed by Asitha Ameresekere .
Demetrius and the Gladiators is a fictional 1954 sword - and - sandal drama film and a sequel to The Robe .
The Driftless Area is a 2015 Canadian - American neo - noir drama - comedy film directed by Zachary Sluser and starring Anton Yelchin , Zooey Deschanel , and John Hawkes .
Australia 's Own is a 1919 Australian silent film set in New Guinea , with footage shot in the Yule Island area near Port Moresby .
Escape from Uganda is a 2013 Malayalam thriller film directed by Rajesh Nair .
Star King was originally serialized in the December 1963 and February 1964 editions of Galaxy magazine , as The Star King .
Amateur Transplants in The Black and White Menstrual Show Live ! is a 2007 DVD released by Amateur Transplants ( Dr Adam Kay and Dr Suman Biswas ) , recorded at the New Players Theatre , London .
Galoot is a 2003 Israeli documentary that explores the Israeli--
Drums O ' Voodoo ( 1934 ) is a film about voodoo .
The Scorned is a 2005 horror television film .
Doctor Innocent aanu is a 2012 Malayalam comedy film directed by Ajmal , starring Innocent and Sona Nair the lead roles . It was a Box office Bomb .
Bloodsucking Bastards is a 2015 American comedy horror film directed by Brian James O'Connell , written by Ryan Mitts and Dr. God , O'Connell 's comedy group .
Lady Scarface is a 1941 black and white crime drama film .
The Goofy Gophers is a 1946 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon released on January 25 , 1947 .
The Dead and the Damned ( also Cowboys & Zombies ) is a 2010 American horror film directed by Rene Perez , written by Perez and Barry Massoni , and starring David Lockhart , Camille Montgomery , Rick Mora , and Robert Amstler .
Explosivo 008 is a 1940 Argentine crime film directed by German exiled filmmaker James Bauer .
Aatma Gowravam ( Telugu : ఆత్మ గౌరవం ) is a 1965 Telugu Drama film produced by Dukkipati Madhusudhana Rao which marked the directorial debut of the great Indian film director K. Viswanath .
Vaareva is a 2011 Indian Telugu language romance film produced by Maheshwara Rao under the banner Movie Miracles written and directed by Kalyan Mantena .
Dr. Dolittle 2 is a 2001 American comedy film , and the sequel to the 1998 film Dr. Dolittle .
Thandavam is a Malayalam action film released in 2002 .
The Devil 's Mercy is a 2008 horror - thriller written by James A. McLean and directed by Melanie Orr .
Love , Loot and Crash is a 1915 American short comedy film .
Where the Lilies Bloom is a 1974 film adaptation of the novel by the same name , written by Bill and Vera Cleaver .
Kate & Leopold is a 2001 romantic - comedy fantasy that tells a story of a duke who travels through time from New York in 1876 to the present and falls in love with a woman in modern New York .
Nangna Nokpa Yengningi ( English : Want to See You Smile ) ; is a 2015 Manipuri film directed by Ajit Ningthouja , written by Herojit Naoroibam and produced by Th . ( O ) Bedamani Devi , presented by Poknapham .
Mujeres salvajes ( translated as either Savage / Wild Women ) is a 1984 Mexican exploitation film directed by Gabriel Retes .
Phijigee Mani ( English : My Only Jem ; also written as Phijigi Mani ) is a 2011 Manipuri film directed by Oinam Gautam Singh , co - written and produced by Takhelchangbam Ongbi Medha Sharmi , and starring an ensemble cast including Gurumayum Bonny Sharma , Abenao Elangbam and Leishangthem Tonthoingambi Devi in the lead roles .
The Ambition of the Baron is a 1915 American silent drama film .
Pah Wongso Tersangka ( Indonesian for Pah Wongso Becomes a Suspect ) , also known under the Dutch title Pah Wongso Keert Terug ( Pah Wongso Returns ) , is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies directed by Wu Tsun for Star Film .
Mountain Strawberries 6 , ( 산딸기 6 - Sanddalgi 6 ) also known as Wild Strawberries 6 , is a 1994 South Korean film directed by Kim Su - hyeong .
Into the Mirror ( Hangul : 거울 속으로 ) is a 2003 South Korean horror film about a series of grisly deaths in a department store , all involving mirrors , and the troubled detective who investigates them .
Holiday in Your Heart is a 1997 drama , based on a story written by LeAnn Rimes and Tom Carter .
Kamillions is a 1989 film directed by Mikel B. Anderson from a story by Robert Hsi and a screenplay Anderson wrote in collaboration with Harry S. Robins .
Celebrities Anonymous is a 2009 American independent comedy film directed by Dennis Hemphill Jr. , starring Lindsay Zir , Joey Kern , Dianna Agron and Jamie Anderson .
Escape from Galaxy 3 ( original title `` Giochi erotici nella terza galassia '' also known as Starcrash II in Spain ) is an Italian 1981 science fiction film .
Wilbur Wants to Kill Himself is a Danish - Scottish film from 2002 .
Victimes de nos richesses ( Victims of our wealth ) is a 2006 documentary film exploring the 2005 violence at the Ceuta and Melilla border fences .
Thunderpants is a 2002 British - German family film about a boy whose incredible capacity for flatulence gets him a job as an astronaut .
The Law of Success in 16 Lessons is an edited version of Napoleon Hill 's first manuscripts which was reworked under advisement of some the contributors and first published in 1928 .
Everybody Rides the Carousel is a 1975 independent animated film about the stages of life .
Idylle au Caire is a 1933 German French - language comedy film directed by Claude Heymann and Reinhold Schünzel and starring Renate Müller , George Rigaud and Henry Roussel .
Det brinner en låga is a 1997 album by Swedish band the Drifters .
Virginia 's Run is a 2002 Canadian - American independent family drama / coming of age film .
Mean People Suck is an NYU student film released in 2001 .
Snakeball is a downloadable PSN game on the PlayStation Store released 20 December 2007 .
Bindlestiffs is a 2012 comedy film produced by Andrew Edison and Luke Loftin , the writers , editors , and main two stars , which also stars John Karna .
Apollo Theater 3/09/12 is a live album by Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band , released in November 2014 and was the first official release through the Bruce Springsteen Archives .
Anokha Milan in a 1972 Hindi film produced by R. J. Vazirani and directed by Jagganath Chatterjee .
Main Street on the March ! is a 1941 American short historical film directed by Edward Cahn .
Harvest Gold is a 1945 Australian industrial film about a farmer who clings to old methods of production .
Baa Nanna Preethisu ( Kannada : ಬಾ ನನ್ನ ಪ್ರೀತಿಸು ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by Siddalingaiah .
The Magical Duvet ( Czech : V peřině ) is a 2011 Czech musical film directed by F. A. Brabec .
How Willingly You Sing is a 1975 low budget Australian feature film .
S*P*Y*S is a 1974 comedy about two bumbling men who are spies and targeted for elimination by the CIA , KGB and a French terrorist group .
Heir - Conditioned is a Warner Bros. Pictures Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short released in 1955 and directed by Friz Freleng and written by Warren Foster .
Kuwait Connection ( Arabic : ذئاب لا تاكل اللحم‎ Dhiʼāb lā taʼakulu al - laḥm ) is a 1973 Lebanese action film directed by Lebanese director Samir A. Khouri and featuring a predominantly Egyptian main cast with Lebanese and Kuwaiti actors .
Annamitta Kai ( Tamil : அன்னமிட்ட கை ) is a 1972 Tamil - language film starring M. G. Ramachandran .
Deadroom is an award - winning film from 2005 codirected by James M. Johnston , David Lowery , Nick Prendergast and Yen Tan .
Le Mozart des pickpockets ( also known as The Mozart of Pickpockets ) is a 2006 French short film .
Dark Measures is a 2009 American drama film directed by Chris Hazenberg , edited by Mark Johnson and starring Michelle L. Ruiz .
A Family Lost is a 2007 television film starring Cynthia Gibb , Nicole Muñoz , and Zak Santiago .
`` Den vita duvan '' is an anti - war song written by Lasse Holm and Alf Robertson , and originally recorded by Mats Rådberg on the 1975 album På egen hand .
Our Friend , Martin is a 1999 animated children 's educational film about Martin Luther King , Jr. and the American civil rights movement .
Terrorism and Kebab ( Arabic : الإرهاب والكباب‎ , transliterated : Al - irhab wal kabab ) is a popular 1992 Egyptian comedy film starring Adel Emam .
Ordinary Magic is a 1993 Canadian film about a boy who is raised in India by his father .
Under the Stars is a 2001 film set in Cyprus .
Kung Fu Dunk ( traditional Chinese : 功夫灌籃 ; simplified Chinese : 功夫灌篮 ; pinyin : Gōngfū Guànlán ) , also known by its former title Slam Dunk , is a 2008 Chinese - language action comedy film .
At Mother 's Request is a 1987 two - part television miniseries based on a true story ( the Franklin Bradshaw murder ) .
The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman is a 2011 documentary produced by the Grassroots Education Movement .
Amari Gaan Jhua ( 1953 ) ( Odia : ଆମରି ଗାଁ ଝୁଅ ) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Binaya Banarjee .
Ka - Glom ! is a puzzle game created and published by mobile games developer Magmic Inc. Originally developed for BlackBerry in 2006 , it has since been ported to Java , Windows Mobile , and Apple iOS ( iPhone , iPod Touch ) devices .
Världens lyckligaste par is a song written by Christer Ericsson , and originally performed by Lasse Stefanz in 1986 .
The Mummy 's Tomb is the 1942 horror film sequel to The Mummy 's Hand ( 1940 ) .
Radio Corazón is a 2007 Chilean Spanish - language film directed by and starring Roberto Artiagoitía ( nicknamed El Rumpy ) .
The Pompatus of Love is a 1996 film that tells the story of four guys discussing women and the meaning of the word `` pompatus '' .
Looking for Eric is a 2009 British - French film about the escape from the trials of modern life that football and its heroes can bring for its fans .
I Have Tourette 's but Tourette 's Does n't Have Me is a 2005 documentary film featuring children between the ages of six and thirteen with Tourette syndrome .
The Amazing Adventures of the Living Corpse is a 2012 American animated 3D horror film directed by Justin Paul Ritter , written by Ritter and Ryan Plato , and starring Michael Villar as an intelligent zombie who seeks to protect his son .
Follow Me , Boys ! is a 1966 family film produced by Walt Disney Productions , based on the book God and My Country by MacKinlay Kantor .
Ma'am May We Go Out ? is a 1985 Philippine comedy film produced by Viva Films .
Comrade Kim Goes Flying is a 2012 joint British - Belgian - North Korean romantic comedy feature film , set and filmed in Pyongyang , North Korea .
The Killing Game Show is a run and gun shooter game developed by Raising Hell Software for the Amiga and Atari ST . It was released in 1990 and published by Psygnosis .
Firetrack is a vertically scrolling shoot 'em up computer game programmed by Nick `` Orlando '' Pelling and released for the BBC Micro and Commodore 64 platforms in 1987 by Electric Dreams Software .
Perkin Transactions is a scientific journal devoted to organic chemistry published from 1997 to 2002 by the Royal Society of Chemistry .
Coaster Works , known in Japan as Jet Coaster Dream ( ジェットコースタードリーム ) , is a simulation game for the Dreamcast console released by Xicat Interactive on December 10 , 2000 .
The Hastings Constitutional Law Quarterly ( Bluebook abbreviation : Hastings Const . L.Q. ) is a quarterly law review covering constitutional law edited by students of the University of California , Hastings College of the Law .
West from Home is a collection of letters sent by the American journalist Laura Ingalls Wilder to her husband Almanzo Wilder in 1915 , published by Harper & Row in 1974 with the subtitle Letters Of Laura Ingalls Wilder , San Francisco , 1915 .
Spindizzy Worlds is a puzzle video game published by Activision , released on the Amiga and Atari ST in 1990 .
When True Night Falls , published in 1993 by DAW Books is a fantasy novel by Celia S. Friedman .
Scientia Iranica is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Sharif University of Technology ( Tehran , Iran ) .
After the independent release proved a success , with the game selling well and generating good word - of - mouth , The Adventure Company purchased the rights , releasing it worldwide in 2003 under the title Dark Fall :
The Drawing of the Dark is a historical fantasy novel by Tim Powers published in 1979 by Del Rey Books .
GAZ12 The Golden Khan of Ethengar was written by Jim Bambra , with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian , and was published by TSR in 1989 as a 64-page booklet and a 32-page booklet , a large color map , and an outer folder .
Organic Geochemistry is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier covering research on all aspects of organic geochemistry .
The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Publishing Science Fiction ( 2001 ) by Cory Doctorow and Karl Schroeder was published as part of The Complete Idiot 's Guide series of non - fiction manuals released by Alpha Books .
CrimeCraft is a free - to - play online Persistent World Next - generation Shooter dubbed `` PWNS '' by developer Vogster Entertainment and published at retail by THQ .
The Secret Adversary is the second published detective fiction novel by Agatha Christie , first published in January 1922 in the United Kingdom by The Bodley Head and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company later in that same year .
Vertical Force is a vertically scrolling shooter , with two layers ( to utilize the 3-D features of the system ) for Nintendo 's Virtual Boy video game system .
Black Man 's Burden was originally published as a two - part series in Analog Science Fiction and Fact ( December 1961 and January 1962 ) .
Do n't Tell Me the Truth About Love is a short story collection by British author Dan Rhodes , first published in 2001 by Fourth Estate ( HarperCollins ) .
Pokémon Puzzle League is a puzzle game for the Nintendo 64 console .
All Round Hunter ( Also known as Field & Stream : Outdoorsman Challenge ) is a hunting game for the Wii and Xbox 360 published by 505 Games .
The View from Saturday is a children 's novel by E. L. Konigsburg , published by Atheneum Books for Young Readers in 1996 .
Emma in Winter is a children 's novel by British writer Penelope Farmer , published in 1966 by Chatto & Windus in the UK , and by Harcourt in the USA .
The X - Files Game is an interactive movie point - and - click adventure video game developed by HyperBole Studios and first published by Fox Interactive .
Boogie Superstar is a rhythm video game by Electronic Arts .
Soultrane is the fourth studio album by jazz musician John Coltrane , released in 1958 on Prestige Records , catalogue 7142 .
As with Amos 's previous releases under the Epic Records label , American Doll Posse was offered in a limited deluxe edition as well as the standard edition .
A Little Happiness is the second studio album and the first album to be released from American pop / rock singer - songwriter Aimee Allen , released on July 21 , 2009 by Side Tracked Records .
The End of an Error is the second album by pop - punk band Houston Calls , released on October 14 , 2008 , on Drive - Thru Records .
Watch the Throne is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Jay - Z and Kanye West , released on August 8 , 2011 , by Roc - A - Fella Records , Roc Nation , and Def Jam Recordings .
Slow Train Coming is the nineteenth studio album by American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan , released on August 20 , 1979 by Columbia Records .
In 1992 , Raven - Symoné began her singing career at the age of seven , when she signed with MCA Records .
The African Development Movement ( French : Mouvement Africain de Développement , MAD ) was a political party in Gabon led by Pierre Claver Zeng Ebome .
When 4AD label head Ivo Watts - Russell handpicked the tracklisting for the group 's debut release Come on Pilgrim , he intentionally left out `` Here Comes Your Man '' .
El viaje de Copperpot ( Copperpot 's Trip ) is Spanish pop rock band La Oreja de Van Gogh 's second studio album , issued by Sony Music Entertainment on September 11 , 2000 .
Be My Slave is a 1983 album by the American heavy metal band Bitch , released on the Metal Blade Records label under the genre `` dominatrix metal '' .
The Beauty of the Unknown is Justifide 's second and final album released by Ardent Records in 2002 .
GRITS 's album Grammatical Revolution was released in 1999 on Gotee Records .
Fist of God is the second album by MSTRKRFT , released on March 17 , 2009 by Dim Mak Records and Downtown Records .
Xcept One is the second album by composer Michael Hoenig , released in 1987 through Capitol Records .
Damnation ( Ride the Madness ) is the 1999 studio solo album of the American deathrock veteran musician Eva O , released on the German label Massacre Records .
The Sun & the Neon Light is the third studio album by Berlin - based electronic band Booka Shade , released on 26 May 2008 on Get Physical Music .
Sunshine at Midnight is the second studio album by American R&B / soul singer Sunshine Anderson , released on January 23 , 2007 by Music World Entertainment .
`` Stand by U '' was released on July 1 , 2009 by their label Rhythm Zone and was released in two formats :
It was released in 1954 by Columbia Records ( CL 6286 ) , then reissued on CD in 2010 by Sinetone AMR , and appears under two titles - either Garden of Prayer or Beautiful Garden of Prayer .
I Hear Black is the sixth studio album by American thrash metal band Overkill , released on March 9 , 1993 by Atlantic Records .
Black Jesus Voice is a solo album by Richard H. Kirk , released by Rough Trade Records in 1986 .
Caribbean Sunset was released on vinyl and cassette in 1984 by ZE Records .
18.61 was released on April 13 , 2010 through Deathwish Inc.
Hypnotic Underworld is an album by the band Ghost , released on January 27 , 2004 on Drag City .
Swanlights is the fourth studio album by Antony and the Johnsons , released on 12 October 2010 worldwide through Secretly Canadian , and 11 October 2010 in the United Kingdom through Rough Trade .
Sobrevivir ( English : Survive ) is the eighth studio album by Puerto Rican recording artist Olga Tañón , released on 19 November 2002 by Warner Music Latina .
Carry on the Grudge is the third album by Londoner singer - songwriter Jamie T , released on 29 September 2014 through Virgin Records and Epitaph Records .
Palo Santo is Shearwater 's fourth full - length album , released on May 9 , 2006 , on Misra Records .
Bourbonitis Blues is a 1999 album by artist Alejandro Escovedo released May 4 , 1999 on Bloodshot Records .
On Broadway Vol . 4 or The Paradox of Continuity is an album by Paul Motian and the Trio 2000 + One released on the German Winter & Winter label in 2006 .
Acid Queen is Tina Turner 's second solo album , released in 1975 on the EMI label in the UK , and on United Artists in the US .
Žar Ptica is third album from famous Serbian singer Aleksandra Radović released by City Records on June 19 , 2009 .
Written and produced by Terius `` The - Dream '' Nash and C. `` Tricky '' Stewart , `` Run the World '' was one of several songs recorded with the duo following Lopez 's move from Epic Records to Island Records .
The First Minute of a New Day is an album by American soul artist Gil Scott - Heron and musician Brian Jackson , released in January 1975 on Arista Records .
The Plott Thickens is the only studio album by Grave Plott , released on May 20 , 2008 under Strange Music .
Fall Out Boy 's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend was released in 2003 through Uprising Records against the band 's wishes .
We Have the Facts and We 're Voting Yes is the second studio album by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie , released March 21 , 2000 , on Barsuk Records .
Music Spoken Here is an album by John McLaughlin , released in 1982 through Warner Music Group .
Bustin ' Out is the second album by American country rock band Pure Prairie League , released by RCA Records in 1972 ( see 1972 in music ) .
Hostile Ambient Takeover is an album by the Melvins , released in 2002 through Ipecac Recordings .
French Blood ( original title : Un Français ) is a 2015 French drama film written and directed by Diastème .
The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit is a 1968 light comedy family film directed by Norman Tokar , with a screenplay by Louis Pelletier , based on the 1955 book , The Year of the Horse by Eric Hatch .
Romantics Anonymous ( French : Les Émotifs anonymes ) is a 2010 French - Belgian romantic comedy film directed by Jean - Pierre Améris and starring Benoît Poelvoorde and Isabelle Carré .
Le tartuffe is a 1984 French comedy film directed by and starring Gérard Depardieu based on the play Tartuffe by Molière .
Brassed Off is a 1996 British - American comedy - drama film written and directed by Mark Herman and starring Pete Postlethwaite , Tara Fitzgerald and Ewan McGregor .
The Minus Man is a 1999 film starring Owen Wilson and Janeane Garofalo , based on the novel by Lew McCreary , and directed by Hampton Fancher , who also wrote the screenplay .
Lucky Chances is a 1990 television mini - series written by Jackie Collins and based on her bestselling novels Chances and Lucky .
The Postman 's White Nights ( Russian : Белые ночи почтальона Алексея Тряпицына ; Belye nochi pochtalona Alekseya Tryapitsyna ) is a 2014 Russian drama film directed by Andrei Konchalovsky .
Hear My Song is a 1991 comedy film , written by the actors Peter Chelsom ( who directed ) and Adrian Dunbar ( who plays the lead ) , based on the story of Irish tenor Josef Locke .
Captain Conan ( original title : Capitaine Conan ) is a 1996 French drama film directed by Bertrand Tavernier .
3 Dancing Slaves ( French : Le Clan ) is a 2004 French film directed by Gaël Morel .
The Seashell and the Clergyman ( French : La Coquille et le clergyman ) is an experimental French film directed by Germaine Dulac , from an original scenario by Antonin Artaud .
Sliding Doors is a 1998 British - American romantic comedy - drama film written and directed by Peter Howitt and starring Gwyneth Paltrow and John Hannah , while also featuring John Lynch , Jeanne Tripplehorn and Virginia McKenna .
Berlin Babylon is a 2001 German documentary film directed by Hubertus Siegert with industrial music performed by Einstürzende Neubauten .
Abgeschminkt ! ( English : Making Up ! ) is a German film directed by Katja von Garnier .
Ghosts Ca n't Do It is a 1989 American romantic crime fantasy comedy film written and directed by John Derek , and starring Bo Derek and Anthony Quinn .
The Valentine Girl is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Searle Dawley and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
Under the Sun of Rome ( Italian : Sotto il sole di Roma ) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Renato Castellani .
The Family Stone is a 2005 American comedy - drama film written and directed by Thomas Bezucha .
Hiruko the Goblin ( Yōkai Hantā : Hiruko ( 妖怪ハンター ヒルコ Ghost Hunter : Hiruko ) ) is a 1991 Japanese horror film directed by Shinya Tsukamoto and starring Kenji Sawada .
Marfa Girl is a 2012 drama film written and directed by Larry Clark , and released on his website .
Let 's Be Cops is a 2014 American buddy cop action comedy film written and directed by Luke Greenfield , and co - written with Nicholas Thomas .
The Lad from Old Ireland , also called A Lad from Old Ireland , is a one - reel 1910 American motion picture directed by and starring Sidney Olcott and written by and co - starring Gene Gauntier .
I Saw the Devil ( Hangul : 악마를 보았다 ; RR : Angmareul boatda ) is a 2010 South Korean psychological thriller / horror film directed by Kim Jee - woon , written by Park Hoon - jung , and starring Lee Byung - hun and Choi Min - sik .
The Passionate Demons ( Norwegian : Line ) is a 1961 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils Reinhardt Christensen .
Scarlet Diva is a 2000 Italian film by actress and first - time director and screenwriter Asia Argento .
The Bakery Girl of Monceau or The Girl at the Monceau Bakery is a 1963 film by Éric Rohmer .
Crimson Gold ( Persian : طلای سرخ Talaye Sorkh‎ ) is a 2003 Iranian film directed by Jafar Panahi , and written by Abbas Kiarostami .
Heart o ' the Hills is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Joseph De Grasse and Sidney Franklin , written by Bernard McConville based on John Fox , Jr. 's novel of the same name .
The Karamazovs ( Czech : Karamazovi ) is a 2008 Czech film directed by Petr Zelenka with a soundtrack by Jan A. P. Kaczmarek .
Monisha En Monalisa is a Tamil film released in 1999 directed and produced by T. Rajendar .
Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny is a 2006 American rock musical black comedy film about comedy rock duo Tenacious D. Written , produced by and starring Tenacious D members Jack Black and Kyle Gass , it is directed and co - written by musician and puppeteer Liam Lynch .
March of the Penguins ( French La Marche de l'empereur ; French pronunciation : ​(lamaʁʃ dəlɑ̃ˈpʁœʁ ) ) is a 2005 French feature length nature documentary directed and co - written by Luc Jacquet , and co - produced by Bonne Pioche and the National Geographic Society .
Last Action Hero was an original screenplay by Zak Penn and Adam Leff , meant to parody typical action film screenplays of writers such as Shane Black .
On the Path ( Bosnian : Na putu ) is a 2010 Bosnian and Herzegovinian drama film directed by Jasmila Žbanić .
Lulu and Jimi is a 2009 drama film directed by Oskar Roehler .
Aguirre , the Wrath of God ( German : Aguirre , der Zorn Gottes ) , known in the UK as Aguirre , Wrath of God , is a 1972 West German epic film written and directed by Werner Herzog .
Gardens of the Night is a 2008 drama film , starring Gillian Jacobs , John Malkovich , Ryan Simpkins and Tom Arnold ; and directed and written by Damian Harris .
Daratt ( English : `` Dry Season '' , French : `` Saison sèche '' ) is a 2006 film by Chadian director Mahamat Saleh Haroun .
In 1941 , Michael Powell directed An Airman 's Letter to His Mother , based on a dramatization of the letter , and narrated by John Gielgud .
The Gospel of Us is a 2012 Welsh drama based on the Owen Sheers novel of the same name and the three - day Passion play that Michael Sheen acted in in his home town of Port Talbot in April 2011 .
The Return of the Living Dead is a 1985 American black comedy / zombie horror film written and directed by Dan O'Bannon and starring Clu Gulager , James Karen , and Don Calfa .
Before Cunningham could start working on Freddy vs. Jason , Wes Craven returned to New Line to make New Nightmare .
Germany Year 90 Nine Zero ( French : Allemagne année 90 neuf zéro ) is a French film directed by Jean - Luc Godard and starring Eddie Constantine in his signature role as detective Lemmy Caution .
Mountains May Depart ( Chinese : 山河故人 ) is a 2015 drama film directed by Jia Zhangke .
Les Gens qui s'aiment is a 1999 French - language dramedy written and directed by Jean - Charles Tacchella .
Skinhead Attitude is a 2003 documentary about the skinhead subculture , made by Daniel Schweizer .
My 20th Century ( Hungarian : Az én XX . századom ) is a 1989 Hungarian comedy - drama film written and directed by Ildikó Enyedi .
The Stone Merchant ( Italian : Il mercante di pietre ) is a 2006 Italian thriller - drama film produced , written and directed by Renzo Martinelli and starring Harvey Keitel .
Pitch Perfect 2 is a 2015 American musical comedy film produced and directed by Elizabeth Banks and written by Kay Cannon .
Private Access ( Italian : Codice privato , also known as Secret Access ) is a 1989 Italian drama film directed by Francesco Maselli .
Il tifoso , l'arbitro e il calciatore ( The Supporter , the Referee and the Footballer ) is a 1983 Italian comedy film written and directed by Pier Francesco Pingitore .
Love 'em and Weep is a silent comedy short film starring Mae Busch , Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy prior to their official billing as the duo Laurel and Hardy .
ABC Africa is a 2001 Iranian documentary feature film directed by Abbas Kiarostami .
Friday After Next is a 2002 American comedy film directed by Marcus Raboy and starring Ice Cube ( who also wrote the film ) and Mike Epps .
Polisse ( released at some film festivals as Poliss , French pronunciation : ​(pɔˈlis ) ) is a 2011 French drama film written , directed by and starring Maïwenn .
Koodal Nagar is a 2007 Tamil film directed by first - timer Seenu Ramasamy .
¡ Three Amigos ! is a 1986 American comedy film directed by John Landis and written by Lorne Michaels , Steve Martin , and Randy Newman .
The Avenging Conscience : or `` Thou Shalt Not Kill '' ( 1914 ) is a drama film directed by D. W. Griffith .
Paris Is Always Paris ( Italian : Parigi è sempre Parigi , French : Paris est toujours Paris ) is a 1951 Italian - French comedy film directed by Luciano Emmer .
Guest House Paradiso is a 1999 British slapstick dark comedy written by and starring comic duo Rik Mayall and Adrian Edmondson , and directed by Edmondson - his directorial debut for a feature film .
Ceirt ( queirt ) ᚊ is a letter of the Ogham alphabet , transcribed as Q. It expresses the Primitive Irish labiovelar phoneme .
The Krotons is the fourth serial of the sixth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 28 December 1968 to 18 January 1969 .
The Darkest Road is the third novel of The Fionavar Tapestry trilogy by Guy Gavriel Kay .
`` The Train Job '' is the second episode of the American science - fiction western television series Firefly created by Joss Whedon , although it was the first to be shown .
Delta and the Bannermen is the third serial of the 24th season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in three weekly parts from 2 November to 16 November 1987 .
Great Northern ? is the twelfth and final completed book of Arthur Ransome 's Swallows and Amazons series of children 's books .
Delusion 's Master ( 1981 ) is the third novel in Tales From The Flat Earth by Tanith Lee .
`` Get Away From My Mom '' is the pilot episode of the American animated sitcom Home Movies .
`` Belles de Jour '' is the 66th episode of the CW television series , Gossip Girl , as well as the season premiere of the show 's fourth season .
`` .07 % '' is the nineteenth episode in the first season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes .
`` Nancy Does Dallas '' is the 13th episode in the 13th season of the Fox animated series King of the Hill , and the 248th episode overall .
The Sensorites is the seventh serial in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in six weekly parts from 20 June to 1 August 1964 .
The Ford Fiesta is a supermini car manufactured by Ford since 1976 , lasting seven generations .
`` A Good Man Goes to War '' is the seventh episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , and was first broadcast on BBC One on 4 June 2011 and served as a mid - series finale .
NBA Live 06 is a 2005 installment of the NBA Live series released on the Xbox 360 , Xbox , Nintendo GameCube , Microsoft Windows , PlayStation Portable , PlayStation 2 and Mobile .
The Olympic Conspiracy is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts which is the fifth novel in The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the sequel to The Mausoleum Murder .
What 's Opera , Doc ? is a 1957 American animated cartoon short in the Merrie Melodies series , directed by Chuck Jones for Warner Bros. Cartoons .
`` Now We 're Even '' is the 21st episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother , and the 157th episode overall .
A Knight of the Word is the second novel in the Word & Void series by Terry Brooks , written as a prequel to his Shannara series .
A Study in Sorcery is an alternate history novel by Michael Kurland featuring Randall Garrett 's fictional detective character Lord Darcy .
The Clue of the Velvet Mask is the thirtieth volume in the original Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series .
Storm from the Shadows is a novel by David Weber , released in February 2009 ( but with an official publication date of March 3 , 2009 ) , and set in the Honorverse and the second in the Saganami Island series , spun off from the main Honor Harrington series .
`` The Pylon Express '' is the eighth episode of the second season of the 1970s American television series Land of the Lost .
`` The Archbishop '' is the third episode of the first series of the BBC sitcom Blackadder ( The Black Adder ) .
`` Bart the Genius '' is the second episode of The Simpsons ' first season , which originally aired on the Fox network on January 14 , 1990 .
`` Big Man on Hippocampus '' is the tenth episode of the eighth season of the Fox animated comedy Family Guy .
Simretu Alemayehu ( born September 17 , 1970 ) is a retired male long - distance runner from Ethiopia , who competed for his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Maya Sazonova ( Kazakh : Майя Созонова ; born May 28 , 1965 in Almaty ) is a retired female race walker from Kazakhstan .
Simone Mathes ( born March 13 , 1975 in Stadtsteinach , Bavaria ) is a retired female hammer thrower from Germany .
Fan Yunjie ( simplified Chinese : 范运杰 ; traditional Chinese : 范運傑 ; pinyin : Fàn Yùnjié ; born April 29 , 1972 in Zhengzhou , Henan ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics , in the 2000 Summer Olympics , and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Kimiyo Matsuzaki ( Japanese : 松崎キミ代 , born June 18th , 1938 in Takase , Kagawa Prefecture , Japan ) is a former female table tennis player from Japan .
Aṣa was the only female child in the family and had three brothers .
Fiona Watt obtained her Bachelor of Arts in Natural Sciences in 1976 , and her Masters degree in 1979 , both from Cambridge University , U.K , where she was the only female graduate student in her department .
Rhoda Fox Graves ( July 2 , 1877 -- January 25 , 1950 ) was a suffragist , women 's rights activist , and early female Republican party politician from St. Lawrence County , New York in the United States .
Ewa Rybak ( born December 22 , 1974 ) is a retired female javelin thrower from Poland .
Zhang Di ( Chinese : 张迪 ) is a female Chinese Judoka .
Robbyn Hermitage ( born April 22 , 1970 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a female badminton player from Canada , who won the gold medal in the women 's doubles competition at the 1999 Pan American Games alongside Milaine Cloutier .
Michaela Ek ( born 1 February 1988 ) is a Swedish female handballer who plays as a right wing for IK Sävehof and the Swedish national team .
Yuan Zhen 's male ancestor line was renamed Yuan , from Tuoba , when Emperor Xiaowen changed Xianbei names to Han names in 496 .
Herod hears of Jesus ' birth and , wanting him killed , orders the murders of male infants in Bethlehem .
Elena Polyakova ( Russian : Полякова Елена ) ( born March 22 , 1981 ) is a Russian female ultramarathon runner , and formerly a female bodybuider .
Adriana Barbu ( born January 17 , 1961 ) is a retired female long - distance runner from Romania , who specialized in the marathon race .
Till Rohe ( born 5 October 1987 ) is a male former water polo player from Germany .
Every year in his home town of Plainview , the Lavern Roach Memorial Award , is given as the highest honor bestowed upon a senior male student at Plainview High School by popular vote of the student body .
In 2007 the next - in - line to inherit the estate as the eldest male , John Westropp Figg - Hoblyn , put out a call to find John Paget Figg - Hoblyn before the inheritance which included Fir Hill Manor was lost .
Modesta Vžesniauskaitė ( born October 17 , 1983 in Panevėžys ) is a female road racing cyclist from Lithuania , who represented her nation at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Jessie Lopez De La Cruz ( 1919 -- September 2 , 2013 ) was a Chicano American farm worker , the first female recruiter for the UFW , an organizer and participant in UFW strikes , a community organizer , a working mother , and a delegate to the 1972 Democratic National Convention .
Tiffany Cherry ( born 4 August 1971 ) is an Australian sports broadcaster , best known as the Australian Football League ( AFL 's ) first female boundary rider on the original Fox Footy .
Harrison ( Arkansas ) High School continues to award the Brandon Burlsworth Award to one male and female athlete who best exemplify the strength of character and work ethic known as `` The Burls Way '' .
Marcin Jagoda ( born December 28 , 1980 in Tarzana , California ) is a male beach volleyball player from the United States who participated at the NORCECA Circuit 2009 at Manzanillo playing with Seth Burnham .
Emma Croker ( née Layland ; b. September 29 , 1982 ) is an English female rugby union player .
In 1994 , the Pennsylvania Bar Association established the Anne X. Alpern Award , which is awarded annually to a female jurist who demonstrates excellence in the legal profession and makes a significant professional impact on women in the law .
Juan Carlos Cardona Rivas ( born September 7 , 1974 in Jardin , Antioquia ) is a male marathon runner from Colombia , who thrice represented his native country in the men 's marathon at the Summer Olympics ( 2004 , 2008 and 2012 ) .
Vanessa Cootes ( born July 26 , 1969 ) is a former female rugby union winger .
Rosika `` Rózsa '' Bédy - Schwimmer ( best known as Rosika Schwimmer , September 11 , 1877 -- August 3 , 1948 ) was a Hungarian - born pacifist , feminist and female suffragist .
Yasemin Ustalar ( later Yasemin Çabuk ) is a Turkish female boxer .
Gülkız Ürbül ( 1901 - -1990 ) was a Turkish woman who became the first female muhtar ( village chief ) in Turkey in 1933 .
Xue Chen ( Chinese : 薛晨 ; pinyin : Xuē Chén ; born 18 February 1989 in Fuzhou , Fujian ) is a Chinese female beach volleyball player , measuring 191 centimetres ( 6 ft 3 in ) in height .
Billie Davies ( born Billie Goegebeur , December 10 , 1955 , in Bruges ) is an American female jazz drummer and composer best known for her avant garde and avant - garde jazz compositions since the mid-1990s , and her improvisational drumming techniques she has performed in Europe and in the United States .
Tiger Devore , previously known as Howard Devore and Tiger Howard Devore , is a clinical psychologist , sex therapist , and spokesperson on intersex issues .
Amanda González Gutiérrez ( born January 21 , 1979 in Santander , Cantabria ) is a former female field hockey player from Spain .
Benjamin Kimutai Koskei ( born September 5 , 1971 ) is a male long - distance runner from Kenya , who won the 2002 edition of the Amsterdam Marathon , clocking 2:07:26 .
Satoko Akiyama ( 秋山 紗登子 Akiyama Satoko ) is a female Japanese popular music artist .
Libor Pimek ( born 3 August 1963 ) is a former professional male tennis player .
Winsome Pinnock ( born 1961 ) is an award - winning British playwright of Jamaican heritage , who is `` probably Britain 's most well known black female playwright '' .
Song Xiaoyun ( simplified Chinese : 宋晓云 ; traditional Chinese : 宋曉雲 ; pinyin : Sòng Xiǎoyún ) , born 11 December 1982 in Anshan , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese basketball player who was part of the team that won the gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games .
Sun Longjiang ( simplified Chinese : 孙龙将 ; traditional Chinese : 孫龍將 ; pinyin : Sūn Lóngjiāng ; born August 23 , 1992 in Jilin ) is a Chinese male speed skater .
Lena Wilson ( ca . 1898 -- ca . 1939 ) was an American blues singer in the classic female blues style .
Fahreta Živojinović ( née Jahić ; born 20 October 1960 ) , known by her stage name Lepa Brena , is a pop singer , actress , and talent manager , arguably the most popular singer of former Yugoslavia and the top - selling female recording artist from Yugoslavia with more than 40 million records sold .
Wu Shuijiao ( simplified Chinese : 吴水娇 ; traditional Chinese : 吳水娇 ; pinyin : Wú Shuǐjiāo ; born 19 June 1992 ) is a female Chinese track and field athlete who competes in hurdling .
Nathalie Descamps ( born 5 January 1983 in Bilzen ) is a female right - handed badminton player from Belgium .
The earliest cult images of Dionysus show a mature male , bearded and robed .
Mohammed Sleem ( 14 January 1892 -- around 1980 ) was an Indian male tennis player and lawyer who represented India at the Davis Cup and Olympic Games .
Prince Aleksander Janusz Zasławski - Ostrogski ( 1650 - -1682 ) was the last male representative of the Ostrogski princely line .
Imre Szitás ( born September 4 , 1961 in Mosonmagyaróvár , Győr - Moson - Sopron ) is a retired male hammer thrower from Hungary , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Sanna - June Hyde was also in the popular `` Arsenikkia ja vanhoja pitsejä ( Arsenic and Old Lace ) as the sole female in the cast , as the two female roles were played by men ..
Michael Raab ( born December 28 , 1982 ) is a male butterfly swimmer from the United States , who won the gold medal in the men 's 200 m butterfly event at the 2003 Pan American Games .
The group existed more in name than as an actual team , there were no regular size male competitors for Comandante Pierroth to team up with for matches .
Małgorzata Birbach ( born February 17 , 1960 in Brodnica , Kuyavian - Pomeranian ) is a former female long - distance runner from Poland , who represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Laura Montalvo ( born 29 March 1976 ) is an Argentine former professional female tennis player .
Indu Puri ( born 1953 ) is a former Indian international female Table tennis sportsperson in the 1970s and 1980s .
Song - Hee Kim ( Korean : 김송희 , born 16 July 1988 ) is a Korean female professional golfer currently playing on the United States - based LPGA Tour .
Augusta Browne ( 1820 - -1882 ) was an American composer who became renowned in the 1850s as part of the first wave of female composers in the country .
Virginie Sarpaux ( born 12 June 1977 ) is a French female former volleyball player .
Darya Romenskaya ( Belarusian : Дар'я Роменская ; born March 10 , 1983 in Hrodna ) is a female Belarusian springboard diver .
Taiwo Oladoye ( full name : Esther Taiwo David - Oladoye)is an award - winning Nigerian female contemporary gospel singer and composer .
Cynthia Lummis is one of three female U.S. Representatives in Congress who identifies as a `` congressman '' ; the others are Republicans Marsha Blackburn and Diane Black of Tennessee .
Juan Carlos Vega ( born 15 September 1975 ) is a retired Spanish male volleyball player .
Zdzisław Szlapkin ( born January 18 , 1961 in Chodzież , Wielkopolskie ) is a male former racewalker from Poland , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Marino Franicevic ( born 24 December 1982 ) is a former Georgian male water polo player , playing at the center position .
Nina Bendigkeit was the first female singer of Blutengel together with Kati Roloff .
Sandy Park is a rugby union stadium and conference and banqueting centre in Exeter , England .
Jane Craven was an American tennis player of the end of the 19th century .
Per Günther ( February 5 , 1988 ) is a German basketball player from Hagen , Germany .
Håvard Klemetsen ( born 5 January 1979 ) is a Norwegian Nordic combined skier who has competed since 2002 , representing Kautokeino I.L. He debuted in the World Cup in 2003 .
Ramón Arano Bravo ( August 31 , 1939 -- May 5 , 2012 ) was a Mexican professional baseball starting pitcher who is enshrined in the Mexican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame .
The 1973 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 25 schools playing in single - elimination play to determine the national champion of men 's NCAA University Division ( the predecessor to today 's Division I , which would be created later in 1973 ) college basketball .
Summerfield Johnston III , a.k.a . Skeeter Johnston , ( 1954 - 2007 ) was an American businessman and polo player .
Dennis Espino ( born December 20 , 1973 in Angeles City , Pampanga , Philippines ) is a Filipino retired professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association .
The Inland Empire 66ers are a minor league baseball team in San Bernardino , California , United States .
Autódromo Termas de Río Hondo is a motorsport circuit located in Termas de Río Hondo , Argentina .
Birgir Björn Pétursson ( born January 24 , 1986 in Iceland ) is an Icelandic professional basketball player who currently plays for UBC Münster in Germany .
The 1999 Family Circle Cup was a WTA tennis tournament , played on outdoor clay courts .
Heinz Ulzheimer ( born December 27 , 1925 ) was a West German athlete , who mainly competed in the 800 metres .
The 2015 Esiliiga B was the 3rd season of the Esiliiga B , the third - highest Estonian league for association football clubs , since its establishment in 2013 .
The Cornish Sharks were founded in 2005 by Brian Smallworth , Richard Atkinson and Martin Phillips , all of whom were experienced players or coaches looking to bring American football back to Cornwall after the demise of the county 's only other team the Duchy Destroyers , who had folded some eleven years earlier .
The Ngongotaha Chiefs are a New Zealand rugby league club .
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim II is the reserve team of German association football club TSG 1899 Hoffenheim , based in Hoffenheim , Baden - Württemberg .
The 2011 LDB was the first edition of Liga de Desenvolvimento de Basquete , the Under-22 Brazilian basketball league .
The 1998 Sultan Azlan Shah Cup was the 8th edition of field hockey tournament the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup .
The 1997 Japan Open Tennis Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo in Japan that was part of the Championship Series of the 1997 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 1997 WTA Tour .
Gail Chanfreau ( born Gail Sherriff 3 April 1945 ) , also known as Gail Lovera and Gail Benedetti , is a former amateur and professional tennis player .
Thora Gerda Sofie Castenschiold ( 1 February 1882 -- 30 January 1979 ) was a Danish tennis player at the beginning of the 20th century .
Redbergslids IK , RIK , is a handball team from Gothenburg , Sweden founded in 1916 .
José Luis Villarreal ( born 17 March 1966 ) is an Argentinian association football coach and former player .
Olympikus is a Brazilian sports brand , which makes equipment for running , tennis , volleyball and football .
The NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world championship and secondary title in the National Wrestling Alliance that was for the lighter wrestlers .
The 1893 FA Cup Final was an association football ( soccer ) game contested by Wolverhampton Wanderers and Everton .
Cobi Crispin ( born 22 December 1988 ) is a 4 point wheelchair basketball forward from Western Australia .
Dominique Harris ( born April 14 , 1987 ) is a former American football defensive back .
Orlando Salido vs. Vasyl Lomachenko , was a boxing bout for the WBO world title .
ČEZ Motor České Budějovice are a professional men 's ice hockey club , based in České Budějovice , Czech Republic .
Jonathan Rush ( born January 3 , 1989 ) is an American football offensive lineman for the Oklahoma State Cowboys .
The 1926 Australasian Championships ( now known as the Australian Open ) was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor Grass courts at the Memorial Drive , Adelaide , Australia from 23 January to 2 February .
The New York Rovers were a senior ice hockey team that was established in 1935 .
The World Cup of Softball is an annual softball tournament .
David Mouriz Dopico ( born December 31 , 1982 in Ferrol , Spain ) is a professional wheelchair basketball player from Spain .
Conel Hugh O'Donel Alexander , CMG , CBE ( 19 April 1909 -- 15 February 1974 ) , was an Irish - born British cryptanalyst , chess player , and chess writer .
The World Chess Championship ( sometimes abbreviated as WCC ) is played to determine the World Champion in chess .
Ana Macarena Rodríguez Pérez ( born 10 June 1978 in Mendoza , Argentina ) is an Argentine field hockey player .
Johan Passave - Ducteil ( born July 13 , 1985 ) is a French basketball player who last played for JSF Nanterre of the French League .
The Mojo 6 was a professional golf tournament contested by 16 amateur and professional golfers .
Silke Nowitzki ( born July 12 , 1974 in Würzburg , West Germany ) is a German former international basketball player .
Gérard Buscher ( born 5 November 1960 in Algiers ) is a former professional French association football player and now manager .
Siim - Sander Vene ( born November 12 , 1990 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player , who currently plays for Žalgiris Kaunas of the Lithuanian Basketball League ( LKL ) .
Alena Vašková ( married name Alena Neštická ; born 8 November 1975 in Rožnov pod Radhoštěm ) is a retired Czech tennis player .
The 1937 Melrose High School ( Iowa ) Shamrocks were the Iowa state high school basketball champions .
The Copenhagen Open was a tennis tournament on the World Championship Tennis ( WCT ) circuit and ATP Tour .
William Warren Fenley ( February 8 , 1922 -- January 18 , 2009 ) was a professional basketball player who spent one season in the Basketball Association of America ( BAA ) as a member of the Boston Celtics ( 1946 - -47 ) .
The IIHF Super Cup was an ice hockey event played between each winner of the two main European club tournaments of the year .
Li Muhao ( Chinese : 李慕豪 ; pinyin : Li Mùháo ) is a Chinese basketball player who currently plays for Shenzhen Leopards in the Chinese Basketball Association .
The Confederation of African Athletics ( CAA ) ( also known by its French name Confédération Africaine d'Athlétisme ) is the continental association for the sport of athletics in Africa .
Paul Kronk ( born 22 September 1954 in Toowoomba , Queensland ) is a former tennis player from Australia Krok won seven doubles titles during his professional career .
The Pan American Women 's Handball Championship is the official competition for senior national handball teams of North , Center , Caribbean and South America , and takes place every two years .
Erik Lorig ( born November 17 , 1986 ) is an American football fullback who is currently a free agent .
The Aarne Honkavaara trophy is an ice hockey trophy given by the Finnish Liiga to the player who scores the most goals during regular season play .
The Caimanes de Barranquilla are a baseball team in the Colombian Professional Baseball League .
David Laliberté ( born March 17 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player , who currently is a free agent .
While England was the team that qualified Great Britain for the Olympics , the Great Britain national rugby sevens team is able to select players from Wales and Scotland as well as England similar to the British and Irish Lions in rugby union .
AEK Women 's Volleyball Club is the women volleyball section of the major Greek multi - sport club of A.E.K ..
Arisa Takada ( 高田ありさ Takada Arisa , born February 17 , 1987 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows .
The 1999 Kroger St. Jude International was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor Hard courts in Memphis , United States , that was part of the Championship Series of the 1999 ATP Tour .
Georges Goven ( born 26 April 1948 , in Lyon ) is a retired tennis player from France .
The 1996 Chase Championships was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at Madison Square Garden in New York City , New York in the United States .
Mehdi Abid Charef ( born 14 December 1980 in Constantine ) is an Algerian association football referee .
The AAA Latin American Championship ( `` Campeonato Latinoamericano AAA '' in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by the Asistencia Asesoría y Administración promotion in Mexico .
Andrzej Szewiński ( born 20 February 1970 in Warsaw , Poland ) is a former professional volleyball player ( 198 cm , opposite hitter ) , sport activist and politician , since 2007 member of the Polish Senate .
Adel Fellous ( born 16 February 1978 in France ) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Lezignan Sangliers club in the French Elite One Championship .
The 2007 Tashkent Open was a women 's tennis tournament on the 2007 WTA Tour .
Joel Hoover is an American former basketball player who played for Maryland Eastern Shore from 1996 to 1999 .
Eddy Clarisse ( born May 27 , 1972 ) is a retired badminton player from Mauritius , who started playing badminton in 1987 , ending his career in March 2006 at the Commonwealth Games in Melbourne , Australia .
Christian Penigaud ( born February 27 , 1964 in Poitiers ) is a retired beach volleyball player from France , who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1996 .
Kyle Bruce ( born March 30 , 1983 in Garden Bay , British Columbia ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player ,
Ageeth Boomgaardt ( born November 16 , 1972 in Tilburg ) is a Dutch former field hockey defender , who played 192 international matches for the Netherlands , in which she scored 86 goals .
The Derby Trailblazers are a basketball club from Derby , which operates several Men 's teams in the English Basketball League , as well as Women 's and Junior teams at a variety of levels .
Joseph Blair ( born June 12 , 1974 ) is an American former professional basketball player currently working as an assistant coach for the Rio Grande Valley Vipers of the NBA Development League .
Saeid Davarpanah Fard Karekani ( Persian : سعید داورپناه فرد كركانی‎‎ , born September 7 , 1987 ) is an Iranian professional basketball player , currently playing as a guard for Hamyari Shahrdari in the Iranian Basketball Super League .
The 2010 Rally Catalunya was the twelfth and penultimate round of the 2010 World Rally Championship season .
Daniel Ellensohn ( born 9 August 1985 in Cape Town ) is an association football striker from New Zealand who currently plays for Samoa based League side Kiwi FC .
Timoci Matanavou ( born 8 July 1984 in Lautoka , Fiji ) is a Fijian rugby union player .
Mauricio Aguiar ( born February 3 , 1983 , in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan professional basketball player .
Bruce Richardson ( born June 8 , 1977 , Ville Saint - Pierre , Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a former professional ice hockey player best known for his time playing for Braehead Clan and the Nottingham Panthers in the British Elite Ice Hockey League and for the Hershey Bears in the American Hockey League .
Tony Jefferson ( born January 27 , 1992 ) is an American football safety who currently plays for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League .
Lajos Mocsai ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈlɒjoʃ ˈmotʃɒ.i ) ; born 10 March 1954 ) is a former Hungarian international handball player , coach , university professor and sports director .
The 2011 Tuvalu A - Division ( also known as the 2011 National Provident Fund Championship League ) is the 11th season of top flight association football in Tuvalu .
The 1995 Gallery Furniture Championships was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Westside Tennis Club in Houston , Texas in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1995 WTA Tour .
Henk Meijer ( born 22 July 1959 ) is a Dutch taekwondo coach and former Olympic taekwondo competitor .
AZS Częstochowa is a Polish professional volleyball team , based in Częstochowa .
Thiago Soares Alves ( born 1986 ) is a Brazilian volleyball player , who is a wing spiker and competes for Fenerbahçe Grundig and the national team .
The Ranfurly Shield , colloquially known as the Log o ' Wood , is a trophy in New Zealand 's domestic rugby union competition .
The Women 's British Open is a major championship in women 's professional golf .
John Destin ( born August 17 , 1986 in Belle Glade , Florida ) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent of the Arena Football League .
Catherine Ward ( born February 27 , 1987 ) is a member of the Canada women 's national ice hockey team .
Uvis Helmanis ( born June 10 , 1972 in Talsi , Latvian SSR , USSR ) is a former Latvian professional basketball player who played power forward position .
The Argentine Rugby Union ( Spanish : Unión Argentina de Rugby , abbreviated `` UAR '' ) is the governing body for rugby union in Argentina .
The 1985 Mr. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition held on October 26 , 1985 at the Forest National Theatre in Brussels , Belgium .
The 1999 FIVB Volleyball World League was the tenth edition of the annual men 's volleyball tournament , played by 12 countries from May 28 to July 17 , 1999 .
András Török ( born September 7 , 1978 in Budapest ) is a professional squash player who represented Hungary .
Jérôme Garcès ( born 24 October 1973 in Pau ) is a French rugby union referee who regularly officiates high profile club matches in tournaments such as Pro 12 , Top 14 and the Heineken Cup .
Gilbert Fuchs ( b. 1871 in Graz , Austria - d. 1952 in Germany ) was a German figure skater and world champion in figure skating .
Warrington Wolves RLFC is a professional rugby league football club based in Warrington , England that competes in Super League .
Artūrs Štālbergs ( born October 15 , 1984 ) is a Latvian former professional basketball player and current basketball coach .
Philippe Gallart ( born Béziers , 18 December 1962 ) is a former French rugby union footballer and coach .
The 2000 Direct Line International Championships was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Eastbourne Tennis Centre in Eastbourne in the United Kingdom that was part of Tier II of the 2000 WTA Tour .
Patrick Richard ( born January 25 , 1990 ) is an American basketball player who is currently playing for Reims Champagne Basket .
João Pedro Coelho Marinho de Sousa ( born 30 March 1989 ) , known as João Sousa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒuˈɐ̃ũ̯ ˈsowzɐ ) ) , is a Portuguese professional tennis player , who is ranked 33rd in the world by the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) , as of 1 February 2016 .
Carlisle RLFC were a rugby league team based in Carlisle , Cumbria .
Oleg Ogorodov ( Олег Огородов ; born July 16 , 1972 in Tashkent ) is a former tennis player , who turned professional in 1995 .
H. Briggs ( given name unknown ) was a British tennis player residing in Paris , France .
Fiona Moverley , ( born 25 January 1987 in Hull ) is a professional squash player who represented England as a junior .
Carl Cheffers is an American football official in the National Football League ( NFL ) since the 2000 NFL season , who wears uniform number 51 .
AfroBasket 2011 was the 26th FIBA Africa Championship , played under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball , the basketball sport governing body , and the African zone thereof .
Milo Komenich ( June 22 , 1920 - -May 25 , 1977 ) was an American collegiate and professional basketball player .
The Honolulu Marathon ( branded JAL Honolulu Marathon for sponsorship reasons ) is a major 26.2-mile ( 42.2 km ) marathon in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Kelly van Zon ( born 15 September 1987 in Oosterhout , Netherlands ) is a Dutch table tennis player competing in both disabled and able - bodied competitions .
FC KUZBASS Kemerovo ( Russian : ФК `` КУЗБАСС '' Кемерово ) was an association football club from Kemerovo , Russia , founded in 1946 .
Marcin Matkowski ( born 15 January 1981 ) is a Polish professional tennis player whose speciality is in doubles .
Dungannon RFC ( Dungannon Rugby Football Club ) is a rugby union club from Dungannon , Northern Ireland , playing in Division 2B of the All - Ireland League .
Kelsey Wilson ( born January 22 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is an unrestricted free agent .
The 2002 AAPT Championships was a men 's ATP tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Adelaide in Australia and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour .
Pete Lalich ( June 23 , 1920 -- February 1 , 2008 ) was a professional basketball player for the Cleveland Rebels of the Basketball Association of America ( now known as the National Basketball Association ) .
Jim Bilba ( born April 17 , 1968 in Pointe - à - Pitre ) is a former basketball player from France .
Tina Flognman ( born 29 June 1981 ) is a Swedish handball player who plays for the club Viborg HK and the Sweden women 's national handball team .
The 2011 European Tour was the third edition of the Race to Dubai and the 40th season of golf tournaments since the European Tour officially began in 1972 .
Bill Wensink is a Canadian former ice hockey player .
Yuanling Yuan ( born June 1994 , Shanghai , China ) is a Canadian chess player .
Emma Jensen ( born November 25 , 1977 ) is rugby union player for New Zealand and Auckland .
Tommy O'Donnell ( born 21 May 1987 in Cahir , Tipperary , Ireland ) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the Pro 12 and European Rugby Champions Cup .
The Belarusian Extraleague ( abbreviated BXL , also known as the Belarusian Open Championship ) , officially formed in 2006 , is the top ice hockey league in Belarus .
The 2015 Conference USA Men 's Basketball Tournament was the post - season men 's basketball tournament for Conference USA , held March 11 - -14 , 2015 , in Birmingham , Alabama , at Legacy Arena .
The Tshwane Open is a golf tournament that was played for the first time in February / March 2013 .
Aristeidis Roubanis ( Greek : Αριστείδης Ρουμπάνης , born in 1932 in Tripoli , Greece ) is a retired international professional basketball player and javelin thrower .
The Tarrasch Defense is a chess opening characterized by the moves : 1 .
The 2014 Wimbledon Championships Men 's Singles final was the championship tennis match of the Men 's Singles tournament at the 2014 Wimbledon Championships .
HC Dynamo Pardubice is a professional ice hockey club that plays in the Czech Extraliga .
The 2015 Tajik League is the 24th season of Tajik League , the Tajikistan Football Federation 's top division of association football .
The Bergamo Lions is an American football team from Bergamo , Italy .
Nemanja Bešović ( Cyrillic : Немања Бешовић ; born June 8 , 1992 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for VOO Wolves Verviers - Pepinster of the Belgian League .
The 1997 Torneo Godó was a men 's tennis tournament played on Clay in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1997 ATP Tour .
Ricardo Guillén Mendoza ( born Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain , 17 June 1976 ) is a Spanish basketball player .
Charrua Rugby Clube is a Brazilian rugby union club from the city of Porto Alegre , Rio Grande do Sul .
Lenka Háječková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈlɛŋka ˈɦaːjɛtʃkovaː ) ) née Felbabová ( ˈfɛlbabovaː ) ( born 18 April 1978 ) is a Czech beach volleyball player .
Levi Benima ( 11 May 1838 , Nieuweschans -- February 1922 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch chess master who twice won the Dutch Championship , in 1881 in The Hague and in 1883 in Rotterdam .
Terry Holladay ( born November 28 , 1955 ) is an American former professional tennis player who played between 1974 and 1987 , whose tennis career is particularly remembered for her pregnancy and its impact on protected rankings .
The 2010 Korea Open Super Series is the first tournament of the 2010 BWF Super Series in badminton .
Don Redden ( died March 8 , 1988 ) was an American basketball player .
The 2011 State of Origin series was the 30th annual best - of - three series of interstate rugby league football matches between the Queensland and New South Wales representative teams contested under `` State of Origin '' selection rules .
The XPW World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in the Xtreme Pro Wrestling promotion .
George Koltanowski ( also `` Georges '' ; 17 September 1903 -- 5 February 2000 ) was a Belgian - born American chess player , promoter , and writer .
The All - Japan Women 's Ice Hockey Championship ( Japanese : 全日本女子アイスホッケー選手権大会 ) is an annual women 's ice hockey tournament in Japan .
The 2011 Missouri Valley Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament , popularly referred to as `` Arch Madness '' , as part of the 2010 - 11 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season was played in St. Louis , Missouri March 3 - -6 , 2011 at the Scottrade Center .
Danny Seemiller is a championship winning table tennis player from the United States .
IPW New Zealand Heavyweight Championship is the top professional wrestling championship title in the New Zealand promotion Impact Pro Wrestling .
Renan Lavigne ( born 1 November 1974 in Longjumeau ) is a professional squash player from France .
The Cock of the North was a golf tournament held in Zambia .
Sean Cattouse ( born October 4 , 1988 ) is an American football free safety who is currently a free agent .
Yuya Saito ( 斉藤祐也 ) ( born 28 April 1977 ) is a Japanese rugby union footballer .
The Cajun Classic Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour usually played in late November in the late 1950s and 1960s .
The 1997 Bausch & Lomb Championships was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Amelia Island Plantation on Amelia Island , Florida in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1997 WTA Tour .
Daan Human ( born 3 April 1976 ) is a retired rugby union player who last played for Toulouse in the Top 14 competition .
Chan Ho Park (; born June 30 , 1973 ) is a South Korean former professional baseball pitcher .
The Xiamen International Marathon ( Chinese : 厦门国际马拉松赛 ; pinyin : Xiàmén guójì mǎlāsōng sài ) is an annual marathon race held in January in the coastal city of Xiamen in Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Nigel Walker ( born 15 June 1963 ) is a former Welsh track and field athlete and Wales international rugby union player .
Timo Boll ( born 8 March 1981 ) is a German professional table tennis player who currently plays with Borussia Düsseldorf and is ranked second in the German Table Tennis National League .
The Grand Prix Rouwmoer is a cyclo - cross race held in Essen , Belgium , which is part of the BPost Bank Trophy .
The FIBT World Championships 2015 took place at the Winterberg bobsleigh , luge , and skeleton track in Winterberg , Germany for the fourth time from 23 February to 8 March 2015 .
The 2013 County Championship season , known as the LV= County Championship for sponsorship reasons , was the 114th cricket County Championship season .
René Herms ( 17 July 1982 -- 9 January 2009 ) was a German middle distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres .
The Aamby Valley Asian Masters was an Asian Tour golf tournament that was played only once , in May 2006 at the Aambt Valley Golf Club in Mumbai .
Rossiya Tournament 1988 in bandy was played in Abakan during the period of 26 - 31 January 1990 , and was won by the Soviet Union .
Fenerbahçe Men 's Basketball Team ( Turkish : Fenerbahçe Erkek Basketbol Takımı ) is a Turkish professional basketball team from Istanbul , Turkey .
Wilderspool Stadium was a rugby league stadium located in Warrington , England .
James Slipper ( born 6 June 1989 in Gold Coast , Queensland ) is an Australian rugby union player who plays at prop .
Joe Whalen ( 1916 - -1994 ) was an American tennis player in the 1930s who won a number of championships ; he was originally from Millinocket , Maine , but grew up in Miami , Florida .
The Badminton Oceania ( BOC ) is the governing body of badminton in Oceania .
His father , Carlton Baugh Snr . , also played cricket between 1980 and 1983 .
Evgenija Ovod ( born 10 November 1982 ) is a Russian chess player , an international master and a woman grandmaster .
Igor Yudin ( born 17 June 1987 in Yekaterinburg , Russia ) is an Australian volleyball player with Russian origins .
Muthulakshmi is the widow of Veerappan , a notorius killer and sandalwood smuggler who was killed by Special Task Force police in 2004 .
Silvia Gašparovičová née Beníková ( born 13 January 1941 ) was the First Lady of Slovakia , wife of Ivan Gašparovič .
Mary Peters Fieser ( May 27 , 1909 -- March 22 , 1997 ) was an American chemist best known for the many books she wrote with her husband Louis Fieser .
Carolyn Dennis ( born 1954 ) , sometimes known professionally as Carol Dennis or Carol Dennis - Dylan , is an American singer and actor best known for her work with and marriage to Bob Dylan .
Mario Merz ( 1 January 1925 -- 9 November 2003 ) was an Italian artist , and husband of Marisa Merz .
Catherine Jagiellon ( Polish : Katarzyna Jagiellonka ; Swedish : Katarina Jagellonica ; 1 November 1526 -- 16 September 1583 ) was a Polish princess and the wife of John III of Sweden .
Actress Poonam Narula married actor Manish Goel and has a son and a daughter where son is now a teenager .
Her real name is unknown and is never mentioned in the novel ; she is referred to as `` Xiaolongnü '' by other people , and as `` Long'er '' by Yang Guo , her teacher and Granny Sun .
Nebtu : she is depicted on a pillar in Thutmose III 's tomb .
Princess Louise of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Glücksburg ( 6 January 1858 , Schloss Luisenlund , Kiel , Duchy of Schleswig -- 2 July 1936 , Marburg an der Lahn , Hesse , Germany ) was the princess consort of George Victor , Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont .
Ri Sol - ju or Lee Seol - ju ( Korean : 리설주 ; born 1985 - -89 ) is the wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong - un .
' ' She does have a story about Aristotle Onassis , who rented a home in neighboring Bernardsville with his wife , Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis .
Imperial Noble Consort Zhemin was a consort to the Qianlong Emperor .
Princess Joséphine Charlotte of Belgium ( Joséphine Charlotte Ingeborg Elisabeth Maria Josepha / Marie - José Margarethe / Marguerite Astrid ; 11 October 1927 - 10 January 2005 ) , also Grand Duchess Joséphine Charlotte of Luxembourg was the Grand Duchess consort of Jean , Grand Duke of Luxembourg .
Vivian Fernández de Torrijos ( born Vivian Del Carmen Fernandez Bello on March 25 , 1966 ) became the First Lady of Panama on September 1 , 2004 , when she married President Martín Torrijos , serving in that post until he left office as President in July 1 , 2009 .
Matilda of Holstein or Mechthild ( 1220 or 1225 -- 1288 in Kiel ) was a Danish queen consort , married to King Abel of Denmark and later to Birger Jarl , Regent of Sweden .
Linda Lee Cadwell ( born Linda C. Emery ; March 21 , 1945 ) is an American teacher and the widow of martial arts master and actor Bruce Lee .
Alsodes norae is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family endemic to the Chilean Coast Range in the Valdivia Province , Chile .
Lycodon alcalai , also known as Alcala 's wolf snake , is a species of colubrid snake found on the islands of Batan and Sabtang in the Philippines .
Hierochloe is a genus of plants in the grass family known generally as sweetgrass .
The Pemba green pigeon ( Treron pembaensis ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Orkoraptor is a genus of large theropod dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Period of Argentina .
Ceropegia linearis is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family , native to Southern Africa .
Clubiona is a large spider genus that occurs almost worldwide , although in South America , it is only found in Chile .
Amphecostephanus rex is a species of praying mantis found in Angola and Malawi .
Crowea saligna is widely cultivated due to its attractive flowers that appear when most other species are dormant .
Buxus colchica ( syn . B. hyrcana ) is a species of Buxus native to Azerbaijan , Georgia , Russia , and Turkey .
Chromolaena misella is a Mexican species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family .
Gadella is a genus of morid cod .
Bunomys is a genus of rodent from Sulawesi and Butung Island .
Bufo tuberculatus , commonly known as the Qinghai Lake toad or round - warted toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Procellariiformes is an order of seabirds that comprises four families : the albatrosses , petrels and shearwaters , storm petrels , and diving petrels .
Nebria is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic , the Near East and North Africa .
Quercus stenophylla is an oak species found in Japan , South Korea and Taiwan .
Anomalomyidae is a family of extinct muroid rodents from Europe .
Miguashaiidae is an extinct family of prehistoric coelacanth fishes which lived during the Devonian period .
Paterinata is an extinct class of Paleozoic Era Linguliform brachiopod .
Maesopsis eminii is a species of tree in the family Rhamnaceae found in India and Africa and also known as the umbrella tree .
Excidobates captivus , the Santiago poison frog or Rio Santiago poison frog , is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae .
Deinacrida rugosa , commonly called the Cook Strait giant weta , is a species of insect in the family Anostostomatidae .
Physoderma is a genus of chytrid fungi .
Pseudomugil signifer , the Pacific blue - eye , is a species of fish in the family Pseudomugilidae .
Chaetosiphon fragaefolii , the strawberry aphid , is a bug species in the genus Chaetosiphon found in the United States ( Arizona ) , Argentina and Chile .
Gueragama is an extinct genus of iguanian lizard from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil .
Lophocolea heterophylla , the variable - leaved crestwort , is a liverwort species belonging to the order Jungermanniales , which is the largest liverwort order .
The Tonnidae are a family of medium - sized to very large sea snails , known as the tun shells .
Stenodactylus pulcher , common name Beautiful Short - fingered Gecko , is a gecko species in the genus Stenodactylus .
Amaurobius crassipalpis is a spider species found in Germany , Switzerland and Italy .
Rhinella achavali is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is found in Uruguay and southernmost Brazil ( Rio Grande do Sul ) .
Westia is a genus of moths in the Psychidae family .
Ichtyoselmis macrantha ( also spelled Ichthyoselmis ; formerly known as Dicentra macrantha ; large - flowered dicentra ) is the only species in the genus Ichtyoselmis .
Agastache parvifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name small - leaf giant hyssop .
Boiga philippina , also known as the Tawny Cat - Eyed Snake or Philippine Cat Snake , a species of rear - fanged colubrid snake that is endemic to the Philippines .
Cricocosmia is a genus of palaeoscolecid worm from the Early Cambrian Chengjiang biota .
Hoplocorypha salfii is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia and Somalia .
Xyloiuloidea is an extinct superfamily of millipedes known from the Lower Devonian through the Upper Pennsylvanian of Europe and North America .
Monkey beetles are scarab beetles , a group of several genera within the tribe Hopliini .
Ozyptila confluens is a crab spider species found in Southern Europe and Syria .
However , under the ICN 's 2011 `` one fungus , one name '' principle , fungi can not have different names for their anamorphic and teleomorphic stages if they are found to be the same species so Elaphocordyceps subsessilis was made a synonym of Tolypocladium inflatum .
Rubus thibetanus , sometimes known as ghost bramble , is a species of deciduous shrub in the genus Rubus , native to western China , where the local Chinese name may be translated into English as Tibetan dewberry .
Malacosarcus macrostoma is a species of pricklefish found in the western central Pacific Ocean and possibly the northeast Atlantic Ocean at depths of from 2,777 to 4,438 metres ( 9,111 to 14,560 ft ) .
Amblymoropsis fusca is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Amblymoropsis .
Philodromus simoni is a spider species found in Spain and Algeria .
The type species is Batrachognathus volans .
Trachydoras is a genus of thorny catfishes native to South America .
Sauroniops is a genus of predatory basal carcharodontosaurid theropod dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous ( Cenomanian stage ) of Morocco .
Malawisuchus ( meaning `` Malawi crocodile '' ) is an extinct genus of notosuchian mesoeucrocodylian from the Early Cretaceous of Malawi .
Parviparma straminea is a species of sleeper goby endemic to the Philippines .
Acer pentaphyllum ( 五小叶枫 wu xiao ye feng ) is a very rare , endangered maple species endemic to southwestern Sichuan in China , at altitudes of 2300 - -2900 meters .
The bird order Casuariiformes has four surviving members : the three species of cassowary , and the only remaining species of emu .
Eurhinosaurus ( ' well - nosed lizard ' ) is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur from the Early Jurassic ( Toarcian ) of Europe ( England , Germany , Benelux , France & Switzerland ) .
Sidalcea diploscypha is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name fringed checkerbloom .
Anisota virginiensis , the Pink - Striped Oakworm Moth , is a species of silk moth of the family Saturniidae .
Hoplocorypha striata is a species of praying mantis found in Namibia .
Stackhousia subterranea ( Gunn 's Mignonette or Grasslands Candles ) is a perennial herb species in the family Celastraceae .
Diazona violacea is a species of tunicate , an ascidian in the family Diazonidae .
Pteris vittata , commonly known variously as the Chinese brake , Chinese ladder brake , or simply ladder brake , is a fern species in the Pteridoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae .
Oberea acuta is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Gressitt in 1951 .
Antroposthiidae is a family of acoelomorph worms , containing three genera and four species :
Allacanthos is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae
Arnica ovata is a North American species of arnica in the sunflower family , known by the common name Sticky leaf arnica .
Metteniusa santanderensis is a species of plant in the Cardiopteridaceae family .
Lankascincus deraniyagalae , commonly known as Deraniyagala 's Lanka skink or Deraniyagala 's tree skink , is a species of skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka .
Synodontis pardalis is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Cameroon where it occurs in the Dja River drainage .
The Sapphire Flutterer , ( Rhyothemis triangularis ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Farlowella martini is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in the coastal rivers draining into the Caribbean Sea .
Colura is a genus of epiphytic liverworts and consists of approximately 60 species that are distributed mostly in the tropics .
Hemipsilichthys nimius is a species of catfish belonging to the family Loricariidae .
Stefania percristata ( Spanish : rana stefania de Jaua ) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae .
Duranta erecta is a species of flowering shrub in the verbena family Verbenaceae , native from Mexico to South America and the Caribbean .
Polypedates is a genus of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae , the shrub frogs and Paleotropic tree frogs .
Correa reflexa var . speciosa , also known as eastern correa , is a variety of Correa reflexa , a shrub native to Australia .
Lasiosticha thermochroa is a species of snout moth in the genus Lasiosticha .
Carabus montivagus is a species of black coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in Albania , Bulgaria , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Romania , Slovakia , and all of the republics of the former Yugoslavia .
Mesojassoides is a genus of extinct leaf hopper from the Late Cretaceous , approximately 70 - 66 million years ago , Fox Hills Formation .
Achnatherum latiglume is a species of grass known by the common names wide - glumed needlegrass and Sierra needlegrass .
Aecidium amaryllidis is a species of fungus in the Pucciniales order .
Cephalopholis is a genus of fish in the Serranidae family .
Lamellodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with a single species Lamellodynerus nigrofulvus .
Nannodiella fraternalis is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae , .
Retrophyllum minus , the bois bouchon , is a species of conifer in the family Podocarpaceae .
Aegiceras corniculatum , commonly known as Black Mangrove , River Mangrove or Khalsi , is a species of shrub or tree mangrove in the Myrsine family ( or Primrose family ) with a distribution in coastal and estuarine areas ranging from India through South East Asia to southern China , New Guinea and Australia .
Deltocephalus is a leafhopper genus in the sub family Deltocephalinae .
Geranium potentilloides is a species of geranium known by the common name cinquefoil geranium .
Lepadicyathus mendeleevi is a species of clingfish endemic to the reefs around Papua New Guinea .
Niobichthys ferrarisi is the only species of the monotypic genus Niobichthys of loricariid catfish ( order Siluriformes ) .
Monascus is a genus of mold .
The Plecoptera are an order of insects , commonly known as stoneflies .
Synxenidae is a family of bristly millipedes ( Polyxenida ) .
Epigynum auritum is a plant species in the genus Epigynum .
Agnostida is an order of arthropod which first developed near the end of the Early Cambrian period and thrived during the Middle Cambrian .
Sarcochilus fitzgeraldii , commonly known as the Ravine Orchid , is a species of orchid endemic to Australia , where it is found from southeastern Queensland to northeastern New South Wales .
Juncus covillei is a species of rush known by the common name Coville 's rush .
Callionymus scabriceps is a species of dragonet found in the Pacific waters of the Philippines and possibly also from Taiwan .
Phasianella australis , common names the Australian pheasant , painted lady , and pheasant snail , is a medium - sized to large species of sea snail with a calcareous operculum and a colorfully patterned shell , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Phasianellidae .
Rubus saxatilis or stone bramble is a species of bramble widespread across Europe and Asia from Iceland and Spain east as far as China .
Vismia jefensis is a species of flowering plant in the Hypericaceae family .
Encelia actoni , also known by the common names Acton brittlebush and Acton encelia , is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Lactarius xanthogalactus , commonly known as the yellow - staining milkcap is a poisonous species of fungus in the family Russulaceae .
Byblia is a genus of nymphalid butterfly , commonly called Jokers , found in the Africa and the Indian subcontinent .
Uroplatus guentheri is a species of nocturnal gecko , which is endemic to Madagascar .
Diplocirrus glaucus is a species of marine polychaete found in ocean bottoms often consisting of mud , sand , shells or gravel .
Lewisia leeana ( orth.var . L. leana ) is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name quill - leaf lewisia .
Diplocardia longa is a species of earthworm native to North America .
Xerosecta adolfi is species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Purpuradusta minoridens , common name : the Small - toothed Cowry , is a species of tropical sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae .
Diplocardia is a genus of North American ( USA , Mexico ) earthworms with 52 - 57 known species that is remarkably similar to Australian Diplotrema Spencer , 1900 .
Poa pratensis , commonly known as Kentucky bluegrass , smooth meadow - grass , or common meadow - grass , is a perennial species of grass native to Europe , Asia , North America , and northern Africa .
Carmichaelia ( New Zealand Brooms ) is a genus of 24 plant species belonging to Fabaceae , the legume family .
Smilax glabra , the Chinaroot , tufuling ( 土茯苓 ) or sarsaparilla , is a plant species in the genus Smilax .
Saxifraga spathularis , the St Patrick's - cabbage , is a species of saxifrage native to the Portugal , Ireland and Spain .
The Sunda bush warbler ( Horornis vulcania ) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family .
Euthynnus affinis , the kawakawa or mackerel tuna , is a species of ray - finned bony fish in the family Scombridae , or mackerel family .
The Nitrosopumilales are an order of the Archaea class Thermoprotei .
Omobranchus fasciolatus , the Arab blenny or barred Arab blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean .
Gasterophilus haemorrhoidalis ( also called nose bot ) is a species of the genus Gasterophilus that lays eggs on the lips and around the mouth of horses , mules and donkey , but also reindeer .
Wiedomys is a genus of South American rodents in the family Cricetidae .
Delphinium depauperatum is a species of larkspur known by the common names slim larkspur and dwarf larkspur .
Paracallionymus costatus , the Ladder dragonet , is a species of dragonet found along the southern coast of Africa from Namibia to Mozambique where it occurs at depths of from 55 to 400 metres ( 180 to 1,312 ft ) .
Undulatodoliops undulatofasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Undulatodoliops .
It consists of only one species , Habrophila compseuta , which is found in New Zealand .
Eleoscytalopus is a genus of tapaculos found in lowland Atlantic forest of eastern Brazil .
Centaurea bella is a species of Centaurea found in Anatolia and Transcaucasia .
Beishanichthys is an extinct genus of scanilepiform bony fish which existed in Gansu Province , China during the early Triassic period .
Polygala subspinosa is a species of flowering plant in the milkwort family known by the common name spiny milkwort .
Symphyotrichum eatonii ( formerly Aster eatonii ) is a species of aster known by the common name Eaton 's aster .
Pethia meingangbii is a species of cyprinid native to Manipur , India .
The Chacoan tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys dorsalis ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Trichroa oberthuri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Trichroa .
Physalis coztomatl is a species of Physalis genus of plants .
Symphyotrichum greatae ( formerly Aster greatae ) is a species of aster known by the common name Greata 's aster .
Banara vanderbiltii is a rare species of plant in the willow family known by the common name palo de ramon .
Petalomyrmex ( from Greek petalos , `` flattened '' + myrmex , `` ant '' ) is a genus of ants in the subfamily Formicinae .
Argiope protensa is a species of the spider genus Argiope .
Colomesus is a genus of pufferfishes confined to tropical South America .
Draba globosa is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names beavertip draba , round - fruited draba , and rockcress draba .
Discherodontus is a small genus of cyprinid fishes found in Southeast Asia .
Pediocactus despainii is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Despain 's cactus and San Rafael cactus .
Galbula hylochoreutes is an extinct species of jacamar , small birds of the order of Coraciiformes .
Helodermoides is an extinct genus of anguid lizards from the Oligocene of North America .
Coxoplectoptera or `` chimera wings '' is a primitive , extinct order of winged insects containing one family , Mickoleitiidae , discovered in 2007 .
Parapeleconus latefasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parapeleconus .
Lobelia puberula is similar to two other Lobelia species in to the Eastern United States , Lobelia inflata ( Indian tobacco ) and Lobelia siphilitica ( great lobelia ) ; all display the characteristic `` lip '' petal near the opening of the flower and the `` milky '' liquid the plant excretes .
Michaelophorus hodgesi is a species of moth in the genus Michaelophorus , known from Puerto Rico .
†Lamellidea nakadai was a species of air - breathing tropical land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae .
Vokesimurex rubidus , common name : the rose murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Pleuroctenium is a genus of very small trilobites , that lived during the Middle Cambrian , in what are today Canada ( Newfoundland and New Brunswick ) , Czech Republic , England and Wales , France , and Sweden .
Parnaibaia is a genus of coelacanth fish which lived during the Late Jurassic period .
Irenosaurus is a genus of choristodere , a type of amphibious reptile .
Thermomesochra reducta is a species of copepod in the family Canthocamptidae , and the only species in the genus Thermomesochra .
Sphegina is a genus of small , slender hoverflies associated with woodlands .
Capparis sandwichiana is a species of flowering plant in the Capparaceae family endemic to the Hawaiian Islands .
Pherotrichis is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1838 .
Anaspidacea is an order of crustaceans , comprising eleven genera in four families .
Tachypleus gigas , one of the four extant species of horseshoe crab , is found in shallow water in Southeast Asia at depths to 40 m ( 130 ft ) .
Griphognathus ( `` hook - jaw '' ) is an extinct genus of lungfish from the late Devonian period of Europe and Australia .
Melica montezumae , Montezuma melicgrass , is a grass species in the Poaceae family that can be found in Texas and Mexico .
Combretum paniculatum , the burning bush or forest flame - creeper , is a plant species in the genus Combretum found in Africa .
Pseudemoia is a genus of skinks native to southeastern Australia .
†Chilonopsis subtruncatus was a species of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae .
Calopteryx haemorrhoidalis is a species of damselfly in the family Calopterygidae known by the common names copper demoiselle and Mediterranean demoiselle .
Chrysopsis gossypina , called the Cottony goldenaster , is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family .
Grindelia oolepis , the plains gumweed , is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Anthanassa is a genus of South American butterflies of the Nymphalidae family found from the USA to South America .
Penicillium brefeldianum is an anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces Brefeldin A a fungal metabolite .
Brassolis is a genus of Neotropical butterflies in the Nymphalidae family .
Hypsognathus ( ' high jaw ' ) is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Late Triassic of New Jersey and Connecticut .
Aackia is a genus of springtails in the family Isotomidae .
Carabus pedemontanus maurinensis is a subspecies of black - coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that is endemic to France .
Cryptolepis sinensis is a plant species in the genus Cryptolepis , native to Taiwan , China ( Guangdong , Guangxi , Guizhou , Hainan , Yunnan ) and southeast Asia ( Cambodia , India , Indonesia , Malaysia , Vietnam ) .
Pulsatilla vernalis ( spring pasqueflower , arctic violet , lady of the snows ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae , native to mountainous habitats in Europe .
Anisochilus is a genus in the Lamiaceae , first described in 1830 .
Phycisphaerae is a class of aquatic bacteria Containing a single order Phycisphaerales .
Sarcochilus falcatus , commonly known as the Orange Blossom Orchid , is a species of orchid endemic to Australia , where it is found from Queensland to Victoria .
Centaur oakblue or dull oakblue ( Arhopala centaurus ) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia .
Atherix ibis is a species of ' ibis flies ' belonging to the family Athericidae , a small family very similar to Rhagionidae ( Snipe Flies ) .
Tor sinensis is a species of mahseer native to the Mekong River .
Trochosuchidae is an extinct family of therocephalian therapsids from the Permian period .
Digitaria iburua is a grass species native to west and west - central tropical Africa , which is cultivated as a grain crop known as black fonio .
Phyllostegia waimeae is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Kauai phyllostegia .
Pantherophis gloydi , commonly known as the eastern foxsnake or eastern fox snake , is a species of foxsnake .
Carpilius maculatus common names seven - eleven crab , spotted reef crab , dark - finger coral crab , and large spotted crab , is a species of crab in the family Carpiliidae .
Nadezhdiella cantori is a species of beetle from Cerambycidae family .
Geckolepis maculata is a species of gecko that is commonly found in Madagascar .
Quercus rysophylla , the loquat leaf oak , is a Mexican species of oak in the red oak section ( Quercus section Lobatae ) .
Montia parvifolia is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names littleleaf minerslettuce , small - leaved blinks and small - leafed montia .
Bursaria is a genus of large shrubs and small trees which are native to Australia .
Elephas celebensis or the Sulawesi dwarf elephant is an extinct species of elephant .
Tambacarnifex ( meaning `` Tambach butcher '' ) is an extinct genus of varanodontine synapsid known from the Early Permian Tambach Formation of Free State of Thuringia , central Germany .
Roombia truncata is a species of katablepharids , which are heterotrophic single - celled organisms .
Sonchella is a genus of Asian flowering plants in the dandelion family .
Heterosperma pinnatum , the wingpetal , is a New World species of plants in the sunflower family .
Dacryopinax elegans is a species of jelly fungus in the family Dacrymycetaceae .
Species The only known species is Pacourina edulis , widespread across tropical America from Guatemala to French Guinea to Paraguay .
Carex fracta is a species of sedge known by the common name fragile sheath sedge .
Xestorrhytias is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl within the family Mastodonsauridae .
Habranthus tubispathus ( Rio Grande copperlily ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Amaryllidaceae .
Epilobium palustre is a species of willowherb known by the common name marsh willowherb .
Mitragyna parvifolia is a tree species found in Asia .
Heliamphora parva is a species of marsh pitcher plant known only from the Neblina Massif in Venezuela , where it grows at elevations of 1750 - -2200 m.
Chunerpeton tianyiensis is an extinct species of salamander from the ?
Cyrtocris fulvicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cyrtocris .
It is the sole member of the genus Hyaenanche and the subtribe Hyaenanchinae .
Polygonella myriophylla is a rare species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common names sandlace , woody wireweed , and Small 's jointweed .
Pollia fumosa , common name : the smoky goblet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Eremophilus mutisii is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Trichomycteridae , and the only member of its genus .
Carex nebrascensis is a species of sedge known by the common name Nebraska sedge .
Denticetopsis praecox is a species of whale catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is known from the Baria River of the upper Rio Negro basin .
Purpuradusta microdon is species of tropical sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Uromastyx flavifasciata is a species of spiny - tailed lizard belonging to the family Agamidae .
Westlothiana is a genus of reptile - like amphibian or possibly early reptile that bore a superficial resemblance to modern - day lizards .
Percichthys melanops is a species of temperate perch endemic to Chile , where it occurs in pre - Andean streams .
Allium kingdonii is a rare species of wild onion endemic to southeastern Tibet .
Gagea tisoniana is an Italian species of small bulbous perennial plants lily family .
Amblyeleotris harrisorum is a species of goby currently only recorded from reefs around the island of Kiritimati in the Line Islands , Republic of Kiribati , in the central Pacific at a depth of around 32 metres ( 105 ft ) .
Nothrotheriops is a genus of Pleistocene ground sloth found in North America , from what is now central Mexico to the southern United States .
Rubia peregrina , the common wild madder , is a herbaceous perennial plant species belonging to the bedstraw and coffee family Rubiaceae .
Nalameryx is an extinct genus of lophiomerycid ruminant which existed in lower Chitarwata Formation , Pakistan during the middle Oligocene .
The type and only species is Eocarcharia dinops .
Heteroderis is a genus of flowering plants in the dandelion family .
Estoloderces luederwaldti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Estoloderces .
Leopoldamys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae .
Comahuesuchidae is a family of notosuchian crocodyliforms .
It is the only species in the genus Sanguinaria , included in the family Papaveraceae , and most closely related to Eomecon of eastern Asia .
The Inyo shrew ( Sorex tenellus ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Cryptoblepharus australis , common name inland snake - eyed skink or Carnaby 's wall skink is a species of skink in the genus Cryptoblepharus .
Calliostoma oregon , common name the Oregon Atlantic top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Xenobarbus loveridgei is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Tanzania where it is found in Lake Victoria .
Microsynodontis nannoculus is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Equatorial Guinea where it occurs in the Kyé River .
Senecio planiflorus is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae and is endemic to Chile .
Acer caesium is an Asian species of maple found in India , Pakistan , Nepal , and China ( Gansu , Henan , Hubei , Ningxia , Shaanxi , Sichuan , Tibet , Yunnan ) .
Carex spectabilis is a species of sedge known by the common name showy sedge .
Gracixalus carinensis , known as the Burmese bubble - nest frog , brown Carin tree frog and Karin Hills bush frog , is a species of Rhacophoridae from Thailand , Burma , and Vietnam .
Ramphastos is a genus of toucans , tropical and subtropical near passerine birds from Mexico , and Central and South America , which are brightly marked and have enormous , often colourful , bills .
Paraleiopus sumatranus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paraleiopus .
Rimapenaeus constrictus , common name roughneck shrimp , is a species of prawn found along the coast of the Atlantic Ocean .
Clathrina cribrata is a species of sponge in the family Clathrinidae .
Empoasca decedens is a species of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae .
Peribalus strictus , common name Vernal Shieldbug , is a species of shield bugs in the family Pentatomidae .
Cottocomephorus is a genus of Baikal sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal and its surrounding tributaries in Russia .
Prosopis africana is a flowering plant species in the genus Prosopis found in Africa .
Carabus concolor is a species of beetle from ground beetle family that can be found in Italy , Liechtenstein , and Switzerland .
Quillaja is a genus of flowering plants , the only genus in the family Quillajaceae .
Nanodiodes piceus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Nanodiodes .
Monardella glauca is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name pale monardella .
Astele monile , common name the Australian necklace , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Hipposaurus ( ' horse lizard ' ) is an extinct genus of therapsid that lived in the Late Permian .
Shorea xanthophylla ( also called seraya kuning barun or lun barun ) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Dorsetodon is an extinct genus of mammal from the Early Cretaceous ( Berriasian ) Purbeck Group of Britain .
Saotomea delicata , common name : the delicate volute , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Calophyllum brasiliense ( Guanandi ) is a species of Calophyllum native to subtropical and tropical regions of Central America , South America and the Caribbean .
Cyperus strigosus is a species of sedge known by the common names false nutsedge and straw - colored flatsedge .
The Mascarene coot ( Fulica newtonii ) is an extinct species of coot that inhabited the Mascarene islands of Mauritius and Réunion .
Papilio diophantus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Sumatra .
Pisidia longicornis , the long - clawed porcelain crab , is a species of porcelain crab that lives in the north - eastern Atlantic Ocean .
Boechera perennans is a species of rockcress known as perennial rockcress .
Dorcianus angulicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Dorcianus .
Spodotaenia basicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spodotaenia .
Rhinella amboroensis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is endemic to the region of its type locality in the Carrasco Province ( Cochabamba Department ) of Bolivia and the adjacent Santa Cruz Department .
The Rio Purus titi ( Callicebus purinus ) is a species of titi , a type of New World monkey , endemic to Brazil .
Hypselorhachis is a genus of extinct reptile , possibly a ctenosauriscid archosaur related to Ctenosauriscus .
Asemonea tenuipes is a species of Salticidae ( jumping spiders ) which can be found on Andaman Islands and in such countries as Burma , India , Sri Lanka , and Thailand .
Cryptoblabes myosticta is a species of snout moth in the genus Cryptoblabes .
In 1994 ( in Zoologica Scripta , Vol . 23 , No . 4 , pages 325 - -352 ) they introduced the species they named Pachygnatha zappa .
Myoporum insulare may be used as a fast - growing hedge or windbreak species which withstands coastal winds and drought .
Delpydora is a genus of plant in the Sapotaceae family described as a genus in 1897 .
Lepidium nanum , the dwarf pepperweed , is a plant species native to the US states of Nevada and Utah .
Smilax pumila , the sarsaparilla vine , is a North American species of plants native to the southeastern United States from eastern Texas to South Carolina .
Trinomys is a genus of South American spiny rats in the family Echimyidae .
Bassipterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid from the Silurian period of North America .
Paphiopedilum callosum is a species of orchid found from Vietnam to northwestern Peninsular Malaysia .
Eupselia beatella is a species of the Oecophoridae family that occurs in Australia .
Riodinidae is the family of metalmark butterflies .
Acalypha wilderi was a species of spurge that was only known from forested habitats along the northern and western sides of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands , at elevations of 200 - -300 m. Very little is known about this species , but collections suggest it was a small shrub rarely exceeding 2 m in height .
Cheiromeles is a genus of bats in the family Molossidae , the free - tailed bats .
Calliophis melanurus , commonly known as the Indian coral snake , is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to the Indian subcontinent .
Microglossa is a genus of Asian and African flowering plants in aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Shibataea is a genus of Chinese bamboo in the grass family .
Hoheria populnea , commonly known as New Zealand mallow , lacebark or houhere , is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae , endemic to New Zealand .
Mactra is a genus of medium - sized marine bivalve mollusks or clams , commonly known as trough shells or duck clams .
The genus consists of only one species , Nepita conferta , which can be found in India and Ceylon .
Aulophyseter is an extinct genus of sperm whale from the Miocene formations of the West and East coasts of North America as well as the Patagonian region of South America .
Calathus rotundatus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Portugal and Spain .
Spathidexia setipennis is a species of fly in the genus Spathidexia of the family Tachinidae .
Abies numidica ( Algerian fir ) is a species of fir , found only in Algeria , where it is endemic on Djebel Babor , the second - highest mountain ( 2,004 m ) in the Algerian Tell Atlas .
Murex altispira , also known as the Caltrop murex , is a species of large predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the rock snails or murex snails .
Sphaerocystis is a genus of green algae , specifically of the class Chlorophyceae .
Xyelacyba myersi , the gargoyle cusk , is a species of cusk - eel found in the oceans at depths of from 984 to 2,500 metres ( 3,228 to 8,202 ft ) .
Amanita altipes , also called the yellow long - stem Amanita , is a species of agaric fungus found on soil in coniferous ( Abies , Picea ) and broadleaved ( Betula , Quercus , Salix ) woodland in southwestern China up to an altitude of 4,000 metres ( 13,000 ft ) .
Bryocella elongata is a bacterium , a type species of genus Bryocella .
Hiskatherium is an extinct genus of small ground sloth from the Miocene of Bolivia .
Molybdopygus is an extinct genus of estemmenosuchid dinocephalian from the Middle Permian of Russia .
Ammodytoides is a genus of sand lances native to the Indian and Pacific oceans .
Rhodognaphalon mossambicense is a species of flowering plant in the Bombacaceae family .
Harpalus serripes is a species of black coloured ground beetle which can be found in Palaearctic and the Near East .
Oliva tricolor , common name the tricolour olive , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae , the olives .
Senecio ertterae is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Ertter 's ragwort .
Cystiscus viridis is a species of very small sea snail that around the coast of Australia .
Tsuga chinensis , commonly referred to as the Taiwan or Chinese hemlock , or in Chinese as tieshan ( simplified Chinese : 铁杉 ; traditional Chinese : 鐵杉 ; pinyin : tiěshān ; literally : `` iron fir '' ) , is a coniferous tree species native to China , Taiwan , Tibet and Vietnam .
Abutilon eremitopetalum , commonly known as the Hidden - petaled Abutilon or Hiddenpetal Indian Mallow , is a species of flowering shrub in the mallow family , Malvaceae .
Buddleja iresinoides is a species endemic to the rocky hillsides and stream banks of Bolivia and northern Argentina at altitudes from 300 to 1500 m. The species was correctly identified as a Buddleja and named by Hosseus in 1924 .
Austrocochlea zeus , common name the dory austrocochlea , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
The genus name Achillobator means ' Achilles hero ' and is derived from Achilles , a famous ancient Greek warrior who fought in the Trojan War , and the Mongolian word baatar , anciently bagatur , which means ' hero ' .
Currently , Indraloris is considered to be a valid genus within the family Sivaladapidae , containing two named species :
Klebsiella terrigena is a Gram - negative bacterial species of the genus Klebsiella .
Acropora plumosa is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Dr. C. C. Wallace and J. Wolstenholme in 1998 .
Stauroteuthis gilchristi is a species of small pelagic octopus found at great depths in the south Atlantic Ocean .
Aspicilia mansourii is a species of lichen in the family Megasporaceae .
Eloeophila maculata is a species of fly in the family Limoniidae .
Hemicrepidius falli is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae .
Kharodacetus is a genus of protocetid cetacean from the middle Eocene ( late Lutetian , 42 mya ) of Kutch , Gujarat , southwestern India .
Eosiren is an extinct genus of sea cow that lived during the late Eocene .
Ischnosiphon is a genus of plants native to Central America , South America , Trinidad and the Lesser Antilles .
Volvarina avena , common name the orange - banded marginella , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Albizia ferruginea ( locally known as Musase ) is a species of plant in the Fabaceae family .
Streptomyces albus is a bacterial species from which the pseudodisaccharide aminoglycoside salbostatin was isolated .
Tephrosia vogelii , the Vogel 's tephrosia , fish - poison - bean or Vogel tephrosia ( English ) , tefrósia ( Portuguese ) or barbasco guineano ( Spanish ) , is a flowering plant species in the genus Tephrosia .
Barbus strumicae is a disputed species of European cyprinid freshwater fish .
Convolvulus cneorum , also known as silverbush , is a species of flowering plant in the family Convolvulaceae , which contains many plants described as `` bindweed '' .
Ainsliaea apiculata is a perennial species of daisy of the Asteraceae family .
Sorbus scalaris is a species of rowan .
Anthracobia melaloma is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae .
Strumigenys lacunosa is a species of reddish - brown ant up to 3.4 mm in length .
Stenophylla cornigera is a species of praying mantis native to Brazil .
Vanderhorstia ambanoro , the Ambanoro prawn - goby or twin - spotted shrimp - goby , is a species of fish native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean , where it occurs in lagoons and coastal bays at depths of from 1 to 30 metres ( 3.3 to 98.4 ft ) .
Arenaria ursina is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Bear Valley sandwort .
Stenodema holsata is a species of bug from the family Miridae .
Sedella leiocarpa is a rare species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common names Lake County mock stonecrop and Lake County stonecrop .
Alburnoides qanati is a fish species of Cyprinidae family .
Kallokibotion is an extinct genus of turtle from the Upper Cretaceous ( Maastrichtian , 70 - -66 million years ago ) , known from fossils found in Romania .
Paralabrax dewegeri , the vieja or meo viejo , is a species of fish in the Serranidae family .
Delorhynchus is an extinct genus of lanthanosuchoid parareptile known from the late Early Permian ( Kungurian age ) Garber Formation of Comanche County , Oklahoma , south - central USA .
Mexilana saluposi is a species of crustacean in the family Cirolanidae , the only species in the genus Mexilana .
The Sri Lankan sloth bear ( Melursus ursinus inornatus ) is a subspecies of the sloth bear .
Drosophila C virus was first discovered in the early 1970s in a French strain of Drosophila melanogaster , but can also infect other Drosophila species in laboratory settings .
Barbus erythrozonus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Republic of the Congo where it is only known from the Foulakari River .
Harrisia fragrans ( syn . Cereus eriophorus var . fragrans ) is a rare species of cactus known by the common names fragrant prickly apple and Caribbean applecactus .
Catonephele orites , or the orange - banded shoemaker butterfly , is a species of butterfly found throughout the northern coast of South America and into Central America .
Sybropraonetha minuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Sybropraonetha .
Warburgia ugandensis , also known as Uganda greenheart , is a species of evergreen tree native to Africa .
Tabebuia heterophylla is a species of Tabebuia native to the Caribbean islands of South America and to the Swan Islands of Honduras , and is also cultivated .
Clavelina ( `` little bottle '' ) is genus of tunicates , containing the following species :
Olea woodiana , known commonly as the Forest olive or black ironwood ( Afrikaans : Bosolienhout ) , is an African tree species belonging to the olive family ( Oleaceae ) .
The single member ( species ) of this genus , Phytala elais , the Giant Forest Blue , is found in Sierra Leone , Liberia , Ivory Coast , Ghana , Nigeria , Cameroon , Gabon , the Republic of Congo , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Sudan and Uganda .
Scarabaeus satyrus is one of the Old World dung beetle species .
Gobiopterus is a genus of gobies native to fresh , marine and brackish waters of the coastal areas around the Indian and Pacific oceans .
Caribeginella is a genus of small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Marginellidae , the margin shells
Ostorhinchus cookii , common names Cook 's cardinalfish , Cook 's soldierfish , blackbanded cardinal , blackbanded cardinalfish , is a species of marine fish in the family Apogonidae .
Sisyrinchium platense is a species of flowering plant in the Iridaceae family .
†Carelia tenebrosa was a species of small , air - breathing , land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea .
Allium paniculatum , common name pale garlic or Mediterranean onion , is a Eurasian species of wild onion with a range extending from Portugal to Kazakhstan .
Sepia chirotrema is a species of cuttlefish native to the southern Indo - Pacific , specifically from Investigator Strait , southern Australia ( 35 ° 25′S 137 ° 22′E ) to Dirk Hartog Island , western Australia ( 25 ° 45′S 113 ° 03′E ) .
The Andrenidae ( commonly known as mining bees ) are a large , nearly cosmopolitan family of solitary , ground - nesting bees .
Apomyelois decolor , the Caribbean dried fruit moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Apomyelois .
Cilnia chopardi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Cilnia in the order Mantodea .
Castilleja latifolia is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name Monterey Indian paintbrush .
Otopleura glans , common name the acorn pyram , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Megasticus oberthuri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Megasticus .
Chanodichthys abramoides is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Chanodichthys .
Libelloides coccajus , the `` owly sulphur '' , is an owlfly species belonging to the family Ascalaphidae , subfamily Ascalaphinae .
Incilius pisinnus ( common name : Michoacan toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Placidochromis hennydaviesae is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the southern portions of the lake .
Propterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish of the Solnhofen Plattenkalk .
Dendrobium capra is a species of orchid endemic to the Island of Java in Indonesia .
Phacelurus is a genus of African and Eurasian plants in the grass family .
Ulvales is an order of green algae .
Chorizanthe polygonoides is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name knotweed spineflower .
Eresus cinnaberinus and Eresus niger are names formerly used for a group of spiders in the genus Eresus now divided into three species , E. kollari , E. sandaliatus and E. moravicus .
Calonectria ( anamorph Cylindrocladium ) is a genus of ascomycete fungi .
Candoia carinata , known commonly as the Pacific Ground Boa or the Pacific Keel - scaled Boa , is a species of snake in the Boidae family .
Cystosoma is a genus of cicada in of the Cicadinae subfamily native to Australia .
Metanephrops australiensis , commonly known as Australian scampi or the northwest lobster , is a species of lobster .
Gracixalus quyeti is a species of Shrub frog from Vietnam .
Galium glaucophyllum , the Sardinian Bedstraw , is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Zabrus chalceus is a species of ground beetle in the Eutroctes subgenus that can be found in Armenia and Turkey .
Crossandra infundibuliformis ( firecracker flower ) , is a species of flowering plant in the family Acanthaceae , native to southern India and Sri Lanka .
Glossotherium ( literally `` Tongue Beast '' ) was a genus of ground sloth .
Pomatiopsidae is a family of small , mainly freshwater snails , ( some also occur in other habitats ) that have gills and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rissooidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Mimulus rubellus is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name little redstem monkeyflower .
Barbus balcanicus , the Danube barbel ( or large - spot barbel ) , is a species of freshwater fish widespread in southeastern Europe .
Phyllidiopsis fissurata is a species of sea slug , specifically a dorid nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phyllidiidae .
Neomyia is a genus from the fly family Muscidae .
Goniastrea favulus , the lesser star coral , is a species of stony coral in the family Merulinidae .
Alismatidae is a botanical name at the rank of subclass .
The Pavoraja pseudonitida ( common name : false peacock skate ) is a species of fish in Rajidae family .
Felidae is the family of cats .
Arrhenotoides dubouzeti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Arrhenotoides .
Helianthus praetermissus is a rare and probably extinct North American species of sunflower , with the common names New Mexico sunflower and `` lost sunflower . ''
Lindholmiola spectabilis is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helicodontidae .
Trifolium microdon is a species of clover known by the common name thimble clover .
Hyalomma is a genus of hard - bodied ticks , common in Asia , Europe , and North Africa .
Etelis is a genus of snappers mostly native to the Indian and Pacific oceans with one species ( E. oculatus ) native to the western Atlantic Ocean .
Corymbia haematoxylon , formerly known as Eucalyptus haematoxylon , is a species of eucalypt native to southwestern Australia .
Forbestra is a genus of clearwing ( ithomiine ) butterflies , named by Fox in 1967 .
Orthetrum glaucum is an Asian dragonfly species , common across much of tropical and subtropical Asia , and capable of thriving in disturbed habitats .
The tribe Epidendreae of the Orchidaceae comprises six subtribes :
Oliva bulbosa , common name the swollen olive , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae , the olives .
Heteromycteris is a genus of small soles found in salt and brackish water .
Orites revolutus , also known as Narrow - Leaf Orites , is a Tasmanian endemic plant species in the family Proteaceae .
Philydrella is a small genus of flowering plants described as a genus with this name in 1878 .
Prolongoa is a genus of Spanish plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family .
Blasia pusilla is the only species in the liverwort genus Blasia .
Calathea makoyana ( peacock plant , cathedral windows ) is a species of plant belonging to the genus Calathea in the family Marantaceae , native to eastern Brazil .
Sepia bidhaia is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean , specifically the waters off the Great Barrier Reef ( 17 ° 20′S 146 ° 41.5′E to 22 ° 07′S 153 ° 19′E ) .
Japalura tricarinata is a species of agamid lizard endemic to Asia .
Siamosaurus ( meaning `` Siamese lizard '' ) is a genus of theropod dinosaur from Early Cretaceous Thailand .
Nyssa sinensis ( Chinese tupelo ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cornaceae ( or Nyssaceae ) , native to China and Vietnam .
Cyathea javanica is a species of tree fern native to western Java and Sumatra , in Indonesia .
Ariamnes uwepa is a species of spider from the family Theridiidae .
Ranunculus pusillus is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup genus known by the common name low spearwort .
Packera greenei is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name flame ragwort .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Cyanopulvis australiensis .
The Bengal tiger , also called the royal Bengal tiger ( Panthera tigris tigris ) , is the most numerous tiger subspecies .
Trichosporon is a genus of anamorphic fungi in the family Trichosporonaceae .
Trichilia triacantha , the bariaco , is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family .
Carex microptera is a species of sedge known by the common name smallwing sedge .
Myctophum asperum , common name the prickly lanternfish , is a species of deep sea fish in the family Myctophidae , the `` lanternfish '' .
Amietophrynus chudeaui , the Bata marsh toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Nymphophilus minckleyi is a species of very small freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Dendrobium tetragonum , the Common Spider Orchid , is a species of orchid , also known as the Rectangular - bulbed Dendrobium or Tree Spider Orchid .
Ranunculus orthorhynchus is a species of buttercup known by the common name straightbeak buttercup .
Physcomitrium is a genus of mosses , commonly called urn moss , that includes about 80 species and has a cosmopolitan distribution .
Dekeyseria scaphirhyncha is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Rio Negro basin .
Pantheidae is a family of Lepidoptera .
Andrena marginata is a species of the sand bee ( Andrena ) genus .
Australornis ( Latin : `` southern bird '' ) is a genus of extinct seabird discovered in New Zealand .
Senna odorata , fragrant senna , spreading cassia or southern cassia , is a species of flowering plant in the legume family .
Agathaeromys is an extinct genus of oryzomyine rodents from the Pleistocene of Bonaire , West Indies .
Lachneratus phasmaticus also known as the Phantom cardinalfish , is a species of fish in the family Apogonidae , the cardinalfishes .
Cerithiopsis fayalensis is a species of sea snail , a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae , which is known from the southwestern coast of Apulia , Italy .
Doryrhamphus japonicus , or the honshu pipefish , is a species of flagtail pipefish from the genus Doryrhamphus that occurs in the Western Pacific Ocean .
Nicotiana alata is a species of tobacco .
Mantoida maya , common name little Yucatán mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in Mexico and the U.S. state of Florida .
Erica arborea ( tree heath ) is a species of flowering plant ( angiosperms ) in the heather family , Ericaceae .
Acantholycosa sterneri is a species of wolf spider found in Mongolia and southern Siberia .
Ernodea littoralis , the golden creeper , beech creeper , coughweed , or coughbush , is a species of flowering plants in the coffee family , Rubiaceae , endemic to Central America and the Caribbean region .
The Haplosclerida are an order of demosponges .
Titanacris albipes is a species of grasshopper in the family Romaleidae .
Oligoryzomys griseolus , also known as the grizzled colilargo or the grayish pygmy rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Angophora leiocarpa is a tree species that is native to eastern Australia .
Vectidraco ( meaning `` dragon from the Isle of Wight '' ) , is a genus of azhdarchoid pterosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of England .
Pyramidula umbilicata is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidulidae .
Plagiorchis elegans is a species of parasitic trematodes ( flukes ) in the genus Plagiorchis .
Eurema irena was treated as a subspecies of Eurema simulatrix , but formally raised to full species status by Yata in 1994 .
Appalachiosaurus ( /ˌæpəˌleɪtʃioʊˈsɔːrəs/ ap - ə - LAY - chee - o - SAWR - əs ; `` Appalachian lizard '' ) is a genus of tyrannosauroid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period of eastern North America .
Cnidaria ( /naɪˈdɛəriə/ ) is a phylum containing over 10,000 species of animals found exclusively in aquatic ( freshwater and marine ) environments : they are predominantly marine species .
Clavaria fragilis , commonly known as fairy fingers , white worm coral , or white spindles , is a species of fungus in the family Clavariaceae .
Glyptocrinus is an extinct genus of sea lily that lived from the Middle Ordovician to the Early Silurian ( 471.8 - 436.0 Ma ) .
The Citharidae are a small family of flounders .
Iris missouriensis ( syn . I. montana ) is a hardy flowering rhizomatous species of the genus Iris , in the family Iridaceae .
Bolitoglossa mombachoensis ( Spanish : Salamandra De Mombacho ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Teylini is a tribe of mygalomorph spiders consisting of the four genera Teyl , Namea , Teyloides and Pseudoteyl .
Callicorixa praeusta is a species of Corixidae or water boatman , in the order Hemiptera .
Siphonognathus is a genus of weed whitings endemic to the Australian coastal waters .
Petruichthys brevis , common name Inle loach , is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Petruichthys .
Hyla heinzsteinitzi is a species of frog of the family Hylidae .
Andricus aries is a species of gall - forming wasp , in the genus Andricus .
Paranoplium gracile is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Paranoplium .
Mayetiola piceae ( spruce gall midge ) is a species of gall - forming flies in the Cecidomyiidae family .
Lotagnostus is a genus of very small trilobites in the order Agnostida , which lived on the outer shelfs worldwide , during the late Upper Cambrian .
Spuleria is a genus of moths of the Elachistidae family .
Boiga barnesii is a species of cat snake found in Sri Lanka known as the Barnes ' cat snake in English and panduru mapila-පදුරු මාපිලා in Sinhala .
Amnicola limosus , common name the mud amnicola , is a species of very small aquatic snail , an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Phuwiangosaurus ( meaning `` Phu Wiang lizard '' ) is a genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous .
Australosyodon is an extinct genus of dinocephalian therapsid from the middle Permian of South Africa .
Discogobio is a genus of cyprinid fish that are found in eastern Asia .
Sinocyclocheilus anatirostris is a species of cyprinid .
Penicillium hetheringtonii is a species of the genus of Penicillium which is named after A.C. Hetherington .
Thylacodes aotearoicus is a species of sea snail , a worm snail or worm shell , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Vermetidae , the worm snails .
Seriatopora caliendrum is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Pocilloporidae .
The Asiatic glassfishes are a family , Ambassidae , of freshwater and marine fishes in the order Perciformes .
Peltephilus ferox , the horned armadillo , was a species of dog - sized , armadillo - like xenarthran mammal which first inhabited Argentina during the Oligocene epoch , and became extinct in the Miocene epoch .
Mesarthropterus wasmanni is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Mesarthropterus .
Carex hystericina is a species of sedge known by the common names bottlebrush sedge and porcupine sedge .
Lebiasina is a genus of fishes found in tropical South America , with eighteen currently recognized species :
Cycas badensis is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas , native to Australia , in the extreme north of Queensland , where it is endemic on Badu Island in the Torres Strait Islands .
Erigeron uintahensis is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Uinta fleabane .
Streptomyces avidinii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which produces streptavidin .
Argyrophenga antipodum , otherwise known by its common names , the Common tussock , or the Tussock ringlet , is a species of butterfly which can be commonly found in the South Island of New Zealand .
Apistogramma is a genus of approximately a hundred species of fish from the family Cichlidae .
Bombus erzurumensis is a species of bumblebee found in Turkey ( north - eastern Anatolia ) and northern Iran .
Pleosporaceae is a family of sac fungi .
Acartiidae is a family of calanoid copepods distinguishable by the rostral margin not being extended .
Colwellia demingiae is a psychrophilic Antarctic bacterial species with the ability to synthesize docosahexaenoic acid .
Delclosia is an extinct genus of shrimp in the order Decapoda , containing two species .
Macroscelesaurus is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid from the Late Permian of South Africa .
Limnochromis staneri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it occurs in the southern portion of the lake .
Callavia is an extinct , monotypic genus of trilobite arthropods .
The earliest remains of Prodeinotherium come from Kenya , where two deposits preserving the genus date to 22.5 and 19.5 million years ago according to one 1978 study .
Johannesteijsmannia is a genus of four species of palms found in tropical rainforests of southern Thailand , Malaysia and Indonesia .
Lobalopex is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid or mammal - like `` reptile '' belonging to the family Burnetiidae .
Helladotherium is an extinct genus of Sivatherine Giraffid from Europe , Africa , and Asia during the Miocene .
Mikania is a genus of about 450 species in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family .
Tanycolagreus is a genus of coelurid theropod from the Late Jurassic of North America .
Atriplex vesicaria , commonly known as Bladder Saltbush , is a species of saltbush endemic to Australia .
Planiplastron is an extinct genus of snapping turtle .
Neoleptoneta microps is a rare species of spider in the family Leptonetidae known by the common name Government Canyon bat cave spider .
Vaginulus buergueri is a species of land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae , the leatherleaf slugs .
The Panorpidae are a family of scorpionflies .
Puya ferruginea is a plant species in the genus Puya .
Gnaphosa corticola is a ground spider species found in France .
Amaurobius occidentalis is a spider species found in Portugal , Spain and France .
Elephant birds are members of the extinct family Aepyornithidae .
Japananus hyalinus , the Japanese Maple Leafhopper , is a species of leafhoppers of the subfamily Deltocephalinae , tribus Opsiini ( formerly placed in tribus Scaphytopiini ) .
Minicynodon ( meaning ' small Cynodon ' ) is a genus of carnivorous brasilodontid cynodont from the Late Triassic period .
Gymnophryxe modesta is a Palaearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnophryxe of the family Tachinidae .
Pilgrimella is an extinct early Eocene genus of anthracobunid , a group of stem perissodactyls ( formerly classified with proboscideans ) .
Antelope squirrels or antelope ground squirrels of the genus Ammospermophilus are sciurids found in the desert and dry scrub areas of south - western United States and northern Mexico .
The genus is monotypic , containing the single species Semiomphalina leptoglossoides , found in Papua New Guinea .
The Gounda mouse ( Mus goundae ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Argonauticeras is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus that lived during the latter part of the Early Cretaceous , included in the Lytoceratida and found in lower and possibly middle Aptian marine sediments .
The Makatea fruit dove ( Ptilinopus chalcurus ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Nia vibrissa is a species of fungus in the order Agaricales .
Stenopelmatoidea is a superfamily of insects in the order Orthoptera ; in some older classifications this group was referred to as Gryllacridoidea .
Megalurulus , the thicketbirds , is a genus of songbirds .
The Australian plague locust is less gregarious than other locust species and swarms occur in a continuum from dense swarms through a range of densities down to scattered adults .
Hisonotus acuen is a species of armored catfish from the Xingu River in Brazil .
Heterometrus laoticus is a scorpion species found in peaty areas of Vietnam and Laos .
Plesiobaena is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Belly River Formation , Canada during the late Cretaceous period ( Campanian age ) .
Alternaria dauci is included in the porri species group of Alternaria , which is classified for having large conidium and a long , slender filiform beak .
Protoginella is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Colobosauroides is a small genus in the family of spectacled lizards .
Helvella dryophila is a species of fungus in the family Helvellaceae .
The Roque Chico de Salmor giant lizard ( Gallotia simonyi simonyi ) was the nominate subspecies of the lacertid ( wall lizard ) Gallotia simonyi .
Mauritia mappa , common name the map cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Stranvaesia davidiana , the Chinese photinia , is a species of shrub grown as an ornamental plant .
Gyraulus nedyalkovi is a species of small , mostly air - breathing , freshwater snail , aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Temburongia is a genus of bamboo from the Sultanate of Brunei on the Island of Borneo .
Hypsopanchax is a genus of poeciliids native to Middle Africa .
Banksia sessilis var . sessilis is the most populous and most widespread variety of Banksia sessilis ( Parrot Bush ) .
Hyalinobatrachium dianae , also known as Diane 's bare - hearted glass frog , is a species of Costa Rican glass frog in the family Centrolenidae .
Oospira duci is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae , the door snails .
Alestopetersius is a genus of characins , fish found mostly in Congo River Basin in Middle Africa with one species ( A. smykalai ) from the lower Niger River in Nigeria .
Alex George described Adenanthos ellipticus in 1974 , the species name derived from the Latin adjective ellipticus and referring to the shape of the leaves .
Cerberilla albopunctata is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine heterobranch mollusc in the family Aeolidiidae .
The Ethiopian highland hare ( Lepus starcki ) is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae .
Centruroides baergi is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family .
Adiantum diaphanum , the filmy maidenhair fern , is a species of fern in the genus Adiantum , native to East Asia and Australasia , from southern Japan south to New Zealand .
Catopsalis is a possibly invalid genus of extinct mammal from the Paleocene of North America .
Spartina densiflora is a species of grass known by the common name denseflower cordgrass .
Achatinella buddii is an extinct species of land snail , a gastropod in the Achatinellidae family .
Sthenictis is an extinct genus in the weasel family ( mustelids ) endemic to North America and Asia during the Miocene epoch living from ~13.5 - -9.2 Ma ( AEO ) existing for approximately 4.3 million years .
Jumellea recta is a species of orchid endemic to Réunion and Mauritius .
Prototroctes vertex is an extinct species of bony fish in the genus Prototroctes .
Ophiactidae are a family of brittle stars .
Walgettosuchus ( meaning `` Walgett crocodile '' ) is a now thought invalid genus of theropod dinosaur .
Lespedeza capitata is a species of flowering plant in the Fabaceae , or legume family , and is known by the common name roundhead bushclover , or roundhead lespedeza .
Hyperolius concolor , the Variable Reed Frog , is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family .
Cyperus odoratus is a species of sedge known by the common names fragrant flatsedge and rusty flatsedge .
Mammillaria longimamma is a species of cactus from Hidalgo and Querétaro , Mexico .
Gracilepteryx is an extinct genus of moths within the family Eolepidopterigidae , containing one species , Gracilepteryx pulchra , which is known from the Crato Formation in Brazil .
Trichonympha is a genus of parabasalid protists that live in the intestines of many , if not most , termite species .
Rhynchochydorus australiensis is a species of crustacean in the family Chydoridae .
Bambusa tulda or Indian timber bamboo is considered to be one of the most useful of bamboo species .
Mastigoteuthis magna is a species of whip - lash squid , characterised by a lack of photophores .
Streptomyces caelestis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Utah in the USA .
Desmids ( Gr . desmos , bond or chain ) are an order ( Desmidiales ) in the Charophyta , a division of green algae that forms a sister group to the land plants ( Embryophyta ) .
Hyalimax maillardi is a species of air - breathing succineid land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .
Characiosiphon is a genus of green algae , in the family Characiosiphonaceae .
Hoplolatilus is a genus of tilefishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Neokochia californica ( syn . Bassia californica , Kochia californica ) is a species of flowering plant in the subfamily Camphorosmoideae of the amaranth family known by the common name rusty molly .
The Columbian sharp - tailed grouse ( Tympanuchus phasianellus columbianus ) is a subspecies of sharp - tailed grouse native to the Western United States and British Columbia .
Styphelia tameiameiae , known as pūkiawe or maiele in the Hawaiian language , is a species of flowering plant in the heather family , Ericaceae , that is native to the Hawaiian and Marquesas Islands .
Breyeriana cistransandina is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Breyeriana .
Phlox austromontana is a species of phlox known by the common name mountain phlox .
Hydrophis belcheri , commonly known as the faint - banded sea snake or Belcher 's sea snake , is a venomous species of elapid sea snake .
Virola surinamensis , known commonly as baboonwood and chalviande , is a species of flowering plant in the family Myristicaceae .
Hemiscyllium halmahera or Halmahera epaulette shark is a species of bamboo shark from Indonesia .
Phaonia lugubris is a species of fly which is distribution across parts the Palaearctic .
Stagetillus opaciceps is a spider species of the Salticidae family ( jumping spiders ) .
Holttumochloa is a genus of Malaysian bamboos in the grass family native to the hill forests of Peninsular Malaysia .
Ciliopagurus albatrossi is a species of hermit crab native to the Hawaiian region .
Penstemon acuminatus is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names sharpleaf penstemon and sand - dune penstemon .
Tacca ankaranensis is a species of flowering plant in the yam family Dioscoreaceae , which is endemic to Madagascar .
Neolamprologus modestus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it lives on rocky substrates in the southern portion of the lake .
Oncidium longicornu is a species of orchid occurring from Brazil to northeastern Argentina , where it is recorded from the provinces of Misiones and Corrientes .
Malus trilobata , the Lebanese wild apple , erect crab apple or three - lobed apple tree , is a species in the family Rosaceae in the genus Malus .
Aciagrion gracile ( graceful slim ) is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae .
Ranunculidae is a subclass of plants used in some taxonomic systems and not others .
Trillium erectum , also known as red trillium , wake - robin , purple trillium , Beth root , or stinking Benjamin , is a species of flowering plant native to the east and north - east of North America .
The Many - flowered Grass - pink , Calopogon multiflorus , is a species of orchid .
Anelosimus kohi is a species of spider in the family Theridiidae .
Conus anemone , common name the anemone cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Arminidae is a family of sea slugs , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arminoidea .
The Sierra Leone free - tailed bat ( Mops brachypterus ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae .
Liophlaeothrips is a genus of thrips in the family Phlaeothripidae .
The Pipizini is a tribe of small to medium - sized generally black hoverflies though some species have orange spots on the abdomen .
Brithura is a genus of true crane fly .
Cudonia is a genus of fungi within the family Cudoniaceae .
Tageteae is a tribe of the plant family Asteraceae .
Clavus flammulatus , common name the flame turrid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae .
Suillus serotinus is a species of bolete fungus found in eastern North America .
Sawtooth eels are a family , Serrivomeridae , of eels found in temperate and tropical seas worldwide .
Calliotropis spinulosa is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae .
Caulanthus major is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name slender wild cabbage .
Erysimum menziesii is a species of wallflower known by the common name Menzies ' wallflower .
Sinotectirostrum is a genus of brachiopod found in Paleozoic strata .
Chamaesipho is a genus of four - plated notochthamaline barnacles in the Pacific Ocean limited to Australia / New Zealand temperate waters .
Margarinotus brunneus is a species of beetles belonging to the family Histeridae .
Sicyopterus griseus , the Clown goby , is a species of goby endemic to India and Sri Lanka , where it is found in estuaries , blackwaters , and fresh waters .
Psaltoda harrisii , commonly known as the yellowbelly , is a species of cicada native to eastern Australia .
Lysiosepalum is a genus of plants in the family Sterculiaceae , endemic to the south - west of Western Australia .
Chrysomyza sericea is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Chrysomyza of the family Tephritidae .
Terpnomyia latifrons is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Terpnomyia of the family Ulidiidae .
Megacoelacanthus is an extinct genus of lobe - finned fish which lived during the Jurassic period .
Cambaroides schrenckii is a species of crayfish endemic to north - eastern China and Russia .
Silene polypetala ( syn . Silene catesbaei ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names eastern fringed catchfly and fringed campion .
Alloblennius frondiculus is a species of combtooth blenny ( family Blenniidae ) in the genus Alloblennius .
Hestina assimilis , or , the Red Ring Skirt , is a species of butterfly in the family Nymphalidae found in Asia .
Talipariti is a genus of plants in the mallow family Malvaceae .
Conus urashimanus , common name the Urashima cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Lydekkerinidae is a family of stereospondyl temnospondyls that lived in the Triassic period .
The Antarctic scallop ( Adamussium colbecki ) is the only species in the genus though its exact relationship to other members of the family is unclear .
Artemisia lactiflora , the white mugwort , is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family , native to Western China .
Hypoptychus dybowskii , the Japanese sandlance , is a species of hypoptychid fish found in shallow salt water off the coasts of Japan and Sakhalin ( Russia ) as well as possibly occurring in South Korea and China .
Hippotragus is a genus of antelopes which includes three species :
Homorhynchus ( Greek for `` same snout '' ) is a genus of prehistoric fish from the Eocene and Oligocene .
Terminalia eriostachya , the black mastic , is a species of flowering tree in the leadwood family , Combretaceae .
Aplochiton taeniatus is a species of amphidromous galaxiid native to Argentina and Chile in South America .
Telosphrantis is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family , containing only one species , Telosphrantis aethiopica , which is known from Ethiopia .
Leptonetidae is a family of relatively primitive haplogyne ( lacking hardened external female genitalia ) spiders , which includes 15 genera and nearly 200 species .
Amorphosternoides vianai is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Amorphosternoides .
Opsopoeodus emiliae ( common name pugnose minnow ) is a species of cyprinid fish found in the eastern North America .
Nebria snowi is a species of ground beetle from the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Kuril Islands , Russia .
Puccinellia nutkaensis is a species of grass known by the common names Nootka alkaligrass and Alaska alkali grass .
Mimallonoidea is the superfamily of sack bearer moths , containing the single family Mimallonidae .
The genus includes only one species , Afrocoscinia aethiopica ( Kühne , 2010 ) , which is found in the arid regions of the western part of South Africa .
Neoarius is a genus of sea catfishes found on and around the island New Guinea and Australia .
Boletus is a genus of mushroom - producing fungi , comprising over 100 species .
Conorhynchos conirostris is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) .
Domiporta gloriola , common name : the glorious mitre , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae , the miters or miter snails .
Astyanacinus is a genus of characins from South America .
Cassipourea swaziensis ( Swazi onionwood , Afrikaans : Swazi - uiehout ) is a species of plant in the Rhizophoraceae family .
Penicillium osmophilum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from agricultural soil in Wageningen in the Netherlands
Zoneait ( pronounced `` zone - eight '' and meaning `` large tooth '' in the Kiowa language ) is an extinct genus of thalattosuchian crocodylomorph known from a single species , Zoneait nargorum , from the Middle Jurassic of Oregon .
Maytenus tenuispina is a Southern African shrub or small tree of about 2 m in height and one of about 120 species of Maytenus belonging to the family Celastraceae .
Hamamelis × intermedia ( hybrid witch hazel ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Hamamelidaceae .
Pardosa is a large genus of wolf spiders , with more than 500 described species that are found in all regions of the world .
Pseuderia is a genus of orchids consisting of about 20 species distributed from the Moluccas through New Guinea to Samoa , Fiji and Micronesia .
The Angulated dwarf gecko is a species of gecko native to southern Zaire and Tanzania .
Eirmocephala is a genus of Latin American plants in the evil tribe within the sunflower family .
Tectus niloticus , common name the commercial top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae .
Verbascum densiflorum , the denseflower mullein or dense - flowered mullein , is a plant species in the genus Verbascum .
Scaphyglottis crurigera is a species of orchid found from Mexico ( Oaxaca , Chiapas ) to Ecuador .
Pseudochazara alpina ( Staudinger , 1878 ) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
The Bolivian red howler ( Alouatta sara ) is a species of howler monkey , a type of New World monkey , endemic to Bolivia .
The Tonkin toad ( Bufo pageoti ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Mithrodia clavigera is a species of tropical starfish in the family Mithrodiidae .
Mesoglossus pygmaeus is a species of acorn worm in the family Harrimaniidae , which is found in Europe , precisely in British Isles .
Allium caesioides is a plant species found in the high mountains of India , Pakistan , Tajikistan and Afghanistan .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Tribulatia appendicospora .
Diaphoroplax biramosus is a rare species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae .
Campylomormyrus rhynchophorus is one of fourteen species of elephantfish in the genus Campylomormyrus .
Spironucleus is a genus of Diplomonad flagellates that inhabit the digestive tract of a variety of animal hosts .
Lepista personata ( also recognised as Lepista saeva , Clitocybe saeva and Tricholoma personatum , and commonly known as the field blewit and blue - leg ) is a species of fungus .
Thelephora palmata ( commonly known as the stinking earthfan or the fetid false coral ) is a species of clavarioid fungus in the family Thelephoraceae .
The Panama amazon , also known as the Panama yellow - headed amazon , ( Amazona ochrocephala panamensis ) is a subspecies of the yellow - crowned amazon , and is endemic to Panama ( including the Pearl Islands and Coiba ) and northwest Colombia .
Marasmius cladophyllus is a species of fungus in the family Marasmiaceae .
Sparganothis diluticostana , the Spring Dead - leaf Roller , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Supramontana is a genus of land planarians from South America .
The nematoceran infraorder Psychodomorpha ( sometimes misspelled Psychomorpha - which is also the name of a genus of noctuid moths ) includes two common families , Psychodidae and Scatopsidae , and other very small , rare families .
Microhyla heymonsi ( commonly known as the dark - sided chorus frog or the Taiwan rice frog ) is a species of narrow - mouthed frog found in northeastern India , southern China , Taiwan , and Southeast Asia south to the Malay Peninsula and Sumatra as well as the Great Nicobar Island .
The Callistophytales was an order of mainly scrambling and lianescent plants found in the wetland `` coal swamps '' of Euramerica and Cathaysia .
The Buru mountain pigeon ( Gymnophaps mada ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Nanorana polunini ( common names : Langtang paa frog , Smith frog , Polunin 's paa frog , Polunin 's spiny frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Brigantiaea is a genus of lichens in the family Brigantiaeaceae .
Agapanthia gemella is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily , that is endemic to Cyprus .
Bombus pyrenaeus is a species of bumblebee belonging to the family Apidae .
Labeobarbus versluysii is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Cameroon in the Wouri , Sanaga and Nyong river basins .
Brachinus patruelis is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that is endemic to Massachusetts , United States .
Thunnus is a genus of ocean - dwelling ray - finned bony fish from the Scombridae ( Mackerel ) family .
Ostorhinchus parvulus is a species of saltwater fish in the Apogonidae family of order Perciformes that lives in Eastern Asia found along rocky reefs around bays .
Portea fosteriana is a species in the genus Portea .
The Boinae are a subfamily of boas found in Central and South America , Africa , and Southeast Asia ( Reunion Island , Mauritius , the Maluku Islands and New Guinea ) .
Hypericum canariense is a species of St. John's - wort known by the common name Canary Islands St. John's - wort .
Dyacopterus is a genus of megabats from south - east Asia .
Maiestas vetus is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is indigenous to Australia and New Zealand .
Oeceoclades decaryana is a terrestrial orchid species of the genus Oeceoclades that is native throughout southern and southeastern Africa .
Cnaphalocrocis medinalis , the rice leafroller , is a species of moth of the Crambidae family .
Doridomorphidae is a taxonomic family of colorful sea slugs or nudibranchs .
Hoogerwerf 's rat ( Rattus hoogerwerfi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Margarites pilsbryi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae , .
Pristimantis is a very large frog genus distributed in the southern Caribbean ( Lesser Antilles ) and in Central and South America from Honduras to northern Argentina and southern Brazil .
Eulaema mocsaryi is a species of large - bodied bee in the tribe Euglossini , the orchid bees .
Peziza cerea , commonly known as the Cellar Cup is a species of Ascomycete fungus in the genus Peziza , family Pezizaceae .
Montserrat Figueras i García ( Catalan : ( munsəˈrat fiˈɣeɾəs i ɡərˈsi.ə ) ; 1942 - -2011 ) was a Spanish soprano who specialized in early music .
Otto Peter ( born 1931 ) is a Swiss classical baritone .
Olimpia Boronat ( 1859 or 1867 -- 1934 ) was an Italian operatic coloratura soprano , noted for her performances of the soprano roles in the bel canto repertory .
Raffaele Arié ( 22 August 1920 , Sofia - 17 March 1988 , Switzerland ) was a Bulgarian bass , particularly associated with the Italian and Russian repertories .
Julián Dobrski ( 31 December 1811 or 1812 , Nowe - 2 May 1886 , Warsaw ) was a Polish operatic tenor .
Wallace Brownlow ( 1861 -- September 1919 ) was an opera singer and actor of the Victorian era best known for baritone roles in the operas of Gilbert and Sullivan .
Bryn Terfel Jones CBE ( Welsh pronunciation : ( ˈbrɨn ˈtɛrvɛl ) ; born 9 November 1965 ) is a Welsh bass - baritone opera and concert singer .
Fanny Tacchinardi Persiani ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈfanːi takːiˈnardi perˈsjani ) ) ( 4 October 1812 -- 3 May 1867 ) was an Italian soprano particularly associated with bel canto composers , such as Rossini , Donizetti , Bellini , and early Verdi .
Éva Marton ( born June 18 , 1943 ) is a Hungarian dramatic soprano , particularly known for her operatic portrayals of Puccini 's Turandot and Tosca , and Wagnerian roles .
Latonia Moore ( born 1979 , in Houston , Texas ) is an American soprano .
Antonio Magini - Coletti ( 17 February 1855 -- 21 July 1912 ) was a leading Italian baritone who had a prolific career in Europe and the United States during the late 19th century and the early part of the 20th century .
Domenico de ' Panzacchi ( 1733 -- after 1805 ) was an Italian operatic tenor and the first Arbace in Mozart 's Idomeneo re di Creta .
Josephine Veasey ( born July 10 , 1930 ) is a British mezzo - soprano , particularly associated with Wagner and Berlioz roles .
Louise Tucker ( born 1956 ) is an English mezzo - soprano opera singer from Bristol , England .
Jolana Fogašová is a Slovak opera singer with the voice type of soprano .
Robert Leonhardt ( 1877 -- February 2 , 1923 ) was an operatic baritone who sang several notable roles with the New York Metropolitan Opera between 1913 and 1922 .
Emma Seehofer ( died 1912 ) was a German operatic contralto who was a principal artist at the Bavarian State Opera in Munich from 1854 to 1887 .
Franz Xaver Gerl ( 1764 - -1827 ) was a bass singer and composer of the classical era .
Giuseppe Ciccimarra ( 22 May 1790 -- 5 December 1836 ) was an Italian tenor , closely associated with Rossini roles .
Solange Michel ( November 27 , 1912 -- December 15 , 2010 ) was a French classical mezzo - soprano who sang in concerts , recitals , and operas from the 1930s to the 1970s .
Werner Güra ( born 1964 ) is a German classical tenor in opera , concert and Lied , also an academic teacher in Zurich .
Bruno Prevedi ( December 21 , 1928 in Revere , ( Mantua ) -- January 12 , 1988 in Milan ) was an Italian tenor , particularly associated with the Italian repertory .
Karel Burian ( also Carl Burrian ) ( 12 January 1870 -- 25 September 1924 ) was a renowned Czech operatic tenor who had an active international career spanning the 1890s to the 1920s .
Martha Sheil is an American operatic soprano who made her professional opera debut as the Contessa in Le nozze di Figaro at the New York City Opera under the baton of Julius Rudel .
Betty Fabila ( born 28 May 1929 ) is a retired Mexican soprano opera singer and biologist .
Alexander Kipnis ( February 13 ( O.S. February 1 ) 1891 -- May 14 , 1978 ) was a Ukrainian - born operatic bass .
Florence Foster Jenkins ( July 19 , 1868 -- November 26 , 1944 ) was an American socialite and amateur operatic soprano who was known and ridiculed for her lack of rhythm , pitch , and tone ; her aberrant pronunciation ; and her generally poor singing ability .
Jarmila Novotná ( September 23 , 1907 , in Prague -- February 9 , 1994 , in New York City ) was a celebrated Czech soprano and actress and , from 1940 to 1956 , a star of the Metropolitan Opera .
Gladys Kuchta ( 1915 - -1998 ) was an American operatic soprano who sang leading roles in opera houses world - wide including the Vienna State Opera , Royal Opera House , Bayreuth Festival , San Francisco Opera , and the Teatro Colón .
Cristina Iordachescu is a Romanian mezzo - soprano and pianist .
Leo Marian Vodička ( born 8 April 1950 ) is a Czech operatic tenor who has had an active international career since the early 1970s .
