author	Book of Sketches is a collection of spontaneous prose poetry by the American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac, published posthumously in 2006.	Book of Sketches	Jack Kerouac
author	Betwixt and Between (L'Envers et l'endroit, also translated as The Wrong Side and the Right Side, Collection, 1937) is a work of non-fiction by Albert Camus.	Betwixt and Between	Albert Camus
author	``A Treatise Concerning Religious Affections'' is a famous publication written in 1746 by Jonathan Edwards describing his philosophy about the process of Christian conversion in Northampton, Massachusetts during the First Great Awakening, which emanated from Edwards' congregation starting in 1734.	Religious Affections	Jonathan Edwards
author	Little Men, or Life at Plumfield with Jo's Boys, is a novel by American author Louisa May Alcott, first published in 1871.	Little Men	Louisa May Alcott
author	Transfer of Power is Vince Flynn's second published book in 1999 and is where the reader meets Mitch Rapp, the CIA's super agent.	Transfer of Power	Vince Flynn
author	Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds is a sequel to H. G. Wells' science fiction novel The War of the Worlds, written by Manly Wade Wellman and his son Wade Wellman, and published in 1975.	Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds	Manly Wade Wellman
author	The Jungle is a 1906 novel written by the American journalist and novelist Upton Sinclair (1878--1968).	The Jungle	Upton Sinclair
author	Madame X (original title La Femme X) is a 1908 play by French playwright Alexandre Bisson (1848--1912).	Madame X	Alexandre Bisson
author	The First Man (French title: Le Premier homme) is Albert Camus' unfinished final novel.	The First Man	Albert Camus
author	Sherston's Progress is the final book of Siegfried Sassoon's semi-autobiographical trilogy.	Sherston's Progress	Siegfried Sassoon
author	Cahier d'un retour au pays natal (1939), translated as Notebook of a Return to the Native Land, is a book-length poem by Martinican writer Aimé Césaire, considered his masterwork, that mixes poetry and prose to express his thoughts on the cultural identity of black Africans in a colonial setting.	Cahier d'un retour au pays natal	Aimé Césaire
author	Toyota Kata is a management book by Mike Rother.	Toyota Kata	Mike Rother
author	The Darkest Evening of the Year is a novel by the author Dean Koontz, released on November 27, 2007.	The Darkest Evening of the Year	Dean Koontz
author	Goodbye to Berlin is a 1939 novel by Christopher Isherwood set in Weimar Germany.	Goodbye to Berlin	Christopher Isherwood
author	The History of United States Naval Operations in World War II is a 15-volume account of the United States Navy in World War II, written by Samuel Eliot Morison and published by Little, Brown and Company between 1947 and 1962.	History of United States Naval Operations in World War II	Samuel Eliot Morison
author	Fear Agent is a science fiction comic book series by Rick Remender with art by Tony Moore and Jerome Opena, who alternate on story arcs.	Fear Agent	Rick Remender
author	For Self-Examination (subtitle: Recommended to the Present Age; Danish: Til Selvprøvelse Samtiden anbefalet) is a work by Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard.	For Self-Examination	Søren Kierkegaard
author	Three Birds Alighting on a Field is a 1992 play by Timberlake Wertenbaker.	Three Birds Alighting on a Field	Timberlake Wertenbaker
author	Motherless Brooklyn is a Jonathan Lethem detective story set in Brooklyn and published in 1999.	Motherless Brooklyn	Jonathan Lethem
author	De Bello Alexandrino (also Bellum Alexandrinum; On the Alexandrine War) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar's commentaries, De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili.	De Bello Alexandrino	Julius Caesar
author	Cheaper by the Dozen is a biographical novel written by Frank Bunker Gilbreth, Jr. and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey, published in 1948.	Cheaper by the Dozen	Frank Bunker Gilbreth, Jr.	Ernestine Gilbreth Carey
author	Men Against the Sea is the second installment in the trilogy by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall about the mutiny aboard HMS Bounty.	Men Against the Sea	Charles Nordhoff	James Norman Hall
author	The Enchanter is a novella written by Vladimir Nabokov in Paris in 1939.	The Enchanter	Vladimir Nabokov
author	The Control of Nature is a 1989 book by John McPhee that chronicles three attempts (with varying success) to control natural processes.	The Control of Nature	John McPhee
author	Der Bürgergeneral (English: The Citizen General) is a comedy in one act by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, written and published in 1793.	Der Bürgergeneral	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
author	``Tralla La'' is a Scrooge McDuck comic book story by Carl Barks.	Tralla La	Carl Barks
author	The novel Harvesting the Heart is author Jodi Picoult's second novel, after Songs of the Humpback Whale, published in 1993 by Viking.	Harvesting the Heart	Jodi Picoult
author	Singularity Sky is a science fiction novel by author Charles Stross, published in 2003.	Singularity Sky	Charles Stross
author	The Misanthrope, or the Cantankerous Lover (French: Le Misanthrope ou l'Atrabilaire amoureux; French pronunciation: ​(lə mizɑ̃tʁɔp u latʁabilɛːʁ amuʁø)) is a 17th-century comedy of manners in verse written by Molière.	The Misanthrope	Molière
author	The Fountains of Paradise is a Hugo and Nebula Award--winning 1979 novel by Arthur C. Clarke.	The Fountains of Paradise	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Feast of Souls (ISBN 0756404630) is a fantasy novel by Celia S. Friedman.	Feast of Souls	Celia S. Friedman
author	The Carved Lions (1895) is a book by British author Mary Louisa Molesworth (Mrs. Molesworth).	The Carved Lions	Mary Louisa Molesworth
author	Dark Mind, Dark Heart is an anthology of horror stories edited by August Derleth.	Dark Mind, Dark Heart	August Derleth
author	In the Grip of Winter is the second book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series by Colin Dann.	In the Grip of Winter	Colin Dann
author	The Brothers Lionheart (Swedish: Bröderna Lejonhjärta) is a children's fantasy novel written by Astrid Lindgren.	The Brothers Lionheart	Astrid Lindgren
author	Maureen Birnbaum, Barbarian Swordsperson is a 1993 anthology by George Alec Effinger, with cover and interior illustrations by Ken Kelly.	Maureen Birnbaum, Barbarian Swordsperson	George Alec Effinger
author	The Tombs of Atuan is a young-adult fantasy novel by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin, first published in the Winter 1970 issue of Worlds of Fantasy and published as a book by Atheneum in 1971.	The Tombs of Atuan	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	The DNAgents is a comic-book series created by writer Mark Evanier and artist Will Meugniot and published by Eclipse Comics in 1983.	The DNAgents	Mark Evanier
author	Les Fleurs du mal (English: The Flowers of Evil) is a volume of French poetry by Charles Baudelaire.	Les Fleurs du mal	Charles Baudelaire
author	The Incomparable Atuk is a satirical novel by Canadian author Mordecai Richler.	The Incomparable Atuk	Mordecai Richler
author	The House Beyond Your Sky is a science fiction short story written in 2006 by Benjamin Rosenbaum.	The House Beyond Your Sky	Benjamin Rosenbaum
author	Louder and Funnier is a collection of essays by P.G. Wodehouse, first published as a book in the United Kingdom on 10 March 1932 by Faber and Faber, London.	Louder and Funnier	P.G. Wodehouse
author	An Imaginative Approach to Teaching is a 2005 non-fiction book by Kieran Egan that explains his ideas about how students'' imaginations work in learning.	An Imaginative Approach to Teaching	Kieran Egan
author	Emotionally Weird is the third novel by Kate Atkinson published in 2000.	Emotionally Weird	Kate Atkinson
author	Yesterday's Shadow is a 2001 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary, his 50th over all.	Yesterday's Shadow	Jon Cleary
author	Miss Marjoribanks is an 1866 novel by Margaret Oliphant.	Miss Marjoribanks	Margaret Oliphant
author	Fragmento preliminar al estudio del derecho (Spanish: Preliminary fragment of the study of law) is an 1837 book by Juan Bautista Alberdi.	Fragmento preliminar al estudio del derecho	Juan Bautista Alberdi
author	An African in Greenland is a 1981 book by the Togolese author Tété-Michel Kpomassie.	An African in Greenland	Tété-Michel Kpomassie
author	Prolegomena zur Geschichte Israels (Prolegomena to the History of Israel) is a book by German biblical scholar and orientalist Julius Wellhausen (1844-1918) that formulated--though did not found--the documentary hypothesis, a theory on the composition history of the Torah or Pentateuch.	Prolegomena zur Geschichte Israels	Julius Wellhausen
author	The Family from One End Street is a realistic English children's novel, written and illustrated by Eve Garnett and published by Frederick Muller in 1937.	The Family from One End Street	Eve Garnett
author	The Mammaries of the Welfare State is an English-language Indian novel, the sequel to Upamanyu Chatterjee's debut novel, English, August.	The Mammaries of the Welfare State	Upamanyu Chatterjee
author	The Kraken Project is a thriller novel by American writer Douglas Preston.	The Kraken Project	Douglas Preston
author	Knees Up Mother Earth is the seventh book by Robert Rankin in the Brentford Trilogy, as well as the second book in the The Witches of Chiswick trilogy.	Knees Up Mother Earth	Robert Rankin
author	Move Under Ground is a horror novel mashup by Nick Mamatas which combines the Beat style of Jack Kerouac with the cosmic horror of H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos.	Move Under Ground	Nick Mamatas
author	``The Dragon on the Bookshelf'' is a short story by American authors Harlan Ellison and Robert Silverberg.	The Dragon on the Bookshelf	Harlan Ellison
author	The Narrow Waters (French: Les Eaux étroites) is a 1976 essay collection by the French writer Julien Gracq.	The Narrow Waters	Julien Gracq
author	China Rich Girlfriend is the 2015 sequel to Kevin Kwan's Crazy Rich Asians a novel about the wealthy Singapore elite.	China Rich Girlfriend	Kevin Kwan
author	Darkness at Noon (German: Sonnenfinsternis) is a novel by Hungarian-born British novelist Arthur Koestler, first published in 1940.	Darkness at Noon	Arthur Koestler
author	As I See It is a 2011 Indian book by politician L. K. Advani, who served as the Deputy Prime Minister of India and former president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).	As I See It	L. K. Advani
author	All the Year Round was a Victorian periodical, being a British weekly literary magazine founded and owned by Charles Dickens, published between 1859 and 1895 throughout the United Kingdom.	All the Year Round	Charles Dickens
author	Randamoozham (English: Second Turn, Malayalam: രണ്ടാമൂഴം) is a 1984 Malayalam novel by M. T. Vasudevan Nair.	Randamoozham	M. T. Vasudevan Nair
author	Love and Death in Bali (German:Liebe und Tod auf Bali) is a 1937 novel by the Austrian writer Vicki Baum.	Love and Death in Bali	Vicki Baum
author	Market Forces was science fiction author Richard K. Morgan's third novel.	Market Forces	Richard K. Morgan
author	Lady Boss is a 1990 novel written by Jackie Collins and the third in her Santangelo novels series.	Lady Boss	Jackie Collins
author	Doctor Glas, an epistolary novel by Hjalmar Söderberg, tells the story of a physician in 19th-century Sweden who deals with moral and love issues.	Doctor Glas	Hjalmar Söderberg
author	Unweaving the Rainbow (subtitled ``Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder'') is a 1998 book by Richard Dawkins, discussing the relationship between science and the arts from the perspective of a scientist.	Unweaving the Rainbow	Richard Dawkins
author	The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers are a trio of underground comic strip characters created by the United States artist Gilbert Shelton.	The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers	Gilbert Shelton
author	Century Rain is a 2004 noir science fiction alternate history mystery novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds (ISBN 0-575-07436-1).	Century Rain	Alastair Reynolds
author	Berts första betraktelser (Swedish: Bert's first contemplations) is a diary novel, written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1990.	Berts första betraktelser	Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson
author	Akhenaten, Dweller in Truth is a novel written and published by Nobel Prize-winning Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz in 1985.	Akhenaten, Dweller in Truth	Naguib Mahfouz
author	Interview with History (Intervista con la storia in Italian) is a book consisting of interviews by the Italian journalist and author Oriana Fallaci (1929--2006), one of the most original and controversial interviewers of her time.	Interview with History	Oriana Fallaci
author	``Story of the Warrior and the Captive'' (original Spanish ``Historia del Guerrero y la cautiva'') is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges.	Story of the Warrior and the Captive	Jorge Luis Borges
author	23 Hours is a 2009 vampire novel written by David Wellington.	23 Hours	David Wellington
author	Confessions of a Teenage Baboon is a young adult novel by Paul Zindel, published in 1977.	Confessions of a Teenage Baboon	Paul Zindel
author	How I Learned Geography, by Uri Shulevitz, is a fictional story recasting a childhood memory.	How I Learned Geography	Uri Shulevitz
author	The Runaway Soul, published by Farrar, Straus & Giroux in 1991, first edition ISBN 978-0-374-25286-1, Library of Congress catalog card number 91-75885, is the long-awaited first novel by Harold Brodkey.	The Runaway Soul	Harold Brodkey
author	In the 2001 book The Unfinished Twentieth Century, author Jonathan Schell suggests that an essential feature of the twentieth century was the development of humankind's capacity for self-destruction, with the rise in many forms of ``policies of extermination''.	The Unfinished Twentieth Century	Jonathan Schell
author	``A Murder, a Mystery, and a Marriage'' is a short story written by Mark Twain in 1876.	A Murder, a Mystery, and a Marriage	Mark Twain
author	Beezus and Ramona is a 1955 children's novel written by Beverly Cleary.	Beezus and Ramona	Beverly Cleary
author	The Streets of Ankh-Morpork is an atlas of the fictional city of Ankh-Morpork in Discworld, a fantasy series by English author Terry Pratchett.	The Streets of Ankh-Morpork	Terry Pratchett
author	The Early Asimov or, Eleven Years of Trying is a 1972 collection of short stories by Isaac Asimov.	The Early Asimov	Isaac Asimov
author	Naples '44 is a military memoir of World War II written by the British travel writer and novelist Norman Lewis that was first published in 1978.	Naples '44	Norman Lewis
author	Anti-Semite and Jew (French: Réflexions sur la question juive) is an essay about antisemitism written by Jean-Paul Sartre shortly after the liberation of Paris from German occupation in 1944.	Anti-Semite and Jew	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	La Semaine Sainte is an historical novel by French writer Louis Aragon published in 1958.	La Semaine Sainte	Louis Aragon
author	Bases y puntos de partida para la organización política de la República Argentina (Spanish: Bases and starting points for the political organization of the Argentine republic) is an Argentine book by Juan Bautista Alberdi.	Bases y puntos de partida para la organización política de la República Argentina	Juan Bautista Alberdi
author	Sun Storm (Solstorm), published in the UK as The Savage Altar, is the first novel by Swedish crime-writer Åsa Larsson.	Sun Storm	Åsa Larsson
author	The Death of Pompey (La Mort de Pompée) is a tragedy by the French playwright Pierre Corneille on the death of Pompey the Great.	The Death of Pompey	Pierre Corneille
author	A Song Flung Up to Heaven is the sixth book in author Maya Angelou's series of autobiographies.	A Song Flung Up to Heaven	Maya Angelou
author	``A Toy for Juliette'' is a short story by Robert Bloch from Harlan Ellison's Dangerous Visions, about Jack the Ripper, being pulled into a dystopic future by a sadistic femme fatale and her mysterious grandfather.	A Toy for Juliette	Robert Bloch
author	Wine of the Dreamers is a 1951 science fiction novel written by John D. MacDonald.	Wine of the Dreamers	John D. MacDonald
author	One Second After is a 2009 fiction novel by American writer William R. Forstchen.	One Second After	William R. Forstchen
author	The Vertical Smile is a political satire novel by Richard Condon.	The Vertical Smile	Richard Condon
author	Mere Christianity is a theological book by C. S. Lewis, adapted from a series of BBC radio talks made between 1942 and 1944, while Lewis was at Oxford during World War II. Considered a classic of Christian apologetics, the transcripts of the broadcasts originally appeared in print as three separate pamphlets:	Mere Christianity	C. S. Lewis
author	Team Rodent is a non-fiction book written by Carl Hiaasen about the Walt Disney Company and its stance towards the outside world.	Team Rodent	Carl Hiaasen
author	The Historical Illuminatus Chronicles is a series of three novels by Robert Anton Wilson written after his highly successful The Illuminatus!	The Historical Illuminatus Chronicles	Robert Anton Wilson
author	Il sindaco del Rione Sanità (``The Mayor of Rione Sanità'') is a play in three acts by Neapolitan screenwriter and actor Eduardo De Filippo.	Il sindaco del Rione Sanità	Eduardo De Filippo
author	Great Destiny is a 1973 historical novel by Mongolian author Sonomyn Udval.	Great Destiny	Sonomyn Udval
author	The Guilty Mother (French: La Mère coupable) subtitled The Other Tartuffe is the third play of the Figaro trilogy by Pierre Beaumarchais; its predecessors were The Barber of Seville and The Marriage of Figaro.	The Guilty Mother	Pierre Beaumarchais
author	The Road to Character is the fourth book written by David Brooks.	The Road to Character	David Brooks
author	Decision Points is a memoir by former U.S. President George W. Bush.	Decision Points	George W. Bush
author	And a Star to Steer Her By is a science fiction short story by G. Harry Stine under the name Lee Correy originally published in the June 1953 edition of Astounding Science Fiction.	And a Star to Steer Her By	G. Harry Stine
author	On the Councils and the Church (1539) is a treatise on ecclesiology written by Protestant reformer Martin Luther late in life.	On the Councils and the Church	Martin Luther
author	Osbert Lancaster's Drayneflete Revealed (1949, published in the US as There'll Always be a Drayneflete 1950), is an illustrated book on architectural style.	Drayneflete Revealed	Osbert Lancaster
author	Felix Holt, the Radical (1866) is a social novel written by George Eliot about political disputes in a small English town at the time of the First Reform Act of 1832.	Felix Holt, the Radical	George Eliot
author	Consider the Lobster and Other Essays (2005) is a collection of essays by novelist David Foster Wallace.	Consider the Lobster	David Foster Wallace
author	The Closing of the American Mind is a 1987 book by Allan Bloom, who describes ``how higher education has failed democracy and impoverished the souls of today's students.''	The Closing of the American Mind	Allan Bloom
author	Drugs Are Nice is the memoir of Lisa Crystal Carver published by Soft Skull Press in the US in 2005 and by Snowbooks in the UK in 2006, detailing her early childhood and later romantic relationships with Costes, Boyd Rice and Smog's Bill Callahan.	Drugs Are Nice	Lisa Crystal Carver
author	The Interior Castle, or The Mansions, (Spanish: El Castillo Interior or Las Moradas) was written by St. Teresa of Ávila, O.C.D., the Spanish Discalced Carmelite nun and famed mystic, in 1577 as a guide for spiritual development through service and prayer.	The Interior Castle	Teresa of Ávila
author	Inventing the AIDS Virus is a 1996 book by molecular biologist Peter Duesberg, in which he argues that HIV does not cause AIDS.	Inventing the AIDS Virus	Peter Duesberg
author	Time Stops for No Mouse is a children's mystery novel written by Michael Hoeye.	Time Stops for No Mouse	Michael Hoeye
author	Shy Leopardess is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer, the third and last book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle.	Shy Leopardess	Leslie Barringer
author	I natt rømmer vi is a Norwegian children's book from 1932, written by Bernhard Stokke.	I natt rømmer vi	Bernhard Stokke
author	A Short History of Byzantium (1997) is a history of the Byzantine Empire by historian John Julius Norwich.	A Short History of Byzantium	John Julius Norwich
author	``The Lawnmower Man'' is a short story by Stephen King, first published in the May 1975 issue of Cavalier and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.	The Lawnmower Man	Stephen King
author	The Chopin Manuscript is a collaboration by 15 thriller writers created by Jeffery Deaver.	The Chopin Manuscript	Jeffery Deaver
author	Antrax is the second book in Terry Brooks' The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara fantasy trilogy.	Antrax	Terry Brooks
author	Sea and Sardinia is a travel book by the English writer D. H. Lawrence.	Sea and Sardinia	D. H. Lawrence
author	Enchanted, Inc. is the first book in the ``Katie Chandler'' series of romantic urban fantasy novels by Shanna Swendson published in 2005.	Enchanted, Inc.	Shanna Swendson
author	Mo Said She Was Quirky is a novel by James Kelman first published in 2012 This novel is Kelman's first which is set in London, and also his first to feature a female principal character.	Mo Said She Was Quirky	James Kelman
author	Le Chevalier de Maison-Rouge (translated as The Knight of Maison-Rouge: A Novel of Marie Antoinette or The Knight of the Red House) was written in 1845 by Alexandre Dumas, père.	Le Chevalier de Maison-Rouge	Alexandre Dumas
author	The Black Order Brigade (1979; also published as The Ranks of the Black Order; original French title Les Phalanges de l'Ordre Noir) is a political thriller graphic novel written by Pierre Christin and illustrated by Enki Bilal.	The Black Order Brigade	Enki Bilal
author	On Translating Homer, published in January 1861, was a printed version of the series of public lectures given by Matthew Arnold as Professor of Poetry at Oxford from 3 November 1860 to 18 December 1860.	On Translating Homer	Matthew Arnold
author	Too Much Coffee Man (TMCM) is an American satirical superhero created by cartoonist Shannon Wheeler.	Too Much Coffee Man	Shannon Wheeler
author	A Simple Enquiry is a short story written by Ernest Hemingway.	A Simple Enquiry	Ernest Hemingway
author	The Knight in the Panther's Skin (Georgian: ვეფხისტყაოსანი pronounced (vɛpʰxist’q’ɑosɑni) literally ``one with a skin of vepkhi'') is a Georgian medieval epic poem, written in the 12th century by Georgia's national poet Shota Rustaveli.	The Knight in the Panther's Skin	Shota Rustaveli
author	The Blue Gate of Babylon is the third comic novel by British writer Paul Pickering.	The Blue Gate of Babylon	Paul Pickering
author	Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game is a 2009 novel by Tilly Bagshawe.	Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game	Tilly Bagshawe
author	The Sissy Duckling is a children's picture book written by noted actor Harvey Fierstein and illustrated by Henry Cole.	The Sissy Duckling	Harvey Fierstein
author	The Atlas of Pern by Karen Wynn Fonstad is an authorized companion book to the science fiction Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne McCaffrey.	The Atlas of Pern	Karen Wynn Fonstad
author	Begone, Demons, also translated as Get Out You Damned, or Get Out of Here, Curse You! is Saddam Hussein's fourth and last novel.	Begone, Demons	Saddam Hussein
author	The Manhattan Projects is a comic book series co-created by writer Jonathan Hickman and artist Nick Pitarra published by Image Comics.	The Manhattan Projects	Jonathan Hickman
author	Embassytown is a science fiction novel by British author China Miéville.	Embassytown	China Miéville
author	Skinnybones is a 1982 children's novel written by Barbara Park.	Skinnybones	Barbara Park
author	Shadow Divers (published in 2004) is a non-fictional book by Robert Kurson recounting of the discovery of a World War II German U-boat 60 miles (97 km) off the coast of New Jersey, United States in 1991.	Shadow Divers	Robert Kurson
author	The Case for Animal Rights is a 1983 book by the American philosopher, Tom Regan, and an ``important'' text within animal rights theory.	The Case for Animal Rights	Tom Regan
author	The New Space Opera (2007, ISBN 978-0-06-084675-6) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois and Jonathan Strahan.	The New Space Opera	Gardner Dozois	Jonathan Strahan
author	Doctor Omega is a fictional character created by French writer Arnould Galopin for his science fiction novel Le Docteur Oméga (1906), visibly inspired by H. G. Wells' novels The War of the Worlds and The First Men in the Moon.	Doctor Omega	Arnould Galopin
author	Love on the Dole is a novel by Walter Greenwood, about working class poverty in 1930s Northern England.	Love on the Dole	Walter Greenwood
author	The Black Hills Cemetery Act (H.R. 291; Pub.L. 113--131) is a United States public law that was introduced into the United States House of Representatives of the 113th United States Congress on January 15, 2013 by Rep. Kristi Noem (SD-R).	Black Hills Cemetery Act	Kristi Noem
author	Thursbitch is a novel by English writer Alan Garner, named after the valley in the Pennines of England where the action occurs (also listed in the 1841 OS map as ``Thursbatch'').	Thursbitch	Alan Garner
author	Floor Games is a book published in 1911 by H. G. Wells.	Floor Games	H. G. Wells
author	The Vondish Ambassador (2007) is a novel by Lawrence Watt-Evans set in his Ethshar universe.	The Vondish Ambassador	Lawrence Watt-Evans
author	Les lauriers sont coupés (French pronunciation: ​(le lɔʁje sɔ̃ kupe), ``The laurels are cut'') is an 1887 novel by French author Édouard Dujardin, first published in the magazine Revue Indépendante.	Les lauriers sont coupés	Édouard Dujardin
author	The Sprawl trilogy (also known as the Neuromancer, Cyberspace, or Matrix trilogy) is William Gibson's first set of novels, composed of Neuromancer (1984), Count Zero (1986), and Mona Lisa Overdrive (1988).	Sprawl trilogy	William Gibson
author	``Promoting a Devil'' (also translated as The Imp and the Crust) is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1886.	Promoting a Devil	Leo Tolstoy
author	Things the Grandchildren Should Know is an autobiography by Mark Oliver Everett, the front man of the independent rock band Eels.	Things the Grandchildren Should Know	Mark Oliver Everett
author	La Paix du ménage (Domestic Bliss) is a French novella by Honoré de Balzac, which was first published by Mame et Delaunay-Vallée in 1830 as one of the author's Scènes de la vie privée (Scenes from Private Life).	La Paix du ménage	Honoré de Balzac
author	Just in Case is a young-adult novel by Meg Rosoff published by Penguin in 2006.	Just in Case	Meg Rosoff
author	``Dead Man's Chest'' (also known as Fifteen Men On The Dead Man's Chest or Derelict) is a fictional sea song, originally from Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island (1883).	Dead Man's Chest	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	Dialectic of Enlightenment (German: Dialektik der Aufklärung) is a work of philosophy and social criticism written by Frankfurt School philosophers Max Horkheimer and Theodor W. Adorno and first published in 1944.	Dialectic of Enlightenment	Max Horkheimer	Theodor W. Adorno
author	``Merlusine'' is a 1997 fantasy and science fiction novelette by Lucy Sussex.	Merlusine	Lucy Sussex
author	Three Day Road is the first novel from Canadian writer Joseph Boyden.	Three Day Road	Joseph Boyden
author	``The Hallmarks of Cancer'' is a seminal peer-reviewed article published in the journal Cell in January 2000 by the cancer researchers Douglas Hanahan and Robert Weinberg.	The Hallmarks of Cancer	Douglas Hanahan	Robert Weinberg
author	Streets of Glory is a 6-issue western comic book mini-series written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Mike Wolfer.	Streets of Glory	Garth Ennis
author	Hollywood Husbands is a 1986 novel by the British author Jackie Collins.	Hollywood Husbands	Jackie Collins
author	A Treatise on the Astrolabe is a medieval instruction manual on the astrolabe by Geoffrey Chaucer.	A Treatise on the Astrolabe	Geoffrey Chaucer
author	The Way the World is Going is a 1928 nonfiction book written by British author H. G. Wells.	The Way the World is Going	H. G. Wells
author	On the Oceans of Eternity is the third and final novel of the Nantucket alternate history series by S. M. Stirling.	On the Oceans of Eternity	S. M. Stirling
author	The Lüshi Chunqiu (Lü-shih Ch'un-ch'iu) is an encyclopedic Chinese classic text compiled around 239 BC under the patronage of the Qin Dynasty Chancellor Lü Buwei.	Lüshi Chunqiu	Lü Buwei
author	Come Sing, Jimmy Jo is a 1985 children's novel written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson.	Come Sing, Jimmy Jo	Katherine Paterson
author	The Atlantic Sound is a 2000 travel book by Caryl Phillips.	The Atlantic Sound	Caryl Phillips
author	Decisive Moments in History (German: Sternstunden der Menschheit) is a 1927 history book by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig.	Decisive Moments in History	Stefan Zweig
author	Enoc Huws is a classic novel by Daniel Owen, written in the Welsh language and first published in 1891.	Enoc Huws	Daniel Owen
author	The Short, Strange Life of Herschel Grynszpan is a book by Jonathan Kirsch about Herschel Grynszpan, a Polish-Jewish refugee who assassinated German diplomat Ernst vom Rath on 7 November 1938.	The Short, Strange Life of Herschel Grynszpan	Jonathan Kirsch
author	Superdupont is a French comic strip created in 1972 by Marcel Gotlib and Jacques Lob, with the collaboration of Alexis.	Superdupont	Gotlib
author	The Ragnarök Conspiracy is the 2012 debut thriller novel by biomedical scientist Erec Stebbins, and the first novel in the Intel 1 Series of thrillers.	The Ragnarök Conspiracy	Erec Stebbins
author	The Book of Saladin is an historical novel by Pakistani born British writer Tariq Ali, first published in 1998.	The Book of Saladin	Tariq Ali
author	Adventures in a TV Nation is a book by American author and film director Michael Moore and his producer and wife Kathleen Glynn.	Adventures in a TV Nation	Michael Moore
author	Black Swan Green is a semi-autobiographical bildungsroman written by David Mitchell.	Black Swan Green	David Mitchell
author	Actes et Paroles (English: Deeds and Words) is a book by Victor Hugo, that recounts his life story and his dreams of the future.	Actes et Paroles	Victor Hugo
author	Come over to My House is a 1966 children's book written by Dr. Seuss and illustrated by Richard Erdoes.	Come over to My House	Dr. Seuss
author	A Voice in the Wind (1993) is a novel by Francine Rivers, and the first book in the Mark of the Lion Series.	A Voice in the Wind	Francine Rivers
author	Every Man a Tiger (1999) is Tom Clancy's second book in his study of command series.	Every Man a Tiger	Tom Clancy
author	Hachiko Waits is a children's book, written by Lesléa Newman and illustrated by Machiyo Kodaira.	Hachiko Waits	Lesléa Newman
author	War Trash is a novel by the Chinese author Ha Jin, who has long lived in the United States and who writes in English.	War Trash	Ha Jin
author	The Historical Atlas of World Mythology is a multi-volume series of books by Joseph Campbell that traces developments in humankind's mythological symbols and stories from pre-history forward.	Historical Atlas of World Mythology	Joseph Campbell
author	Pomes Penyeach is a collection of thirteen short poems written by James Joyce.	Pomes Penyeach	James Joyce
author	The Snout in the Dark is one of the original stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian, an untitled fragment begun in the 1930s but not finished or published in Howard's lifetime.	The Snout in the Dark	Robert E. Howard
author	Terje Vigen is a poem written by Henrik Ibsen, published in 1862.	Terje Vigen	Henrik Ibsen
author	Veil's Visit: a Taste of Hap and Leonard is a collection of stories and excerpts by American author Joe R. Lansdale featuring his longtime protagonists Hap Collins and Leonard Pine.	Veil's Visit: a Taste of Hap and Leonard	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Eyes of the Emperor is a historical novel written by Graham Salisbury, and is currently published by Laurel-Leaf, which is an imprint of Random House Children's Books, in the United States in paperback.	Eyes of the Emperor	Graham Salisbury
author	Kensuke's Kingdom is a children's novel by Michael Morpurgo, illustrated by Michael Foreman.	Kensuke's Kingdom	Michael Morpurgo
author	The Bane Chronicles is a series of connected novellas featuring the character of Magnus Bane from Cassandra Clare's The Mortal Instruments series.	The Bane Chronicles	Cassandra Clare
author	On Ayn Rand is a book about the life and thought of 20th-century philosopher Ayn Rand by scholar Allan Gotthelf.	On Ayn Rand	Allan Gotthelf
author	The Crystal Crypt is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick, first published in the January 1954 edition of Planet Stories and later published in Beyond Lies the Wub in 1988.	The Crystal Crypt	Philip K. Dick
author	From the Dust Returned is a fix-up fantasy novel by Ray Bradbury published in 2001.	From the Dust Returned	Ray Bradbury
author	A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin.	A Song of Ice and Fire	George R. R. Martin
author	The Hanging Valley is the fourth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels.	The Hanging Valley	Peter Robinson
author	The Pleasure of Finding Things Out is a collection of short works from American physicist Richard Feynman, including interviews, speeches, lectures, and printed articles.	The Pleasure of Finding Things Out	Richard Feynman
author	The Dragon Masters is a science fiction novella by American author Jack Vance.	The Dragon Masters	Jack Vance
author	The Tiangong Kaiwu (天工開物), or The Exploitation of the Works of Nature was a Chinese encyclopedia compiled by Song Yingxing.	Tiangong Kaiwu	Song Yingxing
author	The Siege of Trencher's Farm (1969) is a novel by Scottish author Gordon Williams and first published by Secker & Warburg.	The Siege of Trencher's Farm	Gordon Williams
author	The Father Christmas Letters, also known as Letters from Father Christmas, are a collection of letters written and illustrated by J. R. R. Tolkien between 1920 and 1942 for his children, from Father Christmas.	The Father Christmas Letters	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	``The Problem of Our Laws'' (``Zur Frage der Gesetze'') is a short parable by Franz Kafka was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin, 1931).	The Problem of Our Laws	Franz Kafka
author	Mourning and Melancholia (German: Trauer und Melancholie) is a work of Sigmund Freud from the year 1917.	Mourning and Melancholia	Sigmund Freud
author	Magic's Pawn is a 1989 fantasy novel by Mercedes Lackey.	Magic's Pawn	Mercedes Lackey
author	Kaddish for an Unborn Child (Hungarian: Kaddis a meg nem született gyermekért) is a novel by Imre Kertész, first published in 1990 (ISBN 0-8101-1161-6).	Kaddish for an Unborn Child	Imre Kertész
author	The Myth of the Latin Woman (also known under the title Just Met a Girl Named Maria) is a non-fiction essay written by Puerto Rican author Judith Ortiz Cofer.	The Myth of the Latin Woman	Judith Ortiz Cofer
author	The Wind's Twelve Quarters is a collection of short stories by Ursula K. Le Guin, named after a line from A.E. Housman's A Shropshire Lad and first published by Harper & Row in 1975.	The Wind's Twelve Quarters	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	Critique of Dialectical Reason (French: Critique de la raison dialectique) is a 1960 book by philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre in which he further develops the existentialist Marxism he first expounded in his essay Search for a Method (1957).	Critique of Dialectical Reason	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	Heroes Die by Matthew Stover is the first of a series of novels blending science fiction and fantasy and featuring the protagonist Caine.	Heroes Die	Matthew Stover
author	Shadow of Night is a 2012 historical-fantasy novel by American scholar Deborah Harkness, the second book in the All Souls trilogy.	Shadow of Night	Deborah Harkness
author	A Pleasant Comedy, called A Maidenhead Well Lost is a dark comedy set in Italy; it was written and published by Thomas Heywood in 1634 and performed at The Cockpit by Queen Henrietta's Men in that same year.	A Maidenhead Well Lost	Thomas Heywood
author	Il Vologeso is the title of several operas, based on the same story as Apostolo Zeno's ``Lucio Vero'', but in a later version (1700), which had first been set to music as Vologeso, re de' Parti by Rinaldo di Capua in 1739 to a libretto by Guido Eustachio Luccarelli.	Vologeso	Apostolo Zeno
author	The Shadow Speaker (Sun/Hyperion 2007), by Nnedi Okorafor, is a young adult, first-person novel that takes place in the year 2070.	The Shadow Speaker	Nnedi Okorafor
author	Raising My Voice is a 2009 book by Malalai Joya with Derrick O'Keefe about the life of Malalai Joya the 'Bravest woman in Afghanistan' and suspended Member of Afghan Parliament.	Raising My Voice	Malalai Joya
author	The ``Zuo'' of the Zuo zhuan's title was traditionally believed to refer to one ``Zuo Qiuming''--an obscure figure of the 5th century BC described as a blind disciple of Confucius--but there is little actual evidence to support this.	Zuo zhuan	Zuo Qiuming
author	Old Town in the Green Groves, by Cynthia Rylant, is a novel based on some notes left by Laura Ingalls Wilder and a general knowledge about her life and the times.	Old Town in the Green Groves	Cynthia Rylant
author	This Misery of Boots is a 1907 political tract by H. G. Wells advocating socialism.	This Misery of Boots	H. G. Wells
author	The Two Baronesses (De to Baronesser) is an 1848 novel by Hans Christian Andersen, translated into English by Charles Beckwith Lohmeyer.	The Two Baronesses	Hans Christian Andersen
author	The Hand in the Glove (British title Crime on Her Hands) is a Dol Bonner mystery novel by Rex Stout.	The Hand in the Glove	Rex Stout
author	Tuva or Bust! (1991) is a book by Ralph Leighton about the author and his friend Richard Feynman's attempt to travel to Tuva.	Tuva or Bust!	Ralph Leighton
author	Five Are Together Again (published 1963) is a children's novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton.	Five Are Together Again	Enid Blyton
author	Tjerita Sie Po Giok, atawa Peroentoengannja Satoe Anak Piatoe (better known by the short title Sie Po Giok) is a 1911 children's novel from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) written by Tio Ie Soei in vernacular Malay.	Sie Po Giok	Tio Ie Soei
author	Nicaragua Betrayed, published in 1980, is the memoir of former Nicaraguan president Anastasio Somoza Debayle (as told to Jack Cox), who had been toppled the previous year by the Sandinista insurgency.	Nicaragua Betrayed	Anastasio Somoza Debayle
author	The Description of the Human Body (French: La description du corps humain) is an unfinished treatise written in 1647 by René Descartes.	The Description of the Human Body	René Descartes
author	The Hungry Tiger of Oz (1926) is the twentieth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors, and the sixth written by Ruth Plumly Thompson.	The Hungry Tiger of Oz	Ruth Plumly Thompson
author	Hiding Edith is a non-fiction work written by Kathy Kacer in 2006 and published by Second Story Press (ISBN 9781897187067).	Hiding Edith	Kathy Kacer
author	The Gift of Rain is the first novel by Tan Twan Eng published in 2007 by Myrmidon Books in the UK and the following year by Weinstein Books in the US.	The Gift of Rain	Tan Twan Eng
author	Demon Thief is a book in Darren Shan's Demonata series.	Demon Thief	Darren Shan
author	Klipgooi is the title of the 1999 Afrikaans novel (ISBN 0-7981-3963-3), written by the South African author François Bloemhof and is also the name of the fictional town which forms the setting for the story within the novel.	Klipgooi	François Bloemhof
author	A History of US is a ten-volume (and one sourcebook) historical book series for children, written by Joy Hakim and first published in its entirety in 1995.	A History of US	Joy Hakim
author	Decolonising the Mind: the Politics of Language in African Literature (Heinemann Educational, 1986), by Kenyan novelist and post-colonial theorist Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, is a collection of non-fiction essays about language and its constructive role in national culture, history, and identity.	Decolonising the Mind	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
author	Dans le ciel (In the Sky) is a novel written by the French journalist, novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau.	Dans le ciel	Octave Mirbeau
author	The Story of Miss Moppet is a tale about teasing, featuring a kitten and a mouse, that was written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter.	The Story of Miss Moppet	Beatrix Potter
author	Counter-Clock World is a 1967 science fiction novel by author Philip K. Dick.	Counter-Clock World	Philip K. Dick
author	Numerical Recipes is the generic title of a series of books on algorithms and numerical analysis by William H. Press, Saul A. Teukolsky, William T. Vetterling and Brian P. Flannery.	Numerical Recipes	William H. Press
author	Steel Beach is a 1993 novel by John Varley, a science fiction writer who has won both the Hugo and Nebula Awards multiple times.	Steel Beach	John Varley
author	Inside Las Vegas is a non-fiction book by Mario Puzo, one of only two non-fiction works by this author.	Inside Las Vegas	Mario Puzo
author	Human Rites (French: Les Combustibles) is a Belgian play by Amélie Nothomb.	Human Rites	Amélie Nothomb
author	MetaHorror is an anthology of stories edited by Dennis Etchison.	MetaHorror	Dennis Etchison
author	The Web and the Rock is an American bildungsroman novel by Thomas Wolfe, published posthumously in 1939.	The Web and the Rock	Thomas Wolfe
author	Visions of Cody is an experimental novel by Jack Kerouac.	Visions of Cody	Jack Kerouac
author	Sun of Suns, Book One of Virga, is a science fiction novel by Karl Schroeder, published by Tor in 2006.	Sun of Suns	Karl Schroeder
author	An uncollected story written by J. D. Salinger, ``The Long Debut of Lois Taggett'' is the tale of a debutante and her long process of coming out.	The Long Debut of Lois Taggett	J. D. Salinger
author	Jazzy in the Jungle is a children's picture book by Lucy Cousins, published in 2002.	Jazzy in the Jungle	Lucy Cousins
author	The Green Felt Jungle is a 1963 book by Ovid Demaris and Ed Reid.	The Green Felt Jungle	Ovid Demaris
author	Year's Best SF 3 (ISBN 0-06-105901-3) is a science fiction anthology, edited by David G. Hartwell, that was published in 1998.	Year's Best SF 3	David G. Hartwell
author	Tony Hale, Space Detective is a juvenile science fiction novel, the fifteenth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series.	Tony Hale, Space Detective	Hugh Walters
author	Growth of Muslim Population in Medieval India (1000-1800) is a book written by K. S. Lal published in 1973.	Growth of Muslim Population in Medieval India	K. S. Lal
author	Orc Stain is an ongoing fantasy comic book series created by James Stokoe and published by Image Comics.	Orc Stain	James Stokoe
author	Best Friends Getting Sorted is the second part of the Best Friends series by Rosie Rushton.	Best Friends Getting Sorted	Rosie Rushton
author	Travels through France and Italy is travel literature by Tobias Smollett published in 1766.	Travels through France and Italy	Tobias Smollett
author	Liberalism and the Limits of Justice (1982; second edition 1998) is a book by Michael Sandel.	Liberalism and the Limits of Justice	Michael Sandel
author	The Monastery: a Romance (1820) is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott.	The Monastery	Walter Scott
author	Vatan Aur Desh is the first of the two volumes of the novel Jhutha Sach by the author Yashpal.	Vatan Aur Desh	Yashpal
author	The Skyfire Puzzle is no. 85 in the Hardy Boys series and no. 36 in the Mystery Digest series, written by Franklin W. Dixon.	The Skyfire Puzzle	Franklin W. Dixon
author	Germany's Aims in the First World War (German title: Griff nach der Weltmacht: Die Kriegzielpolitik des kaiserlichen Deutschland 1914--1918) is a book by German Historian Fritz Fischer.	Germany's Aims in the First World War	Fritz Fischer
author	The Three Perils of Woman is a three volume work of one novel and two linked novellas by Scots author and poet James Hogg.	The Three Perils of Woman	James Hogg
author	Aarachaar (Malayalam: ആരാച്ചാർ, Ārāccāṟ, lit. Executioner, Hangwoman) is a Malayalam novel written by K. R. Meera.	Aarachaar	K. R. Meera
author	Welcome to Hoxford is a four-issue comic book mini-series created, written, and drawn by Eisner Award nominee and Spike Scream Award-winner Ben Templesmith and published by IDW Publishing.	Welcome to Hoxford	Ben Templesmith
author	A Monetary History of the United States, 1867--1960 is a book written in 1963 by Nobel Prize--winning economist Milton Friedman and Anna J. Schwartz.	A Monetary History of the United States	Milton Friedman
author	Death from a Top Hat (1938) is a locked-room mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson.	Death from a Top Hat	Clayton Rawson
author	``Free Men'' is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein, which originally appeared in the Heinlein collection, The Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein (Ace F-375, 1966) and was later collected in Expanded Universe.	Free Men	Robert A. Heinlein
author	``The Children's Story'' is a 4,300 word short story by James Clavell, which appeared in Reader's Digest (June 1964 issue) and was republished in book form in 1981.	The Children's Story	James Clavell
author	The Execution of Justice (German: Justiz) is a 1985 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt.	The Execution of Justice	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
author	The Auberge of the Flowering Hearth by Roy Andries De Groot, was published in 1973, in which de Groot writes about the time he spent at a French inn by that name (L'Auberge de l'Atre Fleuri in St-Pierre-de-Chartreuse, Savoy) and the good meals he ate there.	The Auberge of the Flowering Hearth	Roy Andries De Groot
author	Les Poneys sauvages (``the wild ponies'') is a 1970 novel by the French writer Michel Déon.	Les Poneys sauvages	Michel Déon
author	La Chatte is a short novel by French writer Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette.	La Chatte	Colette
author	Protostars is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by David Gerrold and Stephen Goldin.	Protostars	David Gerrold	Stephen Goldin
author	The Manuel de civilité pour les petites filles à l'usage des maisons d'éducation (English: Handbook of behaviour for little girls to be used in educational establishments) is an erotic literary work by the French writer Pierre Louÿs, written in 1917 and published posthumously and anonymously in 1927.	Manuel de civilité pour les petites filles à l'usage des maisons d'éducation	Pierre Louÿs
author	Simon Called Peter is a novel by Robert Keable (1887--1927) which was a best-seller in 1921.	Simon Called Peter	Robert Keable
author	``The Hound'' is a short story written by H. P. Lovecraft in September 1922 and published in the February 1924 issue of Weird Tales.	The Hound	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Battlelines is a 2009 book by Tony Abbott, the former Prime Minister of Australia, when he was then in Opposition.	Battlelines	Tony Abbott
author	Sporting Chance is a science fiction novel, written by Elizabeth Moon.	Sporting Chance	Elizabeth Moon
author	The Mystery of the Vanished Prince, published 1951, is the ninth novel in the Five Find-Outers series written by Enid Blyton.	The Mystery of the Vanished Prince	Enid Blyton
author	Tango on intohimoni (or Tango is my Passion) is a novel about Finnish tango written by M. A. Numminen.	Tango on intohimoni	M. A. Numminen
author	When We Were Very Young is a best-selling book of poetry by A. A. Milne.	When We Were Very Young	A. A. Milne
author	The Hardcore Diaries is the third autobiography of New York Times best-selling author and former WWE wrestler Mick Foley.	The Hardcore Diaries	Mick Foley
author	``Parasite Planet'' is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum originally published in the February 1935 issue of Astounding Stories.	Parasite Planet	Stanley G. Weinbaum
author	The Ski Bum is a novel by Lithuanian-French author Romain Gary (1914--1980).	The Ski Bum	Romain Gary
author	Sputnik Caledonia (2008) is a novel by Andrew Crumey, for which he won the Northern Rock Foundation Writer's Award.	Sputnik Caledonia	Andrew Crumey
author	The Atom Station (Icelandic: Atómstöðin) is a novel by Icelandic author Halldór Laxness, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1955.	The Atom Station	Halldór Laxness
author	Dry-Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice (1889) is British author and angler Frederic M. Halford's second and most influential book on dry-fly fishing.	Dry-Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice	Frederic M. Halford
author	Nervous Conditions is a novel by Zimbabwean author Tsitsi Dangarembga, first published in the United Kingdom in 1988 by the Women's Press.	Nervous Conditions	Tsitsi Dangarembga
author	Zazie in the Metro or Zazie (depending on the translation of the original French title Zazie dans le Métro) is a French novel written in 1959 by Raymond Queneau, and his first major success.	Zazie in the Metro	Raymond Queneau
author	The Long Walk is a dystopian novel by Stephen King published under the pseudonym Richard Bachman in 1979 as a paperback original.	The Long Walk	Stephen King
author	Forged in the Fire is a 2006 novel for young adults by Ann Turnbull, about Quaker life in the 1660s.	Forged in the Fire	Ann Turnbull
author	Starship Troopers is a military science fiction novel by American writer Robert A. Heinlein, published hardcover in December 1959.	Starship Troopers	Robert A. Heinlein
author	The Rational Optimist is a 2010 popular science book by Matt Ridley, author of The Red Queen.	The Rational Optimist	Matt Ridley
author	``O Sacred Love of the Beloved Country'' (Polish title: ``Święta miłości kochanej ojczyzny''; also, ``Hymn do miłości ojczyzny,'' ``Hymn to Love of Country'') is a patriotic poem by the Polish Enlightenment author and poet, Ignacy Krasicki, published in 1774.	O Sacred Love of the Beloved Country	Ignacy Krasicki
author	The Bullfighter Checks Her Makeup is a collection of essays by Susan Orlean published in 2001 by Random House.	The Bullfighter Checks Her Makeup	Susan Orlean
author	Tietam Brown is wrestler Mick Foley's first novel, published in 2003.	Tietam Brown	Mick Foley
author	The Poème sur le désastre de Lisbonne (English title: Poem on the Lisbon Disaster) is a poem in French composed by Voltaire as a response to the 1755 Lisbon earthquake.	Poème sur le désastre de Lisbonne	Voltaire
author	Driftglass is a 1971 collection of science fiction short stories by Samuel R. Delany.	Driftglass	Samuel R. Delany
author	Starclimber is the third book in the Matt Cruse fantasy series, written by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel.	Starclimber	Kenneth Oppel
author	The House at Riverton is the first novel by Australian author Kate Morton, published in the United Kingdom by Pan Macmillan in June 2007.	The House at Riverton	Kate Morton
author	No More Dying Then is a novel by the British crime-writer Ruth Rendell.	No More Dying Then	Ruth Rendell
author	The Unknown Terrorist is the 2006 fourth novel by the Australian novelist Richard Flanagan.	The Unknown Terrorist	Richard Flanagan
author	The Dark Frontier (1936) is Eric Ambler's first novel, about whose genesis he writes: ``(...)	The Dark Frontier	Eric Ambler
author	A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel by American writer Madeleine L'Engle, first published in 1963.	A Wrinkle in Time	Madeleine L'Engle
author	Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood is a realistic, largely autobiographical, novel by George MacDonald.	Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood	George MacDonald
author	Four Ways to Forgiveness is a collection of four short stories or novellas by Ursula K. Le Guin.	Four Ways to Forgiveness	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	The Sweetest Fig is a children's fantasy novel written in 1993 by the American author Chris Van Allsburg.	The Sweetest Fig	Chris Van Allsburg
author	The C++ Programming Language was the first book to describe the C++ programming language, written by the language's creator, Bjarne Stroustrup, and first published in October 1985.	The C++ Programming Language	Bjarne Stroustrup
author	Eikonoklastes (from the Greek εἰκονοκλάστης, ``iconoclast'') is a book by John Milton, published October 1649.	Eikonoklastes	John Milton
author	Að laufferjum is a 1972 poetry collection by Icelandic poet Ólafur Jóhann Sigurðsson.	Að laufferjum	Ólafur Jóhann Sigurðsson
author	Run, River is the debut novel of Joan Didion, first published in 1963.	Run, River	Joan Didion
author	The Copper Scroll is a 2006 Christian apocalyptic novel by Joel C. Rosenberg.	The Copper Scroll	Joel C. Rosenberg
author	Murderous Maths is a series of British educational books by author Kjartan Poskitt.	Murderous Maths	Kjartan Poskitt
author	La Vieillesse is an essay by Simone de Beauvoir which was published on 23 January 1970.	La Vieillesse	Simone de Beauvoir
author	The Scorpion's Gate is a geopolitical thriller by former United States intelligence and Counterterrorism official Richard A. Clarke.	The Scorpion's Gate	Richard A. Clarke
author	Napalm and Silly Putty is a 2001 book by comedian George Carlin.	Napalm and Silly Putty	George Carlin
author	The Baron in the Trees (Italian: Il barone rampante) is a 1957 Italian novel by Italo Calvino.	The Baron in the Trees	Italo Calvino
author	The Seventh Gate (1994) is the final novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman in their seven-book Death Gate Cycle series.	The Seventh Gate	Margaret Weis	Tracy Hickman
author	Epistulae ad Brutum (Letters to Brutus) is a collection of letters between Roman politician and orator Marcus Tullius Cicero to fellow politician, and conspirator against Julius Caesar, Marcus Junius Brutus.	Epistulae ad Brutum	Cicero
author	Evan Harrington is an 1861 novel by George Meredith, a glowing comedy of Victorian presumptions.	Evan Harrington	George Meredith
author	Walt's Time: from before to beyond is a 252-page autobiographic, full color book by Robert B. Sherman and Richard M. Sherman.	Walt's Time	Robert B. Sherman	Richard M. Sherman
author	The Stolen Lake is a children's novel by Joan Aiken, first published in 1981.	The Stolen Lake	Joan Aiken
author	Dying While Black by Vernellia Randall, J.D. is a book about the disparities between the health care administered to minorities, particularly, African Americans and that administered to European Americans.	Dying While Black	Vernellia Randall
author	BASIC Computer Games is a compilation of type-in computer games in the BASIC programming language collected by David H. Ahl.	BASIC Computer Games	David H. Ahl
author	Inconstant Moon is a science fiction short story collection by American author Larry Niven that was published in 1973.	Inconstant Moon	Larry Niven
author	Songs for the Philologists is a collection of poems by E. V. Gordon and J. R. R. Tolkien as well as traditional songs.	Songs for the Philologists	E. V. Gordon	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Pirkkalan pyhät pihlajat (Finnish: The Holy Rowan Trees of Pirkkala) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.	Pirkkalan pyhät pihlajat	Kaari Utrio
author	Epidicus is an ancient Roman play written by T. Maccius Plautus.	Epidicus	Plautus
author	Culture and Anarchy is a series of periodical essays by Matthew Arnold, first published in Cornhill Magazine 1867-68 and collected as a book in 1869.	Culture and Anarchy	Matthew Arnold
author	The Elements of Typographic Style is the authoritative book on typography and style by Canadian typographer, poet and translator Robert Bringhurst.	The Elements of Typographic Style	Robert Bringhurst
author	The Two Babylons, subtitled The Papal Worship Proved to Be the Worship of Nimrod and His Wife is a religious pamphlet published in 1853 by the Presbyterian Free Church of Scotland theologian Alexander Hislop (1807--65), expanded in 1858, and finally published as a book in 1919.	The Two Babylons	Alexander Hislop
author	Star Trek Movie Memories is the second of two volumes of autobiography dictated by William Shatner and transcribed by MTV editorial director Christopher Kreski.	Star Trek Movie Memories	William Shatner
author	Minding Frankie is a 2010 fiction novel by Maeve Binchy.	Minding Frankie	Maeve Binchy
author	Umrao Jaan Ada (Urdu: امراؤ جان ادا‎) is an Urdu novel by Mirza Hadi Ruswa (1857--1931), first published in 1899.	Umrao Jaan Ada	Mirza Hadi Ruswa
author	Troll-Elgen is a novel from 1921 by Norwegian writer Mikkjel Fønhus.	Troll-Elgen	Mikkjel Fønhus
author	Freddy and the Dragon (1958) is the 26th and last book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese.	Freddy and the Dragon	Walter R. Brooks
author	Tales of the Alhambra is a collection of essays, verbal sketches, and stories by Washington Irving.	Tales of the Alhambra	Washington Irving
author	Irish Thoroughbred is American author Nora Roberts's debut novel, originally published by Silhouette in January 1981 as a category romance.	Irish Thoroughbred	Nora Roberts
author	Rider at the Gate is a science fiction novel written by United States science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh, and was first published by Warner Books in August 1995.	Rider at the Gate	C. J. Cherryh
author	A Dance of Moths is the third novel by Singapore-born writer Goh Poh Seng, first published in 1995 by Select Books.	A Dance of Moths	Goh Poh Seng
author	Heat and Dust (1975) is a novel by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala which won the Booker Prize in 1975.	Heat and Dust	Ruth Prawer Jhabvala
author	Tafsir Nemooneh (Persian: The Ideal Commentary) is an exegesis on the Quran written by Naser Makarem Shirazi and other researchers working under his supervision in 27 volumes.	Tafsir Nemooneh	Naser Makarem Shirazi
author	Strangers from the Sky is a novel, originally released in 1987, by Margaret Wander Bonanno.	Strangers from the Sky	Margaret Wander Bonanno
author	Becoming Jane Austen was researched and written by the Jane Austen scholar Jon Hunter Spence.	Becoming Jane Austen	Jon Hunter Spence
author	The Autograph Man, published in 2002, is the second novel by Zadie Smith.	The Autograph Man	Zadie Smith
author	Sky Dragons is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey and her son Todd McCaffrey in the Dragonriders of Pern series that she initiated in 1967.	Sky Dragons	Anne McCaffrey	Todd McCaffrey
author	A Dedicated Man is the second novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the Inspector Banks series of novels.	A Dedicated Man	Peter Robinson
author	Grumbles from the Grave is a posthumous 1989 autobiography of science fiction author Robert A. Heinlein collated by his wife Virginia Heinlein from his notes and writings.	Grumbles from the Grave	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Youcat began in 2006 under the direction of Viennese Cardinal Christoph Schönborn by German-speaking theologians, religious educators and priests with the participation of over sixty young people, who helped to improve the readability of the text by raising questions and coming up with illustrative pictures.	Youcat	Christoph Schönborn
author	William Shakespeare's Sonnet 130 mocks the conventions of the showy and flowery courtly sonnets in its realistic portrayal of his mistress.	Sonnet 130	William Shakespeare
author	The Lions of Al-Rassan is a work of historical fantasy by Guy Gavriel Kay.	The Lions of Al-Rassan	Guy Gavriel Kay
author	``The Children of the Night'' is a 1931 short story by Robert E. Howard, belonging to the Cthulhu Mythos.	The Children of the Night	Robert E. Howard
author	Daddy Was a Number Runner is the first novel by Louise Meriwether.	Daddy Was a Number Runner	Louise Meriwether
author	Every Inch a King is a 2005 fantasy novel by Harry Turtledove, published by ISFiC Press.	Every Inch a King	Harry Turtledove
author	The Roman Elegies (originally published under the title Erotica Romana in Germany, later Römische Elegien) is a cycle of twenty-four poems by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.	Roman Elegies	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
author	Waking the Tiger is a self-help book by American therapist Peter A. Levine, which presents therapeutic advice for healing past traumas.	Waking the Tiger	Peter A. Levine
author	MIND MGMT is an ongoing American comic book series created by Matt Kindt and published through Dark Horse Comics with an expected run of 36 issues.	MIND MGMT	Matt Kindt
author	Call Me Francis Tucket is the second novel in The Tucket Adventures by Gary Paulsen.	Call Me Francis Tucket	Gary Paulsen
author	Stocks for the Long Run is a book on investing by Jeremy Siegel.	Stocks for the Long Run	Jeremy Siegel
author	Space Demons is a book by Australian author Gillian Rubinstein.	Space Demons	Gillian Rubinstein
author	The Critique of Judgment (German: Kritik der Urteilskraft, KdU), also translated as the Critique of the Power of Judgment, is a 1790 philosophical work by Immanuel Kant.	Critique of Judgment	Immanuel Kant
author	How to Stop Worrying and Start Living is a self-help book by Dale Carnegie.	How to Stop Worrying and Start Living	Dale Carnegie
author	Armorial de la Comédie Humaine is an armorial describing the coats of arms of the fictional characters in the literary works collectivelly called La Comédie humaine, written by Honoré de Balzac.	Armorial de la Comédie Humaine	Honoré de Balzac
author	The First Person and Other Stories is a short story collection by Scottish Booker-shortlisted author Ali Smith, first published in 2008.	The First Person and Other Stories	Ali Smith
author	A Report from Group 17, published in 1972, is a science-fiction thriller written by Robert Leslie Conly under his pen name Robert C. O'Brien.	A Report from Group 17	Robert C. O'Brien
author	The Ghost Brigades is the second book by John Scalzi set in the Old Man's War universe.	The Ghost Brigades	John Scalzi
author	Vandal Love is a novel by American-Canadian author D. Y. Béchard.	Vandal Love	D. Y. Béchard
author	The Major Transitions in Evolution is a book written by John Maynard Smith and Eörs Szathmáry (Oxford University Press, 1995).	The Major Transitions in Evolution	John Maynard Smith
author	Natural Obsessions is a book written by American science author Natalie Angier published in 1988.	Natural Obsessions	Natalie Angier
author	Knowledge of Angels is a medieval philosophical novel by Jill Paton Walsh which was shortlisted for the 1994 Booker Prize.	Knowledge of Angels	Jill Paton Walsh
author	Notes from the Internet Apocalypse is the first in a trilogy of books written by Cracked.com writer Wayne Gladstone entitled the The Internet Apocalypse Trilogy.	Notes from the Internet Apocalypse	Wayne Gladstone
author	The Old Man and the Sea is a short novel written by the American author Ernest Hemingway in 1951 in Bimini, Bahamas, and published in 1952.	The Old Man and the Sea	Ernest Hemingway
author	The Good Guy is a thriller novel by American author Dean Koontz, which was released on May 29, 2007.	The Good Guy	Dean Koontz
author	``The Ocean Full of Bowling Balls'' is an unpublished work by J. D. Salinger.	The Ocean Full of Bowling Balls	J. D. Salinger
author	Still Woman Enough is a 2002 autobiography of American country music legend Loretta Lynn, written by Lynn with the help of Patsi Bale Cox.	Still Woman Enough	Loretta Lynn
author	Traitor to the Living (1973) is a science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer.	Traitor to the Living	Philip José Farmer
author	The Sleeping Car is a farce play in three parts by William Dean Howells, first published in the United States in 1883.	The Sleeping Car	William Dean Howells
author	``Old California'' is a 28-page funny animal comic book story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks.	Old California	Carl Barks
author	A History of the Warfare of Science with Theology in Christendom was published in two volumes by Andrew Dickson White, the founder of Cornell University, in 1896.	A History of the Warfare of Science with Theology in Christendom	Andrew Dickson White
author	The Faces of Janus is a book by A. James Gregor which asserts that there are fundamental errors in Marxist analyses of fascism.	The Faces of Janus	A. James Gregor
author	The Hawk Eternal is the 1995 fantasy novel sequel to Ironhand's Daughter written by David Gemmell and features the second appearance of his Heroine - Sigarni - The Hawk Queen.	The Hawk Eternal	David Gemmell
author	The Indigo King, released on October 21, 2008, is the third book of The Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica, a series of books begun by Here, There Be Dragons, by James A. Owen.	The Indigo King	James A. Owen
author	An Area of Darkness is a book written by V. S. Naipaul in 1964.	An Area of Darkness	V. S. Naipaul
author	The Tiger That Isn't is a statistics book written by Michael Blastland and Andrew Dilnot, the creator and presenter of BBC Radio 4's More or Less.	The Tiger That Isn't	Andrew Dilnot
author	Remnant Population is a 1996 science fiction novel by American writer Elizabeth Moon.	Remnant Population	Elizabeth Moon
award received	Ulrich Folkers (6 March 1915 in Kiel -- killed in action 6 May 1943 in the North Atlantic) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Ulrich Folkers	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	26 April 1949 - Commander of the Order of the British Empire to Acting Group Captain John Mortimer Warfield OBE RAF for distinguished service in Malaya.	John Mortimer Warfield	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Jan Smejkal (born March 22, 1946) is a Czech chess player and, since 1972, an International Grandmaster.	Jan Smejkal	Grandmaster
award received	Mehmet Aipov (Tatar: Мәхмүт Аипов; 12 July 1920-22 April 1945) was a Tatar Red Army Soldier who fought during World War II. Aipov was posthumously awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union for actions during the Battle of Berlin.	Mehmet Aipov	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	Guy-Victor Duperré (20 February 1775, La Rochelle -- 2 November 1846, Paris) was a French admiral, Admiral of France (1830), Peer of France and thrice Naval Minister.	Guy-Victor Duperré	Admiral of France
award received	Appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia in January 1979, Lester Brain died in June the following year, at the age of seventy-seven.	Lester Brain	Officer of the Order of Australia
award received	Martin Doyle VC, MM (25 October 1891 -- 20 November 1940) was a British soldier during the First World War, and a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Martin Doyle	Victoria Cross
award received	Hans-Peter Knaust (7 August 1906 -- 22 October 1983) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Hans-Peter Knaust	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Lieutenant-Commander Gerard Broadmead Roope VC RN (13 March 1905 -- 8 April 1940) was a posthumous British recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Gerard Broadmead Roope	Victoria Cross
award received	Julius Wagner-Jauregg (7 March 1857 -- 27 September 1940) was an Austrian physician, who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1927.	Julius Wagner-Jauregg	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	Karl Böttcher (25 October 1889 -- 21 October 1973) was a German general who commanded several divisions during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Karl Böttcher	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In 2004, Unforgiven was added to the United States National Film Registry of the Library of Congress as being deemed ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	Unforgiven	National Film Registry
award received	Jean Stanislas Rémy, commonly known as Jean Rémy, (Paris, October 3, 1899 - Toulouse, August 15, 1955) was a French colonel, a member of the Free French, and a Companion of the Liberation.	Jean Rémy	Companion of the Liberation
award received	Karyl Geld Miller is an American Emmy Award-winning screenwriter and political cartoonist and commentator.	Karyl Geld Miller	Emmy Award
award received	József Pintér (born 9 November 1953 in Budapest) is a Hungarian chess Grandmaster and chess writer.	József Pintér	Grandmaster
award received	Private First Class Jose F. Valdez (January 3, 1925 - February 17, 1945) was a United States Army soldier who posthumously received the Medal of Honor -- the United States' highest military decoration -- for his actions near Rosenkranz, France, in the Battle of the Colmar Pocket during World War II.	Jose F. Valdez	Medal of Honor
award received	Maurice Wagg was a veteran of the American Civil War and a recipient of the Medal of Honor.	Maurice Wagg	Medal of Honor
award received	In East Germany, Ingeborg Rapoport was much honored and received the Patriotic Order of Merit, the National Prize of East Germany and other awards of the communist regime.	Ingeborg Rapoport	National Prize of East Germany
award received	Marc Lambron (born February 4, 1957 in Lyon) is a French writer and winner of the Prix Femina, 1993, for L'Oeil du silence.	Marc Lambron	Prix Femina
award received	In 2001, Win Tin was awarded the UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize for his efforts to defend and promote the right to freedom of expression.	Win Tin	UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize
award received	Kumudini Lakhia was awarded the civilian honour of the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1987 and the Padma Bhushan in 2010, and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award by Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's National Academy Music, Dance and Drama in 1982, and Kalidas Samman for the year 2002-03.	Kumudini Lakhia	Padma Shri	Padma Bhushan	Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
award received	James Loughran was made a Freeman of the City of London in 1991, and in the 2010 New Year Honours he was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE).	James Loughran	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Hans Peterburs (9 October 1912 -- 11 January 1944) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. Peterburs claimed 18 aerial victories during the war.	Hans Peterburs	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Max Olivier-Lacamp (March 2, 1914 Le Havre -- June 17, 1983 Meudon) is a French journalist and writer, winner of the Prix Renaudot in 1969, and Albert Londres Prize in 1958.	Max Olivier-Lacamp	Prix Renaudot	Albert Londres Prize
award received	Georg Christiansen (21 October 1914 -- 14 June 1997) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He is also a recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Georg Christiansen	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	In the course of the First World War, Marcel Alessandri received twelve Croix de guerre 1914--1918 citations and was named a Chevallier of the Légion d'honneur.	Marcel Alessandri	Croix de guerre 1914--1918
award received	Hans Guhr (24 October 1916 - 10 February 1969) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Hans Guhr	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Welborn Griffith was also awarded the Silver Star, the Purple Heart, the Legion of Merit, the French Croix de Guerre and the Légion d'Honneur	Welborn Griffith	Silver Star
award received	On 8 March 2012, Samar Badawi was awarded the 2012 International Women of Courage Award by the United States Department of State for her filing of the adhl and voting rights lawsuits, which were seen by the Department of State as pioneering, and for her encouragement of and inspiration to other women.	Samar Badawi	International Women of Courage Award
award received	Ivan Dubasov was awarded the Order of Lenin (1945), the Order of the Red Banner of Labour (1951), the Order of the Badge of Honour and a number of other medals and decorations.	Ivan Dubasov	Order of Lenin	Order of the Red Banner of Labour	Order of the Badge of Honour
award received	In 1990, Meshes of the Afternoon was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant'', going into the registry in the second year of voting.	Meshes of the Afternoon	National Film Registry
award received	Siegfried Macholz (20 September 1890 -- 25 May 1975) was a highly decorated Generalleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Siegfried Macholz	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Aleksander Sznapik (born 10 February 1951, Warsaw) is a Polish chess International Master.	Aleksander Sznapik	International Master
award received	Wolfgang Haken was a recipient of the 1979 Fulkerson Prize of the American Mathematical Society for his solution with Appel of the four-color problem.	Wolfgang Haken	Fulkerson Prize
award received	Cyril Gordon Martin VC CBE DSO (19 December 1891 -- 14 August 1980) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Cyril Gordon Martin	Victoria Cross
award received	Svetlana Adyrkhaeva (born May 12, 1938) (Russian: Светлана Дзантемировна Адырхаева) is an Ossetian and Soviet ballerina who was awarded People's Artist of the USSR in 1984.	Svetlana Adyrkhaeva	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	Jovanka Houska (born June 10th 1980) is an English chess player with the titles International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Jovanka Houska	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	L'Ecrivain (French pronunciation: ​(le.kʁi.vɛ̃), meaning ``The Writer'') is a restaurant on Lower Baggot Street in Dublin, Ireland, which was awarded one Michelin star from 2003 to the present.	L'Ecrivain	Michelin star
award received	Frans Kaisiepo (10 October 1921 -- 10 April 1979) was a National Hero of Indonesia (Gelar Pahlawan Nasional Indonesia).	Frans Kaisiepo	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Kamil Mitoń (born 12 April 1984, in Kraków) is a Polish chess Grandmaster (2002).	Kamil Mitoń	Grandmaster
award received	George Band was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.	George Band	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Otto Schuhart (1 April 1909 -- 10 March 1990) commanded the U-boat U-29 in Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. He received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes), a decoration awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or outstanding military leadership.	Otto Schuhart	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Michael Wiedenkeller (born 10 January 1963) is a Swedish-Luxembourgian chess International Master.	Michael Wiedenkeller	International Master
award received	In 1999, Gamble and Huff were honored with the Grammy Trustees Award, joining musical luminaries like Frank Sinatra, The Beatles, and Walt Disney.	Gamble and Huff	Grammy Trustees Award
award received	Hermann Bögel (9 September 1914 -- 4 January 1998) was an Oberleutnant zur See of the Reserves in the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Hermann Bögel	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	A Biography, John McAleer's Edgar Award-winning 1977 biography of the author (reissued in 2002 as Rex Stout: A Majesty's Life).	Rex Stout	Edgar Award
award received	Renato Naranja (born September 24, 1940) is an International Master of chess from the Philippines.	Renato Naranja	International Master
award received	Frans Wildenhain received numerous prizes for his artwork, from (among others) the International Exposition in Paris (1939), the Albright Art Gallery (1952), the Brussels World's Fair (1958), and a Guggenheim Fellowship (1958).	Frans Wildenhain	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	In 1974, Run Run Shaw was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE).	Run Run Shaw	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Georg Rietscher (3 December 1918 -- 21 September 1991) was a highly decorated Leutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Georg Rietscher	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Johannes-Rudolf Mühlenkamp (9 October 1910 -- 23 September 1986) was a Standartenführer (colonel) in the Waffen-SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves on 21 September 1944.	Johannes-Rudolf Mühlenkamp	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Iva Videnova (Bulgarian: Ива Виденова; born 17 October 1987 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian chess player holding the FIDE titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Iva Videnova	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	In 2003 upon the decree determined by the president of the Republic of Armenia Robert Kocharyan the president of Armenian National Olympic Committee Gagik Tsarukyan, who had his great input in the development of RA sports, was honored with Movses Khorenatsi medal.	Gagik Tsarukyan	Khorenatsi medal
award received	John Lynn VC DCM (AKA Jackie Lynn) (1887 -- 3 May 1915) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	John Lynn	Victoria Cross
award received	Victor Oreshnikov was twice awarded the Stalin Prize (1948, 1950), Order of Lenin, Order of the Red Banner of Labour, Order of the Badge of Honour, and numerous medals.	Victor Oreshnikov	Order of Lenin	Order of the Red Banner of Labour	Order of the Badge of Honour
award received	General Sir Frederick Francis Maude VC GCB (20 December 1821 -- 20 June 1897) was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Frederick Francis Maude	Victoria Cross
award received	Nikolai Ivanovich Smirnov (Russian Никола́й Ива́нович Смирно́в) (22 September 1917 -- 8 July 1992) was a Soviet Navy Admiral and a Hero of the Soviet Union (1984).	Nikolai Ivanovich Smirnov	Hero of the Soviet Union
cast member	Ek Aadmi is 1988 Hindi language movie directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas and starring Shabana Azmi, Parikshat Sahni, Tun Tun.	Ek Aadmi	Shabana Azmi
cast member	Conan the Destroyer is a 1984 American sword and sorcery/adventure film directed by Richard Fleischer, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Mako Iwamatsu reprising their roles as Conan and Akiro the wizard, respectively.	Conan the Destroyer	Arnold Schwarzenegger	Mako Iwamatsu
cast member	Alfonso Herrera as Frank Moore Ruddy Rodríguez as Venezzia Rafael Romero as Commander Enrique Salvatierra William Goite as Eduardo Valentina Rendón as Graciela Guillermo Garcia as Mayor Manny Diaz Maleja Restrepo as Isabel Nuñez de Diaz Santiago Cepeda as Carlomagno Rita Bendeck as Tomasa Alejandra Azcarate as Estefania Felix Antequera as Nicolas	Venezzia	Rafael Romero
cast member	Totally Blonde is a 2001 comedy film written and directed by Andrew Van Slee, and starring Krista Allen, Maeve Quinlan and Michael Bublé.	Totally Blonde	Krista Allen
cast member	In the Footprints of Mozart is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Ed Coxen, George Field, Winifred Greenwood, and Ida Lewis.	In the Footprints of Mozart	George Field	Winifred Greenwood
cast member	Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain (English: Miles To Go ) is a 1974 Bollywood crime thriller film directed by Mahesh Bhatt, and starring Kabir Bedi, Prema Narayan and Gulshan Arora in lead roles.	Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain	Kabir Bedi
cast member	Seth et Holth is a Japanese film released on September 29, 1993, best noted for starring musicians hide and Tusk.	Seth et Holth	hide
cast member	Art Trouble (1934) is a comedy short starring Harry Gribbon and Shemp Howard.	Art Trouble	Harry Gribbon	Shemp Howard
cast member	Bobby Dazzler is an Australian television sitcom produced by Crawford Productions, starring pop singer John Farnham as the title character: up and coming pop music star Bobby Farrell.	Bobby Dazzler	John Farnham
cast member	The Cameraman is a 1928 American silent comedy directed by Edward Sedgwick and an uncredited Buster Keaton.	The Cameraman	Buster Keaton
child	He is a son of Inge Einarsen Bartnes and father of Inge Bartnes and Lars Erik Bartnes.	Erik Bartnes	Inge Bartnes
child	Tadeusz Brzeziński (February 21, 1896 -- January 7, 1990) was a Polish consular official and the father of President Jimmy Carter's national security adviser, Zbigniew Brzezinski.	Tadeusz Brzeziński	Zbigniew Brzezinski
child	In his efforts to translate as much Greek material as possible, Hunayn ibn Ishaq was accompanied by his son Ishaq ibn Hunayn and his nephew Hubaysh.	Hunayn ibn Ishaq	Ishaq ibn Hunayn
child	Patrick John Murdoch (10 June 1850 -- 1 June 1940) was a Scottish-Australian Presbyterian minister, known for being the father of Keith Murdoch and the grandfather of Rupert Murdoch.	Patrick John Murdoch	Keith Murdoch
child	Rebecca Barnes Wentworth (maiden name Blake formerly Burke) is the mother of Cliff Barnes, Pamela Barnes Ewing and Katherine Wentworth.	Rebecca Barnes Wentworth	Cliff Barnes
child	Hongxi (弘晳; 25 August 1694 - 26 October 1742), born to Lady Lingiya, inherited Yunreng's title ``Prince Li of the First Rank'' (理親王).	Yunreng	Hongxi
child	In 2009 Renaud's daughter, writer Lolita Séchan, married French acoustic singer-songwriter Renan Luce.	Renaud	Lolita Séchan
child	In the Prose Edda, Sif is named as the mother of the goddess Þrúðr by Thor and of Ullr with a father whose name is not recorded.	Sif	Þrúðr
child	Janakinath Bose (May 28, 1860--1934) was a Bengali-speaking Indian lawyer and advocate, who was the father of Indian independence leader Subhas Chandra Bose.	Janakinath Bose	Subhas Chandra Bose
child	Stephen Devereux was descended from William Devereux, a Domesday Landholder in Gloucester and Hereford under Tenant-in-chief Roger de Lacy.	Stephen Devereux	William Devereux
conflict	Zahran Alloush (Arabic: زهران علوش‎ Zahrān `Alūš; 1971 -- 25 December 2015) was a Syrian Islamist leader active during the Syrian Civil War.	Zahran Alloush	Syrian Civil War
conflict	Hans Herzog (28 October 1819 -- 2 February 1894) was a Swiss army officer, and was elected Switzerland's General during the Franco-Prussian War.	Hans Herzog	Franco-Prussian War
conflict	Florent de Varennes (died in Tunis in August 1270) is the first French dignitary to wear the title of Admiral of France in 1269, and as such, became the head of the fleet during the Eighth Crusade and the last led by King Saint Louis IX.	Florent de Varennes	Eighth Crusade
conflict	Edward Whalley (c. 1607 -- c. 1675) was an English military leader during the English Civil War, and was one of the regicides who signed the death warrant of King Charles I of England.	Edward Whalley	English Civil War
conflict	Fitz Henry Warren (January 11, 1816 -- June 1878) was a politician and a general during the American Civil War.	Fitz Henry Warren	American Civil War
conflict	USS Sea Bird (1863) was a captured Confederate schooner acquired by the Union Navy from the prize court during the American Civil War.	USS Sea Bird (1863)	American Civil War
conflict	Milton F. Pavlic (1909--1942) was a United States Navy officer killed in action during World War II for whom a U.S. Navy high-speed transport was named.	Milton F. Pavlic	World War II
conflict	Friedrich Adrario (29 November 1918 -- 15 June 2011) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II and Generalmajor in the Bundesheer.	Friedrich Adrario	World War II
conflict	Leutnant Johannes Klein (d. 1926) was a German World War I flying ace credited with 16 confirmed and two unconfirmed aerial victories.	Johannes Klein	World War I
conflict	Reuben Lindsay Walker (May 29, 1827 -- June 7, 1890) was a Confederate general who served in the artillery during the American Civil War.	Reuben Lindsay Walker	American Civil War
constellation	40 Aquarii (abbreviated 40 Aqr) is a yellow subgiant in the constellation of Aquarius.	40 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Messier 92 (also known as M92 or NGC 6341) is a globular cluster of stars in the northern constellation of Hercules.	Messier 92	Hercules
constellation	Iota Crucis (ι Cru / ι Crucis) is a star in the constellation Crux.	Iota Crucis	Crux
constellation	W Ursae Majoris (W UMa) is the variable star designation for a binary star system in the northern constellation of Ursa Major.	W Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 28254 b (also known as HIP 20606 b) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type main sequence star HD 28254, located approximately 178 light years away in the constellation Dorado.	HD 28254 b	Dorado
constellation	Kepler-138, also known as KOI-314, is a red dwarf located in the constellation Lyra, 200 light years from Earth.	Kepler-138	Lyra
constellation	31 Arietis (abbreviated 31 Ari) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries.	31 Arietis	Aries
constellation	SN 2005bc was a Type Ia supernova occurring in the Barred spiral galaxy NGC 5698 in the constellation of Boötes.	SN 2005bc	Boötes
constellation	HD 90156 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type main sequence star HD 90156, located approximately 73 light years away in the constellation Hydra.	HD 90156 b	Hydra
constellation	HD 24040 is a G-type star located approximately 152 light-years away in the constellation of Taurus.	HD 24040	Taurus
continent	Meiklejohn Glacier (70°33′S 67°44′W) is a glacier, 12 nautical miles (22 km) long and 4 nautical miles (7 km) wide, flowing southwest from the Dyer Plateau of Palmer Land, Antarctica, to George VI Sound, immediately south of Moore Point.	Meiklejohn Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Chaplin Peak (78°42′03``S 85°27′31''W) is the peak rising to 1978 m on the west side of Bender Glacier, 5 mi southwest of Mount Craddock and 1.3 miles north of Gilbert Spur in the Sentinel Range of Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Chaplin Peak	Antarctica
continent	Kujira Point (69°36′S 38°16′E) is a small point forming the northern extremity of Padda Island in Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Kujira Point	Antarctica
continent	Melleby Peak (73°16′S 1°15′W) is a peak marking the eastern end of the Neumayer Cliffs in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Melleby Peak	Antarctica
continent	Lookout Nunatak is a nunatak lying 6.5 nautical miles (12 km) southeast of Monte Cassino in the Freyberg Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lookout Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Moubray Piedmont Glacier (71°55′S 170°20′E) is a piedmont glacier filling the northern part of Moubray Bay, Antarctica, formed by the confluence of Moubray Glacier and of ice streams falling from the west side of the south end of Adare Peninsula.	Moubray Piedmont Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Hutton Mountains are a group of mountains in southeastern Palmer Land, Antarctica, bounded on the southwest by Johnston Glacier, on the northwest by Squires Glacier, on the north by Swann Glacier, and on the east by Keller Inlet.	Hutton Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Hamnenabben Head (69°17′S 39°41′E) is a bare rock headland which forms the south shore of Hamna Bay along the east side of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Hamnenabben Head	Antarctica
continent	Keller Inlet (74°15′S 61°5′W) is an ice-filled inlet 12 nautical miles (22 km) long, in a northeast--southwest direction, and 6 nautical miles (11 km) wide, between Cape Little and Cape Fiske, along the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Keller Inlet	Antarctica
continent	The Erebus hotspot is a volcanic hotspot responsible for the high volcanic activity on Ross Island in the western Ross Sea of Antarctica.	Erebus hotspot	Antarctica
country	Kuryłówka (kurɨˈwufka) (Ukrainian: Курилівка, Kurylivka) is a village in Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kuryłówka	Poland
country	Squeah is a locality in the lower Fraser Canyon of British Columbia, Canada, located between the unincorporated town of Yale (N) and the district municipality of Hope on the Fraser River.	Squeah	Canada
country	Pinozero (Russian: Пинозеро) is a rural locality (a railway station) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 105 meters (344 ft) above sea level.	Pinozero	Russia
country	Fengxiang County (simplified Chinese: 凤翔县; traditional Chinese: 鳳翔縣; pinyin: Fèngxiáng Xiàn) is a county administered by Baoji City in the west of Shaanxi province, People's Republic of China.	Fengxiang County	People's Republic of China
country	Fugang Station (Chinese: 富岡車站; pinyin: Fùgāng Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Yangmei District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Fugang Station	Taiwan
country	Van Province (Turkish: Van ili) is a province in eastern Turkey, between Lake Van and the Iranian border.	Van Province	Turkey
country	Luena Airport (Portuguese: Aeroporto de Luena) (IATA: LUO, ICAO: FNUE) is an airport serving Luena, a town in and the capital of the Moxico Province in Angola.	Luena Airport	Angola
country	Hamedanak (Persian: همدانك‎, also Romanized as Hamedānak and Hamadānak; also known as Hamdāng) is a village in Hamedanak Rural District, in the Central District of Baharestan County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hamedanak	Iran
country	Kamaranka is a small town and seat of the chiefdom of Gbanti Kamaranka in Bombali District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone.	Kamaranka	Sierra Leone
country	The Geodetic Hills (79°48′37``N 89°59′01''W) are a mountain range on central Axel Heiberg Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Geodetic Hills	Canada
country	Flat Top Island Light is an inactive lighthouse located on Flat Top Island, a small island off the entrance to Mackay harbor at the mouth of Pioneer River, about 6.5 kilometres (4.0 mi) east of Mackay, Queensland, Australia.	Flat Top Island Light	Australia
country	Saracena (Greek: Sarakine) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Saracena	Italy
country	Šehovina (Serbian Cyrillic: Шеховина) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šehovina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Duvineau is a coastal village in the Dame-Marie municipality of the Anse d'Hainault Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.	Duvineau	Haiti
country	Malinska (German: Durischal) is a settlement (naselje) in the northwestern part of the island Krk in Croatia and an important tourist town.	Malinska	Croatia
country	Esvres also called Esvres-sur-Indre is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.	Esvres	France
country	Nueva Paz (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈnweβa pas)) is a municipality and town in the Mayabeque Province of Cuba.	Nueva Paz	Cuba
country	The Gare de Domont (Domont station) is a railway station located in Domont in the Val d'Oise department, France.	Gare de Domont	France
country	Mingosy (miŋˈɡɔsɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mingosy	Poland
country	A fort was built at Macreddin while Henry Cary, 1st Viscount Falkland was Lord Deputy of Ireland in 1625-28, and named ``Cary's fort'' in his honour.	Macreddin	Ireland
country	Legal Aid Ontario (LAO) is a publicly funded and publicly accountable non-profit corporation, responsible for administering the legal aid program in the province of Ontario, Canada.	Legal Aid Ontario	Canada
country	Whonnock, British Columbia is a rural, naturally treed, and hilly community on the north side of the Fraser River in the eastern part of the City of Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Canada.	Whonnock	Canada
country	Leka Church (Norwegian: Leka kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Leka in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Leka Church	Norway
country	Rabinowo (rabiˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rabinowo	Poland
country	Sobroso Castle (Spanish: Castillo de Sobroso, Galician: Castelo de Sobroso) is a medieval castle in the village of Vilasobroso in Galicia, Spain.	Sobroso Castle	Spain
country	Ignao is a village (Spanish: aldea) located in the commune of Lago Ranco in Los Ríos Region, southern Chile.	Ignao	Chile
country	Dranda Cathedral (Abkhaz: Нанҳәа иазку Дранда-ныха, Georgian: დრანდის ტაძარი) is a Georgian Orthodox Cathedral located in Dranda, in the Gulripshi district of the de facto independent Republic of Abkhazia, internationally recognised to constitute a part of Georgia.	Dranda Cathedral	Abkhazia
country	The Aras Dam (Azerbaijani: Araz su anbarı) (Persian: سَدِّ اَرَس‎) is an embankment dam on the Aras River along the border of Iran and Azerbaijan.	Aras Dam	Iran
country	Expo 2000 was a World's Fair held in Hanover, Germany from Thursday, June 1 to Tuesday, October 31, 2000.	Expo 2000	Germany
country	Újezd u Sezemic (Czech pronunciation: (ˈuːjɛst u ˈsɛzɛmɪts)) is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Újezd u Sezemic	Czech Republic
country	MKS Kluczbork is a football club based in Kluczbork, Opole Voivodeship, Poland.	MKS Kluczbork	Poland
country	Dul Tak (Persian: دول تاك‎, also Romanized as Dūl Tāḵ) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dul Tak	Iran
country	Ibestad Church (Norwegian: Ibestad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county, Norway.	Ibestad Church	Norway
country	The Arfon Group is a stratigraphically defined geological group of rocks that are present in the Cymru Terrane around Bangor in North Wales, United Kingdom.	Arfon Group	United Kingdom
country	Graham Island is the largest island in the Haida Gwaii archipelago (formerly Queen Charlotte Islands), lying off the coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Graham Island	Canada
country	L'Estartit is a small town and seaside resort on the Costa Brava, on the north-eastern coast of Spain.	L'Estartit	Spain
country	Mala Lahinja (pronounced (ˈmaːla ˈlaːxinja); German: Lachina) is a settlement at the source of the Lahinja River south of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Mala Lahinja	Slovenia
country	The Legarda Ancestral House, or Legarda Mansion is the home of Dr. Alejandro Legarda and Doña Ramona Hernandez, a historic house located in San Miguel, Manila, Philippines.	Legarda Ancestral House	Philippines
country	Təkyemişan (also, Təkyemşan) is a village in the municipality of Düz Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Təkyemişan	Azerbaijan
country	The Landwirtschafts- und Haushaltungsschule Schwand-Münsingen (English: Schwand-Münsingen Agricultural and Housekeeping School) was an agricultural school on the Schwand hill in Münsingen, Switzerland.	Landwirtschafts- und Haushaltungsschule Schwand-Münsingen	Switzerland
country	Centre for Underground Physics in Pyhäsalmi or CUPP is an underground physics laboratory located in Pyhäjärvi, Finland.	Centre for Underground Physics in Pyhäsalmi	Finland
country	Texel International Airport (ICAO: EHTX) is a small airport located 3.5 NM (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) north northeast of Den Burg on the island of Texel in the north of the Netherlands.	Texel International Airport	Netherlands
country	Maayon (sometimes spelled Ma-ayon) is a third class municipality in the province of Capiz, Philippines.	Maayon	Philippines
country	A Premium Bond is a lottery bond issued by the United Kingdom government's National Savings and Investments agency.	Premium Bond	United Kingdom
country	Kurija (Macedonian: Курија) is a village in the Negotino municipality, Republic of Macedonia.	Kurija	Macedonia
country	The 2015 Copa Constitució was the 23rd season of Andorra's national football knockout tournament.	2015 Copa Constitució	Andorra
country	The Wars of Castro were a series of conflicts during the mid-17th century revolving around the ancient city of Castro (located in present-day Lazio, Italy), which eventually resulted in the city's destruction on 2 September 1649.	Wars of Castro	Italy
country	Abano Pass (Georgian: აბანოს უღელტეხილი) is a mountain pass located in Georgia.	Abano Pass	Georgia
country	Vangsnes Church (Norwegian: Vangsnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Vangsnes Church	Norway
country	The Medikiret River, also known as simply Medikiret or the Mediket, is a wadi, or narrow ravine that becomes a watercourse during the wet season, in South Sudan.	Medikiret River	South Sudan
country	The Peenestrom is a gat, strait or river in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Peenestrom	Germany
country	Tawau (Malaysian pronunciation: (ˈta wau), Jawi: تاواو‎, Chinese: 斗湖; pinyin: Dǒu Hú) formerly known as Tawao, is the third-largest town in Sabah, after Kota Kinabalu City and Sandakan, and lies on the south-eastern coast of Borneo in Malaysia.	Tawau	Malaysia
country	Nootjärv is a lake in the northeast of Estonia, close to its border with Denmark and the coast of the Gulf of Finland.	Nootjärv	Estonia
country	After the Napoleonic Wars ended in 1815, Pforta belonged to Prussia, and then to Imperial Germany.	Pforta	Germany
country	Dametir-e Jonubi (Persian: دم تير جنوبي‎, also Romanized as Dametīr-e Jonūbī) is a village in Mehregan Rural District, in the Central District of Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dametir-e Jonubi	Iran
country	Takhteh Duz (Persian: تخته دوز‎, also Romanized as Takhteh Dūz; also known as Takhteh Dozī and Takhteh Dūzī) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Takhteh Duz	Iran
country	Merca (Somali: Marka, Arabic: مركة‎) is an ancient port city in the southern Lower Shebelle province of Somalia.	Merca	Somalia
country	Kottekkad Temple is a Hindu temple situated about 8 km from Thrissur, Kerala, India.	Kottekkad Temple	India
country	Pain Golema (Persian: پائين گلما‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Golmā; also known as Golmā Pā’īn and Golmā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Golema	Iran
country	Lai da Curnera is a reservoir on the river Rein da Curnera in the municipality of Tujetsch, in the Grisons, Switzerland.	Lai da Curnera	Switzerland
country	Älvdalen (literally means River Valley) is a locality and the seat of Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County, Sweden, with 1,810 inhabitants in 2010.	Älvdalen	Sweden
country	The Haiama River is a west bank tributary of the Demerara River in northern Guyana.	Haiama River	Guyana
country	Bishan Depot (Chinese: 碧山车厂) is a depot located on the Mass Rapid Transit in Bishan, Singapore.	Bishan Depot	Singapore
country	The County of Loon (Dutch: Graafschap Loon, French: Comté de Looz) was a province of the ancien regime Holy Roman Empire, lying west of the Meuse river in present-day Flemish-speaking Belgium, and east of the old Duchy of Brabant.	County of Loon	Belgium
country	Västermalmsgallerian is a shopping centre in Kungsholmen, Stockholm, Sweden, inaugurated on 23 August 2002.	Västermalmsgallerian	Sweden
country	Belweder once belonged to Poland's last king, Stanisław August Poniatowski, who used it as a porcelain-manufacturing plant.	Belweder	Poland
country	Lake Moeris (Ancient Greek: Μοῖρις, genitive Μοίριδος) is an ancient lake in the northwest of the Faiyum Oasis, 80 km (50 mi) southwest of Cairo, Egypt.	Lake Moeris	Egypt
country	Gat Rais Golestan (Persian: گت رئيس گلستان‎, also Romanized as Gat Ra’īs Golestān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gat Rais Golestan	Iran
country	Aliabad-e Shurshuri (Persian: علي ابادشورشوري‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Shūrshūrī) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District, Marvast District, Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Aliabad-e Shurshuri	Iran
country	Theoprosopon is the Greek name of Lithoprosopon, a cape in north Lebanon, also known today by the name of Râs ach-Chaq’a''.	Theoprosopon	Lebanon
country	University of Bengkulu (Indonesian: Universitas Bengkulu) is a public university in Bengkulu, Bengkulu, Indonesia.	University of Bengkulu	Indonesia
country	Valukkai Aru is a seasonal river in Northern Province, Sri Lanka.	Valukkai Aru	Sri Lanka
country	Kazangasso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.	Kazangasso	Mali
country	Mould Bay Airport (IATA: YMD, ICAO: CYMD) was located on the Prince Patrick Island, Northwest Territories, Canada.	Mould Bay Airport	Canada
country	In 1971 United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) recommended that they be assigned unambiguous names making each individually identifiable, and this has been done by naming the southern one Pollux Rock and the northern one Castor Rock.	Pollux Rock	United Kingdom
country	Gremzdel (ˈɡrɛmzdɛl), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gremzdel	Poland
country	The Baraque de Fraiture is the highest point in the Province of Luxembourg, Belgium.	Baraque de Fraiture	Belgium
country	Wat Saket Ratcha Wora Maha Wihan (Thai: วัดสระเกศราชวรมหาวิหาร, usually shortened to Wat Saket (rtgs: Wat Sa Ket)) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in Pom Prap Sattru Phai district, Bangkok, Thailand.	Wat Saket	Thailand
country	Assumption College Thonburi (Thai: โรงเรียนอัสสัมชัญธนบุรี) is a private Catholic school located in Bangkok, Thailand.	Assumption College Thonburi	Thailand
country	Cerro Bravo is a stratovolcano located in Tolima Department, Colombia, north of the Nevado del Ruiz volcano.	Cerro Bravo	Colombia
country	The Royal Artillery Factory of La Cavada (Spanish: Real Fábrica de Artillería de La Cavada) was an artillery foundry at La Cavada (modern day Riotuerto) in Northern Spain.	Royal Artillery Factory of La Cavada	Spain
country	The City of Mandaluyong Science High School (Filipino: Mataas na Paaralang Pang-Agham ng Lungsod ng Mandaluyong) is a Public Secondary Science High School system located at E. Pantaleon St., Hulo, Mandaluyong City, Philippines.	City of Mandaluyong Science High School	Philippines
country	Cape Bojeador (Filipino: Cabo Bojeador) is the northwestern tip of the island of Luzon in the Philippines.	Cape Bojeador	Philippines
country	Mirpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Mirpur District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Mirpur Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Kalamb (Marathi: कळंब) - (about 78.55 E, 20.28 N) is a village in Yavatmal district of Maharashtra state in India.	Kalamb	India
country	Sekotong or Sekotong Peninsula (Indonesian: Semenanjung Sekotong) is a peninsula in the southwest of Lombok Island, Indonesia.	Sekotong	Indonesia
country	Baisipalli Wildlife Sanctuary was created on 6 May 1981 and is located in Nayagrh, Odisha, India, adjacent to the Satkosia Gorge Wildlife Sanctuary.	Baisipalli Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Ashtjeran (Persian: اشتجران‎, also Romanized as Ashtjerān; also known as Dashtjerān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ashtjeran	Iran
country	Przygłów (ˈpʂɨɡwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Przygłów	Poland
country	Byczki (ˈbɨt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godzianów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Byczki	Poland
country	Trolleybuses in Valparaíso, Chile, have provided a portion of the public transit service since 1952.	Trolleybuses in Valparaíso	Chile
country	Hoseynabad-e Saravi (Persian: حسين ابادسارويي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sārav’ī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Saravi	Iran
country	Shelkovskaya(Russian: Шелковская; Chechen: Мохне, lit. place where is wind) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Shelkovskoy District of the Chechen Republic, Russia.	Shelkovskaya	Russia
country	Kråkö is a small island in Porvoo (Borgå in Swedish) in Finland.	Kråkö	Finland
country	Papatowai is a small settlement in the Catlins ward of the Clutha District of the southeastern South Island of New Zealand.	Papatowai	New Zealand
country	The Buck Shot Show was a long-running local children's television series that aired on CFCN Television in Calgary, Alberta, Canada from 1967 to 1997.	The Buck Shot Show	Canada
country	Namugongo is the name of a township in the Central Region of Uganda.	Namugongo	Uganda
country	Rouez, also called Rouez-en-Champagne, is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.	Rouez	France
country	Punggol Park (Chinese: 榜鹅公园) is a park located in Hougang, in the north-eastern part of Singapore.	Punggol Park	Singapore
country	Bustard Head Light is an active lighthouse located on the southeast tip of Bustard Head, a headland, about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of 1770, Queensland, Australia, within the Eurimbula National Park.	Bustard Head Light	Australia
country	Gorely (Russian: Горелый) is a volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Gorely	Russia
country	Bella Unión is a city in the north part of Artigas Department of Uruguay.	Bella Unión	Uruguay
country	Mazraeh-ye Farjineh (Persian: مزرعه فرجينه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Farjīneh) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, Hasanabad District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Farjineh	Iran
country	Cerro Araral is a mountain located in the Andes on the border between Chile and Bolivia in the Potosí Department and in the Antofagasta Region.	Cerro Araral	Bolivia
country	Jablaniški Potok (pronounced (ˈjaːblaniʃki ˈpɔːtɔk)) is a small settlement at the source and upper course of Jablanica Creek (Slovene: Jablaniški potok) in the hills east of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Jablaniški Potok	Slovenia
country	Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft, better known as DEFA, was the state-owned film studio in the German Democratic Republic (in East Germany) throughout that country's history.	Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft	East Germany
country	Vinbergs kyrkby is a locality situated in Falkenberg Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 208 inhabitants in 2010.	Vinbergs kyrkby	Sweden
country	Saminu (Persian: سمينو‎, also Romanized as Samīnū; also known as Samenū) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Saminu	Iran
country	Otdelny (also known as Otdelniy) (Russian: Отде́льный) is a shield volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia, east of the Savan River.	Otdelny	Russia
country	Grevena (Greek: Γρεβενά, Grevená, (ɣreveˈna), Aromanian: Grebini) is a town and municipality in Western Macedonia, Northern Greece, capital of the Grevena regional unit.	Grevena	Greece
country	Otuzikilər (also, Otuzikilyar) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Otuzikilər	Azerbaijan
country	Udai Pratap Autonomous College is an autonomous college of UGC situated in the northwestern part of Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Udai Pratap Autonomous College	India
country	Quinchao Island is an island in Chiloé Province, Chile, off the east coast of Chiloé Island.	Quinchao Island	Chile
country	National & State Libraries Australasia (NSLA) is a consortium that represents the national, state and territory libraries of Australia and New Zealand.	National & State Libraries Australasia	Australia	New Zealand
country	Golviran (Persian: گل ويران‎, also Romanized as Golvīrān; also known as Golūrān) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Golviran	Iran
country	Nantyr Shores Secondary School is a public secondary school (grades 9-12) located in the community of Alcona in the Town of Innisfil, Ontario, Canada.	Nantyr Shores Secondary School	Canada
country	Kapsi (Hindi: कापसी) is a village under the Pakhanjore tehsil (Koylibeda Development Block) in the Kanker district, Chhattisgarh state, India.	Kapsi	India
country	St. Andrew Strait is a volcano in Papua New Guinea that has had eruptions in historical times.	St. Andrew Strait	Papua New Guinea
country	Pangkalan Stungkor (also known as Pang Stungkor) is a settlement in the Lundu division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Pangkalan Stungkor	Malaysia
country	Alfano is a village and small comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.	Alfano	Italy
country	Kapuśniki (kapuɕˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kapuśniki	Poland
country	Symmons Plains Raceway is a motor racing circuit in Australia, located about 30 kilometres (18.64 mi) south of Launceston, Tasmania.	Symmons Plains Raceway	Australia
country	Elugelab (or Elugelap; Marshallese: Āllokļap, (æ̯ælʲlʲe͡oɡʷ(ɔ͡ʌ)ɫɑ͡æpʲ)) was an island, part of the Enewetak atoll in the Marshall Islands.	Elugelab	Marshall Islands
country	Roundhill Ski Area is a family owned and run ski area in Canterbury, New Zealand, near the town of Lake Tekapo, 1.5 hours from Timaru and 3 hours from both Christchurch & Queenstown.	Roundhill Ski Area	New Zealand
country	Dhaka Cantonment (Bengali: ঢাকা সেনানিবাস) is a cantonment located in the northern part of Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Dhaka Cantonment	Bangladesh
country	The Novoazovsk Raion (Ukrainian: Новоазовський район, Novoazovs’kyi raion; Russian: Новоазовский район, Novoazovskiy raion) is one of the 18 administrative raions (a district) of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine.	Novoazovsk Raion	Ukraine
country	Nedoharky (Ukrainian: Недогарки) is a village in the Poltava Oblast (province) of central Ukraine.	Nedoharky	Ukraine
country	Altenburg (listen) is a city in Thuringia, Germany, located 40 kilometres (25 miles) south of Leipzig, 90 kilometres (56 miles) west of Dresden and 100 kilometres (62 miles) east of Erfurt.	Altenburg	Germany
country	Calzada del Coto (Spanish pronunciation: (kalˈθaða ðel ˈkoto)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Calzada del Coto	Spain
country	Prosfygika Stadium (Greek: Γήπεδο Προσφυγικών, Gipedo Prosfygikon) is a football (soccer) stadium in Patras, Greece.	Prosfygika Stadium	Greece
country	Pic d'Ivohibe Reserve is a wildlife reserve of Madagascar.	Pic d'Ivohibe Reserve	Madagascar
country	The Tocumwal Guardian and Riverina Stock Journal was a newspaper published in Tocumwal, New South Wales, Australia.	Tocumwal Guardian and Riverina Stock Journal	Australia
country	El Fasher Airport (IATA: ELF, ICAO: HSFS), also known as Al Fashir Airport, is an airport serving El Fasher (Al Fashir), the capital city of the North Darfur state in Sudan.	El Fasher Airport	Sudan
country	The Lindau Lighthouse (German: Neuer Lindauer Leuchtturm) is the southernmost lighthouse in Germany, located in Lindau on Lake Constance.	Lindau Lighthouse	Germany
country	Detroit Terminal Railroad Company was incorporated in the State of Michigan, United States of America, on December 7, 1905 to own railroad track forming a semi-circle around the City of Detroit.	Detroit Terminal Railroad	United States of America
country	Lake Balinsasayao is one of three crater lakes rising 1,000 feet (300 m) above sea level located within the Balinsasayao Twin Lakes Natural Park, an 8,016.05 hectares (19,808.1 acres) protected area covering the municipalities of Valencia, Sibulan, and San Jose in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines.	Lake Balinsasayao	Philippines
country	The Asse II mine (Schacht Asse II) is a former salt mine used as a deep geological repository for radioactive waste in the Asse Mountains of Wolfenbüttel, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Asse II mine	Germany
country	Zeppelin University (German: Zeppelin Universität, ZU) is a small, familiar and highly selective private research university located at Lake Constance in Friedrichshafen, Germany.	Zeppelin University	Germany
country	Pajim (Persian: پجيم‎, also Romanized as Pajīm; also known as Pacham) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pajim	Iran
country	The Islamia University of Bahawalpur (IUB), colloquially known as Islamia University, is located in Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan.	Islamia University	Pakistan
country	Jaghdar-e Bala (Persian: جغدربالا‎, also Romanized as Jaghdar-e Bālā; also known as Chīl and Jaghdar-e Kūchek) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jaghdar-e Bala	Iran
country	Pisa International Airport (Italian: Aeroporto Internazionale di Pisa) (IATA: PSA, ICAO: LIRP), also named Galileo Galilei Airport is an airport located in Pisa, Italy.	Pisa International Airport	Italy
country	The Château de Bruniquel is a castle in the French commune of Bruniquel, in the Tarn-et-Garonne département of the Midi-Pyrénées region of France.	Château de Bruniquel	France
country	Deorkothar (Devanāgarī: देउर कोठार, also Deur Kothar) is a location of archaeological importance in Madhya Pradesh, Central India.	Deur Kothar	India
country	Jolgeh Sedeh (Persian: جلگه سده‎; also known as Jolgeh) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jolgeh Sedeh	Iran
country	Freguesia (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˌfɾɛɣɨˈzi.ɐ)), usually translated as ``parish'' or ``civil parish'', is the third-level administrative subdivision of Portugal, as defined by the 1976 Constitution.	Freguesia	Portugal
country	Générargues is a commune in the Gard department in southern France, around 10 km southwest of Alès.	Générargues	France
country	Maruševec (Hungarian: Máriasócszentgyörgy, Kajkavian: Maršuvic, Maršovec, or Maršuvec) is a village and municipality in Croatia in the Varaždin County.	Maruševec	Croatia
country	List auf Sylt (known as List until 31 December 2008) is the northernmost municipality in Germany, located on the North Sea island of Sylt close to Denmark in the district of Nordfriesland in the state of Schleswig-Holstein.	List auf Sylt	Germany
country	The Omaramba River is situated about five kilometers from Tsintsabis in Namibia.	Omaramba River	Namibia
country	Her Majesty's Naval Service, also known as the Senior Service, is the United Kingdom's naval warfare and maritime service.	Her Majesty's Naval Service	United Kingdom
country	Długowola Pierwsza (dwuɡɔˈvɔla ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Długowola Pierwsza	Poland
country	The Ongaba mine is a large iron mine located in north-west Namibia in the Kunene Region.	Ongaba mine	Namibia
country	The Polish Theater in Vilnius (Polish: Polski Teatr w Wilnie) is a Polish-language theater in Vilnius, Lithuania.	Polish Theater in Vilnius	Lithuania
country	Redeyef (Arabic: الرّدَيِّف‎ Ar Rudayyif) is a town and commune in the Gafsa Governorate, Tunisia.	Redeyef	Tunisia
country	Nieuw Rotterdam is the ancient capital of the Nickerie District in Suriname, built on the right bank of the Nickerie River.	Nieuw Rotterdam	Suriname
country	Predjama Castle (Slovene: Predjamski grad or grad Predjama, German: Höhlenburg Lueg, Italian: Castel Lueghi) is a Renaissance castle built within a cave mouth in south-central Slovenia, in the historical region of Inner Carniola.	Predjama Castle	Slovenia
country	The Robertson Advocate was an English language broadsheet newspaper published twice weekly, on Tuesdays and Fridays, in Mittagong, New South Wales, Australia.	The Robertson Advocate	Australia
country	Yichun University (Chinese: 宜春学院; pinyin: Yíchūn Xuéyuàn) is located in Yichun, Jiangxi, People's Republic of China.	Yichun University	People's Republic of China
country	Zakouma National Park (French: Parc National Zakouma) is a national park, located between Sarh and Am Timan, in the south of Chad.	Zakouma National Park	Chad
country	Ghangha Pur or Gangapur is a village of Jaranwala Tehsil in Faisalabad District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Ghangha Pur	Pakistan
country	Bulyanhulu Gold Mine is an underground gold mine in the Shinyanga Region of Tanzania, located 55 kilometres south of Lake Victoria.	Bulyanhulu Gold Mine	Tanzania
country	Póvoa de Lanhoso (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpɔvuɐ ðɨ lɐˈɲozu), locally: (ˈpɔβuɐ ðɨ lɐˈɲozu)) is a municipality in the district of Braga, Portugal.	Póvoa de Lanhoso	Portugal
country	Gharm (Tajik: Ғарм, alternative spellings Garm and Gharm) is a city and jamoat in the Rasht Valley area of central Tajikistan.	Gharm	Tajikistan
country	Alistrati (Greek: Αλιστράτη) is a town and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Alistrati	Greece
country	St. Pölten Hauptbahnhof is the main station at St. Pölten, which is the capital city of the federal state of Lower Austria, located in the north east of Austria.	St. Pölten Hauptbahnhof	Austria
country	The Vishwamitri River is a seasonal river which flows east to west between the Mahi and Narmada rivers in Gujarat, India.	Vishwamitri River	India
country	KwaMhlanga is a town in Mpumalanga, South Africa and is the spiritual home of the Ndebele tribe that settled here in the early 18th century.	KwaMhlanga	South Africa
country	The Translators Association (TA) is an association representing literary translators in the United Kingdom.	Translators Association	United Kingdom
country	The Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic (Armenian SSR; Armenian: Հայկական Սովետական Սոցիալիստական Հանրապետություն Haykakan Sovetakan Soc'ialistakan Hanrapetut'yun; Russian: Армя́нская Сове́тская Социалисти́ческая Респу́блика Armyanskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialističeskaya Respublika) was one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union in December 1922.	Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	Kolonia Wrzelów (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈvʐɛluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Wrzelów	Poland
country	Rachcin (ˈraxt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rachcin	Poland
country	Awakeri is a village located southwest of Whakatane in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island.	Awakeri	New Zealand
country	Kadıköy (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈkadɯcøj); ancient and Byzantine Chalcedon (Greek: Χαλκηδών)), is a large, populous, and cosmopolitan district of Istanbul, Turkey on the northern shore of the Sea of Marmara, facing the historic city centre on the European side of the Bosporus.	Kadıköy	Turkey
country	Praia da Carreagem (sometimes written Praia da Carriagem) is a beach within the Municipality of Aljezur, in the Algarve, Portugal.	Praia da Carreagem	Portugal
country	Eurymenae (Ancient Greek: Εὐρυμεναί, or Ὲρυμναί - Erymnae) was an ancient Greek town in Magnesia (east central Greece).	Eurymenae	Greece
country	Marsamxett Harbour (Maltese pronunciation: (mɐr.sɐmˈʃɛt)), historically also referred to as Marsamuscetto, is a natural harbour on the island of Malta.	Marsamxett Harbour	Malta
country	The Étang de Berre (in Provençal Occitan: estanh de Bèrra / mar de Bèrra according to classical orthography, estang de Berro / mar de Berro according to Mistralian orthography) is a lagoon on the Mediterranean coast of France, about 25 km north-west of Marseille.	Étang de Berre	France
country	The Weser Depression (German: Weserniederung) or Weser Lowlands is the region north of Porta Westfalica in Germany, where the River Weser no longer flows through a valley, but a broad plain consisting of meadows and river terraces.	Weser Depression	Germany
country	Cariari National Wetlands is a Nature reserve, part of both the Tortuguero and Caribbean La Amistad Conservation Areas, in the Limón Province of northeastern Costa Rica.	Cariari National Wetlands	Costa Rica
country	Kucborowo (kut͡sbɔˈrɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kucborowo	Poland
country	The West Coast Expressway, WCE or (Malay: Lebuhraya Pesisiran Pantai Barat or Lebuhraya Pantai Barat), LPPB or LPB, is a new expressway that will be built on the west coast of Peninsula Malaysia.	West Coast Expressway	Malaysia
country	Kaveri Nagar (Tamil: காவேரி நகர்) is a neighbourhood of the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu, India.	Kaveri Nagar	India
country	Saint-Corneille is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France, famous for its chicken breeding facilities.	Saint-Corneille	France
country	Krnjača (Serbian Cyrillic: Крњача, pronounced (kř̩ɲat͡ʃa)) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Krnjača	Serbia
country	The Blučina burial is a Migration period princely burial at Blučina, near Brno, Moravia, Czech Republic, excavated in 1953 by Karel Tihelka (1898-1973).	Blučina burial	Czech Republic
country	Osojnica (pronounced (ɔˈsoːi̯nitsa)) is a small settlement on a stream with the same name, a tributary of the Poljane Sora (Slovene: Poljanska Sora), in the hills southwest of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Osojnica	Slovenia
country	Końskie (ˈkɔɲskʲɛ) is a town in central Poland with 20,328 inhabitants (2008), situated in the Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (since 1999), previously in Kielce Voivodeship (1975--1998).	Końskie	Poland
country	The Ranchería River is a river located in northern La Guajira Department, Colombia.	Ranchería River	Colombia
country	Bagh Kamal (Persian: باغ كمال‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Kamāl) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh Kamal	Iran
country	The Underwater Society of America (USOA) is the peak body for underwater sport and recreational diving in the United States of America.	Underwater Society of America	United States of America
country	Coti-Chiavari is a commune of the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.	Coti-Chiavari	France
country	Storfrøyningen (Southern Sami: Freavnanjaevrie, stoerre) is a lake in the municipality of Namsskogan in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Storfrøyningen	Norway
country	Lordegan (Lurish and Persian: لردگان‎, also Romanized as Lordegān, Lordgān, and Lordagān; also known as Lordajān, Lordakān, and Lurdagān) is a city in and the capital of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Lordegan	Iran
country	Bourj Hammoud (or Burj Hammud) (Arabic: برج حموﺪ‎, Armenian: Պուրճ Համուտ), is a town and municipality in Lebanon located north-east of the capital Beirut, in the Metn district and is part of Greater Beirut.	Bourj Hammoud	Lebanon
country	Yecapixtla (Nahuatl: Yecapixtlān /jekaˈpiʃt͡ɬaːn/) is a town and municipality located in the northeast of the state of Morelos in central Mexico.	Yecapixtla	Mexico
country	Pointe Vele Airport (IATA: FUT, ICAO: NLWF) is an airport serving Futuna Island in the French overseas territory of Wallis and Futuna.	Pointe Vele Airport	Futuna
country	Kenar Sar Rural District (Persian: دهستان كنارسر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kenar Sar Rural District	Iran
country	Pitrags (Livonian: Pitrõg) is a populated place in Kolka parish, Dundaga municipality, Latvia at the mouth of the river Pitraga.	Pitrags	Latvia
country	Frölunda Torg is a shopping centre in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Frölunda Torg	Sweden
country	The Solidarity Bridge (Polish: Most Solidarności) is a cable-stayed bridge over the Vistula River in Płock, Poland, being in a sequence of two national roads: national road no. 60 and national road no. 62.	Solidarity Bridge	Poland
country	Balbinów (balˈbinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Balbinów	Poland
country	The Hydro-Québec Building (French: Édifice Hydro-Québec) in Montreal, Quebec, Canada stands at 110 metres (360 ft) with 27 floors.	Hydro-Québec Building	Canada
country	Binawrai (population c. 500) is a small village located about 35 km north of Mingora in Swat District, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan.	Binawrai	Pakistan
country	The Hotel Vedado is a hotel located in the Vedado district of Havana, Cuba.	Hotel Vedado	Cuba
country	Čelákovice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtʃɛlaːkovɪtsɛ)) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Čelákovice	Czech Republic
country	In North Korea, The Pyongyang Times is circulated in hotel lobbies, flights into the country and other places frequented by foreigners.	The Pyongyang Times	North Korea
country	The Staatstheater Stuttgart (Stuttgart State Theatre) are a multi-branch-theatre with the branches Oper Stuttgart (Opera Stuttgart), Stuttgart Ballet (Stuttgarter Ballett) and Stuttgart Drama Theatre (Schauspiel Stuttgart) in Stuttgart, Germany.	Staatstheater Stuttgart	Germany
country	Bakus-Wanda (ˈbakus ˈvanda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bakus-Wanda	Poland
country	The Isala Theater is a modern theater opened in 1999 in Capelle aan den IJssel near Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	Isala Theater	Netherlands
country	Navje Memorial Park (Slovene: Spominski park Navje), the redesigned part of the former St. Christopher's Cemetery (pokopališče pri sv. Krištofu), is a memorial park in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Navje Memorial Park	Slovenia
country	Berkasovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Беркасово) is a village in Serbia.	Berkasovo	Serbia
country	The Kochkor River (Kyrgyz: Кочкор) is a river in Kochkor District of Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Kochkor River	Kyrgyzstan
country	Malaco is a Swedish brand of confectionery products owned by Leaf, their products are sold in Norway, Iceland, Denmark and Finland as well as Sweden.	Malaco	Sweden
country	Geiranger Church (Norwegian: Geiranger kyrkje) is a parish church in Stranda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Geiranger Church	Norway
country	Santa Cruz El Chol (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsanta ˈkɾus el tʃol)) is a municipality in the Baja Verapaz department of Guatemala.	Santa Cruz El Chol	Guatemala
country	Bođani (Serbian Cyrillic: Бођани listen ) is a village located in the Bač municipality which is in the South Bačka District of Serbia.	Bođani	Serbia
country	Samen (Persian: سامن‎, also Romanized as Sāmen and Sāman) is a city in Hamadan Province, Iran and the capital of Samen District, in Malayer County.	Samen	Iran
country	Mishmeret (Hebrew: מִשְׁמֶרֶת, lit. Position or Post) is a moshav in central Israel.	Mishmeret	Israel
country	The Suvorov Military Schools are a type of boarding school in the former Soviet Union and in modern Russia and Belarus for boys of 14--18.	Suvorov Military School	Soviet Union	Russia
country	Ösmo is a locality situated in Nynäshamn Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 3,911 inhabitants in 2010.	Ösmo	Sweden
country	The Fernandezian Region is a Floristic Region which includes two island groups, the Juan Fernández Islands and Desventuradas Islands archipelagos, that lie in the South Pacific Ocean off the west coast of Chile.	Fernandezian Region	Chile
country	Gorno Egri (Macedonian: Горно Егри) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia	Gorno Egri	Macedonia
country	Pedehi (Persian: پدهي‎, also Romanized as Pedehī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pedehi	Iran
country	San Antonio de Palé, formerly known as St Antony and San Antonio de Praia, is the capital of Annobón, an island in Equatorial Guinea that was once part of the Spanish Empire in Africa.	San Antonio de Palé	Equatorial Guinea
country	Mamyan is a village in Jhelum District, in the Punjab (Pakistan) province of Pakistan.	Mamyan	Pakistan
country	Hanko railway station (abbrev. Hnk, Finnish: Hangon rautatieasema, Swedish: Hangö järnvägsstation) is a railway station in the port city of Hanko, Finland along the Hanko--	Hanko railway station	Finland
country	Tombakuluq (Persian: تمباكولوق‎, also Romanized as Tombākūlūq; also known as Tabkalakh, Tabkelekh, and Tombaklū) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tombakuluq	Iran
country	Makole (pronounced (ˈmaːkɔlɛ)) is a settlement and a municipality in northeastern Slovenia.	Makole	Slovenia
country	Sangoñedo (Sagoñedo) is one of 44 parishes (administrative divisions) in Tineo, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Sangoñedo	Spain
country	Kráľovský Chlmec (until 1948 Kráľovský Chlumec, Hungarian: Királyhelmec) is a town in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south-eastern Slovakia.	Kráľovský Chlmec	Slovakia
country	Bid Baji Piran Dalun (Persian: بيدبجي پيران دالون‎, also Romanized as Bīd Bajī Pīrān Dālūn) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bid Baji Piran Dalun	Iran
country	The National Police Corps (Spanish: Cuerpo Nacional de Policía, CNP; (ˈkwerpo naθjoˈnal de poliˈθi.a)) is the national civilian police force of Spain.	National Police Corps	Spain
country	Cuito Cuanavale is a town and municipality in Cuando Cubango (Kuando-Kubango) province in Angola.	Cuito Cuanavale	Angola
country	Bruunshaab Gamle Papfabrik (Bruunshaab Old Cardboard Factory) is a former textile and cardboard factory located in the town Bruunshåb, a few kilometers south of Viborg, Denmark.	Bruunshaab Gamle Papfabrik	Denmark
country	Pamproux is a commune in the Deux-Sèvres département, Poitou-Charentes, France.	Pamproux	France
country	Peștera Muierilor, or Peștera Muierii (Romanian for ``The Woman's Cave''), is an elaborate cave system located in the Baia de Fier commune, Gorj County, Romania.	Peștera Muierilor	Romania
country	The Beersheba bus bombings were two suicide bombings carried out nearly simultaneously aboard commuter buses in Beersheba, Israel, on August 31, 2004.	Beersheba bus bombings	Israel
country	Tiszaszederkény is a little village on the North-Eastern territory of Hungary, in the neighbourhood of Tiszaújváros.	Tiszaszederkény	Hungary
country	The Battle of Fort Eben-Emael was a battle between Belgian and German forces that took place between 10 May and 11 May 1940, and was part of the Battle of Belgium and Fall Gelb, the German invasion of the Low Countries and France.	Battle of Fort Eben-Emael	Belgium
country	Stegopull (or Stegopul) is a village in Lunxhëri, Gjirokastër County, Albania.	Stegopul	Albania
country	Salahlay District is a district of the northwestern Woqooyi Galbeed region in Somalia.	Salahlay District	Somalia
country	Casino Canberra (or Canberra Casino) is a casino located in the Central Business District of Canberra, the capital city of Australia.	Casino Canberra	Australia
country	Vlahovići (Serbian: Влаховићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vlahovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Jozani Chwaka Bay National Park is a 50 km2 (19 sq mi) national park of Tanzania located on the island of Zanzibar.	Jozani Chwaka Bay National Park	Tanzania
country	The Llobregat Delta (Catalan: Delta del Llobregat) is the delta of the Llobregat river, located near the city of Barcelona, Catalonia, northeastern Spain.	Llobregat Delta	Spain
country	Szumleś Królewski (ˈʂumlɛɕ kruˈlɛfski) (German: Königsfließ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szumleś Królewski	Poland
country	Roztoka-Kolonia (rɔsˈtɔka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Roztoka-Kolonia	Poland
country	Saint-Cyr-sur-Loire is a commune in the department of Indre-et-Loire in central France.	Saint-Cyr-sur-Loire	France
country	The 503 Kingston Rd is an east-west streetcar route in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, operated by the Toronto Transit Commission.	503 Kingston Rd	Canada
country	Kichabad (Persian: كيچ اباد‎, also Romanized as Kīchābād; also known as Kīkābād) is a village in Mokriyan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kichabad	Iran
country	Nacala, also known as Cidade de Nacala or Nacala-Porto is on the northern coast of Mozambique is the deepest natural port on the east coast of Africa.	Nacala	Mozambique
country	Suur-Matinkylä (Finnish) or Stor-Mattby (Swedish) is a southern main district of Espoo, a city in Finland.	Suur-Matinkylä	Finland
country	Kaku Zakaria (Persian: كاكوذكريا‎, also Romanized as Kākū Z̄akarīyā and Kākū Zakarīā; also known as Kākūs Kārī, Kākū Zakareyān, and Kākūz Qariya) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kaku Zakaria	Iran
country	Twillingate Islands (French ``Toulinquet'') are a group of islands in Notre Dame Bay of the Island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Twillingate Islands	Canada
country	Wat Phnom Airlines (Khmer: ក្រុមហ៊ុនអាកាសចរណ៍វត្តភ្នំ) was an airline based in Siem Reap, Cambodia.	Wat Phnom Airlines	Cambodia
country	The Yana River (Russian: Я́на; IPA: (ˈjanə)), is a river in Sakha in Russia, located between the Lena to the west and the Indigirka to the east.	Yana River	Russia
country	Nacional Potosí is one of Bolivia's oldest football clubs, it was founded on March 24, 1942.	Nacional Potosí	Bolivia
country	Dasht-e Abbas (Persian: دشت عباس‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e ``Abbās and Dasht Abbās) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 27 families.	Dasht-e Abbas	Iran
country	The Cambridge Reporter at the time was Canada's oldest operating newspaper.	Cambridge Reporter	Canada
country	Nagodzice (naɡɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ) (German: Herzogswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nagodzice	Poland
country	The Chohong Museum of Finance is a numismatics museum in Seoul, South Korea.	Chohong Museum of Finance	South Korea
country	Delley-Portalban is a municipality in the district of Broye, in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.	Delley-Portalban	Switzerland
country	Lake Oponona (Ndonga: the one that swallowed up all the water) is a natural lake in the Uuvudhiya Constituency in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia.	Lake Oponona	Namibia
country	South Sorong Regency (Indonesian: Sorong Selatan ) is a regency of West Papua Province of Indonesia.	South Sorong Regency	Indonesia
country	Khan Baba Kandi (Persian: خان باباكندي‎, also Romanized as Khān Bābā Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khan Baba Kandi	Iran
country	Netzer Sereni (Hebrew: נֵצֶר סֶרֶנִי) is a kibbutz in central Israel.	Netzer Sereni	Israel
country	Zangi Bon (Persian: زنگي بان‎, also Romanized as Zangī Bon; also known as Zangīn Bon and Zangīn) is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zangi Bon	Iran
country	Dogonbadan (Persian: دوگنبدان‎‎; also Romanized as Do Gonbadān, Dow Gonbadān, and Du Gunbadān; also known as Gachsaran (Persian: گچساران‎‎), also Romanized as Gachsārān) is a city in and the capital of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dogonbadan	Iran
country	The Instituto Allende is a visual arts school in San Miguel de Allende, Mexico.	Instituto Allende	Mexico
country	Kislan (Persian: كيسلان‎, also Romanized as Kīslān; also known as Kīseh Lān) is a village in Saheb Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kislan	Iran
country	The Hôtel Hermitage Monte-Carlo is a prestigious and luxurious palace style Belle Époque in the heart of Monaco on the French Riviera .	Hôtel Hermitage Monte-Carlo	Monaco
country	Cultural Centre Valve is a cultural center in the Pokkinen neighbourhood in Oulu, Finland.	Cultural Centre Valve	Finland
country	Busan Exhibition and Convention Center (Hangul: 벡스코), commonly known as BEXCO (Busan EXhibition and Convention center) is a convention and exhibition center located in Centum City, Haeundae-gu, Busan, South Korea.	Busan Exhibition and Convention Center	South Korea
country	Siahkal County (Persian: شهرستان سیاهکل‎) is a county in Gilan Province in Iran.	Siahkal County	Iran
country	Honkilahti (Swedish: Honkilax) is a village and a former municipality in Finland, part of Eura since 1970.	Honkilahti	Finland
country	The Ontario New Democratic Party (ONDP or NDP; French: Nouveau Parti démocratique de l'Ontario), is a social democratic political party in Ontario, Canada.	Ontario New Democratic Party	Canada
country	The Ang Trapaing Thmor Crane Sanctuary is a protected area of Cambodia on the site of a large Khmer Rouge irrigation project built during the 1970s.	Ang Trapaing Thmor	Cambodia
country	The Association of Timorese Heroes (Tetum: Klibur Oan Timor Asuwain KOTA, Portuguese: Associação dos Heróis Timorenses AHT) is a conservative political party in East Timor.	Association of Timorese Heroes	East Timor
country	The Cobb Power Station is a hydroelectric facility on the Cobb River, 112 kilometres (70 mi) northwest of Nelson, New Zealand.	Cobb Power Station	New Zealand
country	Adhyapak Abdul Majid College in Ramchandrapur, Muradnagar Upazila, Comilla, is a college in Bangladesh.	Adhyapak Abdul Majid College	Bangladesh
country	Suceava (Romanian pronunciation: (suˈt͡ʃe̯ava)) is the largest city and the seat of Suceava County, in the Bukovina region, in north-eastern Romania.	Suceava	Romania
country	Postenan is a community in the Korçë County, southern Albania.	Postenan	Albania
country	Rotorua Seventh-day Adventist School is a primary school in Glenholme suburb of Rotorua, New Zealand.	Rotorua Seventh-day Adventist School	New Zealand
country	Leichhardt Rowing Club formed in 1886 is one of the oldest rowing clubs in Sydney, Australia.	Leichhardt Rowing Club	Australia
country	Voorbereidend wetenschappelijk onderwijs (vwo) or pre-university secondary education is the highest variant in the secondary educational system of the Netherlands, attended by approximately one fifth of all Dutch high school students.	Voorbereidend wetenschappelijk onderwijs	Netherlands
country	Glavinići (Serbian Cyrillic: Главинићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Glavinići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Nevado del Plomo, also spelled as Nevado El Plomo, is a mountain located on the border between Argentina and Chile.	Nevado del Plomo	Argentina	Chile
country	Mactan or Maktan is a densely populated island located a few kilometres from Cebu Island in the Philippines.	Mactan	Philippines
country	Gvar'am (Hebrew: גְּבַרְעָם) is a kibbutz in southern Israel, It is located around 12 kilometres from Ashkelon on the road to Yad Mordechai, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof Ashkelon Regional Council.	Gvar'am	Israel
country	Benmore Dam is the largest dam within the Waitaki power scheme, located in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island.	Benmore Dam	New Zealand
country	Madrid Xanadú is a large shopping mall and entertainment center in Arroyomolinos, Madrid, Spain at the Autovía de Extremadura section.	Madrid Xanadú	Spain
country	Maja e Shënikut is a mountain with a height of 2,552 m (8,373 ft) in northern Albania, part of the Prokletije.	Maja e Shënikut	Albania
country	Takapu Road Railway Station is on the suburban rail network of Wellington, New Zealand, on the Kapiti section of the North Island Main Trunk Railway (NIMT).	Takapu Road Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Kalateh-ye Allah Qoli (Persian: كلاته اله قلي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Allāh Qolī) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Allah Qoli	Iran
country	Himayat Sagar is an artificial lake about 20 km from Hyderabad in Telangana, India.	Himayat Sagar	India
country	Bertinoro Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Bertinoro; Concattedrale di Santa Caterina) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Bertinoro in the province of Forlì-Cesena, Italy.	Bertinoro Cathedral	Italy
country	Ponta da Fragata (Portuguese meaning ``tip of the frigate'') is a headland on the east coast of the island of Sal, Cape Verde.	Ponta da Fragata	Cape Verde
country	Raxaul Airport (ICAO: VERL) is located at Raxaul in the state of Bihar, India.	Raxaul Airport	India
country	Tomasamil is a mountain in Bolivia located east of Ollagüe volcano.	Tomasamil	Bolivia
country	Guangxi Arts Institute (GXAI; Chinese: 广西艺术学院; pinyin: Guǎngxī Yìshù Xuéyuàn) is an art school located in the city of Nanning, the capital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in the People's Republic of China.	Guangxi Arts Institute	People's Republic of China
country	The British Coal Corporation was a nationalised corporation in the United Kingdom responsible for the extraction of coal.	British Coal	United Kingdom
country	Tequendama Province is one of the 15 provinces in the Cundinamarca Department, Colombia.	Tequendama Province	Colombia
country	St Bonaventure's High School, or St Bonaventure's Boys High School, is a school located on Foujdari Road in Hyderabad in the Sindh province of Pakistan with another branch in the Qasimabad town.	St Bonaventure's High School	Pakistan
country	Oleksiki (ɔlɛkˈɕiki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Herby, within Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Oleksiki	Poland
country	The Rural Municipality of Piney is a rural municipality in southeastern Manitoba, Canada, along the border with Minnesota in the United States.	Rural Municipality of Piney	Canada
country	Laakso (Swedish: Dal) is a neighbourhood in Helsinki, Finland.	Laakso	Finland
country	Mazraeh-ye Qaleh Cheh (Persian: مزرعه قلعه چه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Qal``eh Cheh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Qaleh Cheh	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Sefidan (Persian: مزرعه سفيدان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Sefīdān) is a village in Rabatat Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Sefidan	Iran
country	Dobryłów (dɔˈbrɨwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Dobryłów	Poland
country	Bieruń (ˈbʲɛruɲ) (German: Berun) is a town in Upper Silesia, in southern Poland, about 25 km (16 mi) south of Katowice.	Bieruń	Poland
country	Addington Raceway or The Met is the home of the Metropolitan Trotting Club in Addington, Christchurch in New Zealand.	Addington Raceway	New Zealand
country	Surkotada is an archaeological site located in India and it is a site belonging to Indus Valley Civilisation(IVC).	Surkotada	India
country	The Sultan Suleiman Mosque, (Ukrainian: Маріупольська мечеть) is located in Mariupol, Ukraine.	Sultan Suleiman Mosque	Ukraine
country	Eidsivating Court of Appeal (Norwegian: Eidsivating lagmannsrett) is the court of appeal located in Hamar, Norway.	Eidsivating Court of Appeal	Norway
country	Illmitz (Hungarian: Illmic) is a market town in the district of Neusiedl am See in Burgenland in Austria.	Illmitz	Austria
country	Qazıqumlaq (also, Kazykumlak and Kazykumlakh) is a village and municipality in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qazıqumlaq	Azerbaijan
country	Sarab-e Sarin (Persian: سراب سرين‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Sarīn; also known as Sarīn and Sīrīn) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Sarin	Iran
country	Frederik's Church (Danish: Frederiks Kirke), popularly known as The Marble Church (Marmorkirken) for its rococo architecture, is an Evangelical Lutheran church in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frederik's Church	Denmark
country	Praia dos Ingleses (English: Beach of the Englishmen) is a beach located in the neighborhood of Ingleses do Rio Vermelho, in the north of the Santa Catarina Island 31 km from the Centro downtown district of Florianópolis the capital of the state of Santa Catarina, Brazil.	Praia dos Ingleses	Brazil
country	Rydułtowy (rɨduu̯ˈtɔvɨ) (German: Rydultau), is a town in southern Poland.	Rydułtowy	Poland
country	Kaiserkeller is a music club in the St. Pauli quarter of Hamburg, Germany, near the Reeperbahn.	Kaiserkeller	Germany
country	Ravipalli is a village in Garugubilli mandal in the revenue division of Parvathipuram in Vizianagaram district of India.	Ravipalli	India
country	École supérieure de commerce de Reims (``ESC Reims'' or ``Sup de Co Reims''), is one of France's leading Grandes Ecoles of management.	École supérieure de commerce de Reims	France
country	Badicul Moldovenesc is a commune in Cahul district, Moldova, about 20 km (12 mi) to the north of Cahul.	Badicul Moldovenesc	Moldova
country	Mowtowr-e Baluchha (Persian: موتوربلوچها‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Balūchhā) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Baluchha	Iran
country	The South Moravian Region (Czech: Jihomoravský kraj; Slovak: Juhomoravský kraj) is an administrative unit (kraj) of the Czech Republic, located in the south-western part of its historical region of Moravia (an exception is Jobova Lhota which belongs to Bohemia).	South Moravian Region	Czech Republic
country	Pain Jadeh (Persian: پايين جاده‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Jādeh) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Jadeh	Iran
country	Grevesmühlen (German pronunciation: (ɡʁeːvəsˈmyːlən)) is a municipality in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, northern Germany.	Grevesmühlen	Germany
country	The Morice Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges, located on the west side of Morice Lake in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Morice Range	Canada
country	Radoszyna (radɔˈʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Radoszyna	Poland
country	The Ozren Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Озрен) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery located 6 kilometres from the town of Petrovo in northern Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ozren Monastery	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Decimomannu Air Base (IATA: DCI, ICAO: LIED) is an Italian Air Force (Aeronautica Militare) air force base located approximately 5 km (2.7 NM) north of Decimomannu a comune in the Province of Cagliari on the island of Sardinia in Italy.	Decimomannu Air Base	Italy
country	Vasilyevsky Mokh (Russian: Васильевский Мох) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kalininsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of the city of Tver.	Vasilyevsky Mokh	Russia
country	Drohobych Raion (Ukrainian: Дрогобицький район, translit: Drohobyts’kyi raion) is a raion (district) of Lviv Oblast (region) of western Ukraine.	Drohobych Raion	Ukraine
country	Wąkop (ˈvɔnkɔp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wąkop	Poland
country	Primostek (pronounced (ˈpɾiːmɔstək)) is a village in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Primostek	Slovenia
country	Jérissa, also El-Jarissa, is a town and commune in the Kef Governorate, Tunisia.	Jérissa	Tunisia
country	Ali Al Salem Air Base (ICAO: OKAS) is a military airbase situated in Kuwait, approximately 23 miles from the Iraqi border.	Ali Al Salem Air Base	Kuwait
country	Sarria is a municipality in the province of Lugo, northwestern Spain, in the autonomous community of Galicia.	Sarria	Spain
country	Wella was founded in 1880 by Franz Ströher, a j hairdresser from Saxony, Eastern Germany.	Wella	Germany
country	Due to its geographic location in the north of Germany, the southeast of the Jutland peninsula, and the southwestern shore of the Baltic Sea, Kiel has become one of the major maritime centres of Germany.	Kiel	Germany
country	Baba Nur (Persian: بابانور‎, also Romanized as Bābā Nūr) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baba Nur	Iran
country	Crimond Raceway is the most northerly stock car track in the United Kingdom.	Crimond Raceway	United Kingdom
country	Linguère Department is one of the departments of Senegal, one of three located in the Louga Region.	Linguère Department	Senegal
country	Samoeng Tai (Thai: สะเมิงใต้) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Samoeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Samoeng Tai	Thailand
country	Fife House, No 1, Lewes Crescent, is a Grade I listed building in Kemp Town, Brighton, United Kingdom, which was previously owned by the Duke of Devonshire and the Duke of Fife; it is not to be confused with the former Fife House, Whitehall, in London.	Fife House	United Kingdom
country	The Barmah-Millewa Important Bird Area is a 2635 km2 tract of land in south-eastern Australia which has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area (IBA) because of its significance for the conservation of a range of bird species.	Barmah-Millewa Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Strasbourg (/ˈstræzbɜːrɡ/, French pronunciation: ​(stʁaz.buʁ, stʁas.buʁ); German: Straßburg, (ˈʃtʁaːsbʊɐ̯k)) is the capital and largest city of the Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine (ACAL) region in eastern France and is the official seat of the European Parliament.	Strasbourg	France
country	Palaiomylos (Greek: Παλαιόμυλος), also called Paliomylos (Greek: Παλιόμυλος), is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 3 km south of Prodromos.	Palaiomylos	Cyprus
country	Šempas (pronounced (ʃɛmˈpas) or (ʃəmˈpas); in older sources also Šenpas, Italian: Sambasso, German: Schönpass) is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Nova Gorica in western Slovenia.	Šempas	Slovenia
country	The Embalse Nuclear Power Station (Spanish: Central Nuclear Embalse) is one of the three operational nuclear power plants in Argentina.	Embalse Nuclear Power Station	Argentina
country	Stara Fužina (pronounced (ˈstaːɾa fuˈʒiːna)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Stara Fužina	Slovenia
country	Aqaseyyed Yaqub (Persian: اقاسيديعقوب‎, also Romanized as Āqāseyyed Yaʿqūb) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Aqaseyyed Yaqub	Iran
country	Chelyabinsk Airport (IATA: CEK, ICAO: USCC) is an airport in Russia located 18 km north of Chelyabinsk.	Chelyabinsk Airport	Russia
country	Wallerfield is an residential and industrial area in Arima just 10 km (6.2 mi) west of the Arima Town Center in Trinidad and Tobago.	Wallerfield	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The Melbourne International Comedy Festival (MICF) is the third-largest international comedy festival in the world and the largest cultural event in Australia.	Melbourne International Comedy Festival	Australia
country	Pulo do Lobo is a waterfall 17km north of Mértola, in the Lower Alentejo region of Portugal.	Pulo do Lobo	Portugal
country	Shadikhan, also known as Shadi Khan, is a village in the north-west of the Chach area (the land of 84 villages) in Punjab, Pakistan with a population of around 730.	Shadikhan	Pakistan
country	Provincial Cultural Complex (Persian: مجتمع فرهنگي بوستان ولايت‎ -- Mojtame`-ye Farhengī Būstān va Lāīt) is a village in Fajr Rural District, in the Central District of Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Provincial Cultural Complex	Iran
country	Pécharmant is a wine appellation (Appellation d'origine contrôlée, AOC) for certain wines produced in the hills to the North-East of the market town of Bergerac, France.	Pécharmant	France
country	Onarheim Church (Norwegian: Onarheim kirke) is a parish church in Tysnes municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Onarheim Church	Norway
country	Qaderqamu (Persian: قادرقامو‎, also Romanized as Qāderqāmū) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qaderqamu	Iran
country	The Borowiec Astrogeodynamic Observatory is an observatory that forms part of Space Research Centre located in Borówiec, Poland.	Borowiec Astrogeodynamic Observatory	Poland
country	The Prerower Strom or Prerowstrom is an arm of the Baltic Sea in northeast Germany.	Prerower Strom	Germany
country	Breznik (Bulgarian: Брезник) is a town in western Bulgaria, 50 km away from Sofia.	Breznik	Bulgaria
country	The Monastery of Rates (Portuguese: Mosteiro de Rates) was a Benedictine monastery located in the parish of Rates in the municipality of Póvoa de Varzim, in Portugal.	Monastery of Rates	Portugal
country	Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان حومه شمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District	Iran
country	Parakrama Samudra (or Parakrama's sea or the Sea of King Parakrama) is a shallow reservoir, consisting of three separate reservoirs connected by narrow channels in Polonnaruwa, Sri Lanka.	Parakrama Samudra	Sri Lanka
country	Soisalo is commonly regarded as the largest island of Finland.	Soisalo	Finland
country	Murtino is a village of Macedonia that lies on the border between the Strumica Municipality and the Bosilovo Municipality, with a majority of its area in the Strumica Municipality.	Murtino	Macedonia
country	Tangowali (Punjabi, Urdu: ٹانگووالی) is a village in Sargodha Punjab, Pakistan.	Tangowali	Pakistan
country	Słutowo (swuˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Słutowo	Poland
country	The Pedion tou Areos or Pedion Areos (Greek: Πεδίον του Άρεως or Πεδίον Άρεως, pronounced (peˈðion tu ˈareos), meaning Field of Ares, corresponding to the French Champ de Mars and the ancient Campus Martius) is one of the largest public parks in Athens, Greece.	Pedion tou Areos	Greece
country	San Pietro a Maida is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	San Pietro a Maida	Italy
country	Fidélitas University is a private university in Lourdes, Montes de Oca, San José, Costa Rica.	Fidélitas University	Costa Rica
country	Fatal Visions was a cult film magazine from Melbourne, Australia, that ran from 1988 to 1998, and was edited by journalist Michael Helms.	Fatal Visions	Australia
country	Artsni (Armenian: Արծնի; formerly, Kyzyldag, Kizilkilisa, Kizildash, and Kizildag) is a town located in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Artsni	Armenia
country	The Institute of Molecular Biology (IMB) is a newly established research centre on the campus of the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, Germany.	Institute of Molecular Biology	Germany
country	Gossas is a town in western Senegal about 90 km from the capital.	Gossas	Senegal
country	Port Elgin (Pryde Field) Airport, (TC LID: CPG6), was located 1.5 NM (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) north of Port Elgin, Ontario, Canada.	Port Elgin (Pryde Field) Airport	Canada
country	Chungju High School is a public secondary boys' school in Chungcheongbuk-do, South Korea.	Chungju High School	South Korea
country	The Maison de Verre (French for House of Glass) was built from 1928 to 1932 in Paris, France.	Maison de Verre	France
country	Brenner railway station (German: Bahnhof Brenner; Italian: Stazione di Brennero) serves the town and comune of Brenner, in the autonomous province of South Tyrol in northeastern Italy.	Brenner railway station	Italy
country	Melonek (mɛˈlɔnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Melonek	Poland
country	Villatuerta is a town and municipality located in the province and the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Villatuerta	Spain
country	San Frediano in Cestello is a Baroque-style, Roman Catholic church in the Oltrarno section of Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	San Frediano in Cestello	Italy
country	Santuario della Beata Vergine del Fiume (Italian: Santuario della Beata Vergine del Fiume is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Mandello del Lario, in the Lecco and the region of Lombardy, Italy.	Santuario della Beata Vergine del Fiume	Italy
country	Naisten kymppi (Finnish for ``the women's ten'') is an annual running or walking event for women, held in Helsinki, the capital of Finland at the end of May.	Naisten kymppi	Finland
country	Holzappel is a municipality in the Rhein-Lahn-Kreis, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, with a population in 2006 of 1100.	Holzappel	Germany
country	Darreh-ye Baruk (Persian: دره بروك‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Barūḵ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Baruk	Iran
country	Rigga Al Buteen or Riqqa Al Buteen (Arabic: رقة البطين‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Rigga Al Buteen	United Arab Emirates
country	Nhlangano Airfield (ICAO: FDNH ) is an airstrip serving Nhlangano, in Swaziland.	Nhlangano Airfield	Swaziland
country	The Schwerbelastungskörper (German: ``heavy load-bearing body'') (a.k.a. Großbelastungskörper - GBK) is a hefty concrete cylinder in Berlin, Germany located at the intersection of Dudenstraße, General-Pape-Straße, and Loewenhardtdamm in the northwestern part of the borough of Tempelhof.	Schwerbelastungskörper	Germany
country	Birimirtsi (in Bulgarian: Биримирци) is a neighbourhood in Sofia, Bulgaria.	Birimirtsi	Bulgaria
country	Bodwell High School is a private co-educational boarding school offering grades 8 to 12, and university preparation, in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Bodwell High School	Canada
country	The Lomas de Barbudal Biological Reserve is a Nature Reserve of Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, that covers an area of 6,536 acres (26 km2) in the Guanacaste Province, 15 kilometers southwest of Bagaces.	Lomas de Barbudal Biological Reserve	Costa Rica
country	The Cavalli Islands are a small group of islands near Whangaroa on Northland's East Coast in northern New Zealand.	Cavalli Islands	New Zealand
country	Maritiman is a floating maritime museum on the Göta Älv, in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Maritiman	Sweden
country	Faith Island is a low, flat islet in south-eastern Australia.	Faith Island	Australia
country	Mirzaali (Persian: ميرزاعلي‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā``alī) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 8 families.	Mirzaali	Iran
country	Balıkesir is in the Marmara region of Turkey and has a population of 331,788 inhabitants.	Balıkesir	Turkey
country	Shahrak-e Darya Kenar (Persian: شهرك درياكنار‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Daryā Kenār; also known as Daryā Kenār) is a village in Barik Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunkenar County and Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Darya Kenar	Iran
country	Palacio de Campo Real is a palace in Jerez de la Frontera, in the Province of Cádiz, in southern Spain.	Palacio de Campo Real	Spain
country	The Hochfrottspitze is a 2,649 metre high mountain, made of main dolomite, in the Allgäu Alps near Oberstdorf in Germany and the highest German mountain in the Allgäu Alps.	Hochfrottspitze	Germany
country	Epanomi (Επανομή) is a town and was a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Epanomi	Greece
country	Denis Island Airport (IATA: DEI, ICAO: FSSD) is an airfield serving Denis Island in the Seychelles.	Denis Island Airport	Seychelles
country	Silvaneh (Persian: سيلوانه‎; also Romanized as Sīlvāneh; also known as Sīlvānā, Salvanagh, Selvānā, Selvānaq, and Silvana) is a city in and the capital of Silvaneh District, in Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Silvaneh	Iran
country	Pori Old Town Hall is a former town hall located in Pori, Finland.	Pori Old Town Hall	Finland
country	Jaunpils Castle (German: Schloß Neuenburg) is a castle in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.	Jaunpils Castle	Latvia
country	Qalat-e Bar Aftab (Persian: قلات برافتاب‎, also Romanized as Qalāt-e Bar Āftāb) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Qalat-e Bar Aftab	Iran
country	Sidironero (Greek: Σιδηρόνερο, Bulgarian: Осеница, Osenitsa) is a village and a former community in the Drama regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Sidironero	Greece
country	Szuszalewo (ʂuʂaˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szuszalewo	Poland
country	Ideraway is a small rural town in North Burnett Region, Queensland, Australia.	Ideraway	Australia
country	Sikirić (Cyrillic: Сикирић) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sikirić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kurgal (Persian: كورگل‎, also Romanized as Kūrgal) is a village in Qomrud Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Kurgal	Iran
country	Lošinj Airport (IATA: LSZ, ICAO: LDLO) is an airport 3.2 nautical miles (5.9 km) from Mali Lošinj on the island of Lošinj, Croatia.	Lošinj Airport	Croatia
country	The National DNA Database Ethics Group is a non-departmental public body that advises the government of the United Kingdom on the ethical issues regarding the United Kingdom National DNA Database.	National DNA Database Ethics Group	United Kingdom
country	The Municipal District of Pincher Creek No. 9 is a municipal district in south western Alberta, Canada.	Municipal District of Pincher Creek No. 9	Canada
country	Hungarian University of Fine Arts (Hungary, Budapest, 1062 Andrássy út 69-71.)	Hungarian University of Fine Arts	Hungary
country	Lac des Rouges Truites is a lake at the village of Lac-des-Rouges-Truites in the Jura department of France.	Lac des Rouges Truites	France
country	Mohrkirch (Danish: Mårkær) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Mohrkirch	Germany
country	'Geisenklösterle (Geißenklösterle) is a cave near Blaubeuren, Swabian Alb, Southern Germany.	Geisenklösterle	Germany
country	The Grand Prix du Comminges was an automobile race held in France.	Grand Prix du Comminges	France
country	Vanha-Espoo (Finnish) or Gamla Esbo (Swedish), literally ``Old Espoo'', is the largest main district of Espoo, a city in Finland.	Vanha-Espoo	Finland
country	The Waimangu Geyser, located near Rotorua in New Zealand, was the most powerful geyser in the world.	Waimangu Geyser	New Zealand
country	Ladian is a small village in Kharian Tehsil, Gujrat District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Ladian	Pakistan
country	Kontias joined the rest of Greece after the Balkan Wars in 1913.	Kontias	Greece
country	FC Shumen 1929 (Bulgarian: ФК Шумен 1929) is a Bulgarian football club from the city of Shumen, which currently competes in Bulgaria's 3rd football league, the North-Eastern V Group.	FC Shumen 1929	Bulgaria
country	Sechelt/Porpoise Bay Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAX3), was an aerodrome located adjacent to Sechelt, British Columbia, Canada.	Sechelt/Porpoise Bay Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	After the formation of the Netherlands national rugby league team, the town formed a rugby league club called the Nootdorp Panthers.	Nootdorp	Netherlands
country	Blinker the Star is a Canadian indie rock band, originally from Pembroke, Ontario, Canada.	Blinker the Star	Canada
country	Coahuayutla de Guerrero is a city and seat of the municipality of Coahuayutla de José María Izazaga, in the state of Guerrero, south-western Mexico.	Coahuayutla de Guerrero	Mexico
country	Kumarakom is a popular tourism destination located near the city of Kottayam (16 kilometres (10 mi)), in Kerala, India, famous for its backwater tourism.	Kumarakom	India
country	The Domain Tunnel is a road tunnel located in Melbourne, Australia, which carries traffic westbound from the Monash Freeway to the West Gate Freeway, running under the Yarra River and Kings Domain.	Domain Tunnel	Australia
country	Qaleh Sohrab (Persian: قلعه سهراب‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Sohrāb; also known as Sohrāb) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 307, in 55 families.	Qaleh Sohrab	Iran
country	Bateman Hardware was the earliest hardware shop established in Western Australia (and the second-oldest commercial enterprise of any sort), and until its demise in the 1980s was the longest-running.	Bateman Hardware	Australia
country	Mogral (മൊഗ്രാല്‍) is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala, India.	Mogral	India
country	Comox Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CCX6), is located adjacent to Comox, British Columbia, Canada.	Comox Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Netravati River has its origins at Bangrabalige valley, Yelaneeru Ghat in Kudremukh in Chikkamagaluru district of Karnataka, India.	Netravati River	India
country	Lidzbark Warmiński (ˈlʲid͡zbarɡ varˈmʲiɲskʲi) (German: Heilsberg ( listen)) is a town in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland.	Lidzbark Warmiński	Poland
country	Wadajir District (Somali: Degmada Wadajir), also Called Medina District or Madina District is a district in the south-central Banaadir region of Somalia.	Wadajir District	Somalia
country	Ghaffar Hajji (Persian: غفارحاجي‎, also Romanized as Ghaffār Ḩājjī) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Gomishan District, Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Ghaffar Hajji	Iran
country	The Botan River (Turkish: Botan Çayı, Botan Suyu, or Uluçay; Kurdish: Çemê Botanê; Neo-Syriac: ܒܵܘܗܬܵܢ ܨܘܼ‎ bō(h)tān ṣū) is located in the Siirt Province of southeastern Turkey.	Botan River	Turkey
country	Lutek (ˈlutɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lutek	Poland
country	The Cabourg Film Festival (French: Festival du Film de Cabourg - Journées romantiques or simply Festival du Film de Cabourg) is an annual film festival held every June in Cabourg, France.	Cabourg Film Festival	France
country	Roio del Sangro is a village and comune of the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Roio del Sangro	Italy
country	Radio Hekaphon was the first radio broadcasting station in Austria.	Radio Hekaphon	Austria
country	Shark Island Light is an active pile lighthouse located just north of Shark Island, an island in Sydney Harbour, New South Wales, Australia.	Shark Island Light	Australia
country	Kakum National Park, located in the coastal environs of the Central Region of Ghana, covers an area of 375 square kilometres (145 sq mi).	Kakum National Park	Ghana
country	Bukowa Wielka (buˈkɔva ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bukowa Wielka	Poland
country	The Met Office, the main weather forecasting organisation for the United Kingdom and one of the most significant in the world, relocated from Bracknell in Berkshire to Exeter in early 2004.	Exeter	United Kingdom
country	Semnan Slaughterhouse Company (Persian: شركت سمنان تيهو‎ -- Sherḵat-e Semnān Taīhū; also known as Keshtārgāh) is a village and company town in Lasgerd Rural District, in the Central District of Sorkheh County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Semnan Slaughterhouse Company	Iran
country	Dheenle is a town in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia.	Dheenle	Somalia
country	Ava Railway Station is a suburban railway station serving parts of Petone and Alicetown in Lower Hutt, New Zealand.	Ava Railway Station	New Zealand
country	The Vilaine (Breton: Gwilen) is a river in Brittany, in the west of France.	Vilaine	France
country	Khandesh (Marathi: ख़ानदेश) is a region of central India, which forms the northwestern portion of Maharashtra state.	Khandesh	India
country	Dyngö is a small island in the archipelago of Sweden's west coast, located in the province (landskap) of Bohuslän, near the village Fjällbacka.	Dyngö	Sweden
country	Barrow Island Airport (IATA: BWB, ICAO: YBWX) is located at Barrow Island, Western Australia.	Barrow Island Airport	Australia
country	Power's Brewery now CUB brewery, is a brewery based at Yatala in South East Queensland, Australia.	Power's Brewery	Australia
country	Mietków (ˈmjɛtkuf) (German: Mettkau) is a village in Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mietków	Poland
country	Parkdale School was a city centre K-9 public school located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Parkdale School	Canada
country	Mazraeh-ye Asadollah Zary (Persian: مزرعه اسداله زارع‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Āsadollah Zāry) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Asadollah Zary	Iran
country	Women's Legal Education and Action Fund, referred to by the acronym LEAF, is ``the only national organization in Canada that exists to ensure the equality rights of women and girls under the law.''	Women's Legal Education and Action Fund	Canada
country	The Ngawha geothermal field is a geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand.	Ngawha geothermal field	New Zealand
country	Kena (also pronounced kana) is a village in Vilnius district municipality, Lithuania.	Kena	Lithuania
country	Kreuzlingen Abbey (Stift Kreuzlingen or Kloster Kreuzlingen), in Kreuzlingen in Switzerland, on the border with Germany, was founded in about 1125 by Ulrich I of Dillingen, Bishop of Constance, as a house of Augustinian Canons.	Kreuzlingen Abbey	Switzerland
country	Homai-ye Sofla (Persian: همايي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Homā’ī-ye Soflá) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Homai-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Chenali (Persian: چنالي‎, also Romanized as Chenālī and Chanali) is a village in Surak Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chenali	Iran
country	Piazza Santa Croce is one of the main plazas or squares located in the central neighborhood of Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Piazza Santa Croce	Italy
country	Burapha University (BUU) (Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยบูรพา) is one of Thailand's major public universities located in the coastal town of Bangsaen, Chonburi Province, established on 8 July 1955 originated from Bangsaen Educational College which was the first regional tertiary educational institute.	Burapha University	Thailand
country	Kastrupgård is a former country house, dating from the mid 18th century, in Kastrup, a suburb of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Kastrupgård	Denmark
country	Liškiava is a historic village in the Varėna district municipality, Lithuania.	Liškiava	Lithuania
country	Vopnafjörður Airport (IATA: VPN, ICAO: BIVO) is an airport serving the village of Vopnafjörður, in the Eastern Region (Austurland) of Iceland.	Vopnafjörður Airport	Iceland
country	Rosebud, Alberta is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Wheatland County.	Rosebud, Alberta	Canada
country	Allianoi is an ancient spa settlement, with remains dating predominantly from the Roman Empire period (2nd century AD) located near the city of Bergama (ancient Pergamon) in Turkey's İzmir Province.	Allianoi	Turkey
country	Ivujivik Airport, (IATA: YIK, ICAO: CYIK), is located on the shore of Hudson Bay in Ivujivik, Quebec, Canada.	Ivujivik Airport	Canada
country	Cairine Wilson Secondary School is an Ottawa-Carleton District School Board high school in Ottawa, Canada.	Cairine Wilson Secondary School	Canada
country	Malé Svatoňovice(Czech pronunciation: (ˈmalɛː ˈsvatoɲovɪtsɛ); German: Klein Schwadowitz) is a village and municipality in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic at the bottom of Jestřebí hory, near the Krkonoše.	Malé Svatoňovice	Czech Republic
country	Tabelbala (Arabic: تبلبالة‎, Korandje: tsawərbəts) is an town and commune between Béchar and Tindouf in south-western Algeria, and is the capital, and only significant settlement, of the Daïra of the same name, encompassing most of the south-western half of Béchar Province.	Tabelbala	Algeria
country	Gilleleje is one of the main towns of the Gribskov municipality in Region Hovedstaden in Denmark.	Gilleleje	Denmark
country	Stockholms-Tidningen (meaning the Stockholm Times in English) was a Swedish language morning newspaper published in Stockholm, Sweden, between 1889 and 1984 with an interruption from 1966 to 1981.	Stockholms-Tidningen	Sweden
country	Guichen (Breton: Gwizien, Gallo: Gischen) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Guichen	France
country	Glush (Russian: Глушь) is a village in Gdovsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia.	Glush	Russia
country	Wawanaki (Aymara), also spelled Wawanaqui) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Wawanaki	Bolivia
country	The Mojotoro River, or Lavayen River (Spanish, Río Lavayén) is a river in the province of Salta, Argentina.	Mojotoro River	Argentina
country	Królowa Górna (kruˈlɔva ˈɡurna) (Ukrainian: Королева Руська, Koroleva Rus’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka Wielka, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Królowa Górna	Poland
country	Bagadó (Spanish pronunciation: (baɣaˈðo)) is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department, Colombia.	Bagadó	Colombia
country	The Church of Santa Engracia de Zaragoza is a basilica church in Zaragoza, Spain.	Church of Santa Engracia de Zaragoza	Spain
country	Pamalican Island is a small island of the Cuyo Islands in the Sulu Sea, between Palawan and Panay, in the north part of the Palawan Province of the Philippines.	Pamalican	Philippines
country	Mdina Gate (Maltese: Il-Bieb tal-Imdina), also known as the Main Gate or the Vilhena Gate, is the main gate into the fortified city of Mdina, Malta.	Mdina Gate	Malta
country	Böhlen (German pronunciation: (ˈbøːlən)) is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, south of Leipzig.	Böhlen	Germany
country	in Tatsfield and Titsey, one of the wards of the United Kingdom.	Tatsfield	United Kingdom
country	As at December 2013, Keolis employed 54,600 people in France, Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Germany, India, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.	Keolis	France
country	The IDG magazine Internetworld ranked Humany as ``one of Sweden's hottest internet entrepreneurs 2006''.	Humany	Sweden
country	Algharabolli National Park, also Karabolli National Park, is a national park of Libya.	Algharabolli National Park	Libya
country	Bogolin (Bulgarian: Боголин) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria.	Bogolin	Bulgaria
country	Krystallopigi (Greek: Κρυσταλλοπηγή; Bulgarian: Смърдеш, Smardesh or Smrdesh, Macedonian: Смрдеш, Smrdeš) is a former community in Florina regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Krystallopigi	Greece
country	The Holy Spirit Grotto (La Gruta del Espíritu Santo in Spanish), also known as Corinto Cave, in Corinto, Morazán, El Salvador, is a registered national monument of petroglyphs.	Holy Spirit Grotto	El Salvador
country	The Kvinneby amulet (Öl SAS1989;43) is an 11th-century runic amulet found in the mid-1950s buried in the village of Södra Kvinneby in Öland, Sweden.	Kvinneby amulet	Sweden
country	Peńskie (ˈpɛɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krypno, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Peńskie	Poland
country	The Stade Henri Sylvoz is a stadium primarily used for football matches in Moanda, Gabon.	Stade Henri Sylvoz	Gabon
country	Strzelin County (Polish: powiat strzeliński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Strzelin County	Poland
country	Azarita (Arabic: الأزاريطة‎) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Azarita	Egypt
country	Lankatilaka Vihara (Sinhalese: ලංකාතිලක විහාරය) is an ancient Buddhist temple situated in Udunuwara of Kandy, Sri Lanka.	Lankatilaka Vihara	Sri Lanka
country	Shin-Imamiya Station (新今宮駅) is a railway station operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) and Nankai Electric Railway, and Shin-Imamiya-Ekimae Station (新今宮駅前停留場) is a stop on the Hankai Tramway Hankai Line.	Shin-Imamiya Station	Japan
country	Kitta or Koita (Greek: Κοίτα) is a village in Mesa Mani, Laconia, Greece.	Kitta	Greece
country	Ješovec pri Kozjem (pronounced (jɛˈʃɔːʋəts pɾi ˈkoːzjɛm) or (jɛˈʃoːʋəts pɾi ˈkoːzjɛm)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills east of Kozje in eastern Slovenia.	Ješovec pri Kozjem	Slovenia
country	Olinto Gallo Workshops was a metal casting and engraving company located in Rosario, province of Santa Fe, Argentina.	Olinto Gallo Workshops	Argentina
country	Brolæggerstræde (literally ``Cobble-Layer Alley) is a street in the Old Town of Copenhagen, Denmark, linking Nytorv in the west with Badstuestræde in the east.	Brolæggerstræde	Denmark
country	Lužarji (German: Luschari) is a small village in the hills southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Lužarji	Slovenia
country	Gokak (Kannada Gokak or Gokaka) is a taluka headquarters in the Belgaum District of Karnataka state, India.	Gokak	India
country	The Norderland was a historic territory, set on the northwestern edge of East Frisia immediately next to the Wadden Sea off North Germany, which embraced a wide area around the town of Norden.	Norderland	Germany
country	Väätsa is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Järva County, in central Estonia.	Väätsa	Estonia
country	Pusan Newport International Terminal (PNIT) is a new port constructed in Busan, in South Korea; it is a joint venture between PSA International and Hanjin.	Pusan Newport International Terminal	South Korea
country	Werlaburgdorf (Burgdorf until 1958) is a village and a former municipality in the district of Wolfenbüttel, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Werlaburgdorf	Germany
country	Świniary Stare (ɕfiˈɲarɨ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Świniary Stare	Poland
country	The Titteri (Arabic: جبل التيطري‎, Berber: Tittri) is a historical region in Algeria.	Titteri	Algeria
country	Rocky Bay was changed to Carmanville on June 18, 1906 after the General Superintendent of the Methodist Church of Canada, Rev. Albert Carman.	Carmanville	Canada
country	Ha Gorge (Greek: Φαράγγι Χά) is a narrow gorge, at the Monasteraki Dakos, on the eastern part of the island of Crete in Greece.	Ha Gorge	Greece
country	Meridian Field is a multi-use rugby stadium in Village of Grace, Providenciales, Turks and Caicos Islands.	Meridian Field	Turks and Caicos Islands
country	Kangasala is a municipality in Finland, next to Tampere.	Kangasala	Finland
country	Cruas is a commune near the Rhône River in the Ardèche department in southern France.	Cruas	France
country	'State Elementary School Cipinang Melayu 12 Petang (Indonesian: Sekolah Dasar Negeri (SDN) Cipinang Melayu 12 Petang) is an Indonesian public school in jalan Kartika Eka Paksi, RT.010 RW 06, KPAD Jatiwaringin, Kelurahan Cipinang Melayu, Kecamatan Makasar, Jakarta Timur, Jakarta, Indonesia.	State Elementary School Cipinang Melayu 12 Petang	Indonesia
country	Owikeno Lake, also Owekeeno Lake, Owekano Lake, Oweekayno Lake and other spellings (pron. ``o we KEE no''), is a large fjord lake in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.	Owikeno Lake	Canada
country	Gać Kaliska (ˈɡat͡ɕ kaˈliska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gać Kaliska	Poland
country	The Women's College, Shillong is an Education India sponsored linguistic minority institution established in 1984.	Women's College, Shillong	India
country	Stara Kiszewa (ˈstara kiˈʂɛva) (German: Alt Kischau; Kashubian: Stôrô Cziszewa) is a village in Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stara Kiszewa	Poland
country	Gordaliza del Pino (Spanish pronunciation: (ɡorðaˈliθa ðel ˈpino)), Gordaliza del Pinu in Leonese language, is a small town located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Gordaliza del Pino	Spain
country	Kimeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كيمه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kīmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kimeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Artemisa (Spanish pronunciation: (aɾteˈmisa)) is a municipality and city in Cuba, formerly part of La Habana Province.	Artemisa	Cuba
country	The University of Goroka is a university in the Eastern Highlands Province of Papua New Guinea.	University of Goroka	Papua New Guinea
country	Goesdorf (Luxembourgish: Géisdref) is a commune and village in north-western Luxembourg.	Goesdorf	Luxembourg
country	Malda Airport (IATA: LDA, ICAO: VEMH) is located at Malda, India.	Malda Airport	India
country	Sex Machines Museum (abbreviated SMM) is a sex museum in Prague, Czech Republic which has a collection of sex devices.	Sex Machines Museum	Czech Republic
country	Lake Bacalar (or Laguna de Bacalar) is a long and narrow lake in the state of Quintana Roo, Mexico.	Lake Bacalar	Mexico
country	Menara Multi Purpose is a skyscraper located along Jalan Munshi Abdullah in midtown in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Menara Multi Purpose	Malaysia
country	Minkowskie (minˈkɔfskʲɛ) (German Minkowsky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Minkowskie	Poland
country	Kawakawa railway station was a station on the Opua Branch in New Zealand.	Kawakawa railway station	New Zealand
country	Jizabad (Persian: جيزاباد‎, also Romanized as Jīzābād) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jizabad	Iran
country	Caplan railway station is a flag stop railway station in Caplan, Quebec, Canada with no ticket agent (tickets were sold on the train).	Caplan railway station	Canada
country	According to the Office for National Statistics, at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001, the parish of Bradfield Combust with Stanningfield had a population of 503 with 231 households.	Stanningfield	United Kingdom
country	Bugti Hills are a range of hills in eastern Balochistan, Pakistan.	Bugti Hills	Pakistan
country	Spodnje Danje (in older sources also Spodnje Dajne, German: Unterdaine) is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnje Danje	Slovenia
country	KIIT School of Technology (KSOT), is the engineering wing of KIIT University, Bhubaneswar, India.	KIIT School of Technology	India
country	Qarahchi-ye Sofla (Persian: قره چي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qarahchī-ye Soflá and Qarehchī-ye Soflá; also known as Qarahchī-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qarahchi-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Reichertshausen is a municipality in the district of Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany and is near the A9 and between Munich and Ingolstadt.	Reichertshausen	Germany
country	Qeynar (Persian: قينر‎; also known as Kenyār, Keynar, Kinār, and Qanīr) is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeynar	Iran
country	Annakeera Crossing was a level crossing near Annaghmore in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.	Annakeera Crossing	Ireland
country	The Hermitage of the Solitude (Spanish: Ermita de la Soledad) is a hermitage located in the village of Fuente el Saz de Jarama, Community of Madrid, Spain.	Hermitage of the Solitude	Spain
country	The Boomerang Seamount is an active submarine volcano, located 18 km northeast of Amsterdam Island, France.	Boomerang Seamount	France
country	Oroszlány (archaic form of oroszlán, means lion; German: Ohreslahn) is a city in Hungary, Komárom-Esztergom county, Central Transdanubia region, located on the North-West flanks of the Vértes Mountains.	Oroszlány	Hungary
country	Nilphamari Government High School (Bengali: নীলফামারী সরকারী উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a government secondary school in Bangladesh situated on the city center of Nilphamari, headquarters of Nilphamari Sadar Upazila and Nilphamari District.	Nilphamari Government High School	Bangladesh
country	Our Lady of Peace High School is a private Salesian school in Malabang, Lanao del Sur, Philippines.	Our Lady of Peace High School	Philippines
country	Wyalong is part of the Bland Shire located in the Northern Riverina Region of New South Wales, Australia.	Wyalong	Australia
country	Ronov nad Doubravou is small town in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Ronov nad Doubravou	Czech Republic
country	Agios Iakovos (Greek: Αγιος Ιάκωβος ``Saint James''; Turkish: Altınova ``golden plain'', previously Aynakofo) is a village in Cyprus, located 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) northwest of Trikomo.	Agios Iakovos	Cyprus
country	Środa Śląska County (Polish: powiat średzki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Środa Śląska County	Poland
country	Cíjara Dam is a reservoir on the Guadiana River, located in Extremadura, Spain.	Cíjara Dam	Spain
country	Magdeburg Cathedral (German: Magdeburger Dom), officially called the Cathedral of Saints Catherine and Maurice (German: Dom zu Magdeburg St. Mauritius und Katharina), is a Protestant cathedral in Germany and the oldest Gothic cathedral in the country.	Magdeburg Cathedral	Germany
country	Esparragalejo is a municipality of Spain in the province of Badajoz, autonomous region of Extremadura.	Esparragalejo	Spain
country	Podlog v Savinjski Dolini (Slovene: Podlog v Savinjski dolini) is a settlement in the Savinja Valley in the Municipality of Žalec in east-central Slovenia.	Podlog v Savinjski Dolini	Slovenia
country	St. Thomas Mar Thoma Church, Pallipad is a church in Pallipad, Kerala, India.	St. Thomas Mar Thoma Church, Pallipad	India
country	Sofia Land (София Ленд) was an amusement park in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.	Sofia Land	Bulgaria
country	İlkadım is the central borough of the city of Samsun, Turkey.	İlkadım	Turkey
country	The Third Battle of Gao was fought in the city of Gao on 9-11 February 2013, during the Northern Mali Conflict.	Third Battle of Gao	Mali
country	Maćedonce (Serbian: Маћедонце) a village in the Medveđa municipality, Jablanica District, southern Serbia.	Maćedonce	Serbia
country	Klatovec (Czech pronunciation: (ˈklatovɛts)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Klatovec	Czech Republic
country	Whale Cove Airport (IATA: YXN, ICAO: CYXN) is located 4.3 nautical miles (8.0 km; 4.9 mi) Whale Cove, Nunavut, Canada, and is operated by the government of Nunavut.	Whale Cove Airport	Canada
country	Głuszyca (ɡwuˈʂɨt͡sa) (German: Wüstegiersdorf) is a town in Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Głuszyca	Poland
country	Neudamm Railway Station is a railway station serving the settlement of Neudamm in Namibia.	Neudamm Railway Station	Namibia
country	Dubienka (duˈbʲɛŋka) (Ukrainian: Дубенка, Dubenka) is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine on the Bug River.	Dubienka	Poland
country	Outardes-4 is a hydroelectric power station and dam on the Outardes River 70 km (43.5 mi) northwest of Baie-Comeau, Quebec, Canada.	Outardes-4	Canada
country	Sakakah (Arabic: سكاكا‎) is a city in northwestern Saudi Arabia and is the capital of Al Jawf Province.	Sakakah	Saudi Arabia
country	Dakky (Russian: Даккы) is a rural locality (a selo), and one of two settlements in Zhokhsogonsky Rural Okrug of Tattinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, in addition to Borobul, the administrative center of the Rural Okrug.	Dakky	Russia
country	Mosteiros Airport (IATA: MTI, ICAO: GVMT) was a public use airport located near Mosteiros, São Filipe, Cape Verde.	Mosteiros Airport	Cape Verde
country	Nydalen is a neighbourhood in the Nordre Aker borough in northern Oslo, Norway.	Nydalen	Norway
country	Valle de Valdelaguna is a town in the province of Burgos, Autonomous Community of Castilla y León (Spain), region of the Complaint, the judicial district of Salas de los Infantes.	Valle de Valdelaguna	Spain
country	Pouso Alto (translation: High Landing) is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.	Pouso Alto	Brazil
country	Sankuru natural reserve is a protected area in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Sankuru natural reserve	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Hougang Mall (Chinese: 后港购物坊), previously known as NTUC Hougang Mall, is a suburban shopping mall in Hougang, Singapore.	Hougang Mall	Singapore
country	La Croix-sur-Gartempe (Occitan: La Crotz) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France.	La Croix-sur-Gartempe	France
country	Järstorp is a locality situated in Jonköping, Jönköping County, Sweden	Järstorp	Sweden
country	Czartkowo (t͡ʂartˈkɔvɔ) (German: Brückenkrug) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Czartkowo	Poland
country	Zamušani (pronounced (ˈzaːmuʃani)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorišnica in northeastern Slovenia.	Zamušani	Slovenia
country	The Republic of Bouillon was a short-lived French client republic, around the city of Bouillon in present-day Belgium, based on the duchy of Bouillon, which had existed between France and the Austrian Netherlands since the 15th century.	Republic of Bouillon	Belgium
country	Farikah (Arabic: فريكة‎, also spelled Frikka, Freikeh or Furaykah) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located north of Hama.	Farikah	Syria
country	Chubanluy-e Sofla (Persian: چوبانلوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chūbānlūy-e Soflá; also known as Chūpānlū-ye Pā’īn, Chūpānlū-ye Soflá, and Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Lakestan Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chubanluy-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bagh-e Fakhruiyeh (Persian: باغ فخروييه‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Fakhrū’īyeh, Bāgh Fakhrū’īyeh, and Bāgh Fakhrūyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Fakhruiyeh	Iran
country	Padarvand-e Olya (Persian: پادروندعليا‎‎, also Romanized as Pādarvand-e ``Olyā; also known as Bādervand-e ``Olyā) is a village in Rumiani Rural District, Suri District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 645, in 121 families.	Padarvand-e Olya	Iran
country	Taylor-Stace Cottage, built in 1847, is the oldest surviving house of European origin in the Wellington region of New Zealand.	Taylor-Stace Cottage	New Zealand
country	Bankstown Central Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre situated in Bankstown, in the central business district of the City of Bankstown, in the suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Bankstown Central Shopping Centre	Australia
country	The Zechstein Sea occupied the region of what is now the North Sea, plus lowland areas of Britain and the north European plain through Germany and Poland.	Zechstein	Germany
country	Marale is a municipality in the department of Francisco Morazán, Honduras.	Marale	Honduras
country	Qishn (Arabic: قشن‎) is a coastal town in Al Mahrah Governorate, seat of Qishn District in southern Yemen.	Qishn	Yemen
country	The Lokomotiv-Versuchsamt Grunewald or LVA ('Grunewald Locomotive Research Office') was a facility established from 1920 to 1945 at Berlin-Grunewald in Germany that conducted trials on railway vehicles.	Lokomotiv-Versuchsamt Grunewald	Germany
country	Boe Constituency is one of the constituencies of Nauru.	Boe Constituency	Nauru
country	Meudon (French pronunciation: ​(mø.dɔ̃)) is a municipality in the southwestern suburbs of Paris, France.	Meudon	France
country	Hasselkopf is a mountain on the southern periphery of Braunlage, Germany.	Hasselkopf	Germany
country	Ebensee is a market town in the Traunviertel region of the Austrian state of Upper Austria, located within the Salzkammergut Mountains at the southern end of the Traunsee.	Ebensee	Austria
country	The Karara mine is a large iron mine located in western Australia in Pilbara.	Karara mine	Australia
country	Bella Center (abbreviated BC) is Scandinavia's largest exhibition and conference center, and is located in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Bella Center	Denmark
country	Club Français won the 1896 USFSA Football Championship and Coupe de France Final 1931.	Club Français	France
country	Karadeniz Technical University (Turkish: Karadeniz Teknik Üniversitesi), is a public research university in Trabzon, in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Karadeniz Technical University	Turkey
country	Vayeh Beyk (Persian: وايه بك‎, also Romanized as Vāyeh Beyk and Vāyeh Beyg; also known as Vāybek) is a village in Najmabad Rural District, in the Central District of Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Vayeh Beyk	Iran
country	Venda Nova do Imigrante is a municipality, with a capital of the same name, in east central Espírito Santo, Brazil.	Venda Nova do Imigrante	Brazil
country	Simpelveld (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsɪmpəlˌvɛlt); Limburgish: Zumpelveld) is a municipality and a town in the southeastern Netherlands.	Simpelveld	Netherlands
country	Koren (village) is a village in the municipality of Haskovo, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.	Koren (village)	Bulgaria
country	The Jardin botanique d'Auvergne (9 hectares), also known as the Jardin botanique d'essais de Royat-Charade, is a new botanical garden located in Charade, Royat, Puy-de-Dôme, Auvergne, France.	Jardin botanique d'Auvergne	France
country	Kot Ram Chand is a village in Pakistan on the M4 motorway, 30 kilometers from Faisalabad.	Kot Ram Chand	Pakistan
country	Resthills Park is a multi-use sports venue located in Hamilton, New Zealand.	Resthills Park	New Zealand
country	The Shelbourne Hotel is a famous hotel situated in a landmark building on the north side of St Stephen's Green, in Dublin, Ireland.	Shelbourne Hotel	Ireland
country	Tazeh Kand-e Davudlu (Persian: تازه كندداودلو‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Dāvūdlū; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Davudlu	Iran
country	Sântana (Romanian pronunciation: (sɨnˈtana); German: Neusanktanna; Hungarian: Újszentanna) is a town in north-western Romania, in the county of Arad.	Sântana	Romania
country	In 1895 the left bank of Darvaz was transferred to Afghanistan as part of a border agreement.	Darvaz	Afghanistan
country	Kolu Deh (Persian: كلوده‎, also Romanized as Kolū Deh and Kaloodeh; also known as Kulede) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kolu Deh	Iran
country	Uvdal Stave Church is situated at Uvdal in Nore and Uvdal municipality, which is in the valley Numedal in Norway.	Uvdal Stave Church	Norway
country	Bohot (Bulgarian: Бохот) is a village in northern Bulgaria.	Bohot	Bulgaria
country	Wólka Strobowska (ˈvulka strɔˈbɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wólka Strobowska	Poland
country	The Villa Hügel is a mansion in Bredeney (part of the modern city of Essen) in Germany.	Villa Hügel	Germany
country	Uzgen (also Ozgon or Özgön and Uzkand or Uzkend, Kyrgyz: Өзгөн, Özgön; Russian: Узген) is a town in Osh Region, Kyrgyzstan.	Uzgen	Kyrgyzstan
country	Oshrat (Hebrew: אָשְׁרַת) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Oshrat	Israel
country	Bambafouga is a town in mid southern Guinea.	Bambafouga	Guinea
country	Christchurch Girls' High School in Christchurch, New Zealand, was established in 1877 and is the second oldest girls' secondary school in the country (Otago Girls' High School is older).	Christchurch Girls' High School	New Zealand
country	Southampton Solent University is a British university of approximately 18,500 students based in Southampton, United Kingdom.	Southampton Solent University	United Kingdom
country	Port-Salut is a coastal commune in the Sud Department of Haiti .	Port-Salut	Haiti
country	The Coega Wind Farm is a wind farm in Coega, an Industrial Development Zone (IDZ) covering 110 km² of land, that is situated within the Nelson Mandela Metropolitan Municipality near Port Elizabeth, in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Coega Wind Farm	South Africa
country	Sąjūdis (initially known as the Reform Movement of Lithuania, Lithuanian: Lietuvos Persitvarkymo Sąjūdis) is the political organization which led the struggle for Lithuanian independence in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Sąjūdis	Lithuania
country	Ibagwa-Aka is a community located North of the great University of Nigeria, Nsukka.	Ibagwa-Aka	Nigeria
country	Krakowskie Przedmieście (Polish pronunciation: (kraˈkɔfskʲɛ pʂɛdˈmjɛɕt͡ɕɛ), literally: Kraków suburb; French: Faubourg de Cracovie) is one of the best known and most prestigious streets of Poland's capital, surrounded by historic palaces, churches and manor-houses.	Krakowskie Przedmieście	Poland
country	The Diourbel Region (Serer and Cangin: Jurbel) is a region of Senegal.	Diourbel Region	Senegal
country	Mariscal Sucre International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Mariscal Sucre) (IATA: JTC, ICAO: SEQQ) was the main international airport serving Quito, Pichincha Province, Ecuador.	Mariscal Sucre International Airport	Ecuador
country	Bugaj Dmeniński (ˈbuɡai̯ dmɛˈniɲski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bugaj Dmeniński	Poland
country	Koviahy (Ukrainian: Ков'яги) is urban-type settlement in the Valky Raion (district) of the Kharkiv Oblast in eastern Ukraine.	Koviahy	Ukraine
country	Sar Mur-e Kukhdan (Persian: سرموركوخدان‎, also Romanized as Sar Mūr-e Kūkhdān; also known as Sar Mūr) is a village in Dana Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Mur-e Kukhdan	Iran
country	The Ticketpro Dome (previously known as the Coca-Cola Dome and MTN Sundome) is an event venue located in the north of Johannesburg, South Africa.	Ticketpro Dome	South Africa
country	Žerjavka (pronounced (ʒɛˈɾjaːu̯ka)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Žerjavka	Slovenia
country	Parents for Education Foundation or PAREF is an educational foundation established by parents that administers schools for basic education in the Philippines.	Parents for Education Foundation	Philippines
country	Bhag (Urdu: بھاگ‎) is a city located in Kachhi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Bhag	Pakistan
country	Orzeszyn (ɔˈʐɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Orzeszyn	Poland
country	Hohlenstein-Stadel is a cave located at N 48° 32' 57.57`` and E 10° 10' 20.75'' in the Hohlenstein cliff (not to be confused with the Hohle Fels) at the southern rim of the Lonetal (Lone valley) in the Swabian Alps in Germany.	Hohlenstein-Stadel	Germany
country	Angelburg is a community in western Marburg-Biedenkopf in northwest Middle Hesse in Germany.	Angelburg	Germany
country	Billafingen is a village that is part of Owingen in the Bodensee district, Germany, close to Überlingen.	Billafingen	Germany
country	Ghawr Gharbiyah (Arabic: غور غربية‎, also spelled Ghor Gharbiya or Ghouri) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, northwest of Homs.	Ghawr Gharbiyah	Syria
country	Blackburn Hamlet is a suburban community in Innes Ward, in the east end of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Blackburn Hamlet	Canada
country	Krageholm Castle (Swedish: Krageholms slott) is a castle in Ystad Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Krageholm Castle	Sweden
country	The Swedish Football Association (Swedish: Svenska Fotbollförbundet; SvFF) is the governing and head body of football in Sweden.	Swedish Football Association	Sweden
country	The Platamon Castle (Greek: το κάστρο του Πλαταμώνα) is a Crusader castle (built between 1204 and 1222) in northern Greece and is located southeast of Mount Olympus, in a strategic position which controls the exit of the Tempe valley, through which passes the main road connecting Macedonia with Thessaly and southern Greece.	Platamon Castle	Greece
country	Boluran (Persian: بلوران‎, also Romanized as Bolūrān) is a village in Boluran Rural District, Darb-e Gonbad District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Boluran	Iran
country	Rolea B'ier District (Khmer: ស្រុករលាប្អៀរ) is a district (srok) in the center of Kampong Chhnang Province, in central Cambodia.	Rolea B'ier District	Cambodia
country	Kreuzlingen District is one of the five districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.	Kreuzlingen District	Switzerland
country	Puskás Ferenc Labdarugó Akadémia, commonly known as Puskás Akadémia FC or simply Puskás Akadémia, are the youth team of Videoton, in Felcsút, Hungary.	Puskás Akadémia FC	Hungary
country	Taza (Berber: ⵜⴰⵣⴰ, Taza, in Arabic: تازة) is a city in northern Morocco, which occupies the corridor between the Rif mountains and Middle Atlas mountains, about 120 km east of Fez.	Taza	Morocco
country	The Liceo classico Jacopo Stellini is a classical lyceum in Udine, Italy, founded in 1808.	Liceo classico Jacopo Stellini	Italy
country	Lyne is a small town with a population of 235 (1 January 2014) in southwest Denmark on the peninsula of Jutland.	Lyne	Denmark
country	Cerkno (pronounced (ˈtseːɾknɔ); Italian: Circhina, German: Kirchheim) is a small town in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Cerkno	Slovenia
country	Seh Barar (Persian: سه برار‎, also Romanized as Seh Barār; also known as Seh Barādar) is a village in Lajran Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Seh Barar	Iran
country	Kihikihi, a small town located in the Waikato region of the North Island of New Zealand, serves as a satellite community of Te Awamutu, five kilometres to the north, and lies 35 kilometres south of Hamilton.	Kihikihi	New Zealand
country	Botanical Garden of the Comenius University (Slovak: Botanická záhrada UK) is the only botanical garden in Bratislava the capital of Slovakia.	Botanical Garden of the Comenius University	Slovakia
country	The JEATH War Museum (Thai: พิพิธภัณฑ์อักษะเชลยศึก) is one of two war museums in Thailand about the Death Railway built from 1942 to 1943 by Allied POWs under the direction of the Japanese, a part of the famous Thai-Burma railways.	JEATH War Museum	Thailand
country	Tropojë Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Tropojës) is a small mountain lake in the Prokletije mountains in western Kosovo, only 180m from the Albanian border.	Tropojë Lake	Kosovo
country	Draga pri Sinjem Vrhu (pronounced (ˈdɾaːɡa pɾi ˈsiːnjɛm ˈʋəɾxu)) is a small settlement south of Sinji Vrh in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Draga pri Sinjem Vrhu	Slovenia
country	Bębnowo (bɛmbˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bębnowo	Poland
country	Tunnelbacken previously named Ålidbacken is a residential area in Umeå, Sweden.	Ålidbacken	Sweden
country	Otzoloapan Municipality is a municipality located at the southeast of the State of Mexico.	Otzoloapan	Mexico
country	Bogale Township (Burmese: ဘိုကလေးမြို့နယ် (bòɡəlé mjo̰nɛ̀)) is a township of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Burma (Myanmar).	Bogale Township	Myanmar
country	Moščanci (in older sources also Moštjanci, Hungarian: Musznya) is a village in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Moščanci	Slovenia
country	San Sai Luang (Thai: สันทรายหลวง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Sai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	San Sai Luang	Thailand
country	The Township of Muskoka Lakes is an area municipality of the District Municipality of Muskoka, Ontario, Canada.	Muskoka Lakes	Canada
country	Tir Tash (Persian: تيرتاش‎, also Romanized as Tīr Tāsh) is a village in Kolbad-e Sharqi Rural District, Kolbad District, Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tir Tash	Iran
country	Ferreira Gomes is a municipality located in the center of the state of Amapá in Brazil.	Ferreira Gomes	Brazil
country	St. Catherine International Airport (IATA: SKV, ICAO: HESC) is an airport serving St. Catherine (or St. Katherine), Saint Katherine city in the South Sinai Governorate of Egypt.	St. Catherine International Airport	Egypt
country	Wallace Station is a small farming community located in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Wallace Station	Canada
country	Walga Rock``Walgahna Rock'' is claimed to be the second largest monolith in Australia.	Walga Rock	Australia
country	Borzysławiec (bɔʐɨˈswavjɛt͡s) (German: Louisenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Borzysławiec	Poland
country	Xaspoladoba (also, Khaspoladoba and Khaspolatoba) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xaspoladoba	Azerbaijan
country	HB Studios is a Canadian video game developer founded in 2000 and located in Nova Scotia, Canada.	HB Studios	Canada
country	Squat Milada was one of the Czech Republic's most well known squats, located in the Libeň district of Prague.	Squat Milada	Czech Republic
country	Ibn-e-Imam Degree Science College or Ibn-e-Imam Science College (Urdu: ابن امام ڈگری سائنس کالج‎ Western Punjabi: ابن امام ڈگری ساینس کالج) is a college located at Jalalpur Jattan, Punjab, Pakistan.	Ibn-e-Imam Degree Science College	Pakistan
country	Guemar (Arabic: ﻗﻤﺎر‎) is a Saharan oasis town in Algeria near the Tunisian border, in the Oued Souf area of the El Oued Province, about 20 km north of El Oued.	Guemar	Algeria
country	The Charlottenburg Canal, or Charlottenburger Verbindungskanal in German, is a canal in Berlin, Germany.	Charlottenburg Canal	Germany
country	Gəngərli (Armenian: Կենգերլի, also Kengerli and Kengorli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gəngərli	Azerbaijan
country	Kolar Plateau lies to the south Karnataka, formerly Mysore state, in Southern India.	Kolar Plateau	India
country	Angol Los Confines Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Angol Los Confines, ICAO: SCGO) is a public use airport located 1.82 kilometres (1 mi) east of Angol, La Araucanía, Chile.	Angol Los Confines Airport	Chile
country	Hesar-e Hajji Esmail (Persian: حصارحاجي اسماعيل‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Ḩājjī Esmāʿīl; also known as Ḩeşār) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Hajji Esmail	Iran
country	Artsvaberd (Armenian: Արծվաբերդ) is a town in the Tavush province of Armenia.	Artsvaberd	Armenia
country	The Estuary of Bilbao (Spanish: Ría de Bilbao / Basque: Bilboko Itsasadarra) lies at the common mouth of the rivers Nervion, Ibaizabal and Cadagua, that drain most of Biscay and part of Alava in the Basque Country, Spain.	Estuary of Bilbao	Spain
country	Trémorel (Breton: Tremorae, Gallo: Termorae) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Trémorel	France
country	Marsimik La or Marsimek La, elevation 5,582 metres (18,314 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Chang-Chemno Range in northern India 96 km (60 mi) east of Leh, though much more by road.	Marsimik La	India
country	Aligrama is one of the historical towns of Swat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Aligrama	Pakistan
country	Padalio River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Khambhaliya hills.	Padalio River	India
country	The New Era Party (Latvian: Jaunais laiks, JL) was a centre-right political party in Latvia.	New Era Party	Latvia
country	Spodnje Vetrno (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈʋeːtəɾnɔ); in older sources also Spodnje Veterne, German: Unterveterne) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnje Vetrno	Slovenia
country	Sustut Peak, 2481 m (8140 ft), prominence: 1231 m, is the highest summit in the drainage of the Sustut River in British Columbia, Canada.	Sustut Peak	Canada
country	Chulalongkorn Bridge (Thai: สะพานจุฬาลงกรณ์) is a three-span railway bridge in Thailand.	Chulalongkorn Bridge	Thailand
country	Campos del Tuyú National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Campos del Tuyú) is a national park in Argentina, in Buenos Aires Province.	Campos del Tuyú National Park	Argentina
country	Gelmandan (Persian: گل مندان‎, also Romanized as Gelmandān; also known as Gelmand and Kalmandān) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gelmandan	Iran
country	Krzywiń (ˈkʂɨvʲiɲ) (German: Kriewen) is a small town in the centre of Poland in the Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, located at the Obra canal.	Krzywiń	Poland
country	Faruj (Persian: فاروج‎, also Romanized as Fārūj; also known as Fārij) is a city in and the capital of Faruj County, in North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Faruj	Iran
country	Sapotskin (Belarusian: Сапоцкін, Russian: Сопоцкин, Polish: Sopoćkinie) is a small town in Belarus, 27 km (16.8 mi) north-east of Hrodna with circa 2,000 inhabitants.	Sapotskin	Belarus
country	Rakeh (Persian: راكه‎, also Romanized as Rākeh; also known as Rakbeh) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rakeh	Iran
country	Hatirjheel (Bengali: হাতিরঝিল; Bengali pronunciation: (ɦat̪ir dʒʱil), English /ˈhɑːtiːˌdʒhɪl/; also known as Hatirjheel-Begunbari) is a lakefront in Dhaka, Bangladesh that has been transformed into transportation hub to minimize traffic congestion.	Hatirjheel	Bangladesh
country	Stevns Peninsula is a peninsula on Sjælland in Denmark.	Stevns Peninsula	Denmark
country	Chahardeh-ye Bala (Persian: چهارده بالا‎, also Romanized as Chahārdeh-e Bālā; also known as Chārdeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahardeh-ye Bala	Iran
country	Djokupunda, also spelt Djoko Punda and known in colonial times as Charlesville, is a small town in the Kasai-Occidental province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Djokupunda	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Cape Shackleton is a cape in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Cape Shackleton	Greenland
country	Nowe Wolkowo (ˈnɔvɛ vɔlˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowe Wolkowo	Poland
country	San Miguel Chapultepec is a colonia or neighborhood in Delegación Miguel Hidalgo in Mexico City.	San Miguel Chapultepec	Mexico
country	Kimovsk (Russian: Ки́мовск) is a town and the administrative center of Kimovsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia, located at the watershed of the Don and Volga Rivers, 77 kilometers (48 mi) southeast of Tula, the administrative center of the oblast.	Kimovsk	Russia
country	NU 107 Cebu is a defunct FM station of Progressive Broadcasting Corporation and current internet radio station in the Philippines.	NU 107 Cebu	Philippines
country	Nha Ho (Vietnamese: Nha Hố) is a village of Ninh Sơn District, Ninh Thuận Province in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Nha Hố	Vietnam
country	Hagia Irene or Hagia Eirene (Greek: Ἁγία Εἰρήνη, ``Holy Peace'', Turkish: Aya İrini), sometimes known also as Saint Irene, is an Eastern Orthodox church located in the outer courtyard of Topkapı Palace in Istanbul, Turkey.	Hagia Irene	Turkey
country	Yengema Airport (IATA: WYE, ICAO: GFYE) is a regional airport located in Yengema, Kono District, Sierra Leone.	Yengema Airport	Sierra Leone
country	Ağlasun (from Greek Αγαλασσός Agalassos, in turn from Koine Greek Σαγαλασσός Sagalassos, in turn from Hittite Salawassa) is a town and district of Burdur Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey.	Ağlasun	Turkey
country	The Geelong Falcons are a youth Australian rules football representative club in the TAC Cup competition, Victoria, Australia.	Geelong Falcons	Australia
country	The Shevchenko mine is a large mine in the north-west of Kazakhstan.	Shevchenko mine	Kazakhstan
country	Stronie Śląskie (ˈstrɔɲɛ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ) (German: Seitenberg) is a town in Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stronie Śląskie	Poland
country	Thirumangalakudi is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu, India.	Thirumangalakudi	India
country	Krông Na is a commune in the Buôn Đôn District of Đắk Lắk Province, Vietnam, not far from the Cambodia border.	Krông Na	Vietnam
country	Upernavik Glacier (Greenlandic: Sermeq, Danish: Upernavik isstrøm) is a large tidewater glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality on the northwestern shore of Greenland.	Upernavik Glacier	Greenland
country	Qarah Khan Beyglu (Persian: قره خان بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Qarah Khān Beyglū and Qareh Khān Beyglū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qarah Khan Beyglu	Iran
country	THSR Taoyuan Station (高鐵桃園站) is an underground station of the Taiwan High Speed Rail located in Zhongli District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	THSR Taoyuan Station	Taiwan
country	The Natural Sciences Research Institute (NSRI) is one of seven research and academic institutes of the University of the Philippines Diliman College of Science.	Natural Sciences Research Institute	Philippines
country	Yan Chai Hospital opened its doors to patients on 28 August 1973, and was officially opened on 24 October 1973 by the Hong Kong Governor, Murray MacLehose.	Yan Chai Hospital	Hong Kong
country	The Thuringian Gate (German: Thüringer Pforte) near Sachsenburg, a district of Oldisleben, west of Heldrungen in central Germany, is where the gorge of the river Unstrut breaks out of the Thuringian Basin through the Hainleite and Schmücke hills to the north.	Thuringian Gate	Germany
country	Killara is a suburb on the Upper North Shore of Sydney in the state of New South Wales, Australia 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) north of the Sydney Central Business District in the local government area of Ku-ring-gai Council.	Killara	Australia
country	Islas de Santa Fe National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Islas de Santa Fe) is a national park of Argentina.	Islas de Santa Fe National Park	Argentina
country	Lime Cay is the main islet of the Port Royal Cays off Port Royal, Jamaica, located in the northeast of the reef.	Lime Cay	Jamaica
country	Loha Mandi is the residential and commercial hub of the city of Agra, India.	Loha Mandi	India
country	Aïn Tolba is a municipality in northwestern Algeria.	Aïn Tolba	Algeria
country	Baichung Stadium is a football stadium in Namchi, the district headquarters of South Sikkim district in the state of Sikkim, India.	Baichung Stadium	India
country	The small peninsula, or promontory, Dyrhólaey (0.192 Miles / 120 meters) (formerly known as ``Cape Portland'' by seamen) is located on the south coast of Iceland, not far from the village Vík.	Dyrhólaey	Iceland
country	The Shire of Laidley was a local government area located in the Lockyer Valley region between the cities of Toowoomba and Ipswich, and about 70 kilometres (43 mi) west of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.	Shire of Laidley	Australia
country	The Wehlgrund in Saxon Switzerland in Eastern Germany is a right-hand, side valley of the Amselgrund, between the Bastei massif and the Kleiner Gans.	Wehlgrund	Germany
country	Arpunk (Armenian: Արփունք; also Romanized as Arp’unk'' and Arpunq; formerly Kyasaman, until 1978 Bagar and Bahar) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Arpunk	Armenia
country	Wręcza (ˈvrɛnt͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wręcza	Poland
country	Pilauco Bajo is an archaeological site located in the city of Osorno in Southern Chile.	Pilauco Bajo	Chile
country	Ottawa Technical High School, more often known as Ottawa Tech, was a high school in Ottawa, Canada that originally specialized in vocational programs.	Ottawa Technical High School	Canada
country	The Santo Rosario de Pasig Church, formerly Immaculate Conception Cathedral Parish, is a Roman Catholic church in Pasig, Philippines.	Santo Rosario de Pasig Church	Philippines
country	Sorkheh Mehri (Persian: سرخه ميري‎, also Romanized as Sorkheh Mehrī) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sorkheh Mehri	Iran
country	Vinska Gorica (pronounced (ˈʋiːnska ɡɔˈɾiːtsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobrna in Slovenia.	Vinska Gorica	Slovenia
country	Avrig (Romanian pronunciation: (aˈvriɡ); German: Freck, Hungarian: Felek) is a town in the Sibiu County, Romania.	Avrig	Romania
country	Bankura (pron: bænˈkʊərə) is a city and a municipality in Bankura District in the state of West Bengal, India.	Bankura	India
country	Pays Plat Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNM7), was located near to Pays Plat, Ontario Canada.	Pays Plat Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Jacksons Landing is the name of a residential and commercial property development located on the northern peninsula of Pyrmont, an inner suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Jacksons Landing	Australia
country	Café Opera is a café and nightclub in Stockholm, Sweden in the Opera building and part of the Opera Cellar.	Café Opera	Sweden
country	There are two mountains called Shaviklde (Georgian: შავიკლდე, meaning ``Black Cliff'') in Georgia: at an elevation of 3,578 m, at 42°15′14``N 45°37′9''E, at the border to Dagestan at an elevation of 2,850 meters, the highest peak of the Trialeti Range.	Shaviklde	Georgia
country	The Chambri Lakes are a series of swamps and canals in the East Sepik Province of Papua New Guinea that are seasonally filled by the flooding of the Sepik River.	Chambri Lakes	Papua New Guinea
country	Gurgulyat (Bulgarian: Гургулят) is a village in Slivnitsa Municipality, Sofia Province, located in western Bulgaria approximately 10 km south of the town of Slivnitsa.	Gurgulyat	Bulgaria
country	The Mud Islands reserve is located within Port Phillip, about 90 km south-west of Melbourne, Australia, lying 10 km inside Port Phillip Heads, 7 km north of Portsea and 9 km east of Queenscliff.	Mud Islands	Australia
country	Te Rauparaha Arena is a multi-purpose indoor sports and entertainment centre in Porirua, New Zealand.	Te Rauparaha Arena	New Zealand
country	Maynooth railway station serves the town of Maynooth in north County Kildare, Ireland.	Maynooth railway station	Ireland
country	Ulverston Canal, which is no longer navigable, is claimed to be the deepest, widest and shortest canal in the United Kingdom at 1¼ miles.	Ulverston	United Kingdom
country	The School of St Jude is a charity funded school that provides a free, high-quality primary and secondary education to the poorest and brightest children of Arusha region, Tanzania, East Africa.	School of St Jude	Tanzania
country	The Edge 96.ONE (call sign: 2ONE) is a music radio station based in outer Sydney, Australia, but licensed to Katoomba.	The Edge 96.ONE	Australia
country	The Canton of Bécherel is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the northwest of the department.	Canton of Bécherel	France
country	Lake Kovdozero (Russian: Ковдозеро) is a large freshwater lake in the southern Murmansk Oblast, northwestern part of Russia.	Lake Kovdozero	Russia
country	John Crehan Park is a multi-use stadium in the southern part of Wollongong, Australia.	John Crehan Park	Australia
country	Chervonohorod or Chervone (until 1970 Ukrainian: Червоне, formerly Ukrainian: Червоногород, Polish: Czerwonogród), meaning ``Red Town'' (from the color of the earth), is a former town in Zalischyky Raion, Ternopil Oblast of Ukraine, that was part of the municipal district of Nyrkiv (Ни́рків).	Chervonohorod	Ukraine
country	Düz Qırıqlı (also, Düz Qıraqlı, Dyuz-Kyrykhly, and Dyuzkyrykly) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Düz Qırıqlı	Azerbaijan
country	Lungro is also part of the largest nature reserve in Italy, the Pollino National Park.	Lungro	Italy
country	The Bugun River (Kazakh: Бөген) is a river of southern Kazakhstan.	Bugun River	Kazakhstan
country	Kielce Bus Station (Polish: Dworzec PKS w Kielcach) is a bus station in Kielce, Poland, currently operated by the PKS 2 company.	Kielce Bus Station	Poland
country	The Hunku Glacier is located in the Khumbu of eastern Nepal and forms the southern base of Baruntse (7,220 m).	Hunku Glacier	Nepal
country	Fervença River (Portuguese: Rio Fervença) is a river in Portugal.	Fervença River	Portugal
country	The Seetal railway line (German: Seetalbahn) is a 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in) (standard-gauge) railway of the Swiss Federal Railways between Lenzburg and Lucerne in Switzerland.	Seetal railway line	Switzerland
country	Sochaczew (sɔˈxat͡ʂɛf) is a city in central Poland, with 38,300 inhabitants (2004).	Sochaczew	Poland
country	Sail Rock, or Parus Rock (Russian: скала́ Па́рус, Skala Parus), is a natural sandstone monolith of late Cretaceous age located on the shore of the Black Sea, in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Sail Rock	Russia
country	Chergui (Arabic: شرقي‎) is the largest of the Kerkennah Islands off the north coast of Tunisia.	Chergui	Tunisia
country	Abejones (Spanish: meaning ``beetles'', from abejón) is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico.	Abejones	Mexico
country	The Church of Notre-Dame, Versailles (French: Église Notre-Dame de Versailles) is a parish church in Versailles, Yvelines, France, in the Rue de la Paroisse.	Church of Notre-Dame, Versailles	France
country	Babuljice (Serbian: Бабуљице) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Babuljice	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Soreiller hut (Refuge du Soreiller) is a hut in the Massif du Soreiller above the village of Les Étages, in the commune of Saint-Christophe-en-Oisans, France.	Soreiller hut	France
country	Wilczy Dół (ˈvilt͡ʂɨ ˈduu̯) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Wilczy Dół	Poland
country	Sargar Dangah (Persian: سرگردنگاه‎, also Romanized as Sargar Dangāh; also known as Sargar Va Zīrgar) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sargar Dangah	Iran
country	The Soowahlie First Nation, or Soowahlie Band, is a band government of the Sto:lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region at Cultus Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Soowahlie First Nation	Canada
country	Urqu Puñuna (Quechua urqu mountain; male, puñuna bed, ``mountain bed'', hispanicized spelling Orco Puñuna) is a mountain in the western extensions of the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Urqu Puñuna	Peru
country	Bilhaur is a town and a municipal board in Kanpur Nagar district which is situated in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Bilhaur	India
country	Aiguilles Island is an uninhabited island just northeast of Great Barrier Island in the Northland Region of New Zealand.	Aiguilles Island	New Zealand
country	Gomiljani (Serbian Cyrillic: Гомиљани) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gomiljani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Carondelet Reef is a horseshoe-shaped reef of the Phoenix Islands, also known as the Rawaki Islands, in the Republic of Kiribati.	Carondelet Reef	Kiribati
country	Ust-Tsilma Airport (IATA: UTS, ICAO: UUYX) is an airport in the Komi Republic, Russia, located 2 kilometers (1.2 mi) east of the rural locality of Ust-Tsilma in Ust-Tsilemsky District.	Ust-Tsilma Airport	Russia
country	Balahovit (Armenian: Բալահովիտ, also Romanized as Balaovit; formerly until 1968, Mgub, Mekhub, and Mehub) is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Balahovit	Armenia
country	Forme (pronounced (ˈfoːɾmɛ); German: Formach) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Forme	Slovenia
country	Ten Mile Junction Depot is a depot for LRT trains serving the Bukit Panjang LRT in Singapore.	Ten Mile Junction Depot	Singapore
country	Brno hlavní nádraží (translated from Czech as Brno main railway station and abbreviated Brno hl. n.) is the principal railway station in Brno, the largest city in the South Moravian Region and second largest in the Czech Republic.	Brno hlavní nádraží	Czech Republic
country	Altos de Chavón is a re-creation of a mediterranean style European village located atop the Chavón River in La Romana, Dominican Republic.	Altos de Chavón	Dominican Republic
country	Alkara is a small village in the Barnala district in the state of Punjab, India.	Alkara	India
country	Grand-Hornu is an old industrial mining complex in Hornu in the municipality of Boussu, Belgium.	Grand-Hornu	Belgium
country	Hvitfeldtska gymnasiet, the ``Hvitfeldtska High School'' (gymnasium), is located in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Hvitfeldtska gymnasiet	Sweden
country	St. Henry's Cathedral in Helsinki, Finland, is dedicated to Henry, Bishop of Uppsala.	St. Henry's Cathedral	Finland
country	Nowy Klukom (ˈnɔvɨ ˈklukɔm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowy Klukom	Poland
country	Jumièges Abbey was a Benedictine monastery, situated in the commune of Jumièges in the Seine-Maritime département, in Normandy, France.	Jumièges Abbey	France
country	Nagem (Luxembourgish: Nojem) is a village in the commune of Redange, in western Luxembourg.	Nagem	Luxembourg
country	Somerville School, Greater Noida is a private school in the National Capital Region, India.	Somerville School, Greater Noida	India
country	Beenleigh Rum is one of Australia's oldest brands of rum.	Beenleigh Rum	Australia
country	Arghatosh is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.	Arghatos	Nepal
country	Chudobczyce (xudɔpˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chudobczyce	Poland
country	Hornád (Slovak, pronounced (ˈɦornaːt)) or Hernád (Hungarian, pronounced (ˈhɛrnaːd)) is a river in eastern Slovakia and north-eastern Hungary.	Hornád	Slovakia	Hungary
country	Przypkowscy Clock Museum (Polish: Państwowe Muzeum im. Przypkowskich w Jędrzejowie) is a clock museum in Jędrzejów, Poland.	Przypkowscy Clock Museum	Poland
country	The Aarhus Custom House (Toldkammeret) is located on the harbour front in Aarhus, Denmark.	Aarhus Custom House	Denmark
country	Deghdzavan (Armenian: Դեղձավան) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Deghdzavan	Armenia
country	Pyongyang Sunan International Airport (IATA: FNJ, ICAO: ZKPY) is the main airport serving Pyongyang, capital of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea).	Pyongyang Sunan International Airport	North Korea
country	Robinson Crusoe House (German: Robinson-Crusoe-Haus) is a stepped-gabled house on Böttcherstraße in the old town district of Bremen, Germany.	Robinson Crusoe House	Germany
country	Anjidan (Persian: انجيدن‎, also Romanized as Anjīdān) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Anjidan	Iran
country	Skärte is a nature reserve in Varberg Municipality, Sweden.	Skärte	Sweden
country	Manapouri is a small town in Southland / Fiordland, in the southwest corner of the South Island, in New Zealand.	Manapouri	New Zealand
country	The Kola Peninsula (from Northern Sami: Guoládat; Russian: Ко́льский полуо́стров, Kolsky poluostrov) is a peninsula in the far northwest of Russia.	Kola Peninsula	Russia
country	Borðeyri is a small hamlet in north-west Iceland.	Borðeyri	Iceland
country	Roitzsch is a village and a former municipality in the district of Anhalt-Bitterfeld, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Roitzsch	Germany
country	Satau is a village in the Chobe District of Botswana, at 18°0′45`` south and 24°24′22'' east.	Satau	Botswana
country	Las Garzas is a village located in Marchigue, Cardenal Caro Province, Chile, near Pichilemu.	Las Garzas	Chile
country	Meena Estate is a residential area which was promoted by the Coimbatore Corporation in the State of Tamil Nadu, India.	Meena Estate	India
country	Kryntyata (Ukrainian: Кринтята, Polish: Kręciata) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Kryntyata	Ukraine
country	Radom Airport (IATA: RDO, ICAO: EPRA), also known as Radom-Sadków Airport is a civil and military airport in central Poland, located approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) east of Radom city center.	Radom Airport	Poland
country	Anuppur is a town in northeastern Madhya Pradesh state of central India.	Anuppur	India
country	Jeju High School (Hangul: 제주고등학교) is a public high school located in Jeju City, South Korea.	Jeju High School	South Korea
country	Przewodowo-Majorat (pʂɛvɔˈdɔvɔ maˈjɔrat) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przewodowo-Majorat	Poland
country	The Orthodox Church of the Icon of Our Lady of Częstochowa (Polish: Cerkiew Częstochowskiej Ikony Matki Bożej w Częstochowie) is an Eastern Orthodox church in Poland honoring the Icon of Our Lady of Częstochowa, considered to be one of the country's national symbols.	Orthodox Church of the Icon of Our Lady of Częstochowa	Poland
country	Vrtovin (pronounced (ʋəɾtɔˈʋiːn) or (ʋəɾˈtɔːʋin); Italian: Vertovino) is a village on the northern edge of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Vrtovin	Slovenia
country	Rasak (Persian: Rāsk‎, also Romanize as Rāsak, Rāsk, and Rāzk) is a city in and the capital of Sarbaz County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Rasak	Iran
country	The Harbour Rocks Hotel is a heritage-listed 55-room boutique hotel situated in the precinct of The Rocks, in Sydney, Australia.	Harbour Rocks Hotel	Australia
country	Cape Capricorn is a coastal headland on Curtis Island, Gladstone Region, Queensland, Australia.	Cape Capricorn	Australia
country	Kommandodrif Dam is an earth-fill/rockfill type dam located on the Tarka River, near Cradock, Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Kommandodrif Dam	South Africa
country	Stalag VI-C was a World War II German POW camp located 6 km west of the village Oberlangen in Emsland in north-western Germany.	Stalag VI-C	Germany
country	Bala Mahalleh-ye Golrudbar (Persian: بالامحله گلرودبار‎, also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Golrūdbār and Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Gol-e Rūdbār) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Mahalleh-ye Golrudbar	Iran
country	Garjur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	Garjur	India
country	The Black Sea Region (Turkish: Karadeniz Bölgesi) is a geographical region of Turkey.	Black Sea Region	Turkey
country	Pekalongan is a city of Central Java, Indonesia.	Pekalongan	Indonesia
country	Momauk (Burmese: မိုးမောက်မြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Myanmar.	Momauk	Myanmar
country	Cabimbao is a Chilean village located in the province of Melipilla, Metropolitana de Santiago Region, Chile.	Cabimbao	Chile
country	Timote is a locality in Carlos Tejedor County, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Timote	Argentina
country	The Carnival of Venice (Italian: Carnevale di Venezia) is an annual festival, held in Venice, Italy.	Carnival of Venice	Italy
country	Arikunte is a Gram panchayat village in Srinivasapura Taluk, Kolar district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Arikunte	India
country	Krzyże (ˈkʂɨʐɛ) (German Kreuzofen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krzyże	Poland
country	Gmina Kołaki Kościelne is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gmina Kołaki Kościelne	Poland
country	Madaba (Arabic: مادبا‎) is the capital city of Madaba Governorate in central Jordan, with a population of about 60,000.	Madaba	Jordan
country	Sodwana Bay National Park, is situated on the Sodwana Bay coast within the iSimangaliso Wetland Park, in the KwaZulu-Natal, province of South Africa.	Sodwana Bay National Park	South Africa
country	Mount Roskill is both a volcanic peak and the suburban area in the city of Auckland, New Zealand.	Mount Roskill	New Zealand
country	Suraż (ˈsuraʂ) is a town in north-eastern Poland situated in the Podlaskie Voivodeship since 1999 and, from 1975 to 1998, in the Białystok Voivodeship.	Suraż	Poland
country	Is Not Magazine was an alternative bi-monthly magazine in the form of a 1.5m x 2m bill poster, produced in Melbourne, Australia.	Is Not Magazine	Australia
country	Olędzkie (ɔˈlɛnt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Olędzkie	Poland
country	The place of birth of Queenborough and Halfway residents was 97.2% United Kingdom, 0.6% Republic of Ireland, 0.4% Germany, 0.3% other Western Europe countries, 0.3% Far East, 0.3% Africa, 0.3% North America, 0.2% South Asia, 0.2% Oceania and 0.1% Middle East.	Queenborough	United Kingdom
country	The Zeche Zollern II/IV (translated: Zollern II/IV Colliery) is located in the northwestern suburb of Bövinghausen of Dortmund, Germany.	Zollern II/IV Colliery	Germany
country	Sadiola is a commune and small town in western Mali, south of Kayes.	Sadiola	Mali
country	Kfar Haim (Hebrew: כְּפַר חַיִּים, lit. Haim Village) is a moshav in central Israel.	Kfar Haim	Israel
country	Ahankoti (Persian: اهن كتي‎, also Romanized as Āhankotī) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ahankoti	Iran
country	Magumu is ward in South Kinangop Division, Kinangop Constituency in Nyandarua County, Kenya.	Magumu	Kenya
country	Hasanabad-e Chenar Sukhteh (Persian: حسن ابادچنارسوخته‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Chenār Sūkhteh; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Ruin Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Chenar Sukhteh	Iran
country	The Action Front for Renewal and Development (French: Front d'action pour le renouveau et le développement, FARD-Alafia) is an political party in Benin.	Action Front for Renewal and Development	Benin
country	Alto Campoo is a ski resort in the Cantabrian Mountains of northern Spain.	Alto Campoo	Spain
country	Hosena (Sorbian:Hóznja) is a section of the town of Senftenberg in Brandenburg, Germany.	Hosena	Germany
country	Dehkalon (Tajik Деҳи Калон, Yaghnobi Декалон or Деҳкалон) is a village in western Tajikistan.	Dehkalon	Tajikistan
country	Wola Kukalska (ˈvɔla kuˈkalska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Kukalska	Poland
country	Zavarijan (Persian: زواري جان‎, also Romanized as Zavārījān; also known as Zawāri Kohneh and Zawāri Kuhneh) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zavarijan	Iran
country	Thisted is a town in Thisted municipality of Region Nordjylland, in Denmark.	Thisted	Denmark
country	The Telemark Museum is located in Kleiva in the older part of Skien, Norway.	Telemark Museum	Norway
country	The Valea Chioarului mine is a large mine in the northwest of Romania in Maramureş County, 30 km south of Baia Mare and 520 km northwest of the capital, Bucharest.	Valea Chioarului mine	Romania
country	Hasvik Church (Norwegian: Hasvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county, Norway.	Hasvik Church	Norway
country	Canadian Family Physician (French: Médecin de famille canadien) is a monthly peer-reviewed open-access medical journal and the official journal of The College of Family Physicians of Canada.	Canadian Family Physician	Canada
country	Sophiahemmet is a private hospital at Norra Djurgården in Stockholm, Sweden.	Sophiahemmet	Sweden
country	Niedarzyno (ɲedaˈʐɨnɔ) (German: Meddersin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Niedarzyno	Poland
country	Hirschholm Palace, also known as Hørsholm Palace, was a royal palace located in present-day Hørsholm municipality just north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Hirschholm Palace	Denmark
country	Sędziszów (sɛnˈd͡ʑiʂuf) is a town in Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, Poland, with 6,830 inhabitants (2004).	Sędziszów	Poland
country	Deskle (pronounced (ˈdeːsklɛ); Italian: Descla) is a settlement on the left bank of the Soča River, opposite Anhovo, in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Deskle	Slovenia
country	Nan Hua Temple (南華寺, Nanhua Si) is the largest Buddhist temple and seminary in Africa, and is situated in the Cultura Park suburb of Bronkhorstspruit, South Africa.	Nan Hua Temple	South Africa
country	Bray Cove Halt railway station served a cove to the south of the town of Bray in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Bray Cove Halt railway station	Ireland
country	Garema Place is a paved outdoor area in Civic, Canberra, Australia, with a number of shops, restaurants and cafes with outdoor dining.	Garema Place	Australia
country	Surk-e Sofla (Persian: سورك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sūrk-e Soflá; also known as Sūrak-e Pā’īn and Sūrk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Nadushan Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Surk-e Sofla	Iran
country	Dubai Gold Souk or Gold Souk (Arabic: سوق الذهب‎), is a traditional market (or souk) in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Gold Souk	United Arab Emirates
country	Amlahah (Persian: املحه‎, also Romanized as Amlaḩah; also known as Amlīḩeh and Melḩeh) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Amlahah	Iran
country	Modelo Museum of Science and Industry (Spanish: Museo Modelo de Ciencia e Industria, MUMCI), is located in Toluca, capital city of Estado de Mexico.	Modelo Museum of Science and Industry	Mexico
country	Kouloukonas (Greek: Κουλούκωνας) is a former municipality in the Rethymno regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Kouloukonas	Greece
country	Cebrones del Río (Spanish pronunciation: (θeˈβɾonez ðel ˈri.o)), Cebrones del Ríu in Leonese language, is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Cebrones del Río	Spain
country	Brodnica Górna (brɔdˈnit͡sa ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Brodnica Górna	Poland
country	Qoldarreh-ye Sofla (Persian: قلدره سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qoldarreh-ye Soflá; also known as Qowldarreh-ye Soflá) is a village in Karaftu Rural District, in the Central District of Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qoldarreh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Bišečki Vrh (pronounced (biˈʃeːtʃki ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trnovska Vas in northeastern Slovenia.	Bišečki Vrh	Slovenia
country	Berbera (Somali: Barbara, Arabic: بربرة‎) is a city in the northwestern Berbera District of Somaliland, a self-declared republic internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia.	Berbera	Somalia
country	Morotai Island Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Pulau Morotai) is a regency of North Maluku province, Indonesia, located on Morotai Island.	Morotai Island Regency	Indonesia
country	Ganaur is a city and a municipal committee in Sonipat district in the state of Haryana, India.	Ganaur	India
country	Piauí (Portuguese pronunciation: (piawˈwi)) is one of the states of Brazil, located in the country's Northeast Region.	Piauí	Brazil
country	The Torre del Mangia is a tower in Siena, in the Tuscany region of Italy.	Torre del Mangia	Italy
country	Tomaž nad Vojnikom (pronounced (tɔˈmaːʃ nad ˈʋoːi̯nikɔm)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Tomaž nad Vojnikom	Slovenia
country	Ryongrim County is a kun, or county, in southeastern Chagang Province, North Korea.	Ryongrim County	North Korea
country	The Kitchen Library is the first non-profit lending library of kitchen appliances in Canada.	The Kitchen Library	Canada
country	Ketchem Island is a small island in south-eastern Australia.	Ketchem Island	Australia
country	St Patrick's Street (Irish: Sráid Naomh Pádraig) is the main shopping street of the city of Cork in the south of Ireland.	St Patrick's Street	Ireland
country	Pravotice (Hungarian: Peres) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Pravotice	Slovakia
country	The Fashloom district is a suburb of Tripoli, Libya.	Fashloom	Libya
country	Schönwald im Schwarzwald is a small village in the Black Forest in Germany.	Schönwald im Schwarzwald	Germany
country	Veravjen-e Olya (Persian: وروجن عليا‎, also Romanized as Veravjen-e ``Olyā; also known as Vīrāvjen) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 284, in 58 families.	Veravjen-e Olya	Iran
country	Quzey (also, Quzay) is a village in the municipality of Nüydü in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Quzey	Azerbaijan
country	The Graian Alps are located in France (Rhône-Alpes), Italy (Piedmont and the Aosta Valley), and Switzerland (western Valais).	Graian Alps	Switzerland
country	Jhinjhana is one of the India Towns located at latitude and longitude of 29° 31' 0`` N / 77° 13' 0'' E. JHINJHANA to Karnal ::- 28.0 KM (about 32 mins.)	Jhinjhana	India
country	Steinsfurt is a village in southwestern Germany, in the Rhine Neckar Area of the Bundesland Baden-Württemberg between Heidelberg and Heilbronn in the district Rhein-Neckar.	Steinsfurt	Germany
country	Kisii County is a county in the former Nyanza Province in southwestern Kenya.	Kisii County	Kenya
country	Gatačko Polje (``Field of Gacko'', Serbian Cyrillic: Гатачко поље) is a karst field within the Gacko municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina, spanning 57--60 km², being ca.	Gatačko Polje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Wiang Kum Kam is an ancient city (Thai: เวียง, wiang, meaning ``walled city'') located in Saraphi District in the northern region of Thailand, around 3 km (1.9 mi) south of the southeastern corner of Chiang Mai's city centre.	Wiang Kum Kam	Thailand
country	Kragerø Station (Norwegian: Kragerø stasjon) was a railway station located in Kragerø, Norway on the Kragerø Line.	Kragerø Station	Norway
country	Žimarice (pronounced (ˈʒiːmaɾitsɛ); in older sources also Žigmarice, German: Schigmaritz) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sodražica in southern Slovenia.	Žimarice	Slovenia
country	Stóra-Björnsfell is an elongated medium-sized tuya located in Iceland.	Stóra-Björnsfell	Iceland
country	In 1972 Jean Sibelius' daughters, Eva, Ruth, Katarina, Margareta, and Heidi, sold Ainola to the State of Finland.	Ainola	Finland
country	Sardinia Nation (Sardinian: Sardigna Natzione, SN) is a minor separatist and democratic-socialist political party in Sardinia, Italy.	Sardinia Nation	Italy
country	Donji Tovarnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Доњи Товарник) is a village in Serbia.	Donji Tovarnik	Serbia
country	Nakkalapalem is one of the villages in the State of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Nakkalapalem	India
country	Lake Maracaibo (Spanish: Lago de Maracaibo) is a large brackish bay in Venezuela.	Lake Maracaibo	Venezuela
country	Makar Sankranti is a Hindu festival celebrated in almost all parts of India, Nepal and Bangladesh in many cultural forms.	Makar Sankranti	India
country	Xirovouni (Greek: Ξηροβούνι) is a former municipality in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Xirovouni	Greece
country	Malounta (Greek: Μαλούντα) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 2 km north of Klirou.	Malounta	Cyprus
country	Molleda is one of seven parishes (administrative divisions) in the Corvera de Asturias municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Molleda	Spain
country	The Ayrault Government was the Government of France headed by Jean-Marc Ayrault.	Ayrault Government	France
country	Charshanga, sometimes written Carsanga or Charshangngy, is a town in Lebap, Turkmenistan.	Charshanga	Turkmenistan
country	Balapitiya is a coastal town, in south west Sri Lanka.	Balapitiya	Sri Lanka
country	Jahra Hospital (Arabic: مستشفى الجهراء‎) is the main public general hospital in Al Jahra Governorate, Kuwait.	Jahra Hospital	Kuwait
country	The Catholic University of Dry Tropic Farming and Livestock (Spanish: Universidad Católica Agropecuaria del Trópico Seco (UCATSE)) is a private catholic university located in Estelí, Nicaragua.	Catholic University of Dry Tropic Farming and Livestock	Nicaragua
country	Norðdepil (pronounced (ˈnɔɹːdeːpɪl); older Danish spelling: Norddeble) is a town on the east coast of the island of Borðoy in the Norðoyar Region of the Faroe Islands.	Norðdepil	Faroe Islands
country	Khafr Rural District (Persian: دهستان خفر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khafr Rural District	Iran
country	Latowice (latɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieroszewice, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Latowice	Poland
country	Khatatba is a town in the Monufia Governorate in Lower Egypt, 43 kilometers north of the Egyptian capital Cairo.	Khatatba	Egypt
country	The Holden Centre (originally known as the Swimming and Diving Stadium and formerly known as the Olympic Swimming Stadium, Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Centre, Lexus Centre and Westpac Centre) is a sports administration and training facility located in the Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct in Melbourne, Australia.	Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Centre	Australia
country	The Astra Chamber Music Society is a concert organisation for choral music and contemporary performance, based in Melbourne, Australia and under the musical direction of John McCaughey.	Astra Chamber Music Society	Australia
country	Galleh Zan (Persian: گله زن‎; also known as Bāserī, Dorāh-e Galehzan, and Solūkolū) is a village in Abarj Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Galleh Zan	Iran
country	Lavasoa-Ambatotsirongorongo Mountains are a mountain chain in southern Madagascar.	Lavasoa-Ambatotsirongorongo Mountains	Madagascar
country	The Acadia River flows Northerly over 82 km through seven municipalities in the MRC La Vallée-du-Richelieu, Les Jardins-de-Napierville and Le Haut-Richelieu, in Montérégie, on the South Shore of St. Lawrence river, the Quebec, Canada.	Acadia River	Canada
country	Amir Kandi (Persian: اميركندي‎, also Romanized as Amīr Kandī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Amir Kandi	Iran
country	Ormiston College, located in Redland City, Queensland, Australia, is an independent, co-educational, non-denominational Christian school, for students from prep to year 12.	Ormiston College	Australia
country	Munch'ŏn Station (Chosŏn'gŭl: 문천역) is a railway station in Munch'ŏn-dong, greater Munch'ŏn city, Kangwŏn province, North Korea, on the Kangwŏn Line of the Korean State Railway.	Munch'ŏn Station	North Korea
country	Bindalsfjorden is a fjord in the southern part of Nordland county, Norway.	Bindalsfjorden	Norway
country	Blennerville Windmill is now Ireland´s only commercially operated windmill in existence.	Blennerville Windmill	Ireland
country	Lutter (Frieda) is a river of Thuringia, Germany.	Lutter (Frieda)	Germany
country	Rzeszów University of Technology, also known as Rzeszów Polytechnic (Polish: Politechnika Rzeszowska im. Ignacego Łukasiewicza, PRz) or Ignacy Łukasiewicz University of Technology, is a state-run institution of higher education in Rzeszów, Poland.	Rzeszów University of Technology	Poland
country	The Temple of Garni (Armenian: Գառնիի հեթանոսական տաճար, Gařnii het’anosakan tačar, lit. ``pagan temple of Garni'') is a classical Hellenistic temple in Garni, Armenia.	Temple of Garni	Armenia
country	Seowon-gu (Hangul: 서원구; hanja: 西原區) is a non-autonomous district in the city of Cheongju in North Chungcheong Province, South Korea.	Seowon-gu	South Korea
country	West Vancouver-Sea to Sky (name in effect from April 2009 onwards, named West Vancouver-Garibaldi from 1991 to 2009) is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada.	West Vancouver-Sea to Sky	Canada
country	Fisht Olympic Stadium (Russian: Олимпийский стадион ``Фишт'', Olimpiyskiy stadion ``Fisht'') is an open-air (formerly covered) stadium in Sochi, Russia.	Fisht Olympic Stadium	Russia
country	Johannesburg Park Station is the central railway station in the city of Johannesburg, South Africa, and the largest railway station in Africa.	Johannesburg Park Station	South Africa
country	Homatlije (Cyrillic: Хоматлије) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Homatlije	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Kaiapoi River is a minor river of north Canterbury, in New Zealand's South Island.	Kaiapoi River	New Zealand
country	Rosehill College, like most New Zealand state secondary schools was built between 1960 and 1970, was built to the Nelson 2H common design plan.	Rosehill College	New Zealand
country	Dalivandan (Persian: دليوندان‎, also Romanized as Dalīvandān; also known as Delimandan) is a village in Tulem Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dalivandan	Iran
country	Sir John Lawes School (also known as SJL) is a secondary school with academy status located in Harpenden, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom (UK).	Sir John Lawes School	United Kingdom
country	Snelli tiik, also Šnelli tiik is a lake of Estonia.	Snelli tiik	Estonia
country	Lake Burley Griffin is an artificial lake in the centre of Canberra, the capital of Australia.	Lake Burley Griffin	Australia
country	Ljubljana Stock Exchange or LJSE (Slovene: Ljubljanska borza (ljubljanska boɾza)) is a stock exchange located in Ljubljana, Slovenia.	Ljubljana Stock Exchange	Slovenia
country	The Church of Crete (Greek: Εκκλησία της Κρήτης) is an Eastern Orthodox Church, comprising the island of Crete in Greece.	Church of Crete	Greece
country	Fulpmes is a village and a municipality in Stubaital, Tyrol, Austria.	Fulpmes	Austria
country	The Philippine Amateur Radio Association (PARA) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in the Philippines.	Philippine Amateur Radio Association	Philippines
country	Stornarella is a town and comune in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region the southeast of Italy.	Stornarella	Italy
country	A large bay that protrudes northeast from Lake Huron into Ontario, Canada, is called Georgian Bay.	Lake Huron	Canada
country	Rai Sahib / Rao Sahib / Roy Sahib abbreviated R.S., was a title of honour issued during the era of British rule in India to individuals who performed great service in visionary leadership to the nation.	Rai Sahib	India
country	The Jur River (also Sue River) is a river in western South Sudan, flowing through the Bahr el Ghazal and Equatoria regions.	Jur River	South Sudan
country	Weiler-la-Tour (Luxembourgish: Weiler zum Tuerm, German: Weiler zum Turm) is a commune and small town in southern Luxembourg.	Weiler-la-Tour	Luxembourg
country	Sufian (Persian: صوفيان‎; also Romanized as Şufīān, Soofian, Şowfyān, and Sūfīyān) is a city in and the capital of Sufian District, in Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sufian	Iran
country	Chowbari is a village of Kamarkhanda Upazila of Sirajganj District in the Division of Rajshahi, Bangladesh.	Chowbari	Bangladesh
country	Sandweiler-Contern railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Sandweiler-Konter, French: Gare de Sandweiler-Contern, German: Bahnhof Sandweiler-Contern) is a railway station serving the towns of Contern and Sandweiler, in southern Luxembourg.	Sandweiler-Contern railway station	Luxembourg
country	Makanza is a community in the Équateur province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, headquarters of the Makanza Territory.	Makanza	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Garmanjan (Persian: گرمنجان‎, also Romanized as Garmanjān; also known as Garamenjān) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Garmanjan	Iran
country	Tudun Wada is a Local Government Area in Nigeria, often located in the former British colonial areas of a city.	Tudun Wada	Nigeria
country	The British Institute of Florence is a cultural institute founded in 1917 in Florence, Italy, with the aim of promoting Anglo-Italian cultural relations, teaching English and Italian languages, and running a Library of English books to illustrate British and Italian literature, art, history and music.	British Institute of Florence	Italy
country	Grytten Church (Norwegian: Grytten kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Grytten Church	Norway
country	Lisleby is the largest of the cityparts in centrum Fredrikstad, Norway.	Lisleby	Norway
country	Çayqaraqoyunlu (also, Çay Qaraqoyunlu, Chaykarakoyunlu, and Chay-Karakoyunly) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çayqaraqoyunlu	Azerbaijan
country	Groot Marico is a hamlet in the North West Province of South Africa.	Groot Marico	South Africa
country	Rożniątów (rɔʐˈɲɔntuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rożniątów	Poland
country	Baruva is a village and a beach resort located near Sompeta in Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Baruva	India
country	The Château de Goulaine is a former castle, now a château, in the Loire Valley located near Nantes, France.	Château de Goulaine	France
country	Olstappen is a lake in the municipalities of Sør-Fron and Nord-Fron in Oppland county, Norway.	Olstappen	Norway
country	Gandhi Institute of Engineering and Technology (GIET) is an engineering college located at Gunupur, in the state of Odisha, India.	Gandhi Institute of Engineering and Technology	India
country	Ustaoset Station (Norwegian: Ustaoset stasjon) is a railway station located at Ustaoset in Hol, Norway.	Ustaoset Station	Norway
country	Tęguty (tɛŋˈɡutɨ) (German: Tengutten) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tęguty	Poland
country	Vallabhi (or Valabhi, modern Vala) is an ancient city located in the Saurashtra peninsula of Gujarat, near Bhavnagar in western India.	Vallabhi	India
country	Ko Tarutao island (Thai: เกาะตะรุเตา) is the largest island of Tarutao National Marine Park in Satun Province province of Thailand, close to Malaysia border.	Ko Tarutao	Thailand
country	The proposed greenfield Sindhudurg Airport is being built at Chipi-Parule in Sindhudurg district, in the State of Maharashtra, India.	Sindhudurg Airport	India
country	Puerto Lempira is the capital of the Gracias a Dios department in northeastern Honduras, located on the shores of the Caratasca Lagoon.	Puerto Lempira	Honduras
country	Tibolci (pronounced (ˈtiːbɔu̯tsi)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Pesnica River in the Municipality of Gorišnica in northeastern Slovenia.	Tibolci	Slovenia
country	Cəmiyyət (also, Ningi, Ninki, Nngi, and Nngui) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cəmiyyət	Azerbaijan
country	Hatun Punta (Quechua hatun (in Bolivia jatun) big, punta peak; ridge; first, before, in front of, also spelled Jatun Punta) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Hatun Punta	Peru
country	Kollóttadyngja is a volcano in the Ódáðahraun lava-field in Iceland.	Kollóttadyngja	Iceland
country	Bingöl Province (Turkish: Bingöl ili, Kurdish: Parêzgeha Bîngolê‎) is a province of Turkey in Eastern Anatolia.	Bingöl Province	Turkey
country	Swiss International Air Lines AG (short Swiss, stylized as SWISS) is the flag carrier airline of Switzerland operating scheduled services in Europe and to North America, South America, Africa and Asia.	Swiss International Air Lines	Switzerland
country	Hellisøy Lighthouse (Norwegian: Hellisøy fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in Fedje municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hellisøy Lighthouse	Norway
country	The Queens Domain, also known as The Domain to locals, is a small hilly area of bushland just north-east of the CBD of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia, alongside the Derwent River.	Queens Domain	Australia
country	North Battleford is a small city in west central Saskatchewan, Canada.	North Battleford	Canada
country	Flötjan is a small rocky islet in Finland.	Flötjan	Finland
country	Werdohl-Elverlingsen Power Station is a coal and gas fired power station in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia near Werdohl, Germany on the Lenne river; its water used for cooling.	Werdohl-Elverlingsen Power Station	Germany
country	Windpark Ellern is a wind farm facility located in Ellern in the Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis in Rhineland-Pfalz, Germany.	Windpark Ellern	Germany
country	Munirka is a mini India.	Munirka	India
country	St Estevam is an Island in Ilhas, Goa, India.	St Estevam	India
country	Ayaştürkmenli is a small village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Ayaştürkmenli	Turkey
country	Nishan-e-Shujaat or Nishan-i-Shujaat, or Order of Bravery, is a medal awarded by the Government of Pakistan for Military and Civilian acts of conspicuous gallantry, which are not always in the face of the enemy.	Nishan-e-Shujaat	Pakistan
country	Sowrastan (Persian: سورستان‎, also Romanized as Sowrastān) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, Bala Velayat District, Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sowrastan	Iran
country	57357 Hospital, located in Cairo, Egypt, is one of the biggest hospitals specialized in children's cancer in the world.	57357 Hospital	Egypt
country	As of 2011 India census, Sugauli town had a population of 38,815.	Sugauli	India
country	Mayak Tyuvagubsky (Russian: Маяк Тювагубский) was a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in Teribersky Territorial Okrug of Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kola Peninsula beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 55 meters (180 ft) above sea level.	Mayak Tyuvagubsky	Russia
country	Cerro del León is a stratovolcano located in El Loa province, Antofagasta Region, Chile.	Cerro del León	Chile
country	Košice railway station (Slovak: Železničná stanica Košice, also known for a short period as Košice hlavná stanica) serves the city of Košice, seat of the Košice Region, eastern Slovakia.	Košice railway station	Slovakia
country	Dahirak (Persian: دهيرك‎, also Romanized as Dahīrak and Dehīrak; also known as Dahrak, Dīrak, and Dīrak Dap) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dahirak	Iran
country	Aşağı Qaragüvəndli (also, Ashaga Karakyuvendikly and Ashagy Karagyuvyandli) is a village in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Qaragüvəndli	Azerbaijan
country	Thimble Tickle Bay is a bay on the coast of Newfoundland, Canada.	Thimble Tickle Bay	Canada
country	Siri Waterfall, formerly called Santa Maria Waterfall, is a 120 metre high waterfall located about 3 km inland from the eastern coast of the island of Gaua in northern Vanuatu.	Siri Waterfall	Vanuatu
country	Côtes de Bourg is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) for Bordeaux wine situated around the small town of Bourg-sur-Gironde near Bordeaux, France.	Côtes de Bourg	France
country	Tarnawa Wyżna (tarˈnava ˈvɨʐna) (Ukrainian: Тернава Вижня, Ternava Vyzhnia) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Tarnawa Wyżna	Poland
country	Darujin (Persian: دروجين‎, also Romanized as Darūjīn) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darujin	Iran
country	Stična Mansion (Slovene: Stiški dvorec) is a mansion house located at 34 Old Square (Stari trg) in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Stična Mansion	Slovenia
country	Hizabad-e Bala (Persian: هيزابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Hīzābād-e Bālā) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hizabad-e Bala	Iran
country	Urgeiriça is a village in northern Portugal near the town of Viseu.	Urgeiriça	Portugal
country	Jalu Municipality (Arabic: جالو‎) was one of the municipalities (baladiyah) of Libya from 1983 to 1987.	Jalu Municipality	Libya
country	Boscreege is a small village in the civil parish of Germoe in west Cornwall, in England, United Kingdom.	Boscreege	United Kingdom
country	The Jezzine District (Arabic: قضاء جزين‎) is a district in the South Governorate of Lebanon.	Jezzine District	Lebanon
country	Sineqan (Persian: سينقان‎, also Romanized as Sīneqān; also known as Sināghūn, Sīnehqān, and Singhan) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sineqan	Iran
country	Highbrook is a suburb located in the city of Auckland, in the North Island of New Zealand.	Highbrook	New Zealand
country	Tampines Bike Park is located in the eastern part of Singapore, in the Tampines Regional Centre.	Tampines Bike Park	Singapore
country	Maymorn is a rural area of Upper Hutt city in the Wellington region of New Zealand consisting of Rural Hill and Rural Valley Floor zones.	Maymorn	New Zealand
country	Popintsi (Bulgarian: Попинци) is a village in southern Bulgaria, part of Panagyurishte municipality, Pazardzhik Province.	Popintsi	Bulgaria
country	Dishgan (Persian: ديشگان‎, also Romanized as Dīshgān; also known as Dīshkān) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dishgan	Iran
country	The Șesul Băgăului River or Pusta Băgăului River ( Hungarian: Bagó-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.	Șesul Băgăului River	Romania
country	Phuthaditjhaba (formerly Witsieshoek or Qwaqwa) is a town in the Free State province of South Africa.	Phuthaditjhaba	South Africa
country	Achut Bibi's Mosque and Tomb, also known as Shahi Masjid locally, is a medieval mosque and tomb complex on the bank of Sabarmati river in Dudheshwar, Ahmedabad, India.	Achut Bibi's Mosque	India
country	Amorebieta-Etxano, also known as Zornotza (Spanish, Amorebieta-Echano), is a town and municipality located in Biscay in the Basque Country, an Autonomous Community in northern Spain.	Amorebieta-Etxano	Spain
country	Grdanovac (Cyrillic: Грдановац) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grdanovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Vītiņi parish (Latvian: Vītiņu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Dobele District, Latvia.	Vītiņi parish	Latvia
country	Starobesheve (Ukrainian: Старобешеве, Russian: Старобешево) is an urban-type settlement in the southeast of Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine.	Starobesheve	Ukraine
country	Xatınlı (also, Khatunly and Khatynly) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xatınlı	Azerbaijan
country	Ustka (ˈustka) (German: Stolpmünde; Kashubian Ùskô) is a town in the Middle Pomerania region of northwestern Poland with 17,100 inhabitants (2001).	Ustka	Poland
country	Central University of Haryana is in Jant-Pali village, Mahendragarh district of Haryana, India, which is set up in 500 acres (2.0 km2), has been established through an Act of Parliament: ``The Central Universities Act, 2009'' by the Government of India.	Central University of Haryana	India
country	The Beth Haim of Ouderkerk aan de Amstel is the oldest Jewish cemetery in the Netherlands.	Beth Haim of Ouderkerk aan de Amstel	Netherlands
country	Puycelsi (formerly Puycelci) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.	Puycelsi	France
country	The Third Battle of the Isonzo was fought from October 18 through November 3 of 1915 between the armies of Italy and Austria-Hungary.	Third Battle of the Isonzo	Italy
country	Oryol or Orel (Russian: Орёл; IPA: (ɐˈrʲɵl), lit. eagle) is a city and the administrative center of Oryol Oblast, Russia, located on the Oka River, approximately 360 kilometers (220 mi) south-southwest of Moscow.	Oryol	Russia
country	The Ostend Film Festival (Dutch: Filmfestival Oostende) is an annual film festival held in Ostend, Belgium.	Ostend Film Festival	Belgium
country	Kopay Army Base is a military base in Kopay, Sri Lanka.	Kopay Army Base	Sri Lanka
country	Anarkul (Persian: اناركول‎, also Romanized as Anārkūl) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Anarkul	Iran
country	Mountain Designs is an outdoor clothing and accessory store based in Australia.	Mountain Designs	Australia
country	The Lahore Fort, locally referred to as the Shahi Qila (Urdu/Punjabi: شاہی قلعہ, Royal Fort), is a citadel in the city of Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Lahore Fort	Pakistan
country	Paimio (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈpɑimio); Swedish: Pemar) is a town and municipality of Finland.	Paimio	Finland
country	Malye Derbety (Russian: Ма́лые Дербе́ты; Kalmyk: Баһ Дөрвд, Bah Dörvd) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Maloderbetovsky District in the Republic of Kalmykia, Russia.	Malye Derbety	Russia
country	Northeast Normal University (simplified Chinese: 东北师范大学; traditional Chinese: 東北師範大學; pinyin: Dōngběi Shīfàn Dàxué; often abbreviated NENU or 东北师大) is one of the six national normal universities in the People's Republic of China, located in Changchun, Jilin province.	Northeast Normal University	People's Republic of China
country	Austvågøy or Austvågøya is the northeasternmost of the larger islands in the Lofoten archipelago in Nordland county, Norway.	Austvågøy	Norway
country	Ali Heydar (Persian: علي حيدر‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Ḩeydar) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Ali Heydar	Iran
country	Morawy-Wicherki (mɔˈravɨ viˈxɛrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Morawy-Wicherki	Poland
country	Pavliani (Greek: Παύλιανη) is a village on Mount Oeta, and a former community in Phthiotis, Greece.	Pavliani	Greece
country	Szilasliget is a town in Hungary, near Budapest.	Szilasliget	Hungary
country	GKS Jastrzębie-Zdrój (Polish pronunciation: (jasˈtʂɛmbʲɛ ˈzdruj)) is a football club based in Jastrzębie-Zdrój, Poland.	GKS Jastrzębie	Poland
country	PAF Base Mushaf (formerly PAF Base Sargodha) (IATA: SGI, ICAO: OPSR) is a Pakistan Air Force airbase located at Sargodha in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	PAF Base Mushaf	Pakistan
country	Dutch Design is a term used to connote design in the Netherlands, particularly product design.	Dutch Design	Netherlands
country	Jablonica, (Hungarian: Jablánc) is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.	Jablonica	Slovakia
country	Ras Baalbek (Arabic: رأس بعلبك‎) is a village in the northern Beqaa Valley in Lebanon.	Ras Baalbek	Lebanon
country	The Rio Quicombo, also known as the Rio Kikombo, is a river south of Sumbe, Angola and just north of Kikombo in Cuanza Sul Province, Angola.	Rio Quicombo	Angola
country	Kamwangi is a settlement Kiambu County, Kenya, in the former Central Province.	Kamwangi	Kenya
country	About the Institute Sunraysia Institute of TAFE is a provider of vocational education and training services in North West Victoria, Australia.	Sunraysia Institute of TAFE	Australia
country	The Municipality of Cirkulane (Slovene: Občina Cirkulane) a municipality in the Haloze area of Slovenia.	Municipality of Cirkulane	Slovenia
country	Taluba (taˈluba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Taluba	Poland
country	Kunes Chapel (Norwegian: Kunes kapell) is a chapel in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kunes Chapel	Norway
country	Dolno Gradište (Macedonian: Долно Градиште) is a village located 6 kilometres north of Kočani, Macedonia, at the base of Mount Osogovo and at the northern coast of Lake Gradče.	Dolno Gradište	Macedonia
country	Čierne Kľačany is a village and municipality in Zlaté Moravce District of the Nitra Region, of Slovakia.	Čierne Kľačany	Slovakia
country	Hashtpar (Persian: هشتپر‎, also known as, Gashpar, Hashtpar-e Tavalesh, Otak Saray, Otāq Sarai, Oţāq Sarāy, and Tālesh) is a city in and the capital of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hashtpar	Iran
country	The Basilica of Notre-Dame d'Alençon (French: Basilique Notre-Dame d'Alençon) is a Gothic parish church located in Alençon, Orne, France.	Basilica of Notre-Dame d'Alençon	France
country	Chenaran (Persian: چناران‎; also Romanized as Chenārān, Chanārān, and Chinārān) is a city in and the capital of Chenaran County, in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chenaran	Iran
country	The University of Taubaté (in Portuguese; Universidade de Taubaté; UNITAU) is a municipal (partial city control) university located in the city of Taubaté, São Paulo state, Brazil.	Universidade de Taubaté	Brazil
country	Koki Arrondissement is an arrondissement of the Louga Department in the Louga Region of Senegal.	Koki Arrondissement	Senegal
country	Axmed Gaab is a wadi in the northwestern Togdheer region of Somalia.	Axmed Gaab	Somalia
country	Gümüşler Monastery is a Byzantine-era underground cave monastery in the city of Gümüşler, Niğde Province, Turkey.	Gümüşler Monastery	Turkey
country	Duraykish District (Arabic: منطقة دريكيش, translit.: manṭiqat Dreikiche) is a district of the Tartus Governorate in northwestern Syria.	Duraykish District	Syria
country	Rangiahua is a small locality near the Hokianga Harbour in the Northland Region of New Zealand.	Rangiahua	New Zealand
country	Bugna (Ge'ez ቡግና būgnā, not pronounced ``buña'') is a woreda in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Bugna	Ethiopia
country	Felidhu Atoll is a natural atoll of the Maldives.	Felidhu Atoll	Maldives
country	Kossuth Lajos square (Hungarian: Kossuth Lajos tér, formerly Kossuth square Kossuth tér) is situated in the Lipótváros neighbourhood of Budapest, Hungary, on the bank of the Danube.	Kossuth tér	Hungary
country	Dostyk (Kazakh: Достық) or Druzhba (Russian: Дружба) is a small town in Kazakhstan's Almaty Region, on the border with Xinjiang, China.	Dostyk	Kazakhstan
country	Odaesan National Park (Korean: 오대산국립공원, 五臺山國立公園) is located in the province of Gangwon-do, South Korea.	Odaesan National Park	South Korea
country	Kiamari Town is represented by Constituency NA-239 in the National Assembly of Pakistan, and by PS-89 and PS-90 in the Provincial Assembly of Sindh.	Kiamari Town	Pakistan
country	Bridgetown (metropolitan pop. 110,000 (2014)) is the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados.	Bridgetown	Barbados
country	Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Reza Aminayi (Persian: تلمبه سيدرضاامينائي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Rez̤ā Āmīnāyī; also known as Sa``īdābād) is a village in Kavirat Rural District, Chatrud District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 9 families.	Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Reza Aminayi	Iran
country	Promkombinat (Russian: Промкомбинат) is a rural locality (a selo), one of two settlements, in addition to Chapchylgan, in Chapchylgansky Rural Okrug of Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Promkombinat	Russia
country	Dournazac (Occitan: Dornasac) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France.	Dournazac	France
country	Teruel (Spanish pronunciation: (teˈɾwel)) is a town in Aragon, located in eastern Spain, and is also the capital of Teruel Province.	Teruel	Spain
country	Lahmar (Arabic: اﻻﺣﻤﺮ‎) is a town and commune, and capital of Lahmar District, in Béchar Province, western Algeria.	Lahmar	Algeria
country	Oum El Bouaghi (Arabic: أم البواقي‎; Tifinagh: ) is a municipality in Algeria.	Oum El Bouaghi	Algeria
country	Shirin Su (Persian: شيرين سو‎, Azerbaijani: Şirin Su, also Romanized as Shīrīn Sū and Shīrīn Soo; also known as Shīrūnsū) is a city in and capital of Shirin Su District, in Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Shirin Su	Iran
country	Ghassoul (Arabic: غسول) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria.	Ghassoul	Algeria
country	Domecelle is a village in the municipality of San Xoán de Río in Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	Domecelle	Spain
country	Lafiteau, also called Carrefour Lafiteau, is a small industrial port town, about nine miles north of the capital, Port-au-Prince, in the commune of Cabaret in the Republic of Haiti.	Lafiteau	Haiti
country	Pedaspea is a village in Kuusalu Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia, on the territory of Lahemaa National Park.	Pedaspea	Estonia
country	Guayabo National Monument is a national monument in the Central Volcanic Conservation Area in the Cartago Province of Costa Rica that covers the largest archaeological site in the country.	Guayabo National Monument	Costa Rica
country	The Xinyang East Railway Station (Chinese: 信阳东站) is a railway station of Shiwu Passenger Railway that located in People's Republic of China.	Xinyang East Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Pir Katpar railway station (Urdu: پیر کاٹپر ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Pir Katpar village, Khairpur District of Sindh province of the Pakistan.	Pir Katpar railway station	Pakistan
country	Sarakhampittayakhom School (Thai: โรงเรียนสารคามพิทยาคม) is a public secondary school in Thailand.	Sarakhampittayakhom School	Thailand
country	Banar-e Vajel (Persian: بنارواجل‎, also Romanized as Banār-e Vājel; also known as Vājel) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Banar-e Vajel	Iran
country	The Old Port of Montreal (French: Vieux-Port de Montréal) is the historic port of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Old Port of Montreal	Canada
country	Mount Silali is a dormant volcano in the Gregory Rift Valley, near to Kapedo, Kenya.	Mount Silali	Kenya
country	Castrillo de Cabrera (Spanish pronunciation: (kasˈtɾiʎo ðe kaˈβɾeɾa)), Castriellu de Cabreira in Leonese language, is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Castrillo de Cabrera	Spain
country	Sletterhage Lighthouse is located in Denmark on the southern tip of the Djursland peninsula protruding into the Kattegat between Denmark and Sweden at the entrance to the Baltic Sea.	Sletterhage Lighthouse	Denmark
country	Josvainiai is a small town in Kėdainiai district, central Lithuania.	Josvainiai	Lithuania
country	Gerakan Nelajan Marhaenis ('Marhaenist Fishermen's Movement') was an organization of fishermen in Indonesia, linked to the Indonesian Nationalist Party (PNI).	Gerakan Nelajan Marhaenis	Indonesia
country	Nicolas Baudin Island Conservation Park is a protected area associated with Nicolas Baudin Island which is located off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 30 kilometres (19 mi) south of Streaky Bay.	Nicolas Baudin Island Conservation Park	Australia
country	Mocra (Ukrainian: Мокра; Russian: Мокра) is a commune in the Rîbnița District of Transnistria, Moldova.	Mocra	Moldova
country	Mürren is a traditional Walser mountain village in Bernese Oberland, Switzerland, at an elevation of 1,650 m (5,413 ft.) above sea level and unreachable by public road.	Mürren	Switzerland
country	Santa Maria di Canepanova is a Renaissance church in Pavia, Lombardy, northern Italy.	Santa Maria di Canepanova	Italy
country	Norbrook is an upscale neighbourhood of the Kingston Metropolitan Area of Jamaica, with approximately 15,000 residents and is an important residential, shopping and commercial centre of the city itself.	Norbrook	Jamaica
country	Smiltene parish (Latvian: Smiltenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Valka District, Latvia.	Smiltene parish	Latvia
country	Space Place at Carter Observatory stands at the top of the Botanic Gardens in Wellington, New Zealand.	Space Place at Carter Observatory	New Zealand
country	Pheona (Hindi: फ़ीना, Urdu: فینہ), or Fina (which is also the correct pronunciation), is a town in the northwestern Rohilkhand (रोहेलखंड, روہیلکھنڈ) region of Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Pheona	India
country	``Sayaun Thunga Phool Ka'' (Nepali: सयौं थुँगा फूलका ``Made of Hundreds of Flowers'') is the national anthem of Nepal.	Sayaun Thunga Phool Ka	Nepal
country	Liceo Agrícola El Carmen de San Fernando (English: El Carmen Agricultural High School from San Fernando) is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando, Colchagua Province, Chile.	Liceo Agrícola El Carmen	Chile
country	Altia Business Park is a high tech industrial park located in San Pedro Sula adjacent to the Central American Technological University, Honduras.	Altia Business Park	Honduras
country	Autosan A0808MN Sancity is a low-entry city bus produced from the autumn of 2008 to mid-2009 in Sanok in Poland by Autosan.	Autosan A0808MN	Poland
country	Sabonga is a town of about 10,000 people in Niger.	Sabonga	Niger
country	Rosenau Church (German: Rosenauer Kirche; Russian: Кирха Розенау) is a church in Kaliningrad, Russia.	Rosenau Church	Russia
country	Neervely is a village located in Jaffna, Sri Lanka.	Neervely	Sri Lanka
country	Timișoara Nord railway station is the main railway station in Timișoara, Romania.	Timișoara Nord railway station	Romania
country	Istgah-e Balarud (Persian: ایستگاه بالارود‎, also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Bālārūd and Īstgāh-e Bālā Rūd; also known as Bālārūd) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Istgah-e Balarud	Iran
country	Hrastovlje (pronounced (xɾaˈstoːu̯ljɛ); Italian: Cristoglie) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Hrastovlje	Slovenia
country	Andrews Railway Station was a station on the Hutt Valley Line section of the Wairarapa Line in New Zealand.	Andrews Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Bistrica ob Sotli (pronounced (ˈbiːstɾitsa ɔp ˈsoːtli)) is a settlement in eastern Slovenia.	Bistrica ob Sotli	Slovenia
country	Narayanganj Bar Academy (Bengali: নারায়ণগঞ্জ বার একাডেমী ) is a Bangladeshi all-boys public school located in Narayanganj Sadar, Bangladesh, primarily for the primary, lower-secondary, and secondary level education for the children of Narayanganj Bar Council members stationed in Narayanganj Sadar; and some pupils come from the civilian sector.	Narayanganj Bar Academy	Bangladesh
country	Kota Pagatan (other names: Pagattan/Pegattan) is a town located in the regency of Kusan Hilir, Tanah Bumbu, Tanah Bumbu, Kalimantan Selatan province, Indonesia.	Kota Pagatan	Indonesia
country	Ertuğrul Gazi Mosque or Ärtogrul Gazy Mosque is a mosque in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.	Ertuğrul Gazi Mosque	Turkmenistan
country	Ilercavonia (Catalan: Ilercavònia, Spanish: Ilercavonia) is an ancient comarca of Spain formerly populated by the ancient Iberian tribe known as Ilercavones.	Ilercavonia	Spain
country	Solarpark Meuro is a 166 megawatt (MW) photovoltaic power station located in Meuro and Schipkau, Germany.	Solarpark Meuro	Germany
country	Zaltbommel (Dutch pronunciation: (zɑldˈbɔməl)) is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands.	Zaltbommel	Netherlands
country	Moldevatnet (Lake Molde) is the main reservoir and water supply for the city of Molde in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Moldevatnet	Norway
country	Bragg Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Rocky Mountains, in Alberta, Canada, at the eastern edge of Kananaskis Country.	Bragg Creek Provincial Park	Canada
country	Mauga is a village in Savai'i island in Samoa.	Mauga	Samoa
country	The Hildesheim Treasure, unearthed on October 17, 1868 in Hildesheim, Germany, is the largest collection of Roman silver found outside imperial frontiers.	Hildesheim Treasure	Germany
country	Kwaggaskloof Dam is a dam on the Wabooms River, near Worcester, Western Cape, South Africa.	Kwaggaskloof Dam	South Africa
country	Monte Zebrù (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmonte dzeˈbru)) is a mountain of the Ortler Alps in Lombardy, Italy.	Monte Zebrù	Italy
country	Corbillos de los Oteros (Spanish pronunciation: (korˈβiʎoz ðe los oˈteɾos)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Corbillos de los Oteros	Spain
country	Mokówko (mɔˈkufkɔ) (German: Mockerhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mokówko	Poland
country	Kopaczyska (kɔpaˈt͡ʂɨska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kopaczyska	Poland
country	Strugi Krasnye (Russian: Стру́ги Кра́сные) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Strugo-Krasnensky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia, located 87 kilometers (54 mi) northeast of Pskov.	Strugi Krasnye	Russia
country	Sri Ramakrishna Engineering College (SREC) is an autonomous Engineering college in India.	Sri Ramakrishna Engineering College	India
country	The Rio del Rey (also called Rio del Ray) is a drainage basin/watershed/estuary located in West Africa within Equatorial Guinea and Cameroon.	Rio del Rey	Cameroon
country	Neikuppai is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district, India.	Neikuppai	India
country	Virrat (Swedish: Virdois) is a town and municipality of Finland.	Virrat	Finland
country	Midoun (Arabic: ميدون‎ Mīdūn) is a town and commune in the Médenine Governorate, Tunisia, located on the north east of Djerba.	Midoun	Tunisia
country	Gorbitz is a district or Stadtteil in south-west Dresden, Germany.	Gorbitz	Germany
country	Kara-Debe, or Karadebe is a village in the Chuy District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Kara-Debe	Kyrgyzstan
country	Tyszki-Łabno (ˈtɨʂki ˈwabnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tyszki-Łabno	Poland
country	Trstice (Hungarian: Nádszeg) is a large village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Trstice	Slovakia
country	Gmina Uniejów is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gmina Uniejów	Poland
country	Yusefabad-e Bam (Persian: يوسف ابادبم‎, also Romanized as Yūsefābād-e Bam; also known as Bam) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yusefabad-e Bam	Iran
country	Releasing Eskimo was a small record label in Sweden.	Releasing Eskimo	Sweden
country	Lomnice nad Popelkou is a town in the Czech Republic, in the Liberec region.	Lomnice nad Popelkou	Czech Republic
country	Kościuszko Mound (Polish: kopiec Kościuszki) in Kraków, Poland, erected by Cracovians in commemoration of the Polish national leader Tadeusz Kościuszko, is an artificial mound modeled after Kraków's prehistoric mounds of Krak and Wanda.	Kościuszko Mound	Poland
country	Bewoor contributed many heroes for freedom of India.	Bewoor	India
country	The Alingar River (also Alingâr) is a river in eastern Afghanistan.	Alingar River	Afghanistan
country	The Belgian Women's First Division (Dutch: Eerste Klasse, French: Division I) is the second highest women's football league of Belgium.	Belgian Women's First Division	Belgium
country	Babin-Olędry (ˈbabin ɔˈlɛndrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Babin-Olędry	Poland
country	Avče (pronounced (ˈaːu̯tʃɛ)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Avče	Slovenia
country	Patriarch Evtimiy Square (Bulgarian: площад ``Патриарх Евтимий'', ploshtad ``Patriarh Evtimiy''), more popularly known as Popa (Попа, ``The Priest''), is a small urban square and a busy intersection in the centre of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.	Patriarch Evtimiy Square	Bulgaria
country	The Bucheon International Fantastic Film Festival (Hangul: 부천국제판타스틱영화제), or BiFan, is an international film festival held annually in July in Bucheon, South Korea.	Bucheon International Fantastic Film Festival	South Korea
country	Deh-e Seyf (Persian: ده سيف‎, also Romanized as Deh Saif and Deh Seyf; also known as Seyf) is a village in Takab Rural District, Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Seyf	Iran
country	Bahías de Huatulco International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional de Bahías de Huatulco) (IATA: HUX, ICAO: MMBT) is an international airport located at Huatulco, in the state of Oaxaca on Mexico.	Bahías de Huatulco International Airport	Mexico
country	The Virgin of Candelaria or Our Lady of Candelaria (Virgen de Candelaria, Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria), popularly called La Morenita, celebrates the Virgin Mary on the island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands (Spain).	Virgin of Candelaria	Spain
country	Ustica (Sicilian: Ùstica) is the name of a small island, about 9 kilometres (6 mi) across, situated 52 kilometres (32 mi) north of Capo Gallo, Italy in the Tyrrhenian Sea.	Ustica	Italy
country	Falvashan (Persian: فالوشن‎, also Romanized as Fālvāshan) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Falvashan	Iran
country	Silajāņi parish (Latvian: Silajāņu pagasts, Latgalian: Solujuoņu pogosts) is an administrative unit of the Riebiņi Municipality, Latvia.	Silajāņi parish	Latvia
country	Paris Métro Line 7bis is the second shortest line of the metro operating in Paris, France.	Paris Métro Line 7bis	France
country	Sohray Zareheh (Persian: صحرائ زرهه‎, also Romanized as Şoḩrāy Zareheh) is a village in Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohray Zareheh	Iran
country	Vä is a former town in Scania, now a village in the municipality of Kristianstad in Sweden, ca 5 km south west of the town of Kristianstad.	Vä	Sweden
country	Tuori is a frazione of Civitella in Val di Chiana in the province of Arezzo, Tuscany, Italy.	Tuori	Italy
country	Bad Doberan (German pronunciation: (baːt dobəˈʁaːn)) is a town in the district of Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Bad Doberan	Germany
country	The Ralph Thornton Community Centre is a community centre that forms the centre of the Leslieville/South Riverdale neighbourhood of Toronto, Canada.	Ralph Thornton Community Centre	Canada
country	Bosljiva Loka (pronounced (bɔˈsljiːʋa ˈloːka); German: Wosail) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia.	Bosljiva Loka	Slovenia
country	The Circuit Jules Tacheny Mettet is a 3.418-mile (5.503 km) motor racing circuit in Mettet, Belgium.	Circuit Jules Tacheny Mettet	Belgium
country	German submarine U-522 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft (yard) in Hamburg as yard number 337 on 9 July 1941, launched on 1 April 1942 and commissioned on 11 June with Kapitänleutnant Herbert Schneider in command.	German submarine U-522	Germany
country	Ingdalen Chapel (Norwegian: Ingdalen kapell) is a church in the municipality of Agdenes in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ingdalen Chapel	Norway
country	Anash and the Legacy of the Sun-Rock is a half hour children's show produced by Panacea Entertainment for the Aboriginal Peoples Television Network, an aboriginal television network in Canada.	Anash and the Legacy of the Sun-Rock	Canada
country	Sri Sivasubramaniya Nadar College of Engineering (SSNCE), popularly known as SSN, is an engineering institution located in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Sri Sivasubramaniya Nadar College of Engineering	India
country	Hartbeespoort, informally also known as ``Harties'', is a small resort town in the North West Province of South Africa, situated on slopes of the Magaliesberg mountain and the banks of the Hartbeespoort Dam.	Hartbeespoort	South Africa
country	The 1988 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XV Olympic Winter Games (French: Les XVes Jeux olympiques d'hiver), was a Winter Olympics multi-sport event celebrated in and around Calgary, Alberta, Canada between February 13 and 28, 1988.	1988 Winter Olympics	Canada
country	Burdhubo (Somali: Buurdhuubo) is a town in the southern Gedo region of Somalia.	Burdhubo	Somalia
country	Podmolnik (pronounced (pɔdmɔu̯ˈniːk)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Podmolnik	Slovenia
country	Kariz Now-e Sofla (Persian: كاريزنوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kārīz Now-e Soflá; also known as Kārīz Now) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kariz Now-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bad Rippoldsau-Schapbach is a municipality in the district of Freudenstadt in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.	Bad Rippoldsau-Schapbach	Germany
country	The Finance Sector Union of Australia is an Australian white collar trade union formed from the amalgamation of various smaller unions drawn from the banking, insurance, trustee, broking, and general finance industries.	Finance Sector Union	Australia
country	Bodešče (pronounced (bɔˈdɛːʃtʃɛ)) is a village on the left bank of the Sava Bohinjka River in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Bodešče	Slovenia
country	The Chindia Tower (Romanian: Turnul Chindiei) is a tower in the Curtea Domnească monuments ensemble in Târgovişte, Romania, built in the 15th century.	Chindia Tower	Romania
country	Åkrestrømmen is a village in Rendalen municipality, Norway.	Åkrestrømmen	Norway
country	Pacasmayo is a city in Northern Peru, in the Pacasmayo province, La Libertad Region.	Pacasmayo	Peru
country	Kolonia Łopiennik (kɔˈlɔɲa wɔˈpjɛnnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Łopiennik	Poland
country	Frei Church (Norwegian: Frei kirke) is a parish church in Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Frei Church	Norway
country	Shurok-e Tupkanlu (Persian: شورك توپكانلو‎, also Romanized as Shūrok-e Tūpkānlū and Shūrak-e Tūpkānlū) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shurok-e Tupkanlu	Iran
country	The Sonai River was a river in the North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal, India.	Sonai River	India
country	Jakubany (Rusyn: Якубяны, Yakubyany) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Jakubany	Slovakia
country	Santa Terezinha de Goiás is a municipality in north Goiás state, Brazil.	Santa Terezinha de Goiás	Brazil
country	Chah Pir (Persian: چاه پير‎, also Romanized as Chāh Pīr, Chāh-e Pīr, and Chāh-i-Pīr; also known as Shāh Pīr) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Chah Pir	Iran
country	The Gare de Metz-Ville is the main railway station serving the city of Metz, capital of Lorraine, France.	Gare de Metz-Ville	France
country	Garraveh-ye Esmail (Persian: گراوه اسماعيل‎, also Romanized as Garrāveh-ye Esmāʿīl; also known as Garāveh, Garāwa, and Garrāveh-ye Yek) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District (Kermanshah Province), in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Garraveh-ye Esmail	Iran
country	Ortnek Castle (Slovene: Ortneški grad), also known as the Old Castle (Stari grad), is a 12th-century castle ruin in the vicinity of the town of Ribnica, Slovenia.	Ortnek Castle	Slovenia
country	Beko'a (Hebrew: בְּקוֹעַ, lit. Splitting) is a moshav in central Israel.	Beko'a	Israel
country	Hrkovce (Hungarian: Gyerk) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Hrkovce	Slovakia
country	Killarney (Killarney Mountain Lodge) Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CKY4), is located adjacent to the town of Killarney, Ontario, Canada.	Killarney (Killarney Mountain Lodge) Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Oasi Zegna is a natural area in the Province of Biella, Piedmont, Italy.	Oasi Zegna	Italy
country	Shahrak-e Chebd (Persian: شهرك چبد‎; also known as Chebd) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Chebd	Iran
country	The Cape Pallarenda Conservation Park is a protected conservation park located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north-east of Townsville in the Far North region of Queensland, Australia.	Cape Pallarenda Conservation Park	Australia
country	Husainyyat is a village in the north of Jordan, lying between Ajlun and Jerash.	Husainyyat	Jordan
country	Atsimo-Atsinanana (South East) is a region in Madagascar.	Atsimo-Atsinanana	Madagascar
country	Arndale Centres were the first ``American-style'' malls to be built in the United Kingdom.	Arndale Centre	United Kingdom
country	Alt St. Johann is a village in the Toggenburg region, since 2010 part of the municipality Wildhaus-Alt St.Johann in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland (the former municipalities of Alt St. Johann and Wildhaus merged on 1 January 2010).	Alt St. Johann	Switzerland
country	Yixiu District (simplified Chinese: 宜秀区; traditional Chinese: 宜秀區; pinyin: Yíxiù Qū) is a district in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, under the jurisdiction of Anqing City.	Yixiu District	People's Republic of China
country	As of 2011 India census, Sanguem had a population of 6444 of which 3162 were males and 3282 females with female sex ratio of 1038 against state average of 973.	Sanguem	India
country	Poznań ((ˈpɔznaɲ); German: Posen, known also by other historical names) is a city on the Warta river in west-central Poland, in Greater Poland region.	Poznań	Poland
country	``Bangpakok Wittayakom School'' (Thai: โรงเรียนบางปะกอกวิทยาคม) is a public school located in Bangkok, Thailand.	Bangpakok Wittayakom School	Thailand
country	Khasbek (Persian: خسبك‎) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khasbek	Iran
country	FELDA New Zealand or Kampung New Zealand is a FELDA settlement in Pahang, Malaysia.	FELDA New Zealand	Malaysia
country	Swiss German University (SGU) is a privately sponsored university and located at BSD City, Java, Indonesia.	Swiss German University	Indonesia
country	The River Blackwater (Irish: An Uisce Dubh), also called the Kells Blackwater or Leinster Blackwater, is a river that flows through the counties of Cavan and Meath in Ireland.	Leinster Blackwater	Ireland
country	Holwierde (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦɔlʋirdə); Gronings: Holwier) is a village in the municipality of Delfzijl in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands.	Holwierde	Netherlands
country	Sar Dul Nesarvand (Persian: سردول نساروند‎, also Romanized as Sar Dūl Nesārvand) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Dul Nesarvand	Iran
country	Helsinki Motor Show (HMS) is an annual national car show in Helsinki, Finland.	Helsinki Motor Show	Finland
country	The Popinolashki waterfall (Bulgarian: Попинолъшки водопад, Popinolashki vodopad) is a waterfall in the Bulgaria's Pirin mountain.	Popinolashki waterfall	Bulgaria
country	The Leeum, Samsung Museum of Art is a museum in Hannam-dong, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea, run by the Samsung Foundation of Culture.	Leeum, Samsung Museum of Art	South Korea
country	Sierra de María-Los Vélez Natural Park (Parque Natural de Sierra de María-Los Vélez) is a natural park of Spain.	Sierra de María-Los Vélez Natural Park	Spain
country	Prithvi Theatres was founded in 1942, by Prithviraj Kapoor, as a travelling troupe with 150 members, which staged productions across India.	Prithvi Theatre	India
country	Øravíkarlíð or Líðin is a village on the island Suðuroy, Faroe Islands.	Øravíkarlíð	Faroe Islands
country	Great Barrier Island lies in the outer Hauraki Gulf, New Zealand, 100 kilometres (62 mi) north-east of central Auckland.	Great Barrier Island	New Zealand
country	The Bahamas Maritime Authority (BMA) is an authority that registers vessels in the Bahamas and enforces safety standards on Bahamian-registered craft.	Bahamas Maritime Authority	The Bahamas
country	The Ontario Soccer Association (The OSA) was founded in 1901 and is one of the oldest and largest sport organizations in Canada.	Ontario Soccer Association	Canada
country	Angarf or Angaref is a small town in Ouarzazate Province, in the Souss-Massa-Drâa region of Morocco.	Angarf	Morocco
country	The New Delhi Kali Bari (Bengali: নতুন দিল্লী কালীবাড়ি, Hindi: नई दिल्ली कालीबाड़ी) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Goddess Kali and the center for Bengali culture in New Delhi, India.	New Delhi Kali Bari	India
country	Dobrelji (Serbian Cyrillic: Добрељи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dobrelji	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Podanur or Podanoor or Pothanur (Railway Station Code : PTJ)is a neighbourhood in the city of Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu, India.	Podanur	India
country	Nanaimo/Quennell Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CBQ9) is an aerodrome located on Quennell Lake, 10 nautical miles (19 km; 12 mi) southeast of Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada.	Nanaimo/Quennell Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Mowtowr-e Hasanabad (Persian: موتورحسن اباد‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩasanābād) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hasanabad	Iran
country	Aopo is a village on the island of Savai'i in Samoa.	Aopo	Samoa
country	Bilbao-Atxuri Station, commonly known only as Bilbao-Atxuri or Atxuri Station is a terminal station located in the neighborhood of Atxuri, in the district of Ibaiondo in Bilbao, Spain.	Bilbao-Atxuri Station	Spain
country	Łaszew (ˈwaʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchlas, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łaszew	Poland
country	Port St. Johns (or Port Saint Johns) is a town of about 6,500 people on the Wild Coast in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Port St. Johns	South Africa
country	Antananambo or Antanambao is a commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in northern Madagascar.	Antananambo	Madagascar
country	Kheïr Eddine (also Hayreddin) is a town and commune in Mostaganem Province, Algeria.	Kheïr Eddine	Algeria
country	Jhelum railway station (Urdu: جہلم ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Jhelum city, Jhelum district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Jhelum railway station	Pakistan
country	Monza railway station (Italian: Stazione di Monza) is the main station serving the city and comune of Monza, in the region of Lombardy, northern Italy.	Monza railway station	Italy
country	Mills Cross Telescope was a two-dimensional radio telescope built by Bernard Mills in 1954 at the Fleurs field station of the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation in the area known now as Badgerys Creek, about 40 km west of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Mills Cross Telescope	Australia
country	Predappio is a town and comune in the province of Forlì-Cesena, in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy, with a population of 6,486 (2013).	Predappio	Italy
country	Cariati (Greek: Kariates) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Cariati	Italy
country	The Kinabatangan River (Malay: Sungai Kinabatangan) is a river in Sabah, Malaysia, on the island of Borneo.	Kinabatangan River	Malaysia
country	The Canadian Secondary School Rowing Association (CSSRA) is an organization which governs high school rowing in Canada.	Canadian Secondary School Rowing Association	Canada
country	Mazraeh-ye Mehrabi (Persian: مزرعه مهرابي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Mehrābī) is a village in Arad Rural District, Arad District, Gerash County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Mehrabi	Iran
country	Ulaangom (Mongolian: Улаангом, Red Valley) is the capital of Uvs Province in Mongolia.	Ulaangom	Mongolia
country	Banská Belá (German: Dilln; Hungarian: Bélabánya) is a village and municipality in Banská Štiavnica District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Banská Belá	Slovakia
country	Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp was the hub of a large group of Nazi concentration camps that was built around the villages of Mauthausen and Sankt Georgen an der Gusen (Gusen) in Upper Austria, roughly 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of the city of Linz.	Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp	Austria
country	Archimede solar power plant is a concentrated solar power plant at Priolo Gargallo near Syracuse in Sicily, Italy.	Archimede solar power plant	Italy
country	Uppala (Malayalam:ഉപ്പള, Kannada: ಉಪ್ಪಳ ) is a major town in Kasaragod district, Kerala, India.	Uppala	India
country	The Col de la Croix de Chaubouret (elevation 1,201 metres (3,940 ft)) is a mountain pass in France, located in the Pilat massif in the Loire.	Col de la Croix de Chaubouret	France
country	The Rabigh Dam is a gravity dam on Wadi Rabigh about 35 km (22 mi) east of Rabigh in Makkah Province of western Saudi Arabia.	Rabigh Dam	Saudi Arabia
country	San Mauro Marchesato is a town with a population of 2002 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy.	San Mauro Marchesato	Italy
country	The People's Representative Council (Indonesian: Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat, DPR), sometimes referred to as the House of Representatives, is one of two elected national legislative assemblies in Indonesia.	People's Representative Council	Indonesia
country	The Home District was one of four districts of the Province of Quebec created in 1788 in the western reaches of the Montreal District and partitioned in 1791 to create the new colony of Upper Canada.	Home District	Canada
country	This is a list of the Streets in Oslo, Norway.	Streets in Oslo	Norway
country	Hasanabad-e Abrizeh (Persian: حسن ابادابريزه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Ābrīzeh; also known as Hasanābād, Ḩasanābād Porīzan, and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Abrizeh	Iran
country	Nerkin Getashen (Armenian: Ներքին Գետաշեն, also Romanized as Nerk’in Getashen, Nerkin Getachen, and Nerqin Getashen - meaning Lower Getashen; prior to 1945, Nerkin Adyaman and Nizhniy Adyaman - both meaning Lower Adyaman) is a major village located along the southwest coast of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Nerkin Getashen	Armenia
country	Wiesengrund (Lower Sorbian Łukojce) is a municipality in the district of Spree-Neiße, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Wiesengrund	Germany
country	Theater Kiel is a theatre company in Kiel, the capital of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Theater Kiel	Germany
country	Michrów (ˈmixruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Michrów	Poland
country	Tvären is a circular bay close to Studsvik, Sweden.	Tvären	Sweden
country	The Braunschweiger Verkehrs-AG is responsible for public transport in Braunschweig, Germany.	Braunschweiger Verkehrs-AG	Germany
country	Kalipado (Greek: Καλιπάδο) is a settlement on the island of Zakynthos of Greece.	Kalipado	Greece
country	Ukhimath (akso written Okhimath) is a pilgrimage site in Rudraprayag district, Uttarakhand, India.	Ukhimath	India
country	Aswini Hospital is a leading private hospital situated in Thrissur, in the Kerala state of India.	Aswini Hospital	India
country	Neckartailfingen is a municipality in Germany, located approximately 20 km (12 mi) south of Stuttgart.	Neckartailfingen	Germany
country	Sumağavaqazma (also, Sumağava-Qazma and Sumagovakazma) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sumağavaqazma	Azerbaijan
country	Khanpur (Punjabi خانپور) is a city and Tehsil of the Rahim Yar Khan District of Bahawalpur Division, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Khanpur	Pakistan
country	Karapınar Field is a volcanic field in central Anatolia, Asian Turkey.	Karapınar Field	Turkey
country	Lindeman Island is an island in the Lindeman Group of the Whitsunday Islands off the coast of Queensland, Australia.	Lindeman Island	Australia
country	The Maungatapu Bridge is a beam bridge which crosses the Tauranga Harbour and connects the Matapihi and Maungatapu peninsulas in New Zealand.	Maungatapu Bridge	New Zealand
country	Mavungal is a town in Kerala, India, situated just 3 km away from the city of Kanhangad.	Mavungal	India
country	Surama is an Amerindian village in the North Rupununi area and the Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo Region (or Region 9) of Guyana, with a population of approximately 304 people.	Surama	Guyana
country	Dalchhut (Bengali: দলছুট) is a band from Bangladesh.	Dalchhut	Bangladesh
country	Sydney Olympic Park Athletic Centre is a multi-use stadium in Sydney Olympic Park, Australia.	Sydney Olympic Park Athletic Centre	Australia
country	Holy Innocents Children's Hospital (HICH), is a pediatric general hospital in the Western Region in Uganda.	Holy Innocents Children's Hospital	Uganda
country	RCAF Station Marville (also known as 1(F) Wing or 1 Wing) was a Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) station located near Marville in the Meuse department, Lorraine, northeastern France.	RCAF Station Marville	France
country	Administradora Coahuilense de Infraestructura y Transporte Aéreo (ACITA) is the operator of four airports in the State of Coahuila, Mexico.	Administradora Coahuilense de Infraestructura y Transporte Aéreo	Mexico
country	The Roman Campagna (Italian: campagna romana), or just Campagna, is a low-lying area surrounding Rome in the Lazio region of central Italy, with an area of approximately 2,100 square kilometres (810 sq mi).	Roman Campagna	Italy
country	A Mezquita is a municipality in the Ourense province in the Galicia region of northwest Spain.	A Mezquita	Spain
country	Měšice Castle is situated in Tábor, Southern Bohemia, Czech Republic, about 2 km from the ``Tábor Infocenter'' along the Chýnov - Pelhřimov road.	Měšice Castle	Czech Republic
country	The Sultan Abdul Samad Mosque or KLIA Mosque is a mosque near Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) at Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia.	Sultan Abdul Samad Mosque	Malaysia
country	The 2002 Dudley earthquake struck the West Midlands of United Kingdom on 22 September at 23:53 UTC (23 September, 00:53 local time).	2002 Dudley earthquake	United Kingdom
country	The Jardins des Martels (3.5 hectares) is a commercial botanical garden and flower park located in Giroussens, Tarn, Midi-Pyrénées, France.	Jardins des Martels	France
country	Məşədiibişli (also, Məşədi Ibişli) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Məşədiibişli	Azerbaijan
country	Qehi (Persian: قهي‎, also Romanized as Qehī; also known as Kehi and Pāi) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District, Jolgeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qehi	Iran
country	Morrinsville is a provincial town in the Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island, with a population of approximately 7,000.	Morrinsville	New Zealand
country	Plaza Inter is a shopping center in Managua, Nicaragua, developed and operated by the taiwanese company Nica Eastern Development, Inc. The shopping center is home to 65 stores, a food court, a supermarket and a movie theater.	Plaza Inter	Nicaragua
country	The Private Career Training Institutions Agency (PCTIA) is the provincial regulatory body of British Columbia, Canada responsible for accrediting private post-secondary institutions and ensuring minimum standards of quality and consumer protection.	Private Career Training Institutions Agency	Canada
country	The Abbey of Saint-Florent de Saumur, Saumur Les Saint-Florent or Saint-Florent-le-Jeune is a Benedictine abbey in Anjou founded in the 11th century near Saumur, France.	Abbey of Saint-Florent de Saumur	France
country	The St. Peters Canal is a small shipping canal located in eastern Canada on Cape Breton Island.	St. Peters Canal	Canada
country	Zafarraya is a municipality in the province of Granada, Spain, with a population of 2,200 (2003).	Zafarraya	Spain
country	Moran's Oyster Cottage is a seafood restaurant and pub located at The Weir, Kilcolgan, in County Galway, Ireland, close to the village of Clarinbridge, and ten miles south of Galway City.	Moran's Oyster Cottage	Ireland
country	The Mississauga IceDogs are a former junior ice hockey team in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Mississauga IceDogs	Canada
country	Antoing Castle (French: Château d'Antoing) is one of Belgium's most original and well-known castles, situated in Antoing in Hainaut.	Antoing Castle	Belgium
country	The Goðafoss (Icelandic: waterfall of the gods or waterfall of the goði) is one of the most spectacular waterfalls in Iceland.	Goðafoss	Iceland
country	Ostřešany (until 1923 named Vostřešany) is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic, just next to Pardubice.	Ostřešany	Czech Republic
country	Claviere was mostly destroyed during World War II. After the conflict, the boundary between France and Italy was moved so that it divided the village in two.	Claviere	Italy
country	Nītaure parish (Latvian: Nītaures pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Amata Municipality, Latvia.	Nītaure parish	Latvia
country	Odense Municipality, (Danish: Odense Kommune) is a Danish municipality (kommune) in Region of Southern Denmark on the island of Funen in central Denmark.	Odense Municipality	Denmark
country	Anjir is a village in Afghanistan, about seven miles south of Chayab.	Anjir	Afghanistan
country	Unlike the Victory Fund, however, due to Canada's differing laws around election finance Proud Politics does not offer direct fundraising for candidates.	Proud Politics	Canada
country	Kartuzy (karˈtuzɨ) (Kashubian/Pomeranian: Kartuzë; German: Karthaus) is a town in the historic Eastern Pomerania (Pomerelia) region of northwestern Poland.	Kartuzy	Poland
country	The Gaststätte Röhrl (Röhrl restaurant) is a restaurant with beer garden in Eilsbrunn in the district of Regensburg (Germany).	Gaststätte Röhrl	Germany
country	The Drancy internment camp was an assembly and detention camp for confining Jews who were later deported to the extermination camps during the German military administration of Occupied France during World War II. It was located in Drancy, a northeastern suburb of Paris, France.	Drancy internment camp	France
country	The Swiss Path is the name given to a special national path in central Switzerland opened in 1991.	Swiss Path	Switzerland
country	Government House, Wellington is the official residence of the Governor-General of New Zealand, the representative of the New Zealand head of state Queen Elizabeth II. Its current residents are Jerry Mateparae, who has been Governor General since March 2011, and his spouse.	Government House, Wellington	New Zealand
country	Praitori, also Pretori (Greek: Πραιτώρι) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 2 km north of Kedares.	Praitori	Cyprus
country	Borievo (Macedonian: Бориево) is a village in the Bosilovo Municipality of Macedonia.	Borievo	Macedonia
country	Kongola is a village and the district capital of the Kongola Constituency in Namibia's Caprivi Strip.	Kongola	Namibia
country	Coonabarabran Airport (IATA: COJ, ICAO: YCBB) is a small airport located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) south of Coonabarabran, New South Wales, Australia.	Coonabarabran Airport	Australia
country	Andhra Loyola College (ALC or locally ``Loyola College'') is a Jesuit educational institution in Andhra Pradesh, India, founded on 9 December 1953.	Andhra Loyola College	India
country	The Max Planck Institute of Immunobiology and Epigenetics (German: Max-Planck-Institut für Immunobiologie und Epigenetik) in Freiburg, Germany is an interdisciplinary research institute that conducts basic research in modern immunobiology and developmental biology.	Max Planck Institute of Immunobiology and Epigenetics	Germany
country	Buzi-ye Seyf (Persian: بوزي سيف‎, also Romanized as Būzī-ye Seyf; also known as Bozīyeh, Būz, Būzī, and Buzīyeh) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Buzi-ye Seyf	Iran
country	Club Atlético Chaco For Ever, usually just Chaco For Ever, is an Argentine Football club, their home town is Resistencia, in the Province of Chaco in Northern Argentina.	Chaco For Ever	Argentina
country	Hamelin (/ˈhæməlɨn/ or /ˈhæmlɨn/; German: Hameln) is a town on the river Weser in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Hamelin	Germany
country	Mouloud is a town located in the southern Dikhil region of Djibouti.	Mouloud	Djibouti
country	Christ the Redeemer of the Andes (Spanish: Cristo Redentor de los Andes) is a monument high in the Andes at 3,832 metres (12,572 ft) above mean sea level on the border between Argentina and Chile.	Christ the Redeemer of the Andes	Argentina
country	Penrose Island Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of the entrance to Rivers Inlet, 86 km north of Port Hardy at the south end of Fitz Hugh Sound.	Penrose Island Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Lavabon (Persian: لوابن‎, also Romanized as Lavābon) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lavabon	Iran
country	Babhulwade (Marathi: बाभुळवाडे), is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra, India.	Babhulwade	India
country	Lac Sébastien Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CTD3), is located 2 nanometres (7.9×10−8 in) north of Saint-David-de-Falardeau on Lac Sébastien, Quebec, Canada and is open from May until October.	Lac Sébastien Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Poseidonia (Greek: Ποσειδωνία) is a village and a former municipality on the island of Syros, in the Cyclades, Greece.	Poseidonia	Greece
country	Lu'an (Chinese: 六安; pinyin: Lù'ān), is a prefecture-level city in western Anhui province, People's Republic of China, bordering Henan to the northwest and Hubei to the southwest.	Lu'an	People's Republic of China
country	Villarluengo is a municipality at the heart of the mountainous Maestrazgo comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Villarluengo	Spain
country	The Arboretum national des Barres (35 hectares) is a national arboretum located in Nogent-sur-Vernisson, Loiret, Centre, France.	Arboretum national des Barres	France
country	Comprising an area of just 0.845 hectares (2.09 acres), La Romanée is the smallest Grand Cru in Burgundy and the smallest AOC in France.	La Romanée	France
country	Nova Crnja (Serbian Cyrillic: Нова Црња; Hungarian: Magyarcsernye, pronounced (ˈmɒɟɒrt͡ʃɛrɲɛ); German: Neuzerne) is a village and municipality in Central Banat District of Vojvodina, Serbia.	Nova Crnja	Serbia
country	The Matapédia railway station is located on rue MacDonnell in the village of Matapédia, Quebec, Canada.	Matapédia railway station	Canada
country	Ngulu Atoll is a coral atoll of three islands in the Caroline Islands in the Pacific Ocean, and forms a legislative district in Yap State in the Federated States of Micronesia.	Ngulu Atoll	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Isenburg-Meerholz (or Ysenburg-Büdingen-Meerholz) was a County of southern Hesse, Germany.	Isenburg-Meerholz	Germany
country	The El Nuweiba mine is a large mine located in the northern part of Egypt in South Sinai Governorate.	El Nuweiba mine	Egypt
country	Sayenjeq (Persian: ساينجق‎, also Romanized as Sāyenjeq; also known as Sārīnjeq and Sāyenjīq) is a village in Baruq Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sayenjeq	Iran
country	Bulutan (also, Blut’an and Pletants) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bulutan	Azerbaijan
country	Wilgersdorf is a village in the district Siegen-Wittgenstein in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Wilgersdorf	Germany
country	The Aga Khan Palace was built by Sultan Muhammed Shah Aga Khan III in Pune, India.	Aga Khan Palace	India
country	Melipeuco (Spanish pronunciation: (meliˈpeuko)) is a town and commune (Spanish: comuna) in Chile, located at the foot of the Andes, in the Province of Cautín, Araucanía Region.	Melipeuco	Chile
country	Songdhammakalyani Monastery (Thai: ทรงธรรมกัลยาณีภิกษุณีอาราม; rtgs: Songthamkanlayani Phiksuni Aram) is a temple and monastery of Bhikkhuni in Nakhon Pathom, Thailand.	Songdhammakalyani Monastery	Thailand
country	Alcudia de Veo (Catalan: L'Alcúdia de Veo) is a town in eastern Spain, in the province of Castellón, part of the autonomous community of Valencia, on the northern side of the Serra d'Espadàn.	Alcudia de Veo	Spain
country	Massawa, also known as Mitsiwa, Miṣṣiwa), Batsiʿ, is a city on the Red Sea coast of Eritrea located at the northern end of the Gulf of Zula beside the Dahlak Archipelago.	Massawa	Eritrea
country	The Aérotrain was a hovertrain developed in France from 1965 to 1977.	Aérotrain	France
country	Stjørdalshalsen (also known as Stjørdal or Halsen) is a town and the administrative centre of the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Stjørdalshalsen	Norway
country	Lake Urmia (Persian: دریاچه ارومیه‎‎, Daryāche-ye Orūmiye; Azerbaijani: اورمیا ﮔﺆﻟﻮ, Urmiya gölü) is an endorheic salt lake in Iranian Azerbaijan, Iran and near Iran's border with Turkey.	Lake Urmia	Iran
country	Warta Poznań (Polish pronunciation: (ˈvarta ˈpɔznaɲ)) is a multi-sports club based in Poznań, Poland.	Warta Poznań	Poland
country	Qoxmuq (also, Kokhmukh) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qoxmuq	Azerbaijan
country	Bartın Province (Turkish: Bartın ili), a small province in northern Turkey on the Black Sea, surrounds the city of Bartın.	Bartın Province	Turkey
country	Koivusaari (Swedish: Björkholmen) is an island and a district of Helsinki, Finland.	Koivusaari	Finland
country	German submarine U-530 was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft in Hamburg on 8 December 1941 as yard number 345, launched on 28 July 1942 and commissioned on 14 October 1942 with Kapitänleutnant Kurt Lange in command.	German submarine U-530	Nazi Germany
country	Shahdara, is a geographical region in the city of Delhi, India, situated on the banks of Yamuna river.	Shahdara	India
country	Presbyterian High School (Simplified Chinese: 长老会中学) is a government-aided co-ed missionary secondary school in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore.	Presbyterian High School	Singapore
country	The Geno Biosphere Reserve, with a total area of 27,500 hectares, situated in the Hormozgan province of Iran.	Geno Biosphere Reserve	Iran
country	Laguna Blanca National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Laguna Blanca) is a National Park in the west of the province of Neuquén, Argentina, close to the town of Zapala.	Laguna Blanca National Park	Argentina
country	Te Matua Ngahere is a giant kauri (Agathis australis) coniferous tree in the Waipoua Forest of Northland Region, New Zealand.	Te Matua Ngahere	New Zealand
country	Bostanabad (Persian: بستان آباد‎; also Romanized as Bostānābād) is a city in and the capital of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bostanabad	Iran
country	The Vama Mică River is a tributary of the Vama Mare river in Romania.	Vama Mică River	Romania
country	Tranquilandia, (Tranquility-land) was the name of the large cocaine processing laboratory located in the jungles of Caquetá, Colombia.	Tranquilandia	Colombia
country	In Canada, the North American Cordillera is usually divided into three physiographic regions: the western system, the interior system, and the eastern system.	North American Cordillera	Canada
country	Semenyih Dam is one of the Klang Valley major dams in Malaysia.	Semenyih Dam	Malaysia
country	Limbic Entertainment is a game development company based in Germany.	Limbic Entertainment	Germany
country	The Capas National Shrine (Tagalog: Paggunita Sa Capas) in Barangay Navy, Capas, Tarlac, Philippines was built by the Philippine government as a memorial to Allied soldiers who died at Camp O'Donnell at the end of the Bataan Death March during the Second World War.	Capas National Shrine	Philippines
country	Mosalsk (Russian: Моса́льск) is a town and the administrative center of Mosalsky District in Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located 82 kilometers (51 mi) west of Kaluga, the administrative center of the oblast.	Mosalsk	Russia
country	Vrhnika (pronounced (ˈvəɾxnika); German: Oberlaibach) is a town in Slovenia.	Vrhnika	Slovenia
country	The Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Cricket Stadium or Raipur International Cricket Stadium is a cricket field in the city of Naya Raipur, Chhattisgarh, India.	Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Cricket Stadium	India
country	Jezerce pri Dobjem (pronounced (jɛˈzɛːɾtsɛ pɾi ˈdoːbjɛm)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dobje in eastern Slovenia.	Jezerce pri Dobjem	Slovenia
country	Qələdüz (also, Qələduz and Kaladyuz) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qələdüz	Azerbaijan
country	Mexican Federal Highway 180 is a Mexican Federal Highway that follows Mexico's Gulf and Caribbean Coast from the Mexico-U.S. border at Brownsville, Texas, into Matamoros, Tamaulipas, to the resort city of Cancún, Quintana Roo, in the Yucatán Peninsula.	Mexican Federal Highway 180	Mexico
country	Pusti Gradec (pronounced (ˈpuːsti ˈɡɾaːdəts), often Pusti Gradac, German: Oedengraz) is a small settlement east of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Pusti Gradec	Slovenia
country	Wapta Falls is a waterfall located in Yoho National Park in British Columbia, Canada.	Wapta Falls	Canada
country	Esch-sur-Sûre (Luxembourgish: Esch-Sauer, German: Esch-Sauer) is a commune and small town in north-western Luxembourg.	Esch-sur-Sûre	Luxembourg
country	Zungoli is a town and comune in Italy in the province of Avellino about 58 kilometres (36 mi) from the town of Avellino, the Chief Town.	Zungoli	Italy
country	Mount Parthenion (``Mount of the Virgin'', modern Greek: Παρθένιο - Parthenio) is a mountain on the border of Arcadia and Argolis, in the Peloponnese, Greece.	Mount Parthenion	Greece
country	The Department of Railways New South Wales was the agency of the Government of New South Wales that administered rail transport in New South Wales, Australia between 1932 and 1972.	Department of Railways New South Wales	Australia
country	Afytos (Greek, Modern: Άφυτος) is a village in Chalkidiki, northern Greece.	Afytos	Greece
country	The Museum of Fournier de Naipes (Spanish: Museo Fournier de Naipes) is a playing card museum located in Vitoria, Spain.	Museum of Fournier de Naipes	Spain
country	Sørlandet Hospital Kristiansand (Norwegian:Sørlandet Sykehus Kristiansand) is located in Kristiansand, Vest-Agder County in Norway, and is one of the three public hospitals whithin the Hospital of Southern Norway and is a regional hospital.	Sørlandet Hospital Kristiansand	Norway
country	Helsingør Gymnasium (In English: Elsinore High School) is a high school in Elsinore, Denmark.	Helsingør Gymnasium	Denmark
country	Alzey-Worms (German pronunciation: (ˈaltsaɪˈvɔʁms)) is a district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Alzey-Worms	Germany
country	Naseh-ye Mur-e Gham (Persian: نسه مورغم‎, also Romanized as Naseh-ye Mūr-e Gham; also known as Naseh) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Naseh-ye Mur-e Gham	Iran
country	Camp de Túria (Spanish: Campo de Turia) is a comarca in the province of Valencia, Valencian Community, Spain.	Camp de Túria	Spain
country	The Lochy River is a river of New Zealand, flowing into lower Lake Wakatipu.	Lochy River	New Zealand
country	The Khyber Pass (Pashto: د خیبر درہ‎, Urdu: در خیبر‎) (elevation: 1,070 m or 3,510 ft) is a mountain pass connecting Afghanistan and Pakistan, cutting through the northeastern part of the Spin Ghar mountains.	Khyber Pass	Afghanistan	Pakistan
country	The Fellowship of Congregational Churches is a conservative Congregational denomination in Australia.	Fellowship of Congregational Churches	Australia
country	The Turkmen Carpet Museum or the National Carpet Museum is a national museum, situated on 5 Gorogly Street in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.	Turkmen Carpet Museum	Turkmenistan
country	Rosbaram (Persian: رسبرم‎) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rosbaram	Iran
country	Lingzhi Gewog (Dzongkha: གླིང་གཞི་) is a gewog (village block) of Thimphu District, Bhutan.	Lingzhi Gewog	Bhutan
country	Keramia (Greek: Κεραμιά, Δήμος Κεραμιών) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Keramia	Greece
country	Alger républicain (Republican Algeria, الجزائر الجمهورية) is a Arabic language Algerian newspaper published in Algeria.	Alger républicain	Algeria
country	Borg El Arab Stadium is a stadium commissioned in 2006 in the Mediterranean Sea resort of Borg el Arab; 25 km west of Alexandria, Egypt.	Borg El Arab Stadium	Egypt
country	Helsingborg Municipality (Helsingborgs kommun) is a municipality in Skåne County in Sweden.	Helsingborg Municipality	Sweden
country	Avalon University School of Medicine (AUSOM) (previously Xavier University School of Medicine in Bonaire) is a for-profit medical school located in Willemstad, Curaçao, in the Caribbean.	Avalon University School of Medicine	Curaçao
country	Õru is a small borough (alevik) in Valga County, southern Estonia.	Õru	Estonia
country	Machara (Georgian: მაჭარა; Russian: Мачара) is a village in the Gulripshi District of Abkhazia, Georgia.	Machara	Georgia
country	Couture-Saint-Germain is a village and section of the municipality of Lasne, Walloon Brabant, Belgium.	Couture-Saint-Germain	Belgium
country	Wydminy (vɨdˈminɨ) (German Widminnen) is a village in Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wydminy	Poland
country	Padarz (ˈpadaʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Padarz	Poland
country	Humberto Ghizzo Bortoluzzi Regional Airport (IATA: JJG, ICAO: SBJA), also known as Jaguaruna Regional Airport is the airport serving the city of Jaguaruna and the southern region of Santa Catarina, Brazil.	Jaguaruna Regional Airport	Brazil
country	Q'asaqucha (Quechua q'asa mountain pass, qucha lake, ``mountain pass lake'', hispanicized spelling Casacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region, Huaura Province, Santa Leonor District.	Q'asaqucha	Peru
country	Måøy Chapel (Norwegian: Måøy kapell) is a small church on the island of Måøya in the village of Mausund in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Måøy Chapel	Norway
country	Şadılı (also, Shadly and Shadyly) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şadılı	Azerbaijan
country	The Manitoba Grain Growers' Association (MGGA) was a farmer's association that was active in Manitoba, Canada in the first two decades of the 20th century.	Manitoba Grain Growers' Association	Canada
country	Zizzi is a chain of Italian restaurants found across the United Kingdom.	Zizzi	United Kingdom
country	Malestroit (Breton: Malastred) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Malestroit	France
country	Homeart was a kitsch national chain of retail stores with outlets in every state in Australia selling mostly homewares, giftware and electrical products.	Homeart	Australia
country	Jolgeh Shoqan District (Persian: بخش جلگه شوقان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jolgeh Shoqan District	Iran
country	References elsewhere are to the church of St George in Kom Isfaht and to the fact that its name in Roman Egypt was Apollinopolis Heptakomia in the nome, or province, of Apollinopolites Parvus.	Kom Isfaht	Egypt
country	Zarqan Rural District (Persian: دهستان زرقان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zarqan Rural District	Iran
country	Johnson's Harbour is a settlement on the north east coast of East Falkland in the Falkland Islands.	Johnson's Harbour	Falkland Islands
country	Luleå Airport (IATA: LLA, ICAO: ESPA) is located about 5 km south-southeast of Luleå, Sweden, near the village of Kallax.	Luleå Airport	Sweden
country	Kitulgala is a small town in the west of Sri Lanka.	Kitulgala	Sri Lanka
country	Ambilobe (amˌbilʷˈbe) is a city (French: commune, Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	Ambilobe	Madagascar
country	Shouning County (simplified Chinese: 寿宁县; traditional Chinese: 壽寧縣; pinyin: Shòuníng Xiàn; Foochow Romanized: Sêu-nìng-gâing) is a small county located in the northeast of Fujian province of People's Republic of China, near the border with Zhejiang province.	Shouning County	People's Republic of China
country	Pivara (Serbian Cyrillic: Пивара) is one of the municipalities in the city of Kragujevac, Serbia.	Pivara	Serbia
country	Moravské Budějovice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmorafskɛː ˈbuɟɛjovɪt͡sɛ); German: (Mährisch) Budwitz) is a town in Vysočina Region, Czech Republic.	Moravské Budějovice	Czech Republic
country	Roma Tuscolana railway station (Italian: Stazione di Roma Tuscolana) is a major station serving the city and comune of Rome, Italy.	Roma Tuscolana railway station	Italy
country	Krupina (German: Karpfen, Hungarian: Korpona) is a town in southern central Slovakia.	Krupina	Slovakia
country	Paočići (Serbian: Паочићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Paočići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kabargin Oth Group is a group of volcanoes located in Georgia (South Ossetia).	Kabargin Oth Group	Georgia
country	Íþróttafélagið Þór, commonly known as Þór Akureyri, simply Þór or Thór, is a sport club in Akureyri, Iceland.	Þór Akureyri	Iceland
country	Khazar-e Yek (Persian: خزريك‎, also Romanized as Khaẕar-e Yek and Kheẕer-e Yek) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khazar-e Yek	Iran
country	Svilengrad (Bulgarian: Свиленград) is a town in Haskovo Province, South-central Bulgaria, situated at the border of Turkey and Greece.	Svilengrad	Bulgaria
country	Cenon-sur-Vienne is a commune in the Vienne department in the Poitou-Charentes region in western France.	Cenon-sur-Vienne	France
country	The 2010 Salta earthquake occurred on February 27 at 12:45:36 local time in Salta Province, Argentina and had a magnitude of 6.3.	2010 Salta earthquake	Argentina
country	Cross Lake First Nation (Cree: Pimicikamāk Nīhithawī ``Cree of the Lake that lies Athwart'' or Nikikonakos ``Otter People'') is a band of Cree First Nations people in Canada governed under the Indian Act.	Cross Lake First Nation	Canada
country	Goldau is a city in the community of Arth, canton of Schwyz, Switzerland.	Goldau	Switzerland
country	Bridge Pā is a rural Māori settlement and surrounding area in Hawke's Bay, New Zealand, located approximately 10 kilometres inland from Hastings.	Bridge Pā	New Zealand
country	Marsaxlokk Ground is a football pitch in Marsaxlokk, a traditional fishing village located in the south-eastern part of Malta.	Marsaxlokk Ground	Malta
country	Karol Bagh, also spelled as Qarol Bagh (Hindi: क़रोल बाग़, Punjabi: ਕ਼ਰੋਲ ਬਾਗ਼, Urdu: قرول باغ‎, pronounced (qəroːl baːɣ)), is a mixed residential-cum-commercial neighbourhood in Delhi, India, known for its shopping streets, like the Ghaffar Market and Ajmal Khan Road.	Karol Bagh	India
country	Kalbali (Persian: كلبعلي‎, also Romanized as Kalb``alī; also known as Kalbī and Kalvī) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 11 families.	Kalbali	Iran
country	The Ontario English Catholic Teachers' Association (OECTA) is an organization that represents teachers in publicly funded Roman Catholic schools in Ontario, Canada.	Ontario English Catholic Teachers' Association	Canada
country	Aldershvile slotspark ia public park in Bagsværd, Gladsaxe Municipality, situated on the south side of Bagsværd Lake in the northwestern suburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Aldershvile slotspark	Denmark
country	Leivonmäki National Park (Finnish: Leivonmäen kansallispuisto) is a national park in Central Finland.	Leivonmäki National Park	Finland
country	Côtes de Duras is an Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC) for red and white wines in South West France.	Côtes de Duras	France
country	Nguludi is a village in southeastern Malawi, several kilometres east of Limbe and Blantyre.	Nguludi	Malawi
country	Finike, the ancient Phoenicus (Ancient Greek: Φοινικοῦς), also formerly Phineka, is a district on the Mediterranean coast of Antalya Province in Turkey, to the west of the city of Antalya, along the Turkish Riviera.	Finike	Turkey
country	Central Zagori (Greek: Κεντρικό Ζαγόρι) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Central Zagori	Greece
country	Cheeranchira is a suburb of Changanasserry town, Kerala State in India.	Cheeranchira	India
country	The Castillo de San Julián, also known as Saint Julian's Fort, is a fort in Cartagena, Spain.	Castillo de San Julián	Spain
country	Kanjiramattom in Ernakualm District, Kerala, India is a suburban area of the City of Kochi,Kerala, India, lying approx 25km southeast to the City of Kochi.	Kanjiramattom	India
country	Mahandri is a village in the Kaghan Valley in the Mansehra District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Mahandri	Pakistan
country	Vatolaivy is a small village in Arivonimamo, west of Antananarivo, Madagascar.	Vatolaivy	Madagascar
country	Central University of Finance and Economics (CUFE) was founded in 1949, shortly after the founding of the People's Republic of China.	Central University of Finance and Economics	People's Republic of China
country	Migdal Afek (Hebrew: מגדל אפק‎), also Migdal Tsedek (Hebrew: מגדל צדק‎), is a national park near Rosh HaAyin, Israel.	Migdal Afek	Israel
country	Niva International School (Niva IS) is a privately owned coeducational school located in Bang Kapi District, Bangkok, Thailand.	Niva International School	Thailand
country	German submarine U-2511 was a Type XXI U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The Elektroboote submarine was laid down on 7 July 1944 at the Blohm & Voss yard at Hamburg, launched on 2 September 1944, and commissioned on 29 September 1944 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Adalbert Schnee.	German submarine U-2511	Germany
country	The Sassalb (also known as Sassalbo) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps, located in Graubünden, Switzerland.	Sassalb	Switzerland
country	Caraz is a town in the Caraz District in the southeastern part of Huaylas Province of the Ancash Region in Peru.	Caraz	Peru
country	The Buddhist Association of China (BCA; simplified Chinese: 中国佛教协会; traditional Chinese: 中國佛教協會; pinyin: Zhōngguó Fójiào Xiéhuì) is a major organization of Chinese Buddhism, which serves as the official supervisory organ of Buddhism in the People's Republic of China.	Buddhist Association of China	People's Republic of China
country	Hambantota (Sinhalese: හම්බන්තොට, Tamil: அம்பாந்தோட்டை) is the main town in Hambantota District, Southern Province, Sri Lanka.	Hambantota	Sri Lanka
country	Padise Abbey (Estonian: Padise klooster) was a former Cistercian monastery in Padise in Harju County, Estonia, settled in 1310 by the dispossessed monks of Dünamünde Abbey in Latvia.	Padise Abbey	Estonia
country	Machanlu (Persian: ماچانلو‎, also Romanized as Māchānlū) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Machanlu	Iran
country	Dinder National Park is a national park and biosphere reserve in eastern Sudan, on the Sudanese border with Ethiopia.	Dinder National Park	Sudan
country	Sońsk (sɔɲsk) is a village in Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sońsk	Poland
country	Rastede Castle (German: Schloss Rastede) is a castle at Rastede near Oldenburg, Germany.	Rastede Castle	Germany
country	Stare Koluszki (ˈstarɛ kɔˈluʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stare Koluszki	Poland
country	Rupat is an island in the Strait of Malacca, and forms part of Bengkalis Regency within Riau Province of Indonesia.	Rupat	Indonesia
country	Taboadela is a small municipality in the Province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	Taboadela	Spain
country	Cobar Airport (IATA: CAZ, ICAO: YCBA) is an airport located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) southwest of Cobar, a town in New South Wales, Australia.	Cobar Airport	Australia
country	Chahar Farsakh (Persian: چهارفرسخ‎, also Romanized as Chahār Farsakh and Chehār Farsakh; also known as Chahār Farsang and Chehār Farsang) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahar Farsakh	Iran
country	Bardaleh (Persian: بردله‎) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bardaleh	Iran
country	Mareeba Airfield (IATA: MRG, ICAO: YMBA) is an airfield located 4.3 nautical miles (8.0 km; 4.9 mi) south of Mareeba, Queensland, Australia.	Mareeba Airfield	Australia
country	The Beaune coach crash occurred on 31 July 1982 on the French A6 motorway near Beaune, in the Côte-d’Or département of east-central France.	Beaune coach crash	France
country	Vrtlište (Cyrillic: Вртлиште) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrtlište	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mannekensvere is a small rural village in Belgium, located in the Polder region.	Mannekensvere	Belgium
country	Guemar Airport is the airport for El Oued, Algeria (IATA: ELU, ICAO: DAUO).	Guemar Airport	Algeria
country	Gunzwil was a municipality within the district of Sursee, in the canton of Lucerne, Switzerland.	Gunzwil	Switzerland
country	Marčana (Italian: Marzana) is a village and municipality in the southern part of Istria, Croatia, 15 km northeast of Pula; elevation 170 m. Chief occupation is farming.	Marčana	Croatia
country	Trongisvágsfjørður is a fjord on the island of Suðuroy in the Faroe Islands.	Trongisvágsfjørður	Faroe Islands
country	Wąsosz Dolny (ˈvɔ̃sɔʂ ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wąsosz Dolny	Poland
country	José María Córdova International Airport (IATA: MDE, ICAO: SKRG) is the second largest airport in Colombia after El Dorado International Airport of Bogotá in terms of infrastructure and passenger service.	José María Córdova International Airport	Colombia
country	Järfälla HC is an icehockey club from Järfälla, Stockholm, Sweden.	Järfälla HC	Sweden
country	Baoding Railway Station (Chinese: 保定站) is a railway station located in Hebei Province, People's Republic of China.	Baoding Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The Dennery River is the river on the southern end of the fishing village of Dennery on the island of Saint Lucia.	Dennery River	Saint Lucia
country	Ilesa (Yoruba: Iléṣà) is a city located in the Osun State, south west Nigeria; it is also the name of a historic state (also known as Ijesha or Ijesa) centered on that city.	Ilesa	Nigeria
country	CJFO-FM (branded as Unique FM) is a radio station which broadcasts a francophone community radio format on the frequency 94.5 FM/MHz in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	CJFO-FM	Canada
country	The Zhiguli Hydroelectric Station or Zhigulyovskaya Hydroelectric Station (Russian: Жигулёвская ГЭС, Zhigulyovskaya GES), formerly known as Kuybyshev Hydroelectric Station (Kuybyshev GES) is a large dam and hydroelectric station on the Volga River, located near Zhigulyovsk and Tolyatti in Samara Oblast of Russia.	Zhiguli Hydroelectric Station	Russia
country	The Münchner Haus on Germany's highest mountain, the Zugspitze, is an Alpine Club hut belonging to the Munich Section of the German Alpine Club (DAV).	Münchner Haus	Germany
country	The Shops Bill 1986 was a parliamentary bill in the United Kingdom that would have ended government regulation of Sunday shopping in England and Wales.	Shops Bill 1986	United Kingdom
country	Bono-dong (Hangul: 본오동; hanja: 本五洞) is a neighbourhood of Sangnok-gu, Ansan, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Bono-dong	South Korea
country	Haßberge Nature Park (German: Naturpark Haßberge) is a park of 804 km2 (310 sq mi) located in the north east of Franconian Keuperland in Bavaria, Germany.	Haßberge Nature Park	Germany
country	Utøya (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈʉːtœʏɑ)) is an island in the Tyrifjorden lake in Hole municipality, in the county of Buskerud, Norway.	Utøya	Norway
country	Cotechino Modena or Cotechino di Modena (koteˈkiːno di ˈmɔːdena) (spelled cotecchino or coteghino in some major dialects, but not in Italian) is a fresh sausage made from pork, fatback, and pork rind, and comes from Modena, Italy, where it has PGI status.	Cotechino Modena	Italy
country	Łężkowice (wɛ̃ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłaj, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łężkowice	Poland
country	Villach (German pronunciation: /ˈfɪlax/ ; Slovene: Beljak, Italian: Villaco, Friulian: Vilac) is the seventh-largest city in Austria and the second-largest in the federal state of Carinthia.	Villach	Austria
country	The Fort du Scex is a component of Fortress Saint-Maurice, which is in turn one of the three principal fortified regions of the National Redoubt of Switzerland.	Fort du Scex	Switzerland
country	Monjas is a municipality in the Jalapa department of Guatemala, approximately 50 miles from Guatemala City, Guatemala.	Monjas	Guatemala
country	Axtaxana (also, Akhtakhana) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Axtaxana	Azerbaijan
country	The Bremen Cotton Exchange (German: Bremer Baumwollbörse) was built in 1902 on the market square in Bremen, Germany, to house the offices of the city's cotton exchange founded in 1872.	Bremen Cotton Exchange	Germany
country	Plomodiern (Breton: Ploudiern) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Plomodiern	France
country	The Wreck is a surf spot located at Byron Bay, New South Wales, Australia.	The Wreck	Australia
country	Barrio San Pedro Pescador is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina, located on the thin coastal levee of the Paraná River.	Barrio San Pedro Pescador	Argentina
country	The Gulf of Tonkin (Vietnamese: Vịnh Bắc Bộ, simplified Chinese: 北部湾; traditional Chinese: 北部灣; pinyin: Běibù Wān) is a body of water located off the coast of northern Vietnam and southern China.	Gulf of Tonkin	Vietnam
country	Seh Gor (Persian: سه گر‎) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Seh Gor	Iran
country	Changizah (Persian: چنگيزه‎, also Romanized as Changīzah) is a village in Kivanat Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Changizah	Iran
country	Tongeren (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɔŋərə(n)), French: Tongres (tɔ̃gʁ), German: Tongern (ˈtɔŋɐn)) is a city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg, in the southeastern corner of the Flemish region of Belgium.	Tongeren	Belgium
country	Glen Eden Intermediate School is a state Co-Educational Intermediate school located just north of Titirangi in the small suburb of Kaurilands in Auckland, New Zealand.	Glen Eden Intermediate School	New Zealand
country	Vézelay Abbey (French: Abbaye Sainte-Marie-Madeleine de Vézelay) was a Benedictine and Cluniac monastery in Vézelay in the Yonne department in northern Burgundy, France.	Vézelay Abbey	France
country	Saidu Sharif Airport (IATA: SDT, ICAO: OPSS) is an airport in Pakistan.	Saidu Sharif Airport	Pakistan
country	Monte Soratte (ancient: Soracte) is a mountain ridge in the province of Rome, Italy.	Monte Soratte	Italy
country	Coracora (in hispanicized spelling) or Qura Qura (Quechua qura herbaceous plant, the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something, ``a complex of herbaceous plants'') is a town in central Peru, and it is the capital of the Parinacochas Province in the Ayacucho Region.	Coracora	Peru
country	Pechenizhyn (Ukrainian: Печеніжин, Polish: Peczeniżyn, Yiddish: פעטשיניזשן‎) is an urban-type settlement in Kolomyia Raion, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine, 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kolomyya.	Pechenizhyn	Ukraine
country	Vindö is a large, fairly densely populated island in Stockholm County, Svealand, Sweden, in the Stockholm archipelago, between Värmdö and Kanholmsfjärden.	Vindö	Sweden
country	Narasaraopet (Assembly constituency) is a constituency of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly, India.	Narasaraopet (Assembly constituency)	India
country	The 1626 Naples earthquake struck Naples, Italy on July 30.	1626 Naples earthquake	Italy
country	The High Speed Rail (Preparation) Act 2013 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom which allows expenditure on essential preparatory work, including construction design, on Phase One and Phase Two of HS2 and all future phases of a high speed rail network.	High Speed Rail (Preparation) Act 2013	United Kingdom
country	The Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers' International Union (BCTGM) is a labor union in the United States and Canada primarily representing workers in the food processing industry.	Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers' International Union	Canada
country	Leros Municipal Airport (Greek: Δημοτικός Αερολιμένας Λέρου, Dimotikós Aeroliménas Lérou) (IATA: LRS, ICAO: LGLE) is an airport serving the island of Leros in Greece.	Leros Municipal Airport	Greece
country	Balrothery (Irish: Baile an Ridire) is a village located in Fingal, Ireland.	Balrothery	Ireland
country	Scheienkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria, although the summit is in Austria, in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2,159 metres (7,083 ft).	Scheienkopf	Liechtenstein	Austria
country	Tambolaka is the capital of the Southwest Sumba Regency, Sumba, East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia.	Tambolaka	Indonesia
country	Solstad Church (Norwegian: Solstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bindal in Nordland county, Norway.	Solstad Church	Norway
country	Bobital (Breton: Bowidel, Gallo: Bobitau) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in north-western France.	Bobital	France
country	Koné Airport (IATA: KNQ, ICAO: NWWD) is an airport serving Koné, a commune in the North Province of New Caledonia (French: Nouvelle-Calédonie), an overseas territory (territoire d'outre-mer) of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Koné Airport	New Caledonia
country	The Sognsvann Line (Norwegian: Sognsvannsbanen) is a rapid transit line on the Oslo Metro of Norway.	Sognsvann Line	Norway
country	The Universidad Intercontinental (commonly known as UIC; in English: Intercontinental University) is a private Catholic University, located in Mexico City.	Universidad Intercontinental	Mexico
country	Akbar Sara (Persian: اكبرسرا‎, also Romanized as Akbar Sarā and Akbarsarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Akbar Sara	Iran
country	Spanien Public Baths (Danish: Badeanstalten Spanien), colloquially known simply as Spanien, is a public bath house and a listed building in Aarhus, Denmark.	Spanien Public Baths	Denmark
country	Ecoparc Windhof (Luxembourgish: Wandhaff) is a village in the south of the commune of Koerich in south-western Luxembourg.	Windhof	Luxembourg
country	The Mwenezi River starts up in south central Zimbabwe and flows south-east along what is known as the Mwenezi River Valley that bisects the district into two sectors.	Mwenezi River	Zimbabwe
country	Qawah is a small fishing village in Lahij Governorate on the south coast of Yemen, about 60 kilometres west of Aden, and one of the southernmost points of the Arabia.	Qawah	Yemen
country	Kodungoor Devi Temple is a famous temple located at Kodungoor, Kerala, India.	Kodungoor Devi Temple	India
country	Miniyeh (Arabic: المنية‎, French: Minieh) is the capital of the Miniyeh-Danniyeh District in North Governorate of Lebanon.	Miniyeh	Lebanon
country	Baba Gandha Singh Public School, or BGS Barnala, is a school in Barnala, Punjab, India.	Baba Gandha Singh Public School	India
country	Hijan (Persian: هيجان‎, also Romanized as Hījān) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hijan	Iran
country	Les Avenières-Veyrins-Thuellin is a commune in the Isère department of southeastern France.	Les Avenières-Veyrins-Thuellin	France
country	Malaysia refers to part of the Ambalat block as Block ND6 (formerly Block Y) and part of East Ambalat Block as Block ND7 (formerly Block Z).	Ambalat	Malaysia
country	Bagh-e Bahadoran (Persian: باغ بهادران‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bahādorān and Bāgh-e Bahāderān; also known as Bāgh Bādārān, Bāgh-e Bāderān, and Bahādorān) is a city in and the capital of Bagh-e Bahadoran District, in Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Bahadoran	Iran
country	Ridi Viharaya (Sinhalese: රිදී විහාරය) or Silver Temple is a 2nd-century BCE Theravada Buddhist temple in the village of Ridigama, Sri Lanka.	Ridi Viharaya	Sri Lanka
country	The National Leader was a newspaper published in Brisbane, Australia from 1916-1918.	The National Leader	Australia
country	The Canadian Auto Workers (CAW; formally the National Automobile, Aerospace, Transportation and General Workers Union of Canada) was one of Canada's largest and highest profile labour unions.	Canadian Auto Workers	Canada
country	Kfar Tavor (Hebrew: כְּפַר תַּבוֹר, Arabic: كفر تافور‎) is a village in the Lower Galilee region of Northern Israel, at the foot of Mount Tabor.	Kfar Tavor	Israel
country	The city of Limpio (formerly known as Tapúa) is located in the Central Department, Paraguay.	Limpio	Paraguay
country	Barbarówka (barbaˈrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Barbarówka	Poland
country	Aurelin (auˈrɛlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Aurelin	Poland
country	Santa Venera is a town in the Central Region of Malta, with a population of around 6,932 (March 2014).	Santa Venera	Malta
country	The Biga River (Turkish: Biga Çayı) is a small river or large creek in Çanakkale Province in northwestern Turkey.	Biga Çayı	Turkey
country	Calatafimi-Segesta (Sicilian: Calatafimi-Seggesta) is a small town, more popularly known simply as Calatafimi, in the Province of Trapani, in Sicily, southern Italy.	Calatafimi-Segesta	Italy
country	Ghisonaccia Alzitone Airport (ICAO: LFKG) is an airport in France, located 2 km (1.2 mi) north of Ghisonaccia in the Haute-Corse department, approximately 335 km (208 mi) southeast of Corte on Corsica.	Ghisonaccia Alzitone Airport	France
country	Ayem is a small town in central western Gabon.	Ayem	Gabon
country	Westering High School is a co-ed high school in Westering, Port Elizabeth, South Africa catering for English-speaking students from grade 8 to 12.	Westering High School	South Africa
country	Kotupna is a small locality in northern Victoria, Australia in the local government area of the Shire of Moira.	Kotupna	Australia
country	The Information Tribunal was a tribunal non-departmental public body in the United Kingdom.	Information Tribunal	United Kingdom
country	Cheshmeh Sheykh (Persian: چشمه شيخ‎, also Romanized as Chashmeh Sheykh; also known as Chasmeh Sheykh) is a village in Dorunak Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Sheykh	Iran
country	Chiriguaná (Spanish pronunciation: (tʃiɾiɣwaˈna)) is a city and municipality in the Department of Cesar, Colombia.	Chiriguaná	Colombia
country	Italian Week business and corporate partners include over the six years the Treasury Casino, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Marriott Hotel, Sofitel Brisbane Central, Di Bella Coffee, Elio Moda, Vittoria Coffee and many more.	Italian Week	Australia
country	Sudbury/Ramsey Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNB8), was located adjacent to Lake Ramsey in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.	Sudbury/Ramsey Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Psary Wielkie (ˈpsarɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Feldkamp Abbau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Psary Wielkie	Poland
country	Lastage is a neighbourhood in the Centrum district of Amsterdam, in the Netherlands.	Lastage	Netherlands
country	Alfrick Pound is a small village in the county of Worcestershire, England, in the United Kingdom.	Alfrick Pound	United Kingdom
country	Marmora and Lake is a township municipality in Hastings County in Central Ontario, Canada.	Marmora and Lake	Canada
country	Meghauli Airport (IATA: MEY, ICAO: VNMG) is an airport serving Meghauli, a village in the Chitwan district of the Narayani zone in southern Nepal.	Meghauli Airport	Nepal
country	The Capilano Review (TCR) is a Canadian tri-annual literary magazine located and published in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and is based at the North Vancouver campus of Capilano University.	The Capilano Review	Canada
country	Haraba (Ukrainian: Гараба; Russian: Гараба) is a commune in the Rîbnița District of Transnistria, Moldova.	Haraba	Moldova
country	Yekleh (Persian: يكله‎) is a village in Jeyhun Dasht Rural District, Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Yekleh	Iran
country	Ma'agalim (Hebrew: מַעְגָלִים, lit. Paths) is a national-religious communal settlement in southern Israel.	Ma'agalim	Israel
country	The Finger Plan (Danish: Fingerplanen) is an urban plan from 1947 which provides a strategy for the development of the Copenhagen metropolitan area, Denmark.	Finger Plan	Denmark
country	Dublin Mosque is a mosque on the South Circular Road, Dublin in Ireland.	Dublin Mosque	Ireland
country	Sơn La Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Black River in Ít Ong, Mường La District, Sơn La Province, Vietnam.	Sơn La Dam	Vietnam
country	Dangram Sangota (Pashto: ،دنګرام سنګوټه) is an administrative unit, known as Union council in Tehsil Babuzai, or Wards of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Dangram	Pakistan
country	Taman Ria is a very small residential area located near Plentong and Permas Jaya, Johor, Malaysia.	Taman Ria	Malaysia
country	Boryeonsan is a mountain in the city of Chungju, Chungcheongbuk-do in South Korea.	Boryeonsan	South Korea
country	Lake Magog is a freshwater lake located in the Estrie region of Quebec, Canada.	Lake Magog	Canada
country	Duzaj (Persian: دوزج‎, also Romanized as Dūzaj) is a village in Duzaj Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Duzaj	Iran
country	Müdrəsə (also, Mədrəsə, Müdrusə, Myudresa, and Myudryuse) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Müdrəsə	Azerbaijan
country	Vitebsk or Vitsebsk (Belarusian: Ві́цебск, Łacinka: Viciebsk, pronounced (ˈvʲitsʲepsk); Russian: Ви́тебск, pronounced (ˈvʲitʲɪpsk); Polish: Witebsk, Yiddish: וויטעבסק‎), is a city in Belarus.	Vitebsk	Belarus
country	The Jeddah Regional Museum of Archaeology and Ethnography is a major museum in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.	Jeddah Regional Museum of Archaeology and Ethnography	Saudi Arabia
country	Mtevandidi is an indigenous red grape variety from the region of Guria in the country of Georgia, primarily used for producing table wine.	Mtevandidi	Georgia
country	The Malacca Stamp Museum (Malay: Muzium Setem Melaka) is a postal museum in Malacca City, Malacca, Malaysia.	Malacca Stamp Museum	Malaysia
country	Wakenaam is an island of about 17.5 square miles (45 km2) at the mouth of the Essequibo River of Guyana.	Wakenaam	Guyana
country	Jamabad (Persian: جام اباد‎, also Romanized as Jāmābād and Jamābād) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Jamabad	Iran
country	Manduyog Hill is a religious sanctuary located at the Aklan State University, Banga, Aklan, the Philippines.	Manduyog Hill	Philippines
country	Nereo Cave (Italian: Grotta di Nereo; Catalan: Cova de Nereu) is a huge underwater sea-cave situated on the north-west of Sardinia in the Coral riviera of Alghero, Italy.	Nereo Cave	Italy
country	Tlokweng is a village located directly adjacent to the capital of Botswana, Gaborone, in the South-East District.	Tlokweng	Botswana
country	Kamaran Island (Arabic: كمران‎ Kamarān) is the largest Yemen-controlled island in the Red Sea.	Kamaran	Yemen
country	Lake Bolsena (Italian: Lago di Bolsena) is a crater lake of central Italy, of volcanic origin, which began to collect 370,000 years ago following the formation of a caldera in the Vulsini volcanic complex.	Lake Bolsena	Italy
country	Onarheimsvatnet or Opsangervatnet is a lake in the municipality of Kvinnherad in Hordaland county, Norway.	Onarheimsvatnet	Norway
country	Dalen Hotel is a historic hotel in Dalen in the municipality of Tokke in Telemark county, Norway.	Dalen Hotel	Norway
country	Sincanboyat (also, Sincanboyad, Bayat-Sindzhap and Sindzhanboyat) is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sincanboyat	Azerbaijan
country	Spray Valley Provincial Park is a provincial park located east of the Rocky Mountains, along the Spray River in western Alberta, Canada.	Spray Valley Provincial Park	Canada
country	Villa Paz S.A. is an urban fragment adjoined to the city of La Paz in the Canelones Department, southern Uruguay.	Villa Paz S.A.	Uruguay
country	Staffarda Abbey (Santa Maria di Staffarda) is a Cistercian monastery located near Saluzzo in north-west Italy; it was founded as a daughter house of Tiglieto Abbey in 1135 by Manfred I, Marquis of Saluzzo.	Staffarda Abbey	Italy
country	Kylling Bridge (Norwegian: Kylling bru) is a railway bridge in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Kylling Bridge	Norway
country	Germany's Bundesstraßen network has a total length of about 40,000 km. German Bundesstraßen are labelled with rectangular yellow signs with black numerals, as opposed to the white-on-blue markers of the Autobahn controlled-access highways.	Bundesstraße	Germany
country	Zonda wind (in Spanish, viento zonda) is a regional term for the foehn wind that often occurs on the eastern slope of the Andes, in Argentina.	Zonda wind	Argentina
country	Puerto El Triunfo is a municipality in the Usulután department of El Salvador Beginning as a coffee trade port, Puerto El triunfo was founded in 1875 as a need for the exportation of the coffee industry in northern Usulután.	Puerto El Triunfo	El Salvador
country	Affoltern District (also known as Kronaueramt or Säuliamt) is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland.	Affoltern District	Switzerland
country	Węgój (ˈvɛnɡui̯) (German: Wengoyen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Węgój	Poland
country	Exploits Valley (Botwood) Airport (TC LID: CCP2) is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) west southwest of Botwood, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Exploits Valley (Botwood) Airport	Canada
country	Messini (Greek: Μεσσήνη) is a municipal unit (dimotiki enotita) and seat (edra) of the municipality (dimos) of Messini within the regional unit (perifereiaki enotita) of Messenia in the region (perifereia) of Peloponnese, one of 13 regions into which Greece has been divided.	Messini	Greece
country	The Pipeline Authority Act 1973 was an Act of the Parliament of Australia.	Pipeline Authority Act 1973	Australia
country	Liternum was an ancient town of Campania, Italy, on the low sandy coast between Cumae and the mouth of the Volturnus.	Liternum	Italy
country	Bucharest (/ˈbjuːkərɛst/; Romanian: București, pronounced (bukuˈreʃtʲ)) is the capital and largest city of Romania, as well as its cultural, industrial, and financial centre.	Bucharest	Romania
country	The Bucșa River or Bărbulețu River is a headwater of the Bângăleasa River in Romania.	Bucșa River	Romania
country	Mogotón is a mountain in the Reserva Nacional Cordillera Dipilto y Jalapa on the border of Nicaragua and Honduras.	Mogotón	Nicaragua	Honduras
country	Bến Súc was a village in Dầu Tiếng District that was evacuated then systematically destroyed in January 1967, Operation Cedar Falls, during the Vietnam War.	Bến Súc	Vietnam
country	Starobashirovo (Russian: Старобаширово, Bashkir: Иҫке Бәшир) is a rural locality (a selo) in Chekmagushevsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Starobashirovo	Russia
country	Spodnji Razbor (pronounced (ˈspoːdnji ˈɾaːzbɔɾ)) is a dispersed settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia.	Spodnji Razbor	Slovenia
country	Rinka Falls (pronounced (ˈɾiːŋka); Slovene: slap Rinka) is a waterfall in the Logar Valley, in the Municipality of Solčava in northern Slovenia.	Rinka Falls	Slovenia
country	Metro Instituto del Petróleo is a station along Line 5 and Line 6 of the metro of Mexico City serving the Colonia Valle del Tepeyac, Colonia San Bartolo Atepehuapan, and Colonia Nueva Industrial districts of the Gustavo A. Madero delegation of Mexico City.	Metro Instituto del Petróleo	Mexico
country	Stražgonjca (pronounced (stɾaʒˈɡoːntsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia.	Stražgonjca	Slovenia
country	Bergen Heliport, Nygårdstangen (ICAO: ENBG; Norwegian: Bergen helikopterplass, Nygårdstangen) was a heliport situated at Nygårdstangen on the shore of Store Lungegårdsvannet in Bergen, Norway.	Bergen Heliport, Nygårdstangen	Norway
country	Nový Bydžov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnoviː ˈbɪdʒof); German: Neubidschow) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Nový Bydžov	Czech Republic
country	Yanping Township (Chinese: 延平鄉; pinyin: Yánpíng Xiāng) is a mountain indigenous township in Taitung County, Taiwan.	Yanping Township	Taiwan
country	Altay Airport (Chinese: 阿勒泰机场; pinyin: Ālètài Jīchǎng) (IATA: AAT, ICAO: ZWAT) is an airport serving Altay, a city in the autonomous region of Xinjiang in the People's Republic of China.	Altay Airport	People's Republic of China
country	The Church of the Risen Lord is a Protestant church located at the University of the Philippines campus in Diliman, Quezon City, Philippines.	Church of the Risen Lord	Philippines
country	In addition to several production facilities in Germany, the ABUS Group operates around 20 foreign branches in Europe, the USA and China.	ABUS	Germany
country	Prague 8 is a municipal district (městská část) in Prague, Czech Republic.	Prague 8	Czech Republic
country	Madiun Regency is a Regency in East Java province, Indonesia.	Madiun Regency	Indonesia
country	Mandrem (Konkani: मांद्रें) is a coastal village famous as a tourist spot in North Goa district of Goa state in India.	Mandrem	India
country	The Slutsk Affair refers to the massacre of thousands of Jews and others that occurred in Slutsk, Belarus in the Soviet Union, in October 1941, near the city of Minsk while under German occupation during World War II. The perpetrators were a combination of Gestapo special forces and Lithuanian allies of the Third Reich.	Slutsk Affair	Belarus
country	Dowgur (Persian: دوگور‎, also Romanized as Dowgūr and Dugur; also known as Dogūr) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dowgur	Iran
country	The Mahdia Museum is a museum in Tunisia specialising in Tunisian archaeology and heritage.	Mahdia Museum	Tunisia
country	Kolonia Kąty (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈkɔntɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Kąty	Poland
country	A luta continua (in English: the struggle continues) was the rallying cry of the FRELIMO movement during Mozambique's war for independence.	A luta continua	Mozambique
country	Sylhet Agricultural University (Bengali: সিলেট কৃষি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) is a government-financed public university in Sylhet, Bangladesh.	Sylhet Agricultural University	Bangladesh
country	The Frankfurt Zoological Garden is the zoo of Frankfurt, Germany.	Frankfurt Zoological Garden	Germany
country	Vyškov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvɪʃkof); German: Wischau) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Vyškov	Czech Republic
country	Zinab (Persian: زيناب‎, also Romanized as Zīnāb) is a village in Sis Rural District, in the Central District of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zinab	Iran
country	Sengkang Community Club (Simplified Chinese: 盛港社区中心) is an amenity centre in Sengkang, within the North-East Region of Singapore.	Sengkang Community Club	Singapore
country	The Lionel Wendt Art Centre is a major art centre and theatre in Colombo, Sri Lanka, dedicated to the memory of Sri Lankan photographic artist Lionel Wendt.	Lionel Wendt Art Centre	Sri Lanka
country	Wenji Gefersa (also transliterated Wenji, Wonji) is a town in central Ethiopia.	Wenji Gefersa	Ethiopia
country	Kowslar (Persian: كوسلر‎, also Romanized as Kows̄lar and Kūs̄lar) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District, Gomishan District, Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kowslar	Iran
country	Royal Oak Intermediate School is an intermediate school in Auckland, New Zealand.	Royal Oak Intermediate	New Zealand
country	Male Lese (pronounced (ˈmaːlɛ ˈleːsɛ); German: Kleinlesse) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Male Lese	Slovenia
country	Atkamba Airport (IATA: ABP) is an airport serving Atkamba, in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.	Atkamba Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	The Gayatri River rises in Panchaganga temple in old Mahabaleshwar and is a tributary of the Krishna River in western Maharashtra, India.	Gayatri River	India
country	Morin Lake is a small lake northwest of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Morin Lake	Canada
country	Saint-Baraing is a village and commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.	Saint-Baraing	France
country	Kukup is a small fishing village in Pontian District, Johor, Malaysia.	Kukup	Malaysia
country	Solovki Airport (IATA: CSH, ICAO: ULAS) is an airport in Russia on the Solovetsky Islands.	Solovki Airport	Russia
country	Dubiecko (duˈbjɛt͡skɔ) (Yiddish: דיבעצק‎ Dubetzk) is a village in Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in southeastern Poland.	Dubiecko	Poland
country	Polyarnye Zori (Russian: Поля́рные Зо́ри, lit. polar dawns) is a town in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Niva River, Lake Imandra, and Lake Pinozero, 224 kilometers (139 mi) south of Murmansk.	Polyarnye Zori	Russia
country	Kafch (Persian: كافچ‎, also Romanized as Kāfch; also known as Gerīcheh, Kadcheh, Kāfj, and Kedcheh) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, Bala Velayat District, Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kafch	Iran
country	Taghum, originally Williams Siding, is an unincorporated community and railway point on the north side of the west arm of Kootenay Lake in the West Kootenay region of the southeastern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Taghum	Canada
country	New Julfa Armenian Cemetery is a historical cemetery near New Julfa Armenian quarter of Isfahan, Iran.	New Julfa Armenian Cemetery	Iran
country	Uspenka (Ukrainian: Успенка) is an urban-type settlement in Lutuhyne Raion, a part of Luhansk Oblast within Ukraine.	Uspenka	Ukraine
country	Takal is the biggest village of Kallar Syedan Tehsil in the Rawalpindi District of Punjab, Pakistan.	Takal	Pakistan
country	Kogalu River is a waterway on the eastern coast of Baffin Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Kogalu River	Canada
country	Siglufjörður Airport or Siglufjordur Airport (IATA: SIJ, ICAO: BISI) is an airport serving Siglufjörður, Iceland.	Siglufjörður Airport	Iceland
country	Köhlbrand is an anabranch of the Unterelbe river in the Port of Hamburg, Germany.	Köhlbrand	Germany
country	Tygerberg Hospital is a tertiary hospital located in Bellville, Cape Town, South Africa.	Tygerberg Hospital	South Africa
country	Bayijuq (Persian: بايجوق‎, also Romanized as Bāyījūq; also known as Bārījūq) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bayijuq	Iran
country	Bunbury Regional Prison is a multi-security prison located in College Grove, a southern suburb of Bunbury, Western Australia.	Bunbury Regional Prison	Australia
country	Santo Antônio do Paraíso (Portuguese meaning ``Saint Anthony of paradise'') is a municipality of the state of Paraná, Brazil.	Santo Antônio do Paraíso	Brazil
country	Cathedral Church of the Redemption in New Delhi, also known as the Viceroy Church, is among the most beautiful and magnificent churches in India.	Cathedral Church of the Redemption	India
country	Varaqi (Persian: ورقي‎, also Romanized as Varaqī) is a village in Zavarom Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Varaqi	Iran
country	Głogów (ˈɡwɔɡuf) (German: Glogau, rarely Groß-Glogau, Czech: Hlohov) is a town in southwestern Poland.	Głogów	Poland
country	London Tool Library (LTL) is a tool library based in London, Ontario, Canada.	London Tool Library	Canada
country	Acquapendente Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Acquapendente, Basilica Cattedrale di San Sepolcro) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, dedicated to the Holy Sepulchre, in the town of Acquapendente in Lazio, Italy.	Acquapendente Cathedral	Italy
country	The 2015 Veikkausliiga was the eighty-fifth season of top-tier football in Finland.	2015 Veikkausliiga	Finland
country	Żebry-Wiatraki (ˈʐɛbrɨ vjaˈtraki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żebry-Wiatraki	Poland
country	Haleji Lake (Urdu: ہالیجی جھیل‎) is located in Thatta District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Haleji Lake	Pakistan
country	Chichuran (Persian: چي چوران‎‎, also Romanized as Chīchūrān) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chichuran	Iran
country	Oijärvi is a medium-sized lake of northern Finland in the Kuivajoki main catchment area.	Oijärvi	Finland
country	Maori Hill is a residential suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin.	Maori Hill	New Zealand
country	The Municipality of Hajdina (Slovene: Občina Hajdina) is a small municipality on the right bank of the Drava River near Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia.	Municipality of Hajdina	Slovenia
country	Rozhanovce is a village in Košice-okolie District of eastern Slovakia.	Rozhanovce	Slovakia
country	Dusit Thani College (DTC) (Thai: วิทยาลัยดุสิตธานี) is a private college in Bangkok, Thailand specializing in hospitality management.	Dusit Thani College	Thailand
country	Astras (Greek: Αστράς) is a small mountain village of Elis, West Greece, Greece and belongs according to recent local government reform, with the name Callicrates, since 1/1/2011 to the municipal unit of Lampeia, along with Lampeia and Oreini .	Astras	Greece
country	The Northwestern Cycleway (sometimes also referred to as the North West or Northwestern Cycle Route) is a 12 km mostly off-road cycle route connecting the Auckland CBD in Auckland City with Henderson, Waitakere City in New Zealand.	Northwestern Cycleway	New Zealand
country	The Nur-Astana Mosque (Kazakh: Нұр-Астана мешіті, Nur-Astana meşiti), is a mosque located in the city of Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan.	Nur-Astana Mosque	Kazakhstan
country	The Bataan Provincial Expressway, also known as the Bataan Provincial Highway or the Roman Superhighway, is a toll two-lane expressway that connects Bataan to the provinces of the Central Luzon region in the Philippines.	Bataan Provincial Expressway	Philippines
country	Taverne di Corciano is a frazione in Corciano, Umbria, Italy.	Taverne di Corciano	Italy
country	The Cerros de Escazú is a mountain range in San José Province, central Costa Rica.	Cerros de Escazú	Costa Rica
country	Sougéal (Breton: Sulial, Gallo: Soujau) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Sougéal	France
country	Kulathoor Phanamugham Devi Temple is an ancient temple which is located in the Trivandrum District, in south India.	Kulathoor Phanamugham Devi Temple	India
country	Kirribilli House is the secondary official residence of the Prime Minister of Australia.	Kirribilli House	Australia
country	Umuomaku is a town in Orumba South Local Government Area of Anambra State, Nigeria It presently consist of four villages in this order Umunambu, Okpebe, Umuokpurukpu and Umungada.	Umuomaku	Nigeria
country	105.7 FM Broadview, Saskatchewan is a new radio station, which will broadcast a First Nations community radio programing on the frequency of 105.7 MHz/FM in Broadview, Saskatchewan, Canada.	105.7 FM Broadview, Saskatchewan	Canada
country	Kitsissuarsuit (old spelling: Kitsigsuarssuit) is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland.	Kitsissuarsuit	Greenland
country	The Nevado del Quindío is an inactive volcano located in the Central Cordillera of the Andes in central Colombia.	Nevado del Quindío	Colombia
country	Lambom Island is an island off the southwestern corner of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea, off Lambom.	Lambom Island	Papua New Guinea
country	The Annapurna Conservation Area is Nepal's largest protected area covering 7,629 km2 (2,946 sq mi) in the Annapurna range of the Himalayas across the Manang, Mustang, Kaski, Myagdi, and Lamjung districts.	Annapurna Conservation Area	Nepal
country	Coronel Oviedo (Spanish pronunciation: (koɾonel oˈβjeðo)) is a city in east-central Paraguay.	Coronel Oviedo	Paraguay
country	Sumay-ye Beradust District (Persian: بخش صومای برادوست‎; also Romanized as Sumay Baradust and Somay Baradoost; in Kurdish: Somay Brados) is a district (bakhsh) in Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sumay-ye Beradust District	Iran
country	Dassa I is an arrondissement in the Collines department of Benin.	Dassa I	Benin
country	Guča (Serbian Cyrillic: Гуча, pronounced (ɡûtʃa)) is a small town in Serbia.	Guča	Serbia
country	Aeschlen bei Oberdiessbach (officially known as Aeschlen) was a municipality in the district of Konolfingen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Aeschlen bei Oberdiessbach	Switzerland
country	Dubai Motor City is a property development in Dubai, United Arab Emirates by Union Properties (a UAE based property development company).	Dubai Motor City	United Arab Emirates
country	Desierto de Atacama Airport (IATA: CPO, ICAO: SCAT) is an airport 50 km (31 mi) west of Copiapó, Chile.	Desierto de Atacama Airport	Chile
country	Santa Verna is a megalithic site in Xagħra on the island of Gozo, Malta.	Santa Verna	Malta
country	Bro Hof Slott Golf Club is a golf course located in Upplands-Bro, Sweden, northwest of the capital Stockholm.	Bro Hof Slott Golf Club	Sweden
country	The Palacio de las Garzas (Herons' Palace) is the governmental office and residence of the President of Panama.	Palacio de las Garzas	Panama
country	The Hôtel Perrinet de Jars is a listed hôtel particulier in Paris, France.	Hôtel Perrinet de Jars	France
country	Burnie High School is a public, co-educational, high school, located in Cooee, a suburb of Burnie, Tasmania, Australia.	Burnie High School	Australia
country	Dashti County (Persian: شهرستان دشتی‎) is one of the nine counties (shahrestans) in Bushehr Province, Iran.	Dashti County	Iran
country	Balaju (Persian: بالاجو‎, also Romanized as Bālājū; also known as Bālājūn) is a village in Doruneh Rural District, Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Balaju	Iran
country	Point Penmarc'h, often spelled Point Penmarch, or in French Pointe de Penmarc'h, is the extremity of a small peninsula in Finistère department in Brittany in northwestern France, and the northern limit of the Bay of Biscay.	Point Penmarc'h	France
country	Barkhan (Urdu: بارکھان‎) is the capital city of the Barkhan District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Barkhan	Pakistan
country	The Historical Association aims to provide the best possible resources and support for history teachers in the United Kingdom, as well as providing Online Continuing Professional Development courses.	Historical Association	United Kingdom
country	Patan Durbar Square is situated at the centre of the city of Lalitpur in Nepal.	Patan Durbar Square	Nepal
country	Egerszólát is a small village in Heves county, in the north-eastern part of Hungary, west of Eger.	Egerszólát	Hungary
country	The Church of Our Lady of Dolours, Wadala is a Roman Catholic church in Mumbai, India built in 1853.	Church of Our Lady of Dolours, Wadala	India
country	Daraj (Persian: دارج‎, also Romanized as Darāj, Dārej, Dārij, and Darej; also known as Dāraj Bālā) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Daraj	Iran
country	Place Ville Marie (PVM for short) is a large office and shopping complex in central Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Place Ville Marie	Canada
country	Aseh (Persian: اسه‎, also Romanized as Āseh) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Aseh	Iran
country	The Baath Dam (Arabic: سد البعث‎, literally dam of the resurrection) is a dam on the Euphrates, located 22 kilometres (14 mi) upstream from the city of Ar-Raqqah in Ar-Raqqah Governorate, Syria.	Baath Dam	Syria
country	The Maloti Mountains, also spelled Maluti (Afrikaans: Malutiberge), are a mountain range of the highlands of the Kingdom of Lesotho.	Maloti Mountains	Lesotho
country	Peary Land is a peninsula in northern Greenland, extending into the Arctic Ocean.	Peary Land	Greenland
country	Wydmuchy (vɨdˈmuxɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wydmuchy	Poland
country	Mostyska (Ukrainian: Мостиська, Polish: Mościska) is a city in Lviv Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Mostyska	Ukraine
country	Kautokeino Church (Norwegian: Kautokeino kirke) is a parish church in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kautokeino Church	Norway
country	TSF Jazz, previously known as TSF 89.9, is a radio station based at Paris (France) created in 1999 and owned by Nova Press.	TSF Jazz	France
country	Mutur-e Mansurabad (Persian: موتورمنصوراباد‎, also Romanized as Mūtūr-e Manṣūrābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mutur-e Mansurabad	Iran
country	Valera is a city in Trujillo State in Venezuela, situated between the rivers Momboy and Motatán.	Valera	Venezuela
country	Bochum Observatory, often known in Bochum as Cape Kaminski (German: Kap Kaminski) is a research institute in Bochum, Nordrhein-Westfalen, Germany.	Bochum Observatory	Germany
country	Ruapuke Island is one of the southernmost islands in New Zealand's main chain of islands.	Ruapuke Island	New Zealand
country	Kileler (Greek: Κιλελέρ) is a village and a municipality in the regional unit of Larissa in Greece.	Kileler	Greece
country	Fardalen is a valley stretching northwest from the village of Øvre Årdal in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Fardalen	Norway
country	Mae Charim National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติแม่จริม), also known as Mae Jarim, is a protected area in the Luang Prabang Range, Nan Province, Northern Thailand.	Mae Charim National Park	Thailand
country	Civico Museo di Storia Naturale di Trieste is a natural history museum in Trieste, northern Italy.	Civico Museo di Storia Naturale di Trieste	Italy
country	The Royal Mint is the body permitted to manufacture, or mint, the coins of the United Kingdom.	Royal Mint	United Kingdom
country	Zaveri Bazaar (Marathi: झवेरी बाजार) is a jewelry market and a major hub for B2B jewelry industry in Mumbai, India.	Zaveri Bazaar	India
country	UTS Haberfield Rowing Club in Sydney, Australia was formed as Haberfield Rowing Club in 1925.	UTS Haberfield Rowing Club	Australia
country	Bodzanowice (bɔd͡zanɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Botzanowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bodzanowice	Poland
country	The Château de Chevron is a redesigned and remodelled castle in the commune of Mercury in the Savoie département of France.	Château de Chevron	France
country	Amelia Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Amelia, Cattedrale di Santa Firmina) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Amelia in the province of Terni, Umbria, Italy.	Amelia Cathedral	Italy
country	Kar-Tukulti-Ninurta (modern Tulul ul Aqar in Salah al-Din Governorate, Iraq) was a new cult center for Ashur and perhaps a new capital city founded by the Assyrian king Tukulti-Ninurta I (about 1243--1207 BC) just north of Assur.	Kar-Tukulti-Ninurta	Iraq
country	Qolteq Shah (Persian: قلتقشاه‎, also Romanized as Qolteq Shāh; also known as Qūltūq Shāh) is a village in Esfarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qolteq Shah	Iran
country	Alishan Station (Chinese: 阿里山車站; pinyin: Ālǐshān Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Alishan Township, Chiayi County, Taiwan.	Alishan Station	Taiwan
country	The Bicol State College of Applied Sciences and Technology (BISCAST) is a public State college, Nonsectarian in the Philippines.	Bicol State College of Applied Sciences and Technology	Philippines
country	Col du Grand Colombier (el. 1,501 metres or 4,925 feet) is a mountain pass in the Jura mountains in France.	Col du Grand Colombier	France
country	Lake Débo is a lake in the central part of Mali, formed by the seasonal flooding of the Niger River basin.	Lake Débo	Mali
country	The Montjuïc Communications Tower (Catalan: Torre de Comunicacions de Montjuïc, IPA: (ˈtorə ðə kumunikəsiˈonz ðə muɲʒuˈik)), popularly known as Torre Calatrava and Torre Telefónica, is a telecommunication tower in the Montjuïc neighborhood of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Montjuïc Communications Tower	Spain
country	Al-Mitras (Arabic: المتراس‎, also spelled Mtrass) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located southeast of Tartus.	Al-Mitras	Syria
country	Grudzeń-Kolonia (ˈɡrud͡zɛɲ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Grudzeń-Kolonia	Poland
country	The University Hospital of Basel (German: Universitätsspital Basel, USB), in Basel, is one of the five university hospitals of Switzerland.	University Hospital of Basel	Switzerland
country	Inverell Airport (IATA: IVR, ICAO: YIVL) is an airport located approximately 15 km (9.3 mi) south of Inverell, New South Wales, Australia.	Inverell Airport	Australia
country	Vrhek (pronounced (ˈʋəɾxɛk)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in east central Slovenia.	Vrhek	Slovenia
country	Šator is a mountain in the Dinaric Alps, in the western regions of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šator	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Zhovhe Dam is a reservoir on the Mzingwane River, Zimbabwe with a capacity of 133 million cubic metres.	Zhovhe Dam	Zimbabwe
country	Galleh Behi (Persian: گله بهي‎, also Romanized as Galleh Behī; also known as Gol-e Behī) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Galleh Behi	Iran
country	Vikebygd Church (Norwegian: Vikebygd kyrkje) is a parish church in Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Vikebygd Church	Norway
country	Çarxaçu (also, Charkhachu and Dzharkhachy) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çarxaçu	Azerbaijan
country	Nowdan (Persian: نودان‎, also Romanized as Nowdān and Naudān) is a city in and the capital of Kuhmareh District, in Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nowdan	Iran
country	In 1806, during the French occupation of Italy, a commune named San Salvador was established here, which later received the current name of Susegana.	Susegana	Italy
country	Juja Deh-e Arateh (Persian: جوجاده ارطه‎, also Romanized as Jūjā Deh-e Araţeh) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Juja Deh-e Arateh	Iran
country	Zirik (also, Zizik) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Zirik	Azerbaijan
country	The Tremp Formation is a geological formation in Huesca, Spain whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous, when the area was low-lying wetlands.	Tremp Formation	Spain
country	Lambert Road Baptist Church is an evangelical church located in the suburb of Morningside, in Durban, South Africa.	Lambert Road Baptist Church	South Africa
country	The Ciolanu Monastery is a monastery of Eastern Orthodox monks, located in the Tisău commune, Buzău County, Romania.	Ciolanu Monastery	Romania
country	The Orang National Park (Pron: ɒˈræŋ or ɒˈrɑ:ŋ), located on the north bank of the Brahmaputra River in the Darrang and Sonitpur districts of Assam, India, covers an area of 78.81 square kilometres (30.43 sq mi).	Orang National Park	India
country	Tomawa (tɔˈmava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tomawa	Poland
country	The plant Matricaria discoidea (Pineapple weed, wild Chamomile), a native of North America, appeared in 1861 along the Canal des Ardennes and then from 1880 to 1895 in the North of France.	Canal des Ardennes	France
country	Rajaji Hall, previously known as the Banqueting Hall, Madras, is a public hall in the city of Chennai, India used for social functions.	Rajaji Hall	India
country	Sangiran is an archaeological excavation site in Java in Indonesia.	Sangiran	Indonesia
country	Piran (Italian: Pirano) is a town in southwestern Slovenia on the Gulf of Piran on the Adriatic Sea.	Piran	Slovenia
country	Gornji Črnci (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnji ˈtʃəɾntsi); Hungarian: Királyszék, Prekmurje Slovene: Gorenji Črnci, German: Konradsdorf) is a village in the Municipality of Cankova in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Gornji Črnci	Slovenia
country	Firebase Pedro (also known as Landing Zone Pedro) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) firebase southwest of Quảng Trị in central Vietnam.	Firebase Pedro	Vietnam
country	Near by Bangarmau ``Sanchan Kot'', a place of historical importance, where recently Archaeological Survey of India excavated a 2000 years old ``Shiv Temple''.	Bangarmau	India
country	Pista de Atletismo Darwin Piñeirúa is an athletic stadium in Montevideo, Uruguay.	Pista de Atletismo Darwin Piñeirúa	Uruguay
country	Qombovan (Persian: قمبوان‎, also Romanized as Qombovān, Qambovān, and Qombavān; also known as Ghombasvan, Kombon, Kūmāon, and Qumboān) is a village in Qombovan Rural District, in the Central District of Dehaqan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qombovan	Iran
country	Sevazhayr (Armenian: Սևաժայռ), is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Sevazhayr	Armenia
country	The Port of Caen, Port de Caen, is the harbour and port authority of the Norman city of Caen, France.	Port of Caen	France
country	Dar-e Murin-e Seh (Persian: درمورين 3‎, also Romanized as Dar-e Mūrīn-e Seh; also known as Dar-e Mūrīn) is a village in Javar Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar-e Murin-e Seh	Iran
country	London Wall was the defensive wall first built by the Romans around Londinium, their strategically important port town on the River Thames in what is now the United Kingdom, and subsequently maintained until the 18th century.	London Wall	United Kingdom
country	Karaidel (Russian: Караидель) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Karaidelsky District in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the Ufa River.	Karaidel	Russia
country	Varsity College is a P-12 college located in Varsity Lakes, Queensland, Australia.	Varsity College	Australia
country	San Luis de la Loma is a town in the municipality of Tecpán de Galeana in the state of Guerrero, Mexico.	San Luis de la Loma	Mexico
country	Okrúhle (Rusyn: Округле, Hungarian: Kerekrét) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Okrúhle	Slovakia
country	The Bermudian dollar (symbol: $; code: BMD; also abbreviated BD$) is the official currency of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda.	Bermudian dollar	Bermuda
country	Tal-e Khaki (Persian: تل خاكي‎, also Romanized as Tal-e Khākī) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tal-e Khaki	Iran
country	Severo-Evensk Airport (IATA: SWV, ICAO: UHMW) is an airport serving and located 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) northwest of Evensk in Severo-Evensky District, Magadan Oblast, Russia.	Severo-Evensk Airport	Russia
country	Khnusik (Armenian: Խնուսիկ), is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Khnusik	Armenia
country	Ambatoboeny is a town in north-western Madagascar in Boeny Region.	Ambatoboeny	Madagascar
country	Koya Dam (Japanese: 古谷ダム ) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1982.	Koya Dam	Japan
country	Hvannadalshnúkur or Hvannadalshnjúkur (pronounced (ˈkvanːatalsˌn̥ʲuːkʏr)) is a pyramidal peak on the northwestern rim of the summit crater of the Öræfajökull volcano in Iceland and is the highest point of the island.	Hvannadalshnúkur	Iceland
country	Khotyn (Ukrainian: Хотин; see other names) is a city in Chernivtsi Oblast of western Ukraine, and is the administrative center of Khotyn Raion within the oblast, and is located south-west of Kamianets-Podilskyi.	Khotyn	Ukraine
country	As of 2011 India census, Gudipudi had a population of 5587, with 2783 men and 2804 women living in 1372 houses.	Gudipudi	India
country	Valjala Parish (or Valjala rural municipality) is a rural municipality in western Estonia.	Valjala Parish	Estonia
country	Ainaži parish (Latvian: Ainažu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Salacgrīva Municipality, Latvia.	Ainaži parish	Latvia
country	Mariann Grammofon or Mariann Records, formed in 1972 is a record label run by Bert Karlsson in Skara, Sweden.	Mariann Grammofon	Sweden
country	The Charlevoix Railway (French: Chemin de fer Charlevoix) (reporting mark CFC) is a short-line railway that operates in the Charlevoix region of Quebec Canada.	Charlevoix Railway	Canada
country	Grand Mosque of Constanța (Romanian: Marea Moschee din Constanța), originally known as the Carol I Mosque (Romanian: Moscheea Carol I), is a mosque in Constanța, Romania.	Carol I Mosque	Romania
country	The Moura Photovoltaic Power Station (also known as Amareleja Photovoltaic Power Station) is a large photovoltaic power station in Amareleja, in the municipality of Moura, Portugal.	Moura Photovoltaic Power Station	Portugal
country	Otranto (; ) is a town and comune in the province of Lecce (Apulia, Italy), in a fertile region once famous for its breed of horses.	Otranto	Italy
country	Gorakhpur Junction railway station This station serves as the sole headquarters of India's North Eastern Railway zone and it also has the world's longest railway platform.	Gorakhpur	India
country	Vrnograč (Cyrillic: Врнограч) is a town in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrnograč	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Vatovlje (pronounced (ˈʋaːtɔu̯ljɛ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Vatovlje	Slovenia
country	The Saltee Islands (Irish: Na Sailtí ) are a pair of small islands lying 5 kilometres off the southern coast of County Wexford in Ireland.	Saltee Islands	Ireland
country	Shah Wali Kot District (Pashto: شاه ولي کوټ ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی شاه ولی کوت‎) is situated in the northern part of Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.	Shah Wali Kot District	Afghanistan
country	Ethical Threads is a clothing manufacturer based in the United Kingdom.	Ethical Threads	United Kingdom
country	Spanish Cay Airport (ICAO: MYAX) is an airstrip serving Spanish Cay, one of the Abaco Islands in The Bahamas.	Spanish Cay Airport	The Bahamas
country	Hoon Dhamial or Hon Dahmyal is a village east of Islamabad in Pakistan near the Police Training College Sihala.	Hoon Dhamial	Pakistan
country	The Philippine Sports Stadium, also known as New Era University (NEU) Stadium, is a football and track stadium at Ciudad de Victoria, a 140-hectare tourism enterprise zone in the towns of Bocaue and Santa Maria in Bulacan, Philippines.	Philippine Sports Stadium	Philippines
country	The Great Synagogue of Florence or Tempio Maggiore is one of the largest synagogues in South-central Europe, situated in Florence, in Italy.	Great Synagogue of Florence	Italy
country	Warrigal Road is a major inner urban road in southeastern Melbourne, Australia.	Warrigal Road	Australia
country	Ariño (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈɾiɲo)) is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Ariño	Spain
country	The Siedlce University of Natural Sciences and Humanities (Polish: Uniwersytet Przyrodniczo-Humanistyczny w Siedlcach) is a higher-education institution in Siedlce, Poland.	Siedlce University of Natural Sciences and Humanities	Poland
country	Township and Village Enterprises (TVEs, simplified Chinese: 乡镇企业; traditional Chinese: 鄉鎮企業; pinyin: Xiāngzhèn qǐyè) are market-oriented public enterprises under the purview of local governments based in townships and villages in the People's Republic of China.	Township and Village Enterprises	People's Republic of China
country	Chambéry Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-François-de-Sales de Chambéry) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Chambéry, France, dedicated to Saint François de Sales.	Chambéry Cathedral	France
country	Gelar (Persian: گلار‎, also Romanized as Gelār) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gelar	Iran
country	The barony of Ibrickane (or Ibrickan) is a geographical division of County Clare, Ireland, that in turn is divided into civil parishes.	Ibrickane	Ireland
country	Indian Ocean Drive is a coastal road in the Australian state of Western Australia which links Lancelin with the Brand Highway, just south of Dongara.	Indian Ocean Drive	Australia
country	Aktij Kola (Persian: اكتيج كلا‎, also Romanized as Āktīj Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Aktij Kola	Iran
country	Northern Metropolitan Region is one of the eight electoral regions in the state of Victoria, Australia, which elects five members to the Victorian Legislative Council (also referred to as the Upper House) by proportional representation.	Northern Metropolitan Region	Australia
country	The Waimakariri River, formerly briefly known as the Courtenay River, is one of the largest of the North Canterbury rivers, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Waimakariri River	New Zealand
country	Chodová Planá (German: Kuttenplan) is a market town with 1793 residents (As of January 1, 2004) in the Czech Republic.	Chodová Planá	Czech Republic
country	Vadgaon Budruk also known as Vadgaon in the local area is one of the many upcoming suburbs of Pune, Maharashtra, India.	Vadgaon Budruk	India
country	Dowzan (Persian: دوزن‎; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Bastam Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dowzan	Iran
country	Susan Var (Persian: سوسن وار‎, also Romanized as Sūsan Vār) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Susan Var	Iran
country	Erbach Castle is a patrician Renaissance castle situated on a hillside close to the ciy of Erbach an der Donau in the state of Baden Württemberg, Germany.	Erbach Castle	Germany
country	Keroka is a small town in Kenya's Nyanza Province.	Keroka	Kenya
country	Hotel Dili is a hotel on the waterfront in Dili, East Timor, established in 1933.	Hotel Dili	East Timor
country	Tinkisso Falls is a waterfall on the Tinkisso River located near Dabola in central Guinea.	Tinkisso Falls	Guinea
country	HeidelbergCement is a German multinational building materials company headquartered in Heidelberg, Germany.	HeidelbergCement	Germany
country	Kashira Power Plant is a coal-fired power plant at Kashira in Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Kashira Power Plant	Russia
country	Rosengrens is a brand of safes and vaults from Sweden.	Rosengrens	Sweden
country	The Filitelnic gas field is a natural gas field in the Filitelnic village of Bălăuşeri commune, Mureş County, Romania lying in the center of the Transylvanian Basin, a major natural gas producing region.	Filitelnic gas field	Romania
country	The Universidad Popular Autónoma del Estado de Puebla (UPAEP) is a private (catholic), non-profit university located in Puebla, Mexico.	Universidad Popular Autónoma del Estado de Puebla	Mexico
country	Al-Irsyad Mosque is a mosque located in Bandung, Indonesia.	Al-Irsyad Mosque	Indonesia
country	The University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir is a university at Muzaffarabad, Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.	University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir	Pakistan
country	The Guaxupé River is a river of Minas Gerais and São Paulo states in southeastern Brazil.	Guaxupé River	Brazil
country	Strachosław (straˈxɔswaf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Strachosław	Poland
country	Ardino, Bulgaria (Bulgarian: Ардино, formerly Turkish: Eğridere) is a town in Southern Bulgaria, in the Rhodope Mountains.	Ardino	Bulgaria
country	During World War I, Margaretsville had the distinction of setting a record in Nova Scotia by having over 10% of its population enlist for military service and being second in all of Canada.	Margaretsville	Canada
country	Borsh is a maritime village, in the Albanian Riviera, in the former Lukovë municipality, Vlorë County, Albania, At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Himarë.	Borsh	Albania
country	Srednji Globodol (pronounced (ˈsɾeːdnji ɡlɔbɔˈdoːu̯)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia.	Srednji Globodol	Slovenia
country	Circuit Paul Armagnac also known as Circuit de Nogaro is a motorsport race track near Nogaro in southwestern France.	Circuit Paul Armagnac	France
country	Sharjah (/ˈʃɑːrdʒə/; Arabic: الشارقة‎ aš-Šāriqah) is the third largest and third most populous city in the United Arab Emirates, forming part of the Dubai-Sharjah-Ajman metropolitan area.	Sharjah	United Arab Emirates
country	Pikermi (Greek: Πικέρμι) is a town and a former community of Attica, Greece.	Pikermi	Greece
country	Darageh-ye Molla Ali Karam (Persian: درگه ملاعلي كرم‎, also Romanized as Darageh-ye Mollā ʿAlī Karam; also known as Darakeh-ye Mollaalīkaram) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darageh-ye Molla Ali Karam	Iran
country	The Shire of Nungarin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, and, with a population of 264 as at the 2001 census, is one of the nation's smallest.	Shire of Nungarin	Australia
country	Kyaunggon Township (Burmese: ကျောင်းကုန်းမြို့နယ်) is a township of Pathein District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar.	Kyaunggon Township	Myanmar
country	The Tax and Customs Administration (Dutch: Belastingdienst) is the tax collection and customs (Dutch: Douane) service of the government of the Netherlands.	Tax and Customs Administration	Netherlands
country	The Laratinga Wetlands, constructed in 1999, is a wetland located in Mount Barker, South Australia.	Laratinga Wetlands	Australia
country	Lalaklu (Persian: للكلو‎, also Romanized as Lalaklū; also known as Lalaglū and Lialiali) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Lalaklu	Iran
country	The Maringa-Lopori-Wamba Landscape (MLW) is an ecologically sensitive landscape in the Democratic Republic of the Congo within the Maringa / Lopori basin.	Maringa-Lopori-Wamba Landscape	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Lichosielce (lixɔˈɕɛlt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Lichosielce	Poland
country	McLean's Mansion (originally Holly Lea) is a homestead in Christchurch, New Zealand.	McLean's Mansion	New Zealand
country	Gribbell Island is an island on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located on the east side of the entrance to Douglas Channel at Wright Sound.	Gribbell Island	Canada
country	Arlebosc (Occitan: Arlebòsc) is a French commune in the Ardèche department in the Rhône-Alpes region of southern France.	Arlebosc	France
country	Joghanab-e Sofla (Persian: جغناب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Joghanāb-e Soflá; also known as Jeghanāb Pā’īn and Joghanāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Joghanab-e Sofla	Iran
country	The league was formed in 1947 as Schleswig-Holstein-Liga by thirty clubs in three divisions of ten, in the newly created state of Schleswig-Holstein which was then part of the British occupation zone in Germany.	Schleswig-Holstein-Liga	Germany
country	The Jaisalmer Wind Park is India's Largest operational onshore wind farm.	Jaisalmer Wind Park	India
country	In November 2012 Buslink Vivo was awarded a 56-month contract to operate up to 100 vehicles to transport workers during the construction of the Ichthys LPG project in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Buslink Vivo	Australia
country	Rutki-Begny (ˈrutki ˈbɛɡnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rutki-Begny	Poland
country	Dragostin (before 1934 called Borzhoza) is a ruined mountain village now in the municipality of Gotse Delchev, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Dragostin	Bulgaria
country	Piz Cancian is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps, located on the border between Italy and the Switzerland.	Piz Cancian	Italy	Switzerland
country	Tavakkolabad-e Yek (Persian: توكل آباد1‎, also Romanized as Tavakkolābād-e Yek; also known as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tavakkolabad-e Yek	Iran
country	The Markersbach Pumped Storage Power Plant is a hydroelectric power station utilizing pumped-storage technology in Markersbach, Germany.	Markersbach Pumped Storage Power Plant	Germany
country	Gryfów Śląski (ˈɡrɨfuf ˈɕlɔ̃skʲi) (German: Greiffenberg; Greifenberg in Schlesien) is a town in Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gryfów Śląski	Poland
country	University of Tripoli (UT) (Arabic: جامعة طرابلس), is the largest university in Libya and is located in the capital Tripoli.	University of Tripoli	Libya
country	Sokuluk (Dungan: Сохўлў, Sohwlw; Kyrgyz, Russian: Сокулук) is a large village with a de jure population of 11,968 (2009 Census) in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Sokuluk	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Ohara Dam is a gravity dam on the Shō River in Ohara village about 17 km (11 mi) south of Nanto in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.	Ohara Dam	Japan
country	The M4 corridor is an area in the United Kingdom adjacent to the M4 motorway, which runs from London to South Wales.	M4 corridor	United Kingdom
country	Vockerode Power Plant (also called Elbe Power Plant) was a lignite and later also gas-fired power plant in Vockerode, East Germany.	Vockerode Power Plant	Germany
country	Oristano-Fenosu Airport is a small regional airport located in the central western Sardinia, Italy.	Oristano-Fenosu Airport	Italy
country	Mir Shahdad Jo Qubo, (English: Tomb of Mir Shahdad Talpur), is located in Shahpur Chakar (city) of the Sanghar District, in Sindh Province of southern Pakistan.	Mir Shahdad Jo Qubo	Pakistan
country	Presidente Perón International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional de Neuquén -- Presidente Perón) (IATA: NQN, ICAO: SAZN) is an airport in Neuquén Province, Argentina serving the cities of Neuquén, Cipolletti, Plottier, Centenario, and General Roca.	Presidente Perón International Airport	Argentina
country	Ligñon Hill is a prominent hill in the city of Legazpi, some 3 kilometers west of its downtown port area in Albay, Philippines.	Ligñon Hill	Philippines
country	Cadenabbia (Cadenabbia di Griante) is a small community in Lombardy, Italy, in the province of Como, on the west shore of Lake Como.	Cadenabbia	Italy
country	Neygenan (Persian: نيگنان‎, also Romanized as Neygenān and Nīganan; also known as Nagīneh, Nāgīnu, Nakīneh, and Nīgnān) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Neygenan	Iran
country	Cernache do Bonjardim is a former civil parish in the municipality of Sertã, central Portugal.	Cernache do Bonjardim	Portugal
country	The Zentrale Hochschulsportanlage (ZHS) is with 125.000 Students and over 17.000 active participants each semester the biggest university sports facility in Germany.	Zentrale Hochschulsportanlage	Germany
country	Kanch (Armenian: Կանչ); formerly known as Gyalto or Mets Gyalto, is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Kanch	Armenia
country	Vennaimalai is a village of Karur District located near Karur and Tiruchirappalli, in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Vennaimalai	India
country	Calansayan is a barangay in San Jose Municipality of Batangas province, Philippines.	Calansayan	Philippines
country	Dziękonie (d͡ʑenˈkɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dziękonie	Poland
country	Tomp-e Rigan (Persian: تمپريگان‎, also Romanized as Tomp-e Rīgān; also known as Tokhm-e Rīgān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tomp-e Rigan	Iran
country	Wittersdorf is a communes in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Wittersdorf	France
country	The Nederlandse Onderwatersport Bond (NOB) is the national governing body for recreational diving and underwater sports in the Netherlands.	Nederlandse Onderwatersport Bond	Netherlands
country	Mumbai Monorail is a monorail system in the city of Mumbai, India, part of a major expansion of public transport in the city.	Mumbai Monorail	India
country	Černousy (name used since 1947, German: Tschernhausen, Czernhausen) is a village in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Černousy	Czech Republic
country	The Bar Aqueduct (Serbian: Барски аквадукт / Barski akvadukt) is a stone aqueduct, located on the northern side of Stari Bar, the old town of Bar, (4 km north from the city center Bar), Montenegro.	Bar Aqueduct	Montenegro
country	Enfidha (or Dar-el-Bey, Tunisian Arabic: دار البي‎ Enfīđa / Dar el bāy) is a town in north-eastern Tunisia with a population of approximately 10,000.	Enfidha	Tunisia
country	Mina de Barroterán coal mine disaster was the second worst disaster in Mexico's coal mining history.	Barroterán coal mine disaster	Mexico
country	Gilgilçay (also, Gil’gil’chay) is a village and municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gilgilçay	Azerbaijan
country	Khodoriv (Ukrainian: Ходорів; Polish: Chodorów) is a town in the Zhydachiv Raion, Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine.	Khodoriv	Ukraine
country	Cemoro Lawang (also known as Cemorolawang, Cemora Lawang or Cemara Lawang) is a very small hamlet north-east of Mount Bromo (East Java), Indonesia with the altitude of 2,217 meters above sea level.	Cemoro Lawang	Indonesia
country	Siemiwołoki (ɕemivɔˈwɔki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Siemiwołoki	Poland
country	The Syro-African Depression, currently known as the Jordan Rift Valley, is located in the northeastern section of the Great Rift Valley, in Western Asia.	Syro-African Depression	Jordan
country	Nalanda district is one of the thirty-eight districts of the state of Bihar in India.	Nalanda district	India
country	Budaörs (German: Wudersch, Croatian: Jerša, Erša or Vundeš) is a town in Pest county, Budapest metropolitan area, Hungary.	Budaörs	Hungary
country	The Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority (Finnish: Säteilyturvakeskus; Swedish: Strålsäkerhetscentralen), often abbreviated as STUK, is a government agency tasked with nuclear safety and radiation monitoring in Finland.	Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority	Finland
country	Baron Bliss Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Belize City.	Baron Bliss Light	Belize
country	Ungilsan is a mountain near the city of Namyangju, Gyeonggi-do in South Korea.	Ungilsan	South Korea
country	The Russian Compound covers 68 dunams (68,000 m² or roughly 17 acres) between Jaffa Road, Shivtei Israel Street, and the Street of the Prophets.	Russian Compound	Israel
country	The Miskito Cays (Spanish: Cayos Miskitos) are an archipelago with an area of 27 km² located off shore in the northeastern Caribbean coast of Nicaragua, part of the North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region.	Miskito Cays	Nicaragua
country	Marten River Provincial Park is a 400 hectares (990 acres) provincial park in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Marten River Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Perth International Arts Festival is Australia's longest running cultural festival, held annually in Western Australia.	Perth International Arts Festival	Australia
country	Pattaravakkam (Tamil: பட்டரவாக்கம்) is a small sub-urban locality in the north-west part of Chennai, India.	Pattaravakkam	India
country	The London Ice House was an arena in London, Ontario, Canada.	London Ice House	Canada
country	In the 1970s the name Damaraland was revived for a bantustan in South West Africa (present-day Namibia), intended by the apartheid government to be a self-governing homeland for the Damara people.	Damaraland	South West Africa
country	Burgdorf District was a district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland with its seat at Burgdorf Castle in Burgdorf.	Burgdorf District	Switzerland
country	Klee Passage is a shallow channel of water which separates Knox Atoll from Mili Atoll in the Marshall Islands.	Klee Passage	Marshall Islands
country	The Airoli Bridge is a bridge in the Mumbai metropolitan area of India.	Airoli Bridge	India
country	Alexandria Stadium (Arabic: إستاد الإسكندرية‎) is a multi-purpose stadium in Alexandria, Egypt.	Alexandria Stadium	Egypt
country	Pol-e Khvab (Persian: پل خواب‎, also Romanized as Pol-e Khvāb and Pol Khvāb) was a village in Adaran Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Pol-e Khvab	Iran
country	El Manzala is a region (markaz) in Egypt.	El Manzala	Egypt
country	Omanpe (also spelled Omape) is a town in western Ghana near the border with Côte d'Ivoire.	Omanpe	Ghana
country	Luanda, formerly named São Paulo da Assunção de Loanda, is the capital and largest city in Angola, and the country's most populous and important city, primary port and major industrial, cultural and urban centre.	Luanda	Angola
country	The National Trades Union Congress (NTUC), also known as the Singapore National Trades Union Congress (SNTUC), is the sole national trade union centre in Singapore.	National Trades Union Congress	Singapore
country	Namena Lala (sometimes spelt Namenalala) is a volcanic islet in Fiji, an outlier to the northern island of Vanua Levu (off Wainunu Bay), 24 kilometers away.	Namena Lala	Fiji
country	Located in Grundel Street Whyalla, South Australia, Edward John Eyre High School opened in 1968 as Eyre Technical High School.	Edward John Eyre High School	Australia
country	Yichang East Railway Station (simplified Chinese: 宜昌东站; traditional Chinese: 宜昌東站; pinyin: Yíchāng-dōng Zhàn, formerly Huayan Railway Station) is a railway station in Yichang City, Hubei Province, People's Republic of China.	Yichang East Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The Danish Order of Freemasons (Danish: Den Danske Frimurerorden) (abbr.: DDFO), in English mostly known as the Grand Lodge of Denmark, is the main governing body of regular Freemasonry in Denmark, tracing its history back to 1743, making it the oldest Masonic organisation of Denmark.	Danish Order of Freemasons	Denmark
country	One of the northern extensions of the Pamir-Alay system, the Turkestan Range stretches for a total length of 340 km from the Alay Mountains on the border of Kyrgyzstan with Tajikistan to the Samarkand oasis in Uzbekistan.	Turkestan Range	Kyrgyzstan	Tajikistan	Uzbekistan
country	Kokošnje (pronounced (kɔˈkoːʃnjɛ)) is a settlement of around 30 houses east of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Kokošnje	Slovenia
country	The Gulf of Roses (Catalan: Golf de Roses (ˈɡoɫv ðə ˈrɔzəs)) is the most northeastern bay on the Catalan coast of Spain.	Gulf of Roses	Spain
country	Yaqush (Persian: ياقوش‎, also Romanized as Yāqūsh) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yaqush	Iran
country	Amougies Airfield (ICAO: EBAM) is a small airfield just south of the Kluisberg, in Amougies, part of the municipality of Mont-de-l'Enclus, Hainaut, Belgium.	Amougies Airfield	Belgium
country	Fjerdvatnet or Kråkmovatnet (Lule Sami: Skilggajávri) is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Fjerdvatnet	Norway
country	Khersdar-e Sofla (Persian: خرسدرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Khersdar-e Soflá) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khersdar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Puchaczów (puˈxat͡ʂuf) is a village in Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Puchaczów	Poland
country	Maroantsetra is a market town and domestic seaport in Analanjirofo Region, Madagascar, at the northern end of the Bay of Antongil.	Maroantsetra	Madagascar
country	Gävle Municipality (Gävle kommun) is a municipality in east central Sweden where the City Gävle is the municipal seat.	Gävle Municipality	Sweden
country	Istán is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga in Andalusia in southern Spain with an estimated population in 2005 of 1,422.	Istán	Spain
country	Monte Orsiera is a mountain in the Cottian Alps belonging to the Province of Turin (Italy).	Monte Orsiera	Italy
country	The West Akim Municipal District is one of the twenty-one (21) districts of the Eastern Region of south Ghana.	West Akim Municipal District	Ghana
country	Lærdalsøyri is the administrative centre of the municipality of Lærdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Lærdalsøyri	Norway
country	Sant Llorenç del Munt is a largely rocky mountain massif in central Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Llorenç del Munt	Spain
country	The 2011 Van earthquake occurred in eastern Turkey near the city of Van on 23 October at 13:41 local time.	2011 Van earthquake	Turkey
country	Ramme Gaard is an organic farm and country estate, located just north of Hvitsten in Akershus municipality, on the coast of Norway, owned by billionaire philanthropist Petter Olsen.	Ramme Gaard	Norway
country	Chah-e Bunak (Persian: چاه بوناك‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Būnāḵ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Bunak	Iran
country	The Marsh Railway (German: Marschbahn) is a main line in the state of Schleswig-Holstein in Germany that links the stations of Elmshorn in the south and Westerland on the island of Sylt in the north.	Marsh Railway	Germany
country	The Greater Liakhvi River (Georgian: ლიახვი, Ossetian: Стыр Леуахи, Styr Leuakhi) is a river in central Georgia, which rises on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the de facto independent region of South Ossetia and flows into the Kura (Mtkvari) River.	Greater Liakhvi River	Georgia
country	The Museum of Art Collections (Romanian: Muzeului Colecțiilor de Artă) is a branch of the National Museum of Art of Romania and is situated in Bucharest.	Museum of Art Collections	Romania
country	Heidsee (Romansh: Igl Lai) is a lake at Lenzerheide, Grisons, Switzerland.	Heidsee	Switzerland
country	Bielovce (Hungarian: Ipolybél; Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈipojbeːl)) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Bielovce	Slovakia
country	Chahar Qaleh (Persian: چهارقلعه‎, also Romanized as Chahār Qal``eh) is a village in Karaftu Rural District, in the Central District of Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 20 families.	Chahar Qaleh	Iran
country	Temora railway station is a disused station on the Lake Cargelligo railway line which served the Riverina town of Temora, New South Wales, Australia.	Temora railway station	Australia
country	Courts Island is a dolerite island with an area of 15.83 ha in south-eastern Australia.	Courts Island	Australia
country	Drymalia (Greek: Δρυμαλία) is a former municipality on the island of Naxos, in the Cyclades, Greece.	Drymalia	Greece
country	PTDC or Pakistan Tourism Development Corporation is an organization of the Government of Pakistan.	PTDC	Pakistan
country	Aquaworld Aquarium is a natural history museum in Hersonissos, Heraklion, Crete, Greece.	Aquaworld Aquarium	Greece
country	Harold's Cross (Irish: Cros Araild, meaning ``Harold's Cross'') is an urban village and inner suburb on the south side of Dublin, Ireland.	Harold's Cross	Ireland
country	Grigore T. Popa University of Medicine and Pharmacy (Romanian: Universitatea de Medicină și Farmacie ``Grigore T. Popa'', or UMF Iași) is a public university-level medical school located in Iași, Romania.	Grigore T. Popa University of Medicine and Pharmacy	Romania
country	Oron-la-Ville is a small town and former municipality in the district of Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Oron-la-Ville	Switzerland
country	Velódromo de Anoeta (formally and in Basque language Anoetako Belodromoa) is an indoor arena located at the Anoeta Sports Complex, San Sebastián, Spain.	Velódromo de Anoeta	Spain
country	Jiaoshan (Chinese: 焦山, Jiāoshān) is a district of the city of Zhenjiang, in southwestern Jiangsu Province, People's Republic of China.	Jiaoshan	People's Republic of China
country	Nanu Khurd is a mid-sized Yadav dominated village located in the district of Gurgaon in the state of Haryana in India.	Nanu Khurd	India
country	Affing is a municipality near (10 km) Augsburg in Aichach-Friedberg district, in Swabia - Bavaria, southern Germany.	Affing	Germany
country	Kutallah (Persian: كوتاله‎, also Romanized as Kūtāllah) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kutallah	Iran
country	Laidi Palace (Latvian: Laidu muižas pils) is a palace in Laidi parish in Kuldīga municipality in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Laidi Palace	Latvia
country	The Bassenheimer Hof (Bassenheimer Palace) is an historic building in Mainz, western Germany.	Bassenheimer Hof	Germany
country	Košljun is a tiny island in Puntarska Draga bay off the coast of Krk, facing Punat, in the Adriatic Sea, Croatia.	Košljun	Croatia
country	Gabrani (Persian: گبراني‎, also Romanized as Gabrānī) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gabrani	Iran
country	The Royal Glenora Club is a member owned, private sport and social club located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada .	The Royal Glenora Club	Canada
country	Rach Gia Airport (IATA: VKG, ICAO: VVRG) (Vietnamese: Sân bay Rạch Giá) is an airport located in Rach Gia, Vietnam.	Rach Gia Airport	Vietnam
country	The Wascana Trails are a series of interconnected hiking and mountain biking trails in Canada.	Wascana Trail	Canada
country	Pussella is a village situated about 12 miles away from Matale in Sri Lanka.	Pussella	Sri Lanka
country	Pacopampa (Quechua: paqu pampa) is an archaeological site located in the northern highlands of Peru, in the department of Cajamarca.	Pacopampa	Peru
country	Poco Mandasawu is a lava dome of Ranakah located in the south-central part of the island of Flores, Indonesia.	Poco Mandasawu	Indonesia
country	Hlevnik (pronounced (ˈxleːu̯nik)) is a small village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia, right on the border with Italy.	Hlevnik	Slovenia
country	Braniewo ((braˈɲevɔ)), (German: Braunsberg, Latin: Brunsberga, Old Prussian: Brus), is a town in northeastern Poland, in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, with a population of 18,068 (2004).	Braniewo	Poland
country	Struževo (pronounced (stɾuˈʒeːʋɔ); locally Strževo and in older sources also Straževo, German: Sterscheu) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Struževo	Slovenia
country	Nasinu is an urban area on the island Viti Levu in Fiji.	Nasinu	Fiji
country	Hoseynabad-e Qoli Di (Persian: حسين ابادقليدي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Qolī Dī) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Qoli Di	Iran
country	The Nan River (Thai: แม่น้ำน่าน, RTGS: Maenam Nan, IPA: (mɛ̂ːnáːm nâːn)) is a river in Thailand.	Nan River	Thailand
country	Achilles Point (Te Pane o Horoiwi - The head of Horoiwi) is a rocky point on the headland at the eastern end of the small sandy beach named Ladies Bay, Auckland, New Zealand.	Achilles Point	New Zealand
country	Pristavo (pronounced (pɾiˈstaːʋɔ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia, close to the border with Italy.	Pristavo	Slovenia
country	Ñuñuni Qalani (Aymara ñuñu breast, qala stone, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, also spelled Nununi Khalani) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia, about 4,940 metres (16,207 ft) high.	Ñuñuni Qalani	Bolivia
country	Tomb KV33 is a non-royal tomb located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt.	KV33	Egypt
country	Butaritari is an atoll in the Pacific Ocean island nation of Kiribati.	Butaritari	Kiribati
country	The Hurunui District is a political district on the east coast of New Zealand's South Island, north of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Hurunui District	New Zealand
country	Meang, which literally means ``west'', is an islet of Nui atoll in the Pacific Ocean state of Tuvalu.	Meang	Tuvalu
country	Sierra de Guadarrama National Park (in Spanish: Parque Nacional de la Sierra de Guadarrama) is a national park in Spain, covering nearly 34,000 hectares, the fifth largest in Spain's national parks system.	Guadarrama National Park	Spain
country	Bait Island is an island located near Tawau in the Tawau Division, Sabah, Malaysia.	Bait Island	Malaysia
country	Charho is one of the three tehsils, administrative subdivisions, of Kotli District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Charho	Pakistan
country	Audriņi is a village in Audriņi parish of the Latgale area of eastern Latvia, 245 km east of Riga.	Audriņi	Latvia
country	Honiatyn (xɔˈɲatɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Honiatyn	Poland
country	Biskupskie Drogi (bisˈkupskʲɛ ˈdrɔɡi) (German: Strassenkrug) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Biskupskie Drogi	Poland
country	Laetoli is a site in Tanzania, dated to the Plio-Pleistocene and famous for its hominin footprints, preserved in volcanic ash.	Laetoli	Tanzania
country	St. Augustine International University (SAIU) is a university in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	St. Augustine International University	Uganda
country	McDiarmid Park, the first purpose-built all-seater stadium in the United Kingdom, consists of four covered, single-tier stands.	McDiarmid Park	United Kingdom
country	Sevran (French pronunciation: ​(sə.vʁɑ̃)) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Sevran	France
country	Oulad Teima also known as Houara is a city in Taroudannt Province, Souss-Massa, Morocco.	Oulad Teima	Morocco
country	Melkki is an island in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.	Melkki	Finland
country	Moni Sar (Persian: منيصر‎, also Romanized as Monī Sar; also known as Mane-Sīr, Manīser, Manīsur, and Monīşer) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Moni Sar	Iran
country	Kolari is a municipality of Finland at the Swedish border, which follows the Torne River, the longest free-flowing river in Europe.	Kolari	Finland
country	Nőtincs (Slovak: Netejč, German: Nititsch), a pictorial locality looking back on a thousand-year old history is in Nógrád county, Hungary.	Nőtincs	Hungary
country	Narsaq Kujalleq Heliport (IATA: QFN, ICAO: BGFD) or Narsarmijit Heliport is a heliport in Narsaq Kujalleq, a village in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland.	Narsaq Kujalleq Heliport	Greenland
country	Ulyanovsk (Russian: Улья́новск; IPA: (ʊˈlʲjanəfsk)) is a city and the administrative center of Ulyanovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Volga River 893 kilometers (555 mi) east of Moscow.	Ulyanovsk	Russia
country	Kawkaban (Arabic: كوكبان‎) is a town in the northern-western part of Yemen, containing a fortified citadel about 2800 m above sea level.	Kawkaban	Yemen
country	Banhalan-e Bala (Persian: بان هلان بالا‎, also Romanized as Bānhalān-e Bālā; also known as Bānhalān) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Banhalan-e Bala	Iran
country	Illa de la Llum is a complex of two skyscrapers in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, completed in 2005.	Illa de la Llum	Spain
country	The Barbadori Chapel, later Capponi Chapel, is a chapel in the church of Santa Felicita in Florence, central Italy.	Capponi Chapel	Italy
country	James Bond Beach is a beach that sits on a small peninsula at Oracabessa Bay, about 10 miles (16 km) from Ocho Rios on Jamaica's north coast.	James Bond Beach	Jamaica
country	Nahwa is a village that is part of the Emirate of Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates.	Nahwa	United Arab Emirates
country	The Trudenstein is a rock formation and popular hiker's destination in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.	Trudenstein	Germany
country	Stratoni (Greek: Στρατώνι) is a community of 1057 inhabitants (2011 census), situated on the north-eastern coast of the Chalkidiki peninsula, in Northern Greece.	Stratoni	Greece
country	Burji La (or Burji Pass) is a natural pass in mountains between Skardu and Deosai National Park in Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan.	Burji La	Pakistan
country	Buarbreen or Buerbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county, Norway.	Buarbreen	Norway
country	Hunei District (Chinese: 湖內區; pinyin: Húnèi Qū) is a rural district in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Hunei District	Taiwan
country	Los Patios is a municipality and town in the Department of Norte de Santander, northeastern Colombia.	Los Patios	Colombia
country	Paliepiai is a village in Lithuania located 6 km east of Viduklė.	Paliepiai	Lithuania
country	Palacio de Deportes José María Martín Carpena (English: Jose Maria Martin Carpena Arena) is an indoor sporting arena located in Málaga, Spain.	Palacio de Deportes José María Martín Carpena	Spain
country	Bhatt Majra is a village in Sirhind mandal, district Fatehgarh Sahib, state Punjab, India.	Bhatt Majra	India
country	Balendar (Persian: بالندر‎, also Romanized as Bālendar and Bālandar; also known as Kalāteh-ye Bālandar and Qal``eh Balandar) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 264, in 65 families.	Balendar	Iran
country	The Westfälische Aa (``Westphalian Aa'') is a short (8.4 km) river in the Westphalia region of Germany, left tributary of the Werre.	Westfälische Aa	Germany
country	Altensalzkoth is a village in the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in north Germany.	Altensalzkoth	Germany
country	The 1982 European Figure Skating Championships was a senior-level international competition held in Lyon, France.	1982 European Figure Skating Championships	France
country	The Belgrade Fair or Beogradski Sajam (Serbian Cyrillic: Београдски сајам) is a large complex of three large domes and a dozen of smaller halls which is the location of the major trade fairs of the capital city of Serbia.	Belgrade Fair	Serbia
country	Fossemagne is a commune in the Dordogne département in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Fossemagne	France
country	Aurizon Holdings Limited is a publicly listed rail freight company in Australia.	Aurizon	Australia
country	Leikanger Church (Norwegian: Leikanger kyrkje) is a parish church in Leikanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Leikanger Church	Norway
country	Kajaani Airport (IATA: KAJ, ICAO: EFKI) is an airport in Paltaniemi, Kajaani, Finland, approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) northwest of Kajaani city centre.	Kajaani Airport	Finland
country	Chahgah-e Milas (Persian: چاهگاه ميلاس‎, also Romanized as Chāhgāh-e Mīlās) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Chahgah-e Milas	Iran
country	Muping District (Chinese: 牟平区; pinyin: Mùpíng Qū) is a district administered by the prefecture-level city of Yantai, Shandong province, People's Republic of China.	Muping District	People's Republic of China
country	OPF Boys College Islamabad is an educational institution located in the centre of Islamabad, Pakistan.	OPF Boys College Islamabad	Pakistan
country	Isla Damas, or Damas Island, is a small (6 km²) island in Costa Rica in the vicinity of Quepos.	Isla Damas	Costa Rica
country	Abdal Samad (Persian: عبدالصمد‎, also Romanized as ʿAbdāl Şamad) is a village in Kohanabad Rural District, Kohanabad District, Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Abdal Samad	Iran
country	Wisławie (viˈswavjɛ) (German: Schönhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wisławie	Poland
country	Đại Nài is a ward of the city of Ha Tinh in Ha Tinh Province, Vietnam.	Đại Nài	Vietnam
country	High Speed 2 (HS2) is a planned high-speed railway in the United Kingdom linking London, Birmingham, the East Midlands, Leeds, Sheffield and Manchester.	High Speed 2	United Kingdom
country	The Cockburn Channel (Spanish: Canal Cockburn) is a channel that separates the Brecknock Peninsula, which is the westernmost projection of the Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego, from Clarence Island, Capitán Aracena Island and other minor islands in Chile.	Cockburn Channel	Chile
country	West Hill Collegiate Institute (also called West Hill CI, WHCI or West Hill) is a public high school in Toronto, Canada, located in eastern Scarborough under the jurisdiction of the Scarborough Board of Education until its amalgamation with the Toronto District School Board in 1998.	West Hill Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	Dzhurynskyi (Ukrainian: Джуринський) or the Chervonohorodskyi waterfall (Ukrainian: Червоногородський водоспад) is located on the Dzhuryn river in Nyrkiv village, Zalishchyky Raion, Ternopil Oblast of western Ukraine Waterfall is 16 metres (52 ft) high and 20 metres (66 ft) wide .	Dzhurynskyi	Ukraine
country	Active Citizens Transform was founded in 2004 by Charles Secrett, former Executive Director of the environmental organization Friends of the Earth, and Ron Bailey as a new non-party political movement in the United Kingdom.	Active Citizens Transform	United Kingdom
country	Sirmaniyah (Arabic: سرمانية‎ Sirmāniyah, also spelled Sarmania, al-Sarmaniyah, Sermaniye) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, northwest of Hama.	Sirmaniyah	Syria
country	Chwaliszew (xfaˈliʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chwaliszew	Poland
country	Fitzroy High School is a school catering for Years 7 to 12, located in Falconer Street, Fitzroy, Melbourne, Australia.	Fitzroy High School	Australia
country	Kalix UHC, or Kalix ungdomshockeyclub (English: Kalix Youth Hockey Club), is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Kalix in northern Sweden.	Kalix UHC	Sweden
country	Dobindol (pronounced (ˈdoːbindɔu̯)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Dobindol	Slovenia
country	Jarafuel (Valencian: Xarafull) is a municipality in the comarca of Valle de Cofrentes in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Jarafuel	Spain
country	The Sheraton Mirage Port Douglas Resort is a seaside resort hotel on Four Mile Beach in Port Douglas, Far North Queensland, Australia.	Sheraton Mirage Port Douglas Resort	Australia
country	Viminacium (VIMINACIVM) was a major city (provincial capital) and military camp of the Roman province of Moesia (today's Serbia), and the capital of Moesia Superior.	Viminacium	Serbia
country	Nowe Drzewce (ˈnɔvɛ ˈdʐɛft͡sɛ) (German: Neu Driebnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szlichtyngowa, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Nowe Drzewce	Poland
country	The Amherstburg Admirals are a Canadian junior ice hockey club based in Amherstburg, Ontario, Canada.	Amherstburg Admirals	Canada
country	Tartu (Estonian pronunciation: (ˈtɑrtˑˈtu), South Estonian: Tarto) is the second largest city of Estonia, following Estonia's political and financial capital Tallinn.	Tartu	Estonia
country	Birdling's Flat, originally named Te Mata Hapuku, is a settlement in Canterbury, New Zealand, close to the shore of Lake Ellesmere / Te Waihora.	Birdling's Flat	New Zealand
country	Telowie Gorge Conservation Park is a protected area located in South Australia about 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) east of the town of Port Germein.	Telowie Gorge Conservation Park	Australia
country	Shamirpet Lake is an artificial lake near Hyderabad, India, it is about 24 kilometers north of Secunderabad.	Shamirpet Lake	India
country	Vyf Rand is an informal settlement outside of Okahandja, located north of Windhoek in the Okahandja constituency of the Otjozondjupa region of Namibia.	Vyf Rand	Namibia
country	Vedalen is a small valley in eastern Norway.	Vedalen	Norway
country	Kaknäs is a former village in Medieval times located in Stockholm, Sweden, as part of the Ladugårdsgärdet area.	Kaknäs	Sweden
country	Kusans is a village in the municipality of Ingå in Southern coastal Finland.	Kusans	Finland
country	Skadarlija (Serbian Cyrillic: Скадарлија) is a vintage street, an urban neighborhood and former municipality of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Skadarlija	Serbia
country	Strona di Mosso Valley (in Italian Valle Strona di Mosso or, simply, Valle di Mosso) is a valley in north-east of Piedmont in the Province of Biella, Italy.	Strona di Mosso Valley	Italy
country	The Walery Rzewuski Museum of History of Photography in Kraków or the Muzeum Historii Fotografii w Krakowie is a state-run photography museum in Kraków, Poland, established as the only one of its kind mere three years before the collapse of the Soviet empire followed by a further blow to communist economic planning.	Muzeum Historii Fotografii w Krakowie	Poland
country	Zama Airport, (TC LID: CEX5), was located near to Zama City, Alberta, Canada.	Zama Airport	Canada
country	Literally ``Eagles Bay'', Bahia de las Aguilas is an 8 km long beach along the southwestern coast of the Dominican Republic near the southernmost part of the border with Haiti.	Bahia de las Aguilas	Dominican Republic
country	Nakhl Taqi (Persian: نخل تقي‎‎; also Romanized as Nakhl Taqī, Nakhl-e Taqī, Makhi-i-Taqi, Nakhl-i-Taqi, and Nakhl Takki; also known simply as Tagi) is a city in the Central District of Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Nakhl Taqi	Iran
country	Lauriston Girls' School is an independent, non-denominational, day school predominantly for girls, located in Armadale, an inner south-eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Lauriston Girls' School	Australia
country	Boevange-sur-Attert (Luxembourgish: Béiwen-Atert, German: Böwingen) is a commune and small town in central Luxembourg, in the canton of Mersch.	Boevange-sur-Attert	Luxembourg
country	Ten Putte Abbey (also known as the Saint Godelina Abbey) is a monastery with an abbey in Gistel, roughly 8 km (5 miles) to the south of Ostend, in the western part of Belgium.	Ten Putte Abbey	Belgium
country	The Beisfjord massacre (Norwegian: Beisfjord-massakren) was a massacre on 18 July 1942 in Beisfjord, Norway of 288 political prisoners who were killed at Lager I Beisfjord (German: ``No. 1 camp Beisfjord'' - in Norwegian Beisfjord fangeleir).	Beisfjord massacre	Norway
country	The Grafeneck Euthanasia Centre (German: NS-Tötungsanstalt Grafeneck) housed in Grafeneck Castle was one of Nazi Germany's killing centres as part of their forced euthanasia programme.	Grafeneck Euthanasia Centre	Germany
country	Areguni (Armenian: Արեգունի; until 1935, Satanakhach, earlier, Gyuney and Güney) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Areguni	Armenia
country	Nishtun (Arabic: نشتن‎) is a coastal town in southeastern Yemen.	Nishtun	Yemen
country	Hamburg International Luftverkehrsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Betriebs KG was an independent passenger airline based in Hamburg-Nord, Hamburg, Germany, operating scheduled charter services for European tour operators, as well as ad hoc charters and subservices.	Hamburg International	Germany
country	The Arboretum du Ru de Rôge is an arboretum located in Blanzey, southeast of Fougerolles, Haute-Saône, Franche-Comté, France.	Arboretum du Ru de Rôge	France
country	Orci (old spelling: Orczi) is a village in Somogy county, Hungary.	Orci	Hungary
country	Copenhagen Zoo (Danish: København Zoo) is a zoological garden in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Copenhagen Zoo	Denmark
country	Ravne pri Šmartnem (pronounced (ˈɾaːu̯nɛ pɾi ˈʃmaːɾtnɛm)) is a dispersed settlement of isolated farmsteads above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ravne pri Šmartnem	Slovenia
country	Soligalich (Russian: Солига́лич) is a town and the administrative center of Soligalichsky District in Kostroma Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Kostroma River.	Soligalich	Russia
country	Nagyhajmás (English: Big Onions) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Nagyhajmás	Hungary
country	Županjac (Serbian Cyrillic: Жупањац) is a village in the municipality of Lazarevac, Serbia.	Županjac	Serbia
country	Zakir Hussain Rose Garden, is a botanical garden located in Chandigarh, India and spread over 30 acres (120,000 m2) of land, with 50,000 rose-bushes of 1600 different species.	Zakir Hussain Rose Garden	India
country	The Sinaia Monastery, located in Sinaia, in Prahova County, Romania, was founded by Prince Mihail Cantacuzino in 1695 and named after the great Saint Catherine's Monastery on Mount Sinai in Egypt.	Sinaia Monastery	Romania
country	Umeå Arts Campus is the name of a former industry area that recently (2009--2012) was rebuilt to house several of the arts educations at Umeå University in Sweden.	Umeå Arts Campus	Sweden
country	Naajaat (Kalaallisut: ``Seagulls'') is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Naajaat	Greenland
country	Stade Municipal Georges Lefèvre is a sports complex located in the forest of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, France, just across the street from the Camp des Loges, the training centre of Paris Saint-Germain.	Stade Municipal Georges Lefèvre	France
country	Sukhothai Thammathirat Open University or STOU (Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยสุโขทัยธรรมาธิราช) is one of the two open universities in Thailand.	Sukhothai Thammathirat Open University	Thailand
country	Canet d'en Berenguer (Valencian pronunciation: (kaˈned dem beɾeŋˈɡeɾ), Spanish: Canet de Berenguer) is a municipality in the comarca of Camp de Morvedre in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Canet d'en Berenguer	Spain
country	Aeon Point is the easternmost point of Kiritimati Island in Kiribati.	Aeon Point	Kiribati
country	El Ouata (Arabic: اﻟﻮ ﻃﺎء‎) is a town and commune in Béchar Province, western Algeria.	El Ouata	Algeria
country	Gravenhurst (Morrison Lake) Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CML4), is located on Morrison Lake, and is 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) west southwest of Gravenhurst, Ontario, Canada.	Gravenhurst (Morrison Lake) Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Nörtershausen (German pronunciation: (ˈnœʁtɐsˌhaʊzən)) is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.	Nörtershausen	Germany
country	As per 2011 Census of India Domkal had a total population of 3,914, of which 2,008 (51%) were males and 1,906 (49%) females.	Domkal	India
country	Utrera is a municipality in south-west Spain.	Utrera	Spain
country	Isahaya Park (also known as Azalea Park) is in Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan.	Isahaya Park	Japan
country	Lchavan (Armenian: Լճավան; until 1967, Yarpuzlu and Yariuzlu) is a village located southeast of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Lchavan	Armenia
country	Barzinjah or Barzinja (Arabic: برزنجة‎) is a town in As Sulaymaniyah Governorate (muhafazat) of Iraq.	Barzinjah	Iraq
country	The Asmara-Massawa Cableway was a cableway built in Italian Eritrea before World War II.	Asmara-Massawa Cableway	Eritrea
country	Chapultepec, more commonly called the ``Bosque de Chapultepec'' (Chapultepec Forest) in Mexico City, is one of the largest city parks in the Western Hemisphere, measuring in total just over 686 hectares (1,695 acres).	Chapultepec	Mexico
country	The Villa Comunale is the most prominent and visible park in Naples, southern Italy.	Villa Comunale	Italy
country	Rowville Secondary College is a co-educational, public high school, located in Rowville, Victoria, Australia.	Rowville Secondary College	Australia
country	Rallarvegen (English: The Navvy Road) is a construction/access road in central Norway that is now popular as a recreation trail for bicyclists.	Rallarvegen	Norway
country	Gradiško (pronounced (ɡɾaˈdiːʃkɔ)) is small settlement in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Gradiško	Slovenia
country	Mäntsälä Airfield is an airfield in Mäntsälä, Finland, about 7 nautical miles (13 km; 8 mi) southeast of Mänstälä town centre.	Mäntsälä Airfield	Finland
country	Ihosy (iˈusʲ) is a city (commune urbaine) with 16990 inhabitants (2004) in Ihorombe Region in central south Madagascar.	Ihosy	Madagascar
country	Mahanoro is a city and rural commune located in the Atsinanana region of eastern Madagascar, along the coast.	Mahanoro	Madagascar
country	Teatro Caupolicán (Caupolicán Theatre) is a theatre and music venue located on the San Diego street in Santiago, Chile.	Teatro Caupolicán	Chile
country	Cerca-la-Source (Haitian Creole: Sèka Lasous) is a commune in the Cerca-la-Source Arrondissement, in the Centre Department of Haiti.	Cerca-la-Source	Haiti
country	Kettinge is a village and parish in southeastern Lolland, Denmark.	Kettinge	Denmark
country	Thathi Faqir Sahib is one of the 57 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Thathi Faqir Sahib	Pakistan
country	The Diocese of Visby is a division of the Church of Sweden consisting of Gotland.	Diocese of Visby	Sweden
country	The Arboretum du Lampy, also known as the Arboretum du Domaine du Lampy-Neuf, is a private arboretum located in Le Lampy-Neuf, Saissac, Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.	Arboretum du Lampy	France
country	Hohe Elbgeest is an Amt (``common administration for several smaller municipalities'') in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Hohe Elbgeest	Germany
country	The Ball Range is a mountain range on the Continental Divide between Vermilion Pass and Red Earth Pass in Kootenay National Park, Canada.	Ball Range	Canada
country	Al Jabalayn ( also El Jebelein ) is a town in central Sudan lying on the east bank of the River Nile.	Al Jabalayn	Sudan
country	Todruyeh (Persian: تدروئيه‎‎, also Romanized as Todrūyeh, Tadrooyeh, and Tadrūyeh; also known as Tūdarān, Tudaru, Tudirān, and Tūdorān) is a village in Godeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Todruyeh	Iran
country	Bălănești Hill (Romanian: Dealul Bălănești) is the highest geographical point in Moldova, with an altitude of 430 m (429 m according to some sources).	Bălănești Hill	Moldova
country	Hope Africa University is the largest and fastest growing private university in Burundi with current enrollment at 6000 Students.	Hope Africa University	Burundi
country	Lake Bulusan is a lake on Luzon Island in the Philippines.	Lake Bulusan	Philippines
country	The Rothenburg Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station in Rothenburg, Oberlausitz in Germany.	Rothenburg Solar Park	Germany
country	Buschrodt (Luxembourgish: Bëschrued) is a village in the commune of Wahl, in western Luxembourg.	Buschrodt	Luxembourg
country	Moridabad (Persian: مريداباد‎‎, also Romanized as Morīdābād) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Moridabad	Iran
country	Donaborów (dɔnaˈbɔruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Donaborów	Poland
country	Sitampiky is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in north-western Madagascar approximately 240 kilometres north-west of the capital Antananarivo.	Sitampiky	Madagascar
country	Basco Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the town of Basco in Batanes, the northernmost province in the Philippines.	Basco Lighthouse	Philippines
country	Mount Cotton Hillclimb is a permanent tarmac hillclimbing circuit at Mount Cotton, Queensland, Australia.	Mount Cotton Hillclimb	Australia
country	Hana Academy Seoul (also known as Hana High School, Hangeul: 하나고) is a private high school located in Seoul, South Korea.	Hana Academy Seoul	South Korea
country	Tvrdoš Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Тврдош) is a 15th-century Serbian Orthodox monastery near the city of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tvrdoš Monastery	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Qumsangir District or Nohiya-i Qumsangir (Tajik: Ноҳияи Қумсангир/Persian: ناحیۀ قمسنگیر‎) is a district in Khatlon province, Tajikistan.	Qumsangir District	Tajikistan
country	Tonjaran (Persian: تانجران‎, also Romanized as Ţonjarān; also known as Tongarān) is a village in Salehan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Tonjaran	Iran
country	The Südheide Nature Park (``Southern Heath Nature Park'', German: Naturpark Südheide) is a large protected area of forest and heathland in the southern part of the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany.	Südheide Nature Park	Germany
country	Allouis is a commune in the Cher department of the Centre region of France.	Allouis	France
country	The KidsRights Foundation is an international children's aid and advocacy organisation based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	KidsRights Foundation	Netherlands
country	Deadman's Cay Airport (IATA: LGI, ICAO: MYLD) is an airport located near Deadman's Cay on Long Island in The Bahamas.	Deadman's Cay Airport	The Bahamas
country	Barrio Brasil is a neighborhood of Santiago, Chile, located to the west of the city center in the commune of Santiago and to the east of Barrio Yungay.	Barrio Brasil	Chile
country	Eti-Osa East is a newly created Local Government Area in Nigeria.	Eti-Osa East	Nigeria
country	Bozorg Bisheh-ye Mahalleh (Persian: بزرگ بيشه محله‎, also Romanized as Bozorg Bīsheh-ye Maḩalleh; also known as Bozorg Bīsheh) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District, Dehferi District, Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bozorg Bisheh-ye Mahalleh	Iran
country	Hong'an County (simplified Chinese: 红安县; traditional Chinese: 紅安縣; pinyin: Hóng'ān Xiàn), formerly named Huang'an County (黄安县), located to the north of Wuhan, is a county in Huanggang, Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Hong'an County	People's Republic of China
country	Mount Taylor Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia which is located on Kangaroo Island.	Mount Taylor Conservation Park	Australia
country	Øverdalen Church (Norwegian: Øverdalen kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Øverdalen Church	Norway
country	Wachirathan Falls (Thai: น้ำตกวชิรธาร lit. Diamond Creek Falls, also spelled Vachirathan) are waterfalls in the Chom Thong district in the province of Chiang Mai, Thailand.	Wachirathan Falls	Thailand
country	Hvidøre House (Danish: Hvidøre ) is a former country house at Klampenborg, just south of Bellevue Beach, on the Øresund coast north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Hvidøre	Denmark
country	Tavbor (Persian: تاوبر‎, also Romanized as Tāvbor and Tāvar) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tavbor	Iran
country	Karjamal Niyaz Ali (Persian: كرجمال نيازعلي‎, also Romanized as Karjamāl Nīyāz ʿAlī) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Karjamal Niyaz Ali	Iran
country	Wat Phra That Doi Chom Thong (Thai: วัดพระธาตุดอยจอมทอง) (also known as Wat Phra That Doi Jom Thong) is located in Nakhon Chiang Rai, Amphoe Mueang, Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Wat Phra That Doi Chom Thong	Thailand
country	Sriram College of Arts and Science (Tamil: ஸ்ரீராம் கலை மற்றும் அறிவியல் கல்லூரி) is a college in Perumalpattu, Tiruvallur Dt., Tamil Nadu, India.	Sriram College of Arts and Science	India
country	The Germán Sánchez Ruipérez Foundation is a non-profit Spanish institution, constituted in October 1981 and recognized by the Ministry of Culture of Spain.	Germán Sánchez Ruipérez Foundation	Spain
country	The Plátano River (Banana River) is a river in Honduras which runs through the Río Plátano Biosphere Reserve.	Plátano River	Honduras
country	Bokpyin Township (Burmese: ဘုတ်ပြင်းမြို့နယ်; Thai: บกเปี้ยน; RTGS: Bok Pian) is a township of Kawthoung District, Taninthayi Division, Myanmar.	Bokpyin Township	Myanmar
country	Orana Steiner School, founded in 1981, is an Independent, co-educational Steiner school in Weston, Canberra, Australia.	Orana Steiner School	Australia
country	Azra Naheed Medical College (abbreviated as ANMC), established in 2011 and named after Azra Naheed, is a private college of medicine, pharmacy and allied health professions (Physiotherapy) located on Raiwind Road, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Azra Naheed Medical College	Pakistan
country	The Roosevelt Study Center is a research institute, conference center, and library on twentieth-century American history located in the twelfth-century Abbey of Middelburg, the Netherlands.	Roosevelt Study Center	Netherlands
country	Hemawas is a village in Pali tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan state of India Here Hemawas Dam also located on the Bandi river.	Hemawas	India
country	Qasrik-e Olya (Persian: قصريك عليا‎, also Romanized as Qaşrīk-e ``Olyā; also known as Qasrīk and Qaşrīk) is a village in Shepiran Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 231, in 35 families.	Qasrik-e Olya	Iran
country	Tele2 started as a telecommunications company in Sweden in the late 1970s by the company Industriförvaltnings AB Kinnevik.	Tele2	Sweden
country	Lielahti (Lielax in Swedish) is a suburb in the city of Tampere (Tammerfors), Finland with important industrial and commercial facilities.	Lielahti	Finland
country	Ringspoorbaan or ring railway is a railway line in Amsterdam, Netherlands, consisting of a south-eastern branch Zuidtak, and a western branch Westtak.	Ringspoorbaan	Netherlands
country	Ensdorf Abbey (Kloster Ensdorf) was a house of the Benedictine Order located at Ensdorf in Bavaria in Germany.	Ensdorf Abbey	Germany
country	Sint-Pieters-Leeuw (Dutch pronunciation: (sɪnt ˌpiːtərs ˈleːu), French: Leeuw-Saint-Pierre) is a Dutch-speaking municipality of Belgium located in the province of Flemish Brabant (Flemish Region).	Sint-Pieters-Leeuw	Belgium
country	Tucheng District (Chinese: 土城區; pinyin: Tǔchéng Qū; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Thô͘-siâⁿ-khu) is an inner city district in the southwestern part of New Taipei City, Taiwan.	Tucheng District	Taiwan
country	SMK Majakir Papar also known as Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Majakir Papar (SMKMP) in Malay, is a Malaysian secondary school in East Malaysia established since 1962.	SMK Majakir Papar	Malaysia
country	Mojtame-ye Meskuni Khaneh Darya (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني خانه دريا‎, also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Meskūnī Khāneh Daryā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mojtame-ye Meskuni Khaneh Darya	Iran
country	Kunst- und Ausstellungshalle der Bundesrepublik Deutschland (Art and Exhibition Hall of the Federal Republic of Germany) is one of the most visited museums in Germany.	Kunst- und Ausstellungshalle der Bundesrepublik Deutschland	Germany
country	École secondaire catholique Béatrice-Desloges or ESCBD (Béatrice-Desloges Catholic High School), is a French language high school teaching grades 7-12, which also houses a community child day care centre, in the community of Orléans in the eastern part of Ottawa, Ontario (capital of Canada).	École secondaire catholique Béatrice-Desloges	Canada
country	The Pillar of Peace of Plaza de Cagancha marks the Kilometre zero of the main National Routes of Uruguay.	Plaza de Cagancha	Uruguay
country	Irind (Armenian: Իրինդ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia located about 30 km east of the Turkish border.	Irind	Armenia
country	Cherush (Persian: چروش‎, also Romanized as Cherūsh; also known as Chūrūsh) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Cherush	Iran
country	The Hagby Runestones are four runestones that are raised on the courtyard of the farm Hagby in Uppland, Sweden.	Hagby Runestones	Sweden
country	Wycliffe Christian School (also known as WCS) is the largest independent Christian School located in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia.	Wycliffe Christian School	Australia
country	Taxila Museum (Urdu: ٹیکسلا متحف‎) is located at Taxila, Punjab, Pakistan.	Taxila Museum	Pakistan
country	Uvjeća (Serbian Cyrillic: Увјећа) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Uvjeća	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Castle of Zahara de los Atunes and Palace of Jadraza (Spanish: El Castillo de Zahara de los Atunes. Palacio de la Jadraza) is a medieval castle on Spain's coast.	Castle of Zahara de los Atunes and Palace of Jadraza	Spain
country	Galasan Gurasan (Persian: گلسن گورسن‎, also Romanized as Galasan Gūrasan) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Galasan Gurasan	Iran
country	Bęsia (ˈbɛ̃ɕa) (German Bansen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bęsia	Poland
country	Dəvədaşı (also, Poghosagomer, Pogosagomer, and Poqosaqomer) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dəvədaşı	Azerbaijan
country	Hodal is a city and a municipal council in Palwal district in the Haryana state of India.	Hodal	India
country	Hohenasperg, located in the federal state of Baden-Württemberg near Stuttgart, Germany, of which it is administratively part, is an ancient fortress and prison overlooking the town of Asperg.	Hohenasperg	Germany
country	Escuela Nacional Superior Autónoma de Bellas Artes del Perú'' (ENSABAP) is a fine arts school in Lima, Peru.	Escuela Nacional Superior Autónoma de Bellas Artes	Peru
country	The Baia de Aramă mine was a large mine in the east of Romania in Mehedinţi County close to Baia de Aramă.	Baia de Aramă mine	Romania
country	Galluzzo is part of quartiere 3 of the Italian city of Florence, Italy, located in the southern extremity of the Florentine commune.	Galluzzo	Italy
country	Mazraeh-ye Hadi Keshtkaran (Persian: مزرعه هادي كشتكاران‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Hādī Keshtkārān) is a village in Rahmat Rural District, Seyyedan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Hadi Keshtkaran	Iran
country	Quintero Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Quintero, ICAO: SCER) is a joint public/military airport located near Quintero, Valparaíso, Chile.	Quintero Airport	Chile
country	The Nizhny Novgorod Metro (Russian: Нижегородское метро), formerly known as Gorky Metro (Russian: Горьковское Метро) is a rapid-transit system that serves the city of Nizhny Novgorod, Russia.	Nizhny Novgorod Metro	Russia
country	Messatida (Greek: Μεσσάτιδα) is a former municipality in Achaea, West Greece, Greece.	Messatida	Greece
country	The Agde Round Lock (French: L'Écluse Ronde d'Agde) is a canal lock on the Canal du Midi that connects to the Hérault River in Agde France.	Agde Round Lock	France
country	Cimi (also, Dzhimi) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cimi	Azerbaijan
country	Hartland Community School is a K-12 school located in Hartland, New Brunswick, Canada.	Hartland Community School	Canada
country	Kalix (Kalix dialect: Kôlis, Finnish: Kainuu, Meänkieli: Kainus) is a locality and the seat of the Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County, Sweden.	Kalix	Sweden
country	Horsens also has the only Industrial Museum in Denmark.	Horsens	Denmark
country	Sundby Church (Danish: Sundby Kirke) is a Church of Denmark parish church located on Amagerbrogade in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Sundby Church	Denmark
country	Sawai Man Singh Hospital is the major hospital of Jaipur and Rajasthan state of India.	Sawai Man Singh Hospital	India
country	Puerto El Carmen de Putumayo is a town in the province of Sucumbíos in Ecuador.	Puerto El Carmen de Putumayo	Ecuador
country	Kobylata (kɔbɨˈlata) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kobylata	Poland
country	Rapu-rapu Island is an island in the Philippines where the municipality of Rapu-rapu, Albay is located.	Rapu-rapu Island	Philippines
country	Livera (Greek: Λιβερά; Turkish: Sadrazamköy) is a small village on Cape Kormakitis, Cyprus, 8 km northwest of Kormakitis.	Livera	Cyprus
country	Phnom Aural Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area located in the eastern extent of the Cardamom Mountains in Cambodia.	Phnom Aural Wildlife Sanctuary	Cambodia
country	The Dikuluwe Mine is a copper and cobalt mine in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Dikuluwe Mine	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Wudam Al Sahil is a coastal village located in the Batinah region of the Sultanate of Oman.	Wudam Al Sahil	Oman
country	Zogu I Boulevard or Boulevard Zog I (Albanian: Boulevardi Zogu i parë) (formerly Stalin Boulevard, Dëshmorët e Kombit Boulevard) is a major boulevard of Tirana, Albania, named after Zogu I. It runs in a northerly direction from the central Skanderbeg Square.	Zogu I Boulevard	Albania
country	Palazzo Della Rovere is a palace in Rome, Italy, facing Via della Conciliazione.	Palazzo Della Rovere	Italy
country	The Îles d'Hyères (pronounced: (il djɛːʁ); or Îles d'Or, (il dɔːʁ)) are a group of four Mediterranean islands off Hyères in the Var département of south-east France.	Îles d'Hyères	France
country	Englezovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Енглезовац) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Englezovac	Serbia
country	In British India Kadaura was the capital of a princely state which had been granted an 11-gun salute.	Kadaura	India
country	Villa Epecuén was a tourist village in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Villa Epecuén	Argentina
country	Starosel (Bulgarian: Старосел) is a village in central Bulgaria, Hisarya Municipality, Plovdiv Province.	Starosel	Bulgaria
country	Mithranandapuram Vamanamoorthy Temple is a Hindu Temple situated in Cherpu of Thrissur District of Kerala, India.	Mithranandapuram Vamanamoorthy Temple	India
country	Iruelos is a municipality located in Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.	Iruelos	Spain
country	Blanche Harbor is a natural harbour between Mono and Stirling Islands of the Treasury Islands, Solomon Islands, at 7.4°S 155.55°E.	Blanche Harbor	Solomon Islands
country	Thaon-les-Vosges is a former commune in the Vosges department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Thaon-les-Vosges	France
country	Popowo Wonieskie (pɔˈpɔvɔ vɔˈɲɛskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Popowo Wonieskie	Poland
country	Mawlaik District (formerly Upper Chindwin District) is a district in central Sagaing Division of Burma (Myanmar).	Mawlaik District	Myanmar
country	Taraporewala Aquarium is India's oldest aquarium and one of the city's main attractions.	Taraporewala Aquarium	India
country	The Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre (formerly known as PhoneBusters National Call Centre) is Canada's national anti-fraud call centre and central fraud data repository.	Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre	Canada
country	Dow Baraleh (Persian: دوبراله‎, also Romanized as Dow Barāleh, Dubarālah, Dūberāleh, and Do Barāleh; also known as Dobrāla) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Dow Baraleh	Iran
country	Bréhan (Brehant-Loudieg in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Bréhan	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Sarhadi (Persian: مزرعه سرحدي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Sarḩadī) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 15 families.	Mazraeh-ye Sarhadi	Iran
country	Bharaj (Urdu: بھراج‎) is a village situated near Mangowal Sharqi in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Bharaj	Pakistan
country	Rodovia Santos Dumont (officially designated SP-075) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Rodovia Santos Dumont	Brazil
country	Mazraeh-ye Tang Firuzi (Persian: مزرعه تنگ فيروزي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Tang Fīrūzī) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Tang Firuzi	Iran
country	Boxberg Power Station (in German commonly referred as Kraftwerk Boxberg) is a lignite-fired power station with three units at Boxberg, near Weißwasser, Saxony, Eastern Germany.	Boxberg Power Station	Germany
country	Engeløya is an island in the northern part of the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county, Norway.	Engeløya	Norway
country	The Palazzo del Viminale is an historic palace in Rome (Italy), seat of the Prime Minister and of the Ministry of Interior since 1925; in 1961 the Prime Minister was transferred to Palazzo Chigi.	Palazzo del Viminale	Italy
country	Rip Curl has become one of the largest board wear brands in Australia, Europe and South America, and is also active in North America and South Africa.	Rip Curl	Australia
country	Ara Town is a town found in Nasarawa Local Government Area of Nasarawa State in central Nigeria.	Ara Town	Nigeria
country	Adendro (Greek: Άδενδρο, before 1927: Κιρτζιλάρ - Kirtzilar) is a village in the municipality of Chalkidona, Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Adendro	Greece
country	Qushkhaneh-ye Olya (Persian: قوشخانه عليا‎, also Romanized as Qūshkhāneh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Chaman Rural District, Takht-e Soleyman District, Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 5 families.	Qushkhaneh-ye Olya	Iran
country	The Helsinki Stock Exchange (Finnish: Helsingin Pörssi, Swedish: Helsingforsbörsen) is a stock exchange located in Helsinki, Finland.	Helsinki Stock Exchange	Finland
country	Pluska (pronounced (ˈpluːska)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Pluska	Slovenia
country	Gaskaminjan (Persian: گسكمينجان‎, also Romanized as Gaskamīnjān; also known as Gasgamīnjān and Gīsgamīn Jān) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gaskaminjan	Iran
country	Nyzhnye (Ukrainian: Нижнє, Polish: Butelka Niżna) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Nyzhnye	Ukraine
country	The Verbandspokal (English: Association Cup) is a regional football competition in Germany.	Verbandspokal	Germany
country	Kolonia Brużyca (kɔˈlɔɲa bruˈʐɨt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Brużyca	Poland
country	Mount Entoto (Amharic: እንጦጦ?) is the highest peak overlooking the city of Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia, and has views of the city.	Mount Entoto	Ethiopia
country	Argilos (Greek: Άργιλος) is a municipal department of the city of Kozani in northern Greece.	Argilos	Greece
country	Sachigo Lake First Nation is an Oji-Cree First Nation band government in Unorganized Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Sachigo Lake First Nation	Canada
country	Pusta Ves is a village at municipality Prašník in Piešťany District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.	Pusta Ves	Slovakia
country	Olya-e Khaledabad (Persian: علياخالداباد‎, also Romanized as ``Olyā-e Khāledābād; also known as ``Olyā) is a village in Rudbal Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 812, in 202 families.	Olya-e Khaledabad	Iran
country	Yishun Park is a 14-hectare park in Yishun, Singapore.	Yishun Park	Singapore
country	Palkonya (Croatian: Plakinja, Palkonija) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Palkonya	Hungary
country	Mogotio is a township in Kenya's Baringo County in the former Rift Valley Province.	Mogotio	Kenya
country	Yi Sun-sin Bridge 이순신대교 is a suspension bridge in the south coast of South Korea.	Yi Sun-sin Bridge	South Korea
country	Danforth Avenue (informally also known as the Danforth) is an east-west arterial road in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Danforth Avenue	Canada
country	Arbeidernes Idrettsforbund (English: ``Workers' Federation of Sports'') was a sporting organization in Norway between 1924 and 1946.	Arbeidernes Idrettsforbund	Norway
country	The Sanaga River is a river of South Province, Cameroon, Centre Province, Cameroon, and West Province, Cameroon.	Sanaga River	Cameroon
country	Panjakent (Tajik: Панҷакент; Persian: پنجکنت‎‎; Russian: Пенджикент), also spelled Panjikent, Panjekent, Panjikant or Penjikent, is a city in the Sughd province of Tajikistan on the Zeravshan River, with a population of 33,000 (2000 census).	Panjakent	Tajikistan
country	Wola Otałęska (ˈvɔla ɔtaˈwɛ̃ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Otałęska	Poland
country	Motueka High School is a coeducational secondary school in Motueka, New Zealand established in 1955.	Motueka High School	New Zealand
country	The Lerma River (Spanish: Río Lerma) is Mexico's second longest river.	Lerma River	Mexico
country	Mollasani Rural District (Persian: دهستان ملاثانی‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mollasani Rural District	Iran
country	Uruaçu is a city and municipality in north Goiás state, Brazil.	Uruaçu	Brazil
country	Gluhovići (Serbian: Глуховићи) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gluhovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Šemša (Hungarian: Semse, 1280 Scemse, 1310 Sempse, 1318 Scemse, Zemsce, Scemche, 1328 Zemse, Zemsa, 1350 Scemcha, 1427 Scempse) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Šemša	Slovakia
country	Gilgel Gibe River is a tributary of the Gibe River in southwest Ethiopia.	Gilgel Gibe River	Ethiopia
country	The production area for Madiran wine is spread over three départments - Gers, Hautes-Pyrénées and Pyrénées-Atlantiques - and is a part of the South West France wine region.	Madiran wine	France
country	Kroppenstedt is a town in the Börde district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, formerly known as Kroppenstaedt in the Kingdom of Prussia.	Kroppenstedt	Germany
country	The Großer Eutiner See is a lake in Holstein Switzerland, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Großer Eutiner See	Germany
country	Bifröst University is located in the valley of Norðurárdalur, approximately 30 kilometers north of Borgarnes, Iceland.	Bifröst University	Iceland
country	Cinere is a commuter area, a district of its own, a breakaway region, which includes the expansion areas within the administrative area of the city of Depok, West Java, Indonesia (was as part of districts Limo) It has a population of 113,716.	Cinere	Indonesia
country	Khaar (Pashto: ښار‎, X̌ār), also spelled Khar, is a town in the Bajaur Agency of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Khaar	Pakistan
country	Betzet (Hebrew: בֶּצֶת) is a moshav in the Western Galilee in northern Israel.	Betzet	Israel
country	Izby (ˈizbɨ) (Ukrainian: Ізби, Izby) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Izby	Poland
country	Anolaima (Spanish pronunciation: (anoˈlaima)) is a municipality and township of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.	Anolaima	Colombia
country	Akornat Strait (Danish: Sortenhul) is a strait in the Upernavik Archipelago in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Akornat Strait	Greenland
country	Bur Dubai (in Arabic: بر دبي ) is a historic district in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, located on the western side of the Dubai Creek.	Bur Dubai	United Arab Emirates
country	Cham-e Gorgali (Persian: چم گرگعلي‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Gorg``alī) is a village in Qalayi Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 14 families.	Cham-e Gorgali	Iran
country	The Bata Shoes Head Office in Toronto, Canada was Bata Shoes' former headquarters.	Bata Shoes Head Office	Canada
country	Palacio Taranco, located in front of the Plaza Zabala, in the heart of the Old City of Montevideo, Uruguay, is a palace erected in the early 20th century during a period in which the architectural style was influenced by French architecture.	Palacio Taranco	Uruguay
country	One of the worst natural catastrophes in Brazil took place in Tubarão, on March 28, 1974.	Tubarão	Brazil
country	Aarhus Docklands (Danish: Aarhus Ø) is a new neighbourhood and construction project in Aarhus, Denmark.	Aarhus Docklands	Denmark
country	Tolombeh-ye Abbas Salehi (Persian: تلمبه عباس صالحي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAbbās Şāleḥī) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Abbas Salehi	Iran
country	Preparatory School Islamabad is a privately owned co-educational school in Islamabad, Pakistan.	Preparatory School Islamabad	Pakistan
country	Mount Scoria Conservation Park is a park near Thangool, Queensland in Central Queensland, Australia, about 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Biloela.	Mount Scoria Conservation Park	Australia
country	Fernão Ferro is a civil parish, in the municipality of Seixal in the district of Setúbal, Portugal.	Fernão Ferro	Portugal
country	Yeyənkənd (also, Yegenkend) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yeyənkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Pillaton (Cornish: Trebeulyow) is a village and civil parish in south east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Pillaton	United Kingdom
country	Delft ((dɛlft)) is a city and a municipality in the Netherlands.	Delft	Netherlands
country	Chyappara (Russian: Чыаппара) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Alagarsky Rural Okrug of Churapchinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 89 kilometers (55 mi) from Churapcha, the administrative center of the district.	Chyappara	Russia
country	Serra del Tallat is a mountain range of the Catalan Central Depression, Catalonia, Spain.	Serra del Tallat	Spain
country	The Chamak copper plates are an epigraphic record of the Vākāṭaka dynasty, documenting a land donation to brāhmaṇas in the reign king Pravarasena II in the fifth century CE. They were found at Chamak, in District Amravati, Maharashtra, India.	Chamak copper plates	India
country	The Autodrome Saint-Eustache is a motor sport complex in Saint-Eustache, Quebec, Canada established in 1965, which contains a .40-mile paved oval and a 1-mile paved road course with hot pits, grandstands and services.	Autodrome Saint-Eustache	Canada
country	Funtensee is a lake in the Steinernes Meer plateau in the Nationalpark Berchtesgaden, Bavaria, Germany located on the larger of the two sinkholes of the uvala, known for record low temperatures up to 30 °C (54 °F) lower than the surrounding area.	Funtensee	Germany
country	Bécordel-Bécourt (formerly known as Bécourt-Bécordel) is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.	Bécordel-Bécourt	France
country	Nueltin Lake (Chipewyan: Nu-thel-tin-tu-ch-eh, meaning ``sleeping island lake'') straddles the Manitoba-Nunavut border in Canada.	Nueltin Lake	Canada
country	Kritou Terra (Greek: Kρήτου Τέρρα (locally (ˌkritu ˈterːa)); Turkish: Giritutera) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km east of Dhrousha.	Kritou Terra	Cyprus
country	Sjeverin (Cyrillic script: Сјеверин) is a village in the Raška (Sandžak) area of Serbia, located in the municipality of Priboj, in the district of Zlatibor, close to the border with Bosnia.	Sjeverin	Serbia
country	Lizio (Breton: Lizioù) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Lizio	France
country	The Gibran Khalil Gibran Garden is a 6,000-square-meter public garden in the Centre Ville area of Beirut, Lebanon, facing the UN House, the headquarters of ESCWA, the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia.	Gibran Khalil Gibran Garden	Lebanon
country	Vrbové (German: Vrbau (modernized:Werbau); Hungarian: Verbó) is a town in the Trnava Region of Slovakia.	Vrbové	Slovakia
country	Alun Abbasi (Persian: الون عباسي‎, also Romanized as Ālūn ʿAbbāsī; also known as Ālūn and Alūn) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Alun Abbasi	Iran
country	Taraji Kola (Persian: ترجيكلا‎, also Romanized as Tarājī Kolā; also known as Tarāj Kolā) is a village in Ganjafruz Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Taraji Kola	Iran
country	Ascoli Piceno ((ˈaskoli piˈtʃɛːno) listen ; Latin: Asculum) is a town and comune in the Marche region of Italy, capital of the province of the same name.	Ascoli Piceno	Italy
country	Mueang Kai (Thai: เมืองก๋าย) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Taeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mueang Kai	Thailand
country	Ilsan-gu is the name of two districts or wards (Ilsandong-gu, literally ``Eastern Ilsan district'', and Ilsanseo-gu, literally ``Western Ilsan district'') in Goyang, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Ilsan-gu	South Korea
country	Nafa-khum (Bengali: নাফাখুম) is a waterfall in Bangladesh on the Sangu River.	Nafa-khum	Bangladesh
country	Osęczyzna (ɔsɛnˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Osęczyzna	Poland
country	The Occitania national football team is the football team of Occitania, which is the name given to areas of southern France, westernmost Italy and a small valley in northern Spain where the Occitan language is spoken.	Occitania national football team	France
country	Qeshlaq-e Akhmud-e Olya (Persian: قشلاق اخمودعليا‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Akhmūd-e ``Olyā) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 7 families.	Qeshlaq-e Akhmud-e Olya	Iran
country	Jhungle (Urdu: جهونگل‎) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Punjab, Pakistan.	Jhungle	Pakistan
country	The Frøyfjorden is a fjord between the islands of Frøya and Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Frøyfjorden	Norway
country	Skardu Fort or Kharpocho (Balti: کھر فچو) means The king of Forts is a fort in Skardu city in Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan.	Skardu Fort	Pakistan
country	Rábaszentmiklós is a village in Hungary, in the Győr-Moson-Sopron county.	Rábaszentmiklós	Hungary
country	Rashaya District (Arabic: قضاء راشيا‎) is an administrative district in the Beqaa Governorate of the Republic of Lebanon.	Rashaya District	Lebanon
country	Želodnik (pronounced (ʒɛˈloːdnik)) is a small settlement northeast of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Želodnik	Slovenia
country	The Khaptad National Park is a protected area in the Far-Western Region, Nepal that was established in 1984.	Khaptad National Park	Nepal
country	Husein-paša's Mosque (Bosnian: Husein-pašina džamija, Хусеин-пашина џамија) is a well-known mosque in Pljevlja, Montenegro.	Husein-paša's Mosque	Montenegro
country	The Rainforests of the Atsinanana is a World Heritage Site that was inscribed in 2007 and consists 13 specific areas in six national parks in the eastern part of Madagascar:	Rainforests of the Atsinanana	Madagascar
country	Capolona is a small town and comune in Tuscany, central Italy, on the right bank of the River Arno.	Capolona	Italy
country	Ringkøbing is a town in Ringkøbing-Skjern municipality in Region Midtjylland on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in west Denmark.	Ringkøbing	Denmark
country	The Österreichische Galerie Belvedere is a museum housed in the Belvedere palace, in Vienna, Austria.	Österreichische Galerie Belvedere	Austria
country	The Ryerson Fiction Award, also known as the All-Canada Prize, was a Canadian literary award, presented irregularly between 1942 and 1960.	Ryerson Fiction Award	Canada
country	Sarv Kani (Persian: سروكاني‎, also Romanized as Sarv Kānī, Sarūkānī, and Seroukani) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sarv Kani	Iran
country	The Arenales River (Spanish, Río Arenales) is a river of Argentina.	Arenales River	Argentina
country	Mojżeszów (mɔi̯ˈʐɛʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mojżeszów	Poland
country	Cap-Vert is a peninsula in Senegal, and the westernmost point of the continent of Africa and of the Old World mainland.	Cap-Vert	Senegal
country	Phu Ruea National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติภูเรือ) is a national park in Loei Province, Thailand.	Phu Ruea National Park	Thailand
country	Episkopi Bay (Greek: Κόλπος Επισκοπής; Turkish: Piskobu Körfezi) is a bay on the south-western shore of Cyprus, between Paphos and Akrotiri.	Episkopi Bay	Cyprus
country	Ol Doinyo Lengai, ``Mountain of God'' in the Maasai language, is an active volcano located in the Gregory Rift, south of Lake Natron within the Arusha Region of Tanzania.	Ol Doinyo Lengai	Tanzania
country	Idogo (also spelled Idawgo) is a town in western Nigeria fairly close to the border with Benin.	Idogo	Nigeria
country	Kaleh Kaleh Olya (Persian: كله كله عليا‎, also Romanized as Kaleh Kaleh ʿOlyā) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kaleh Kaleh Olya	Iran
country	The Magdalena River (Spanish: Río Magdalena, Spanish pronunciation: (ˈri.o maɣðaˈlena); Less commonly Rio Grande de la Magdalena) is the principal river of Colombia, flowing northward about 1,528 kilometres (949 mi) through the western half of the country.	Magdalena River	Colombia
country	Kani Bodagh (Persian: كاني بداغ‎, also Romanized as Kānī Bodāgh) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Bodagh	Iran
country	Porta Pia is a gate in the Aurelian Walls of Rome, Italy.	Porta Pia	Italy
country	Frunză (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈfrunzə)) is a town in Ocniţa district, Moldova.	Frunză	Moldova
country	The Paloona Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in northern Tasmania, Australia.	Paloona Power Station	Australia
country	Dacian fortress of Bănița is one of the six Dacian Fortresses of the Orăștie Mountains, in Romania.	Dacian fortress of Bănița	Romania
country	Chah-e Vatan Dust (Persian: چاه وطن دوست‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Vaṭan Dūst) is a village in Yunesi Rural District, Yunesi District, Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Vatan Dust	Iran
country	Nəcəflər (also, Nadzhaflar and Nadzhaflyar) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nəcəflər	Azerbaijan
country	Golden Grove Airport (ICAO: YGGE) is located at Golden Grove Mine, Western Australia.	Golden Grove Airport	Australia
country	Łomża Landscape Park of the Narew Valley (Polish: Łomżyński Park Krajobrazowy Doliny Narwi) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in north-eastern Poland, on the banks of the Narew river, close to the town of Łomża, to the south-east.	Łomża Landscape Park	Poland
country	Obre Lake/North of Sixty Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CKP8) on Obre Lake, Northwest Territories, Canada is adjacent to the lodge.	Obre Lake/North of Sixty Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Karenga Community Wildlife Management Area (KCWMA) is a conservation area in northeastern Uganda.	Karenga Community Wildlife Management Area	Uganda
country	Ras Bar Balla is an historic town in the southern Lower Juba region of Somalia.	Ras Bar Balla	Somalia
country	Ramadi (Arabic: الرمادي‎; BGN: Ar-Ramādī; also formerly rendered as Rumadiyah or Rumadiya) is a city in central Iraq, about 110 kilometers (68 mi) west of Baghdad and 50 kilometers (31 mi) west of Fallujah.	Ramadi	Iraq
country	New Manor Town is an affordable housing project in the town of Manor, India.	New Manor Town	India
country	San Giuseppe alla Lungara is a church of Rome (Italy), in the Rione Trastevere, facing on Via della Lungara.	San Giuseppe alla Lungara	Italy
country	Hjalteyri is a tiny fishing village in northern Iceland in the Norðurland eystra region.	Hjalteyri	Iceland
country	Schloss Warthausen (Warthausen palace) is a schloss (large country palace) near the town of Warthausen in Germany.	Schloss Warthausen	Germany
country	Finnish communications regulatory authority or FICORA (Finnish: Viestintävirasto, Swedish: Kommunikationsverket), located in Helsinki, is the public authority responsible of communication regulations in Finland.	FICORA	Finland
country	Kasarnaba قصرنبا is a town in Beqaa Governorate, Baalbek District, Lebanon famous for its hilly terrain and Traditional Agricultural practices.	Kasarnaba	Lebanon
country	Nowa Kościelnica (ˈnɔva kɔɕt͡ɕelˈnit͡sa) (German: Neumünsterberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Kościelnica	Poland
country	Tappeh Hammam-e Vosta (Persian: تپه حمام وسطي‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Ḩammām-e Vosţá; also known as Tappeh Ḩamām and Tappeh Ḩammām-e Vasaţ) is a village in Murmuri Rural District, Kalat District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Tappeh Hammam-e Vosta	Iran
country	Vrbičje (pronounced (ʋəɾˈbiːtʃjɛ)) is a small settlement southwest of Sveti Jurij in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Vrbičje	Slovenia
country	Thaba Chweu Local Municipality, is a municipality of South Africa, located in the Ehlanzeni District Municipality, Mpumalanga.	Thaba Chweu Local Municipality	South Africa
country	The Chalmers Lindholmen University College or Chalmers Lindholmen was a university college, and an affiliate of Chalmers University of Technology, located in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Chalmers Lindholmen University College	Sweden
country	Oakley Block Dam is a proposed reservoir on the Mzingwane River, south of West Nicholson, Zimbabwe with a capacity of 41 million cubic metres.	Oakley Block Dam	Zimbabwe
country	Deh-e Said (Persian: ده سعيد‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Sa``īd) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 225, in 50 families.	Deh-e Said	Iran
country	The Praça XV de Novembro, (English: 15 November Square) is a public square in the Centro section of the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Praça XV de Novembro	Brazil
country	Pamiers Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Antonin de Pamiers) is a Roman Catholic cathedral and national monument of France located in the town of Pamiers.	Pamiers Cathedral	France
country	The Ila Line (Norwegian: Ilalinjen) is tramway between Trondheim Torg and Ila in Trondheim, Norway.	Ila Line	Norway
country	Maliq is a town and a municipality in Korçë County of eastern Albania.	Maliq	Albania
country	Gboko is a fast-growing town in the Benue State of North-central Nigeria.	Gboko	Nigeria
country	Otoyol 20 (English: Motorway 20), abbreviated as , aka Ankara Çevreyolu (English: Ankara Beltway), is a motorway in Ankara, Turkey that forms the ring road of the city.	Otoyol 20	Turkey
country	Għajn Ħadid Tower (Maltese: Torri ta' Għajn Ħadid), originally known as Torre di Salomone, is a ruined watchtower in Selmun, limits of Mellieħa, Malta.	Għajn Ħadid Tower	Malta
country	Kazimierz Wielki University in Bydgoszcz (Polish: Uniwersytet Kazimierza Wielkiego w Bydgoszczy; UKW), also known as the Casimir the Great University, is a state-funded university in Bydgoszcz, Poland.	Kazimierz Wielki University in Bydgoszcz	Poland
country	The University of Évora (Universidade de Évora) is a public university in Évora, Portugal.	University of Évora	Portugal
country	Mezdreya (Bulgarian: Мездрея) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Berkovitsa Municipality of the Montana Province.	Mezdreya	Bulgaria
country	The World Heritage Committee by its decision of June 2014 approved the extension of the UNESCO World Heritage site ``Belovezhskaya Pushcha/Białowieża Forest, Belarus, Poland'', which became ``Białowieża Forest, Belarus, Poland''.	Białowieża Forest	Belarus	Poland
country	Valdevaqueros is a village and beach in the municipality of Tarifa in the Province of Cadiz in southern Spain.	Valdevaqueros	Spain
country	Szulborze Wielkie (ʂulˈbɔʐɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szulborze Wielkie	Poland
country	Aristazabal Island is an island situated south west of Princess Royal Island in British Columbia, Canada.	Aristazabal Island	Canada
country	Sonai Rupai Wildlife Sanctuary (Assamese: সোনাই ৰূপাই অভয়াৰণ্য) is a protected area located in the state of Assam in India.	Sonai Rupai Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Daranali was an old district of Armenia c. 400--800.	Daranali	Armenia
country	Jobbik, the Movement for a Better Hungary (Hungarian: Jobbik Magyarországért Mozgalom), commonly known as Jobbik (pronounced (ˈjobːik)), is a Hungarian radical nationalist political party.	Jobbik	Hungary
country	La Salve is a quarter in the 2nd district of the city of Bilbao, Spain.	La Salve	Spain
country	Varani is a small town located in the region of Northern Province in Sri Lanka.	Varani	Sri Lanka
country	Monte Bissau is a mountain located in the central part of the island of São Nicolau in Cape Verde.	Monte Bissau	Cape Verde
country	Ganot Hadar (Hebrew: גַּנּוֹת הָדָר, lit. Citrus Gardens) is a communal settlement in central Israel.	Ganot Hadar	Israel
country	Myndalne (Ukrainian: Миндальне; Russian: Миндальное) is a village in the Sudak Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Myndalne	Ukraine	Russia
country	Lokovec (pronounced (lɔˈkɔːʋəts)) is a dispersed settlement in western Slovenia in the Municipality of Nova Gorica.	Lokovec	Slovenia
country	Penryn Athletic F.C. are a football club based in Penryn, Cornwall, in the United Kingdom.	Penryn Athletic F.C.	United Kingdom
country	Akok is a small town in northern Gabon on the border with Cameroon.	Akok	Gabon
country	Mikhalkino (Russian: Михалкино) is a rural locality (a selo) in Pokhodsky Rural Okrug of Nizhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 80 kilometers (50 mi) from Chersky, the administrative center of the district and 44 kilometers (27 mi) from Pokhodsk.	Mikhalkino	Russia
country	Legen (pronounced (ˈleːgən)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia.	Legen	Slovenia
country	Mabalane District is a district of Gaza Province in south-western Mozambique.	Mabalane District	Mozambique
country	Třeboň (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtr̝̊ɛboɲ); German: Wittingau) is a historical town in South Bohemian Region of Czech Republic.	Třeboň	Czech Republic
country	Peremyotnoye (Russian:Перемётное) is a selo in far north-western Kazakhstan.	Peremyotnoye	Kazakhstan
country	The Senvion 6MW turbine with the same rotor diameter has been operational in Elhöft, Germany since 2009, well ahead of any other turbine manufacturers in this class in the world.	Senvion	Germany
country	Cuise-la-Motte is a commune in the Oise department in northern France It has a thriving L'Arche community, which was founded in the nearby town of Trosly.	Cuise-la-Motte	France
country	The Victorian Ice Hockey Association, currently trading as Ice Hockey Victoria is the governing body of ice hockey in Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Ice Hockey Association	Australia
country	Oberlangenstadt is a village in the municipality of Küps in Kronach district, Upper Franconia, in the state of Bavaria, Germany.	Oberlangenstadt	Germany
country	Chehregan (Persian: چهرگان‎, also Romanized as Chehregān; also known as Chegrevan, Chehraqān, Chehravān, Chehrehqān, and Chehreqān) is a village in Chehregan Rural District, Tasuj District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chehregan	Iran
country	The Diocese of Lapua is one of nine dioceses within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.	Diocese of Lapua	Finland
country	Siddhatek is a town in the Ahmednagar district of the western part of India located on the Bhima River.	Siddhatek	India
country	Lázně Bludov or Bludovské lázně is a spa situated in Bludov, Czech Republic.	Lázně Bludov	Czech Republic
country	The Autopista AP-8 is a highway (autopista) in the north of Spain and crosses the Basque Country from east to west.	Autopista AP-8	Spain
country	Margh Malek Rural District (Persian: دهستان مرغملك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Laran District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Margh Malek Rural District	Iran
country	Orient Forest Regional Natural Park (French: Parc naturel régional de la Forêt d'Orient) is a protected area of woodlands and lakes in the Champagne-Ardenne region of France.	Orient Forest Regional Natural Park	France
country	Nader Goli (Persian: نادرگلي‎, also Romanized as Nāder Golī) is a village in Baruq Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nader Goli	Iran
country	Petroglyphs of Sikachi-Alyan are Petroglyphs on basalt rocks located near the Sikachi-Alyan Nanai village (Khabarovski krai, Russia).	Petroglyphs of Sikachi-Alyan	Russia
country	Kumarapediya is a town located in the North Western Province of Sri Lanka at an altitude of 148 metres (488 feet).	Kumarapediya	Sri Lanka
country	Beňadikovce (Hungarian: Benedekvágása, Rusyn: Бенядиківцї) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Beňadikovce	Slovakia
country	Riverside Girls High School is a secondary, public, day school for girls, located in Gladesville, a suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Riverside Girls High School	Australia
country	Kostenets (Bulgarian: Костенец) is a town in Sofia Province in southwestern Bulgaria, and the administrative centre of the Kostenets Municipality (which also contains a separate village of Kostenets).	Kostenets	Bulgaria
country	Estavillo is a village located in the municipality of Armiñón, province of Álava (Araba), in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Estavillo	Spain
country	Lake Leśnia (Polish Jezioro Leśniańskie, German Marklissa-Talsperre) is a small artificial lake, located on the Kwisa river, between towns of Leśna and Gryfow Slaski in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, southwestern Poland.	Lake Leśnia	Poland
country	Tepetlaoxtoc de Hidalgo is a town and the seat of the municipality of Tepetlaoxtoc, which contains the archeological site of Tepetlaoxtoc, in the State of Mexico in Mexico.	Tepetlaoxtoc de Hidalgo	Mexico
country	Skrybicze (skrɨˈbit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Skrybicze	Poland
country	Vassfjell Chapel (Norwegian: Vassfjellkapellet) is a chapel in the municipality of Klæbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Vassfjell Chapel	Norway
country	Kehrsatz Castle (German: Schlössli Kehrsatz) is a castle in the municipality of Kehrsatz of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Kehrsatz Castle	Switzerland
country	The city of Buzău (formerly spelled Buzeu or Buzĕu; Romanian pronunciation: (buˈzəw); German: Busäu, Hungarian: Bodzavásár, Turkish: Boze) is the county seat of Buzău County, Romania, in the historical region of Wallachia.	Buzău	Romania	Wallachia
country	Cewków (ˈt͡sɛfkuf) (Ukrainian: Цівків, Tsivkiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzików, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Cewków	Poland
country	Sołdany Wielkie (sɔu̯ˈdanɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sołdany Wielkie	Poland
country	Boratyniec Ruski (bɔraˈtɨɲet͡s ˈruskʲi) (Ukrainian: Боратинець Руський, Boratynets'' Rus’kyi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Boratyniec Ruski	Poland
country	Gržeča Vas (pronounced (ɡəɾˈʒeːtʃa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Gržeča vas, in older sources also Gršeča Vas, German: Gerschetschendorf) is a village west of Veliki Podlog in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Gržeča Vas	Slovenia
country	The Postgasse is one of the streets in the Old City of Bern, the medieval city center of Bern, Switzerland.	Postgasse	Switzerland
country	The Sternberg Astronomical Institute (Государственный астрономический институт имени Штернберга in Russian), also known as GAISh (ГАИШ), is a research institution in Moscow, Russia, a division of Moscow State University.	Sternberg Astronomical Institute	Russia
country	Ugtaal (Mongolian: Угтаал, also Ugtaaltsaidam, To welcome) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia.	Ugtaal	Mongolia
country	The Mucca Pisana is a breed of cattle from Tuscany, in central Italy.	Mucca Pisana	Italy
country	London Arch (formerly London Bridge) is an offshore natural arch formation in the Port Campbell National Park, Australia.	London Arch	Australia
country	Leithfield is a small town in north Canterbury, New Zealand.	Leithfield	New Zealand
country	Onueke is the ancestral headquarters of the Ezza, one of the most populous clans in the Ebonyi State of Nigeria.	Onueke	Nigeria
country	Kamal Ahmadi (Persian: كمال احمدي‎, also Romanized as Kamāl Aḩmadī) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District, Bord Khun District, Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kamal Ahmadi	Iran
country	Skepplanda Church (Swedish: Skepplanda kyrka) is a church in Nödinge-Nol, Västergötland, Sweden.	Skepplanda Church	Sweden
country	Uppsala University Hospital (Swedish: Akademiska sjukhuset, often referred to colloquially as ``Akademiska'' or ``Ackis'') in Uppsala, Sweden is a teaching hospital for the Uppsala University Faculty of Medicine and the Nursing School.	Uppsala University Hospital	Sweden
country	Awastara is a city populated by the Miskito people located in the department of North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region in Nicaragua.	Awastara	Nicaragua
country	Jach'a Pukara (Aymara jach'a big, pukara fortress, ``big fortress'', hispanicized spelling Jachcha Pucara) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia, about 4,300 metres (14,108 ft) high.	Jach'a Pukara	Bolivia
country	Wuvulu Island (also known as Mary Island, Matty, Maty Island, Tiger Island, Tiger-Inseln and Wuwulu) is part of the Western Islands of the Bismarck Archipelago in the western Pacific Ocean, part of Manus Province, Papua New Guinea.	Wuvulu Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Junkee Media, formerly known as Sound Alliance, is a digital media company based in Australia.	Junkee Media	Australia
country	San Vittore alle Chiuse is a Roman Catholic abbey and church in the comune of Genga, Marche, Italy.	San Vittore alle Chiuse	Italy
country	Dimandougou (also known as Kouadianinabango) is a town in eastern Ivory Coast.	Dimandougou	Ivory Coast
country	Pribislavec (Hungarian: Zalaújvár; Kajkavian: Prslavec) is a village and a municipality in Međimurje County, in northern Croatia.	Pribislavec	Croatia
country	Bierzkowo (bʲɛʂˈkɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bierzkowo	Poland
country	Osku (Persian: اسكو‎, Azerbaijani: Üçqaya - اوشقایا also Romanized as Oskū; also known as Uzku and Yuzki) is a city in and the capital of Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Osku	Iran
country	The Canadian Luge Association is the governing federation for luge in Canada.	Canadian Luge Association	Canada
country	Intencity is a chain of video arcades owned by Australian company Village Roadshow Limited, with arcade locations in most states of Australia.	Intencity	Australia
country	The Gokstad ship is a 9th-century Viking ship found in a burial mound at Gokstad in Sandar, Sandefjord, Vestfold, Norway.	Gokstad ship	Norway
country	The Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar, formerly the Oberliga Südwest, is the highest regional football league for the Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland state of Germany.	Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar	Germany
country	Sina Rural District (Persian: دهستان سينا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sina Rural District	Iran
country	Royapettah is a centrally located neighbourhood in the city of Chennai, India.	Royapettah	India
country	The Bodstedter Bodden is a lagoon, of the type known as a bodden, that is part of the Darss-Zingst Bodden Chain and the Western Pomerania Lagoon Area National Park in northeastern Germany.	Bodstedter Bodden	Germany
country	Pishurka (Bulgarian: Пишурка) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria.	Pishurka	Bulgaria
country	Žuráň (268 metres) is a small hill near the village of Podolí in the Czech Republic.	Žuráň	Czech Republic
country	Toskabon (Persian: تسكابن‎, also Romanized as Toskābon) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Toskabon	Iran
country	Obninsk (Russian: О́бнинск) is a city in Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located on the bank of the Protva River 100 kilometers (62 mi) southwest of Moscow and 80 kilometers (50 mi) from Kaluga.	Obninsk	Russia
country	Fusine in Valromana (Slovene: Bela Peč, German: Weißenfels) is a frazione (fractional parish) of the comune of Tarvisio in the Province of Udine, in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of northeastern Italy.	Fusine in Valromana	Italy
country	Dueodde is a beach in Denmark on Bornholm's southernmost tip. It is known for its very fine white sand.	Dueodde	Denmark
country	Padang Island is an island in Riau province, Indonesia, close to the east coast of Sumatra island.	Padang Island	Indonesia
country	GD Goenka La' Petite, Gurgaon, is a private Montessori preschool run by the G D Goenka group, New Delhi, India.	GD Goenka La' Petite, Gurgaon	India
country	Voidomatis (Greek: Βοϊδομάτης) is a river in the Ioannina regional unit in northwestern Greece, and is a tributary of the Aoös river.	Voidomatis	Greece
country	Aín (Spanish: Ahín) is a town in eastern Spain, in the province of Castellón, part of the autonomous community of Valencia.	Aín	Spain
country	Kuli Khoda Karam (Persian: كولي خداكرم‎, also Romanized as Kūlī Khodā Karam) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kuli Khoda Karam	Iran
country	Châteaudun (French pronunciation: ​(ʃɑtodœ̃)) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.	Châteaudun	France
country	Grue Stadion is a municipal multi-purpose stadium located in Kirkenær in Grue, Norway.	Grue Stadion	Norway
country	The 2007 World Judo Championships are the 25th edition of the Judo World Championships, and were held at the Rio Olympic Arena, usually called Arena Multiuso, that was built for the 2007 Pan-American Games, in Jacarepaguá, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from September 13 to September 16, 2007.	2007 World Judo Championships	Brazil
country	Kidapawan is the second largest producer of fruit in the Philippines, after Davao City.	Kidapawan	Philippines
country	Melhus Station (Norwegian: Melhus stasjon) is a railway station in the village of Melhus in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Melhus Station	Norway
country	Vrh pri Sobračah (in older sources also Vrh pri Subračah, German: Werch bei Subratsche) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Vrh pri Sobračah	Slovenia
country	Al-Jeshah (Arabic = الجشة ) is a village in Al-Ahsa in Saudi Arabia and one of Al-Ahsa eastern villages.	Al-Jeshah	Saudi Arabia
country	Mount Banahaw (alternative spelling: Banahao or Banájao) is an active volcano on Luzon in the Philippines.	Mount Banahaw	Philippines
country	Carapelle Calvisio is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Carapelle Calvisio	Italy
country	Luda Kamchiya (Bulgarian: Луда Камчия, Luda Kamčija ``Mad Kamčija'') is a river in eastern Bulgaria, the main tributary of the Kamchiya river.	Luda Kamchiya	Bulgaria
country	San Nicolás del Puerto is a municipality in the autonomous community of Andalusia, province of Seville, Spain.	San Nicolás del Puerto	Spain
country	Alpbach (German: (ˈalpax) UL-pukh, locally: (ˈɔɪ̯b̥ɔx) OY-bawkh) is a town in western Austria in the state of Tyrol.	Alpbach	Austria
country	South Dagon Township (also South Dagon Myothit; Burmese: ဒဂုံမြို့သစ်တောင်ပိုင်း မြို့နယ် (dəɡòʊɴ mjo̰ðɪʔ tàʊɴbáɪɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located in the southeastern part of Yangon, Myanmar.	South Dagon Township	Myanmar
country	Warbah Island (Arabic: جزيرة وربة‎) is an island belonging to Kuwait, located in the Persian Gulf, near the mouth of the Euphrates River.	Warbah Island	Kuwait
country	The Davos Congress Centre is the major convention centre in Davos, Switzerland.	Davos Congress Centre	Switzerland
country	Roonstrasse Synagogue, located in Cologne, Germany, is one of the five pre-Nazi synagogues of the locality, which was destroyed on November 9, 1938 during nationwide attacks on Jewish-owned property (Kristallnacht) when Germany was under Nazi rule.	Roonstrasse Synagogue	Germany
country	The Masutani Dam is a dam in Minamiechizen in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan.	Masutani Dam	Japan
country	Ribe Cathedral or Our Lady Maria Cathedral (Danish: Ribe Domkirke or Vor Frue Maria Domkirke) is located in the ancient city of Ribe, on the west coast of southern Jutland, Denmark.	Ribe Cathedral	Denmark
country	Dera Allah Yar (Urdu: ڈیرہ اللہ یار‎) is the headquarters and a small city of the Jaffarabad District of Balochistan, Pakistan.	Dera Allah Yar	Pakistan
country	The Solor Archipelago (Indonesian: Kepulauan Solor) is a group of islands in the Lesser Sunda Islands, Indonesia, lying to the east of Flores and to the west of the Alor Strait and the Alor Archipelago.	Solor Archipelago	Indonesia
country	Asian Highway 68 (AH68) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 278 km (174 miles) from Jinghe, Xinjiang, China to Usharal, Kazakhstan connecting AH5 to AH60.	AH68	Kazakhstan
country	Viewbank College is an Australian public secondary school located in the north eastern suburb of Viewbank, in Melbourne, Australia.	Viewbank College	Australia
country	The Maastoren (Dutch for Meuse Tower) is with its height of 165 metres (541 feet) the tallest building in the Netherlands.	Maastoren	Netherlands
country	Boradigah (also, Baradigyakh, Boradigyakh, Boradygia, Boradygiya, Boradygyakh, Boradigakh, Boardiqex, and Vardygya) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Boradigah	Azerbaijan
country	Siena (Italian pronunciation: (ˈsjɛːna); in English sometimes spelled Sienna) is a city in Tuscany, Italy.	Siena	Italy
country	Ceru Colorado is a village on the island of Aruba, located at the very southeastern tip of the island.	Ceru Colorado	Aruba
country	Gabrče (pronounced (ˈɡaːbəɾtʃɛ); Italian: Gaberce) is a village southwest of Senožeče in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gabrče	Slovenia
country	The Hôtel Montana is a hotel in the Pétionville suburb of Port-au-Prince, Haiti.	Hôtel Montana	Haiti
country	The Chartreuse de Champmol, formally the Chartreuse de la Sainte-Trinité de Champmol, was a Carthusian monastery on the outskirts of Dijon, which is now in France, but in the 15th century was the capital of the Duchy of Burgundy.	Champmol	France
country	The Geleenbeek is a small river in Limburg, the Netherlands.	Geleenbeek	Netherlands
country	Bloomfield Stadium (Hebrew: אצטדיון בלומפילד‎) is a 14,413-seat football stadium in the Tel Aviv District city of Jaffa, Israel.	Bloomfield Stadium	Israel
country	Tropea Castle was a castle in Tropea in Vibo Valentia province of Calabria in southern Italy.	Tropea Castle	Italy
country	Tuomarila, (Swedish Domsby) is a district of Espoo, Finland.	Tuomarila	Finland
country	Thiviers (Occitan: Tivier) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Thiviers	France
country	Vorupør is a coastal parish in the district of Thy on the North Sea coast of Jutland, Denmark.	Vorupør	Denmark
country	Pečenjevce (Serbian Cyrillic: Печењевце) is a settlement in south-east Serbia (Jablanica District), located at municipality Leskovac.	Pečenjevce	Serbia
country	Tamandan (Persian: تمندان‎, also Romanized as Tamandān) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tamandan	Iran
country	Brandval is a parish and former municipality in Hedmark county, Norway.	Brandval	Norway
country	Bidsar (Hindi: बीदसर, Rajasthani: बीदसर), or Beedsar is a village in the Laxmangarh administrative region of the Sikar district of Rajasthan state in India.	Bidsar	India
country	Sheikh Pur is a village located in the eastern part of Gujrat District in Pakistan.	Sheikh Pur	Pakistan
country	Hajji Yar (Persian: حاجي يار‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Yār) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hajji Yar	Iran
country	Borg á Mýrum is a farm and church estate due west of Borgarnes township in Iceland.	Borg á Mýrum	Iceland
country	Chirip (Russian: Чирип, Japanese: 北散布山) is a volcano located in the central part of Iturup Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Chirip	Russia
country	Dhobitalao (धोबीतलाव, ``Washerman's Lake'') is a neighborhood in the city of Mumbai (formerly Bombay) in India.	Dhobitalao	India
country	The Feigenbaumklippe is a rock formation in the Oker valley in the Harz mountains of central Germany.	Feigenbaumklippe	Germany
country	Tattarisuo (Finnish), Tattarmossen (Swedish) is a northeastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland, east of the Helsinki-Malmi airport.	Tattarisuo	Finland
country	Tilava is a part of the City of East Sarajevo in East New Sarajevo municipality, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tilava	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sihoť is the largest river island on the Danube in Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia, located in the district of Karlova Ves.	Sihoť	Slovakia
country	Iberia Airlines Flight 610 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Madrid to Bilbao, Spain.	Iberia Airlines Flight 610	Spain
country	The Manila North Cemetery (Spanish: Cementerio del Norte; formerly known also as Paáng Bundók), is one of the oldest cemeteries in Metro Manila, the Philippines.	Manila North Cemetery	Philippines
country	Balkasar Bear Sanctuary, established in 2010 by Fakhar Abbas of WSPA (now known as World Animal Protection), is an animal sanctuary located in Balkassar, Chakwal District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Balkasar Bear Sanctuary	Pakistan
country	Sazeman-e Darya (Persian: سازمان دريا‎, also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Daryā) is a village in Daland Rural District, in the Central District of Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sazeman-e Darya	Iran
country	The Padre Pio Pilgrimage Church is a church in San Giovanni Rotondo, Italy owned by the Ordine dei Frati Minori Cappuccini di Foggia.	Padre Pio Pilgrimage Church	Italy
country	Greek National Road 59 is a national highway in northeastern Greece.	Greek National Road 59	Greece
country	Jubaland State of Somalia, also known as Jubaland (Somali: Jubbaland, Arabic: جوبالاند‎), the Juba Valley (Somali: Dooxada Jubba) or Azania (Somali: Azaaniya, Arabic: آزانيا‎), is an autonomous region in southern Somalia.	Jubaland	Somalia
country	Gifu Nagaragawa Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium at the Gifu Memorial Center in Gifu, Japan.	Gifu Nagaragawa Stadium	Japan
country	Alferrarede is a town and a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Abrantes, in Santarém District, Portugal.	Alferrarede	Portugal
country	Cerro Miramundo, also known as Montaña de la Soledad, is a hill covered with dry shrubland located a few kilometers south of the city of Zacapa in Guatemala.	Cerro Miramundo	Guatemala
country	Capital University of Economics and Business (simplified Chinese: 首都经济贸易大学; traditional Chinese: 首都經濟貿易大學; pinyin: Shǒudū Jīngjì Màoyì Dàxué) is a university in Beijing, People's Republic of China.	Capital University of Economics and Business	People's Republic of China
country	Dar-e Bord (Persian: دربرد‎) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar-e Bord	Iran
country	The Lago di Ogliastro is an artificial lake in the province of Enna and the province of Catania, Sicily, Italy.	Lago di Ogliastro	Italy
country	Somang Presbyterian Church is a PCK church located in Gangnam-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Somang Presbyterian Church	South Korea
country	Pettingen Castle (French: Château de Pettange) is located in the village of Pettingen some 4 km north of Mersch in central Luxembourg.	Pettingen Castle	Luxembourg
country	Krškany (Hungarian: Kereskény) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Krškany	Slovakia
country	Jalan Bani Bu Ali is a commercial town and tourist destination in Oman.	Jalan Bani Bu Ali	Oman
country	Titi Uta (Aymara titi Andean mountain cat; lead, lead-coloured, uta house, ``mountain cat house'' or ``lead house'', also spelled Titiuta) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Titi Uta	Peru
country	The Movement of Socialists (Serbian: Покрет социјалиста Pokret socijalista, PS) is a socialist political party in Serbia.	Movement of Socialists	Serbia
country	Kozinci (Serbian: Козинци) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kozinci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Valkeakoski (lit. white rapids) is a town and municipality in Finland.	Valkeakoski	Finland
country	Beurling Academy (French: Académie Beurling) is a high school located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Beurling Academy	Canada
country	Ran Pethani railway station (Urdu: رن پٹھانی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Ran Pethani village, in Thatta district of Sindh province of the Pakistan.	Ran Pethani railway station	Pakistan
country	Sandbostel is a municipality in Lower Saxony (Niedersachsen) in northwestern Germany, 43 km north-east of Bremen, 60 km west of Hamburg.	Sandbostel	Germany
country	The Breachacha crannog is a crannog located near Loch Breachacha, on the Inner Hebridean island of Coll. The crannog is recognised in the United Kingdom as a Scheduled monument.	Breachacha crannog	United Kingdom
country	Kozły-Janowo (ˈkɔzwɨ jaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kozły-Janowo	Poland
country	Llanganates National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Llanganates) is a protected area in Ecuador situated in the Cotopaxi Province, Napo Province, Pastaza Province and Tungurahua Province.	Llanganates National Park	Ecuador
country	Lac à la Perchaude Airport, (TC LID: CTE5), was located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) west of Lac à la Perchaude, Quebec, Canada.	Lac à la Perchaude Airport	Canada
country	The Tsemperou (Greek: Τσεμπερού) is a mountain located in southern Arcadia, central Peloponnese, Greece.	Tsemperou	Greece
country	Danse Macabre Records is a record label based in Wirsberg, Germany and founded by members of Das Ich.	Danse Macabre Records	Germany
country	The Oulu Prison (earlier known as Oulu Provincial Prison) is a prison located in the Myllytulli neighbourhood in Oulu, Finland.	Oulu Prison	Finland
country	Žagolič (pronounced (ˈʒaːɡɔlitʃ)) is a small village northwest of Col in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Žagolič	Slovenia
country	Courtelary District was located in Switzerland and was one of the three French-speaking districts of the Bernese Jura, along with La Neuveville and Moutier.	Courtelary District	Switzerland
country	Fruiz also known as Fruniz is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Fruiz	Spain
country	Gibostad Chapel (Norwegian: Gibostad kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county, Norway.	Gibostad Chapel	Norway
country	Satun (Thai: สตูล) is a town (thesaban mueang) in southern Thailand, capital of the Satun Province.	Satun	Thailand
country	Karaganda or Qaraghandy (Kazakh: Қарағанды/Qarağandı (qɑɾɑˈʁɑndə)), more commonly known by its Russian name Karaganda (Russian: Караганда, until 1993), is the capital of Karaganda Region in Kazakhstan.	Karaganda	Kazakhstan
country	The National Collegiate Table Tennis Association (NCTTA) is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting competitive table tennis at the collegiate level in the United States and Canada.	National Collegiate Table Tennis Association	Canada
country	Zminjak (Serbian Cyrillic: Змињак) is a village in Serbia.	Zminjak	Serbia
country	Mohenjo-daro railway station (Urdu: موئن جو دڑو ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located near the historic site of Mohenjo-daro in Sindh province, Pakistan.	Mohenjo-daro railway station	Pakistan
country	Lake Kitkajärvi is a rather large lake of Finland.	Kitkajärvi	Finland
country	Little India MRT Station (NE7/DT12) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the North East Line and the Downtown Line in Singapore.	Little India MRT Station	Singapore
country	Coolrain, (Irish: Cuil Ruain), is a village in County Laois, Ireland.	Coolrain	Ireland
country	Nederluleå Church (Swedish: Nederluleå kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in Gammelstaden near Luleå in Norrbotten County, Sweden.	Nederluleå Church	Sweden
country	Belaya Gora Airport (IATA: BGN, ICAO: UESG) is an airport serving the urban locality of Belaya Gora, Abyysky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia.	Belaya Gora Airport	Russia
country	Kisshō-ji, also Kichijō-ji (吉祥寺, not to be confused with Kichijōji, the Tokyo neighbourhood) is a Buddhist Temple located in Bunkyo, Tokyo, Japan.	Kisshō-ji	Japan
country	V.V. Excelsior Maassluis is a football club from Maassluis, the Netherlands, founded in 1918.	Excelsior Maassluis	Netherlands
country	The New Jinja Bridge, also referred to as the Second Nile Bridge, or as the New Nile Bridge is a bridge under construction in Uganda.	New Jinja Bridge	Uganda
country	Darvishan is a town in the southern province of Helmand in Afghanistan.	Darvishan	Afghanistan
country	Aldeia Gavinha (Portuguese pronunciation: (aɫˈdɐjɐ ɡɐˈviɲɐ)) is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Alenquer, in western Portugal.	Aldeia Gavinha	Portugal
country	Anjil Si (Persian: انجيل سي‎, also Romanized as Ānjīl Sī) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Anjil Si	Iran
country	Flakièdougou (also spelled Foulakédougou) is a village in north-eastern Ivory Coast.	Flakièdougou	Ivory Coast
country	Villa Santa Lucia degli Abruzzi is a little comune and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Villa Santa Lucia degli Abruzzi	Italy
country	The Musée-Galerie de la Seita was a museum of tobacco-related objects located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris at 12, rue Surcouf, Paris, France.	Musée-Galerie de la Seita	France
country	Mount Harmston is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located approximately 33 km (21 mi) southwest of Courtenay and 3 km (2 mi) north of The Red Pillar.	Mount Harmston	Canada
country	Qubuz (Persian: قوبوز‎, also Romanized as Qūbūz; also known as Qūpūz) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qubuz	Iran
country	Thrinia or sometimes Drinia (Greek: Θρινια/Δρινια) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km nirth of Agios Dimitrianos.	Thrinia	Cyprus
country	Gorsko Ablanovo (Bulgarian: Горско Абланово) is a village in northern Bulgaria.	Gorsko Ablanovo	Bulgaria
country	Sublimotion is a restaurant located in Sant Josep de sa Talaia, Ibiza, Spain run by Michelin 2-star chef Paco Roncero who utilizes molecular gastronomy in cooking.	Sublimotion	Spain
country	Badkuh (Persian: بادكوه‎, also Romanized as Bādkūh) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, in the Central District of Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Badkuh	Iran
country	Almancil (Portuguese pronunciation: (aɫmɐ̃ˈsiɫ)) is a town and civil parish in the municipality of Loulé, in the Algarve region in the south of Portugal.	Almancil	Portugal
country	Al Minhad Air Base (Arabic: قاعدة المنهاد الجوية‎) (IATA: NHD, ICAO: OMDM) is a military installation in the United Arab Emirates.	Al Minhad Air Base	United Arab Emirates
country	Baltā māja (English: White House) is a national architectural monument in Latvia, national defense Nr.6183.	Baltā māja	Latvia
country	The Perth Polo Club is a polo club in Guildford, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.	Perth Polo Club	Australia
country	Pawluki (paˈvluki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hanna, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Pawluki	Poland
country	Lakehead University is a public research university with campuses in Thunder Bay and Orillia, Ontario, Canada.	Lakehead University	Canada
country	The Belmore Falls is a plunge waterfall with three drops on the Barrengarry Creek in the Southern Highlands and Illawarra regions of New South Wales, Australia.	Belmore Falls	Australia
country	Hestskjær Lighthouse (Norwegian: Hestskjær fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Hestskjær Lighthouse	Norway
country	Unnecessary Mountain, also called Mount Unnecessary, is a peak in the North Shore Mountains near Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and a popular hiking destination.	Unnecessary Mountain	Canada
country	The Max Planck Institute of Biophysics (German: Max-Planck-Institut für Biophysik) is located in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Max Planck Institute of Biophysics	Germany
country	Lake Novillo (``Presa El Novillo'' in Spanish) is a man-made lake in Sonora, Mexico, near the city of San Pedro de la Cueva.	Lake Novillo	Mexico
country	The Bahamas Ministry of Tourism and Aviation is a government agency of The Bahamas.	Bahamas Ministry of Tourism	The Bahamas
country	Motlhabaneng is a village in Botswana on the north bank of the Motloutse River near the borders with South Africa and Zimbabwe.	Motlhabaneng	Botswana
country	The Gogo Formation in the Kimberley region of Western Australia is a Lagerstätte that exhibits exceptional preservation of a Devonian reef community.	Gogo Formation	Australia
country	The Burritts Rapids Bridge connects Donnelly Drive in Burritts Rapids to County Road 22 in North Grenville Township, Canada.	Burritts Rapids Bridge	Canada
country	The Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad (C&SL) was a historic railway in Lower Canada, the first Canadian public railway and one of the first railways built in British North America.	Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad	Canada
country	Uden (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈydə(n))) is a municipality and a town in the province of Noord-Brabant, Netherlands.	Uden	Netherlands
country	Arakynthos (Greek: Αράκυνθος) is a former municipality in Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, Greece.	Arakynthos	Greece
country	Bukovžlak (pronounced (ˈbuːkɔʒlak); German: Buchenschlag) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Bukovžlak	Slovenia
country	Brussels (Armstrong Field) Airport, (TC LID: CPD4), is located adjacent to Brussels, Ontario, Canada.	Brussels (Armstrong Field) Airport	Canada
country	Lepakko or Lepakkoluola was a place for independent youth culture in Helsinki, Finland, functioning from 1979 to 1999.	Lepakko	Finland
country	Suva Planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Сува планина, meaning ``The dry mountain'') is a mountain in southeastern Serbia.	Suva Planina	Serbia
country	Gornja Radgona (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnja ˈɾaːdɡɔna); German: Oberradkersburg Prekmurje Slovene: Gorenja Radgonja, Hungarian: Felsőregede) is a town in Slovenia.	Gornja Radgona	Slovenia
country	Mỹ Đình is a commune (xã) in Từ Liêm District, about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north-west of central Hanoi, Vietnam.	Mỹ Đình	Vietnam
country	Skallelv (Kven: Kallijoki; Northern Sami: Gállojohka) is a village in Vadsø Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Skallelv	Norway
country	Lapuente is a village, or populated centre, in the Rivera Department of northeastern Uruguay.	Lapuente	Uruguay
country	Nir Banim (Hebrew: נִיר בָּנִים, lit. Sons' Meadow) is a moshav in south-central Israel.	Nir Banim	Israel
country	Fellow of the American Society of Genealogists (FASG) is an independent society of fellows reflecting the master class of genealogists within the United States of America.	Fellow of the American Society of Genealogists	United States of America
country	Kazimierzowo (kaʑimjɛˈʐɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójno, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kazimierzowo	Poland
country	Seires (Greek: Σειρές, before 1928: Βερσίτσι - Versitsi) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece.	Seires	Greece
country	The Pindaya Caves (Burmese: ပင်းတယရွှေဥမင်, pronounced: (pɪ́ɴdəja̰ ʃwè ṵmɪ̀ɴ); officially ပင်းတယရွှေဥမင်သဘာဝလိုဏ်ဂူဘုရား), located next to the town of Pindaya, Shan State, Burma (Myanmar) are a Buddhist pilgrimage site and a tourist attraction located on a limestone ridge in the Myelat region.	Pindaya Caves	Myanmar
country	Bošnjaci is a village and municipality in Vukovar-Srijem County in eastern Croatia.	Bošnjaci	Croatia
country	Noel Kempff Mercado National Park is a national park in northeast Santa Cruz Department, Province of José Miguel de Velasco, Bolivia, on the border with Brazil.	Noel Kempff Mercado National Park	Bolivia
country	San Quintín Military Airstrip (IATA: SNQ) is the military airstrip located at Military Camp Number 2-D, located in San Quintín, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, in the San Quintín Valley.	San Quintín Military Airstrip	Mexico
country	Lajan District (Persian: بخش لاجان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Lajan District	Iran
country	Songgwangmae Memorial Museum (aka Songgwang Maewon, Korean: 송광매기념관) is a museum located in Dong district, Daegu, South Korea.	Songgwangmae Memorial Museum	South Korea
country	Sokołowa Wola (sɔkɔˈwɔva ˈvɔla) (Ukrainian: Соколова Воля, Sokolova Volia) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Sokołowa Wola	Poland
country	The American School of Classical Studies at Athens (ASCSA) (Greek: Αμερικανική Σχολή Κλασικών Σπουδών στην Αθήνα) is one of 17 foreign archaeological institutes in Athens, Greece.	American School of Classical Studies at Athens	Greece
country	The Carrière des Nerviens Regional Nature Reserve (in French Réserve naturelle régionale de la carrière des Nerviens) is a protected area in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of northern France.	Carrière des Nerviens Regional Nature Reserve	France
country	The Tordino is a river flowing in the province of Teramo, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Tordino	Italy
country	The Sekhareswar Temple is a Hindu temple situated in Lathanga village in Jagatsinghpur district of Orissa, India.	Sekhareswar Temple	India
country	Nychalakh (Russian: Нычалах; Sakha: Нычалаах) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Byyagnyrsky Rural Okrug of Allaikhovsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 190 kilometers (120 mi) from Chokurdakh, the administrative center of the district.	Nychalakh	Russia
country	Myeik District (Burmese: မြိတ်ခရိုင်) is a district in the Tanintharyi Region of Burma (Myanmar).	Myeik District	Myanmar
country	Plasë (definite Albanian form: Plasa) is a large village in Korçë County, Albania.	Plasë	Albania
country	Park kultúry a oddychu abbreviated PKO (English: Park of Culture and Relaxation) and in the past commonly referred to as Pekáč was a complex of buildings in Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia by the Danube riverbank, built from 1943 to 1948.	Park kultúry a oddychu	Slovakia
country	Tunanmarka, also Tunan Marka (hispanicized spellings Tunanmarca, Tunan Marca), is an archaeological site in Peru.	Tunanmarka	Peru
country	Hariri Pontarini Architects was the recipient of the Royal Architecture Institute of Canada's (RAIC) 2013 Architectural Firm Award, the 2006 Governor General's Medal in Architecture for the Schulich School of Business at York University, and the World Architecture News (WAN) Award for the Bahá’í Temple of South America.	Hariri Pontarini Architects	Canada
country	Picote Dam (Portuguese: Barragem de Picote) is a concrete arch dam on the Douro, located in the municipality Miranda do Douro, in Bragança District, Portugal.	Picote Dam	Portugal
country	Bokhat Alvan (Persian: بخات علوان‎, also Romanized as Bokhāt ʿAlvān) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bokhat Alvan	Iran
country	As of 2011 India Harsi Pind had a population of 2,817.	Harsi Pind	India
country	Volterra, known to the ancient Etruscans as Velathri, to the Romans as Volaterrae, is a town and comune in the Tuscany region of Italy.	Volterra	Italy
country	Bischwiller (German: Bischweiler) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France just west of the Moder River.	Bischwiller	France
country	Kłomnice (kwɔmˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kłomnice	Poland
country	Odyssice undertook a number of concerts in October 2010, including at 'de Boerderij' in Zoetermeer, Netherlands.	Odyssice	Netherlands
country	Křišťanov (German Christianberg) is a village and municipality (obec) in Prachatice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Křišťanov	Czech Republic
country	Pinrang Regency is one of the twenty-one regencies in South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia.	Pinrang Regency	Indonesia
country	Aliçopehlivan (formerly Koyunyeri) is a village in the İpsala district of Edirne Province, Turkey.	Aliçopehlivan	Turkey
country	Beran Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Беран Село) is neighborhood of the city of Berane in north-eastern Montenegro.	Beran Selo	Montenegro
country	Narkhed taluka is one of the 14 taluka of Nagpur district in state of Maharashtra, India.	Narkhed taluka	India
country	Żyraków (ʐɨˈrakuf) is a village in Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Żyraków	Poland
country	Bezpraw (ˈbɛspraf) (German: Kautzenberg) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bezpraw	Poland
country	Anguri (Persian: انگورى‎‎ or Angoori or Angori) is a settlement in Ghazni Province, Afghanistan.	Anguri	Afghanistan
country	Kohat Pass is a mountain pass in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan, connecting Kohat with Peshawar, crossing the Khigana Mountains.	Kohat Pass	Pakistan
country	Brännö is an island in the Southern Göteborg Archipelago and a locality situated in Göteborg Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Brännö	Sweden
country	Dobrašina (Serbian: Добрашина) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dobrašina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Wilcze Laski (ˈvilt͡ʂɛ ˈlaski) (formerly German Wulfflatzke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wilcze Laski	Poland
country	The Synagogue of Besançon is the principal Jewish place of worship in the city of Besançon, France.	Synagogue of Besançon	France
country	The Steeden name has become so synonymous with rugby league in Australia that it is often used as noun to describe the ball itself.	Steeden	Australia
country	Red Deer Symphony is a regional professional orchestra based in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.	Red Deer Symphony	Canada
country	Dr Maliso Mphele Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Tsolo, Eastern Cape in South Africa.	Dr Maliso Mphele Hospital	South Africa
country	Rajskie (ˈrai̯skʲɛ) (Ukrainian: Райське, Rais’ke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Rajskie	Poland
country	Vale do Javari (English language: Javari Valley) is one of the largest Indigenous territories in Brazil, encompassing 85,444.82 km 2 (32,990 mi 2), or an area larger than Austria.	Vale do Javari	Brazil
country	Bremangerlandet is an island in Bremanger Municipality in the traditional district of Nordfjord in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Bremangerlandet	Norway
country	Preguiças Lighthouse also called Mandacaru Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Maranhão, Brazil.	Preguiças Lighthouse	Brazil
country	Nørager is a town with a population of 1,040 (1 January 2014) and a former municipality (Danish, kommune) in Rebild municipality in Region Nordjylland on the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark.	Nørager	Denmark
country	Solugerd (Persian: سلوگرد‎, also Romanized as Solūgerd; also known as Sūlgar, Sūlgerd, and Sulgird) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Solugerd	Iran
country	Apollo International School is a residential school in Sonipat, Haryana, India.	Apollo International School	India
country	Cham-e Dar Balut (Persian: چمداربلوط‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Dār Balūţ; also known as Dār Balūţ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Cham-e Dar Balut	Iran
country	The Kitasoo/Xaixais First Nation, also known as the Kitasoo/Xaixais Nation, is the band government of the First Nations people of Klemtu, British Columbia, Canada.	Kitasoo/Xaixais First Nation	Canada
country	Deux Mamelles, Collines des Mamelles, or simply Mamelles are twin hills located in Ouakam, a suburban commune of Dakar, in the Cap-Vert peninsula, Senegal.	Deux Mamelles	Senegal
country	Qaluy Sheykhan (Persian: قالوي شيخان‎, also Romanized as Qālūy Sheykhān; also known as Qālū Sheykhān) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qaluy Sheykhan	Iran
country	Orpikowo (ɔrpiˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Orpikowo	Poland
country	The Adal Island (Malay: Pulau Adal) is an island located near the Timbun Mata island in Sabah, Malaysia.	Adal Island	Malaysia
country	Turkcell Kuruçeşme Arena is an open-air music venue located at Kuruçrşme neighborhood of Beşiktaş district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Turkcell Kuruçeşme Arena	Turkey
country	Peechi-Vazhani Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary headquartered in Peechi, Thrissur District of Kerala, India.	Peechi-Vazhani Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Wola Łobudzka (ˈvɔla wɔˈbut͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Łobudzka	Poland
country	Dumlong mountain in Belaichori, Rangamati, Bangladesh may be the second highest mountain in the country, as claimed by Md.Wadud Mohosin Rubel with his three travel fellows, Asif Aminur Rashid, Nagib Meshkat & Abdul Haq in 2011.	Dumlong	Bangladesh
country	Fontem is a village in the Lebialem division of Cameroon.	Fontem	Cameroon
country	Portimão (Portuguese pronunciation: (puɾtiˈmɐ̃w)) is a town (Portuguese: cidade) and a municipality in the district of Faro, in the Algarve region of southern Portugal.	Portimão	Portugal
country	The Junee Roundhouse Railway Museum preserves the former Junee Locomotive Depot, a railway depot located on the Main Southern line in Junee, Australia.	Junee Roundhouse Railway Museum	Australia
country	Champagne Castle is a mountain in the central Drakensberg range, and is the second highest peak in South Africa.	Champagne Castle	South Africa
country	Kincardine & District Secondary School (KDSS) is a public high school in the town of Kincardine, Ontario, Canada.	Kincardine & District Secondary School	Canada
country	Strandhill or occasionally Larass (Irish: an Leathros) is a coastal village and townland in County Sligo, Ireland.	Strandhill	Ireland
country	Fal River Links is a consolidation of ferry and boat services serving the River Fal, the River Truro, and Carrick Roads in Cornwall, United Kingdom, providing links to many coastal towns and villages.	Fal River Links	United Kingdom
country	Hlučín Region (Czech: Hlučínsko (familiarly Prajzsko), German: Hultschiner Ländchen, Polish: Kraik hulczyński) is a historically significant part of Czech Silesia, today a part of the Moravian-Silesian Region in the Czech Republic, named after its largest town Hlučín.	Hlučín Region	Czech Republic
country	The Höhlensteintal (Italian: Val di Landro; German: Höhlensteintal) is a side valley of the Puster Valley in South Tyrol, Italy.	Höhlensteintal	Italy
country	Nalagarh is a gateway to Himachal Pradesh in North India, 300 km of north Delhi and 60 km from Chandigarh.	Nalagarh	India
country	The Røa Line (Norwegian: Røabanen) is a rapid transit line of the Oslo Metro, Norway, which runs from Majorstuen in Oslo to Østerås in Bærum.	Røa Line	Norway
country	Aubrac is a small village in the southern Massif Central of France.	Aubrac	France
country	Brąszewice (brɔ̃ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brąszewice	Poland
country	The Shaughnessy Cohen Prize for Political Writing is a Canadian literary award, presented by the Writers' Trust of Canada to the best nonfiction book on Canadian political and social issues.	Shaughnessy Cohen Prize for Political Writing	Canada
country	Lupche-Savino River (Russian: Лупче-Савино) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Lupche-Savino River	Russia
country	Ras Maska (also Ra's Maska or Ras Masqa, Arabic: رأس مسقا‎ ) is a village located in the Koura District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Ras Maska	Lebanon
country	Gornja Prekopa (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnja ˈpɾeːkɔpa); in older sources also Gorenje Prekope, German: Oberprekope) is a settlement west of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Gornja Prekopa	Slovenia
country	Radio Sport (previously Sports Roundup) is a New Zealand sports radio network and the talkback sister network of Newstalk ZB.	Radio Sport	New Zealand
country	The Jan Matejko Academy of Fine Arts, or the Kraków Academy of Fine Arts (Polish: Akademia Sztuk Pięknych w Krakowie im. Jana Matejki, usually abbreviated to ASP), is a public institution of higher learning located in downtown Kraków, Poland.	Jan Matejko Academy of Fine Arts	Poland
country	Fuente Vaqueros is a farming village in the province of Granada, Spain.	Fuente Vaqueros	Spain
country	Suizhong County (simplified Chinese: 绥中县; traditional Chinese: 綏中縣; pinyin: Suízhōng Xiàn) is a county of southwestern Liaoning, People's Republic of China.	Suizhong County	People's Republic of China
country	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Ali (Persian: مزرعه محمدعلي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḩammad Alī ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Ali	Iran
country	The Higher Technological Institute of Irapuato (In Spanish: Instituto Tecnológico Superior de Irapuato), popularly known as ITESI, is a public, coeducational university located in the city of Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexico.	Instituto Tecnológico Superior de Irapuato	Mexico
country	Chaharsu Poshteh (Persian: چهارسوپشته‎, also Romanized as Chahārsū Poshteh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chaharsu Poshteh	Iran
country	Renmark Airport (IATA: RMK, ICAO: YREN) is an airport serving Renmark, South Australia.	Renmark Airport	Australia
country	The Davao del Norte State College is a public college in New Visayas, Panabo City, Philippines which provides instruction and progressive leadership in education, engineering, arts, sciences, fisheries, and other fields.	Davao del Norte State College	Philippines
country	The Garda Mountains (German: Gardaseeberge, Italian: Prealpi Gardesane), occasionally also the Garda Hills, are an extensive mountain range of the Southern Limestone Alps in North Italy.	Garda Mountains	Italy
country	The Lindsay Creek is a tributary of the Water of Leith which runs through the northern suburbs of Dunedin, New Zealand.	Lindsay Creek	New Zealand
country	Łowoszów (wɔˈvɔʂuf) (German Lowoschau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łowoszów	Poland
country	Manalobe is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in southwest Madagascar.	Manalobe	Madagascar
country	Torre Aqualina (Spanish, Aqualina Tower) is a high-rise residential building completed in 2009 in Rosario, province of Santa Fe, Argentina.	Torre Aqualina	Argentina
country	The National Atmospheric Research Laboratory (Hindi: राष्ट्रीय वायुमण्डलीय अनुसंधान प्रयोगशाला) (NARL) is an autonomous Research Institute funded by the Department of Space of the Government of India.	National Atmospheric Research Laboratory	India
country	San Gennaro al Vomero is a Neoclassic-style church, located on the corner of via Solimena and via Giovanni Bernini, near the piazza Vanvitelli in Naples, Italy.	San Gennaro al Vomero	Italy
country	Norrahammar Church (Swedish: Norrahammars kyrka) is a church building in Norrahammar in Sweden.	Norrahammar Church	Sweden
country	Abyek County (Persian: شهرستان آبیک‎) is a county in Qazvin Province in Iran.	Abyek County	Iran
country	Nykulla is a village located in the Tjureda parish of northern Växjö Municipality, Sweden.	Nykulla	Sweden
country	Faskhvod (Persian: فسخود‎, also Romanized as Fasakhowd, Fasakhūd, Faskhowd, and Faskhūd; also known as Fassakhod) is a village in Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Faskhvod	Iran
country	The Giardino Botanico Alpino Valderia is a botanical garden and nature preserve located in the Parco Naturale Alpi Marittime, Corso Dante Livio Bianco 5, Valdieri, Province of Cuneo, Piedmont, Italy.	Giardino Botanico Alpino Valderia	Italy
country	The Junkers F.13 (also known as the F 13) was the world's first all-metal transport aircraft, developed in Germany at the end of World War I. It was an advanced cantilever-wing monoplane, with enclosed accommodation for four passengers.	Junkers F.13	Germany
country	The Modern Centre Party (Slovene: Stranka modernega centra, SMC) is a political party in Slovenia led by Prime Minister Miro Cerar.	Modern Centre Party	Slovenia
country	Assaye is a small village in the Jalna district of the state of Maharashtra in western India.	Assaye	India
country	Motnik (pronounced (mɔˈtniːk); German: Möttnig) is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Motnik	Slovenia
country	Randers Museum of Art (Danish: Randers Kunstmuseum) is a Danish art museum in Randers in northeastern Jutland, Denmark.	Randers Museum of Art	Denmark
country	The Causapscal railway station is located at 142 Rue St-Jacques Sud near the end of Rue Cartier in the village of Causapscal, Quebec, Canada.	Causapscal railway station	Canada
country	Lahore Junction railway station (Urdu: لاہور جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎), (Punjabi: لہور جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ) is the primary railway station and intercity transportation facility in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Lahore Junction railway station	Pakistan
country	El Qattah, also known as Qattah or El-Qattah, is an ancient Egyptian site in Lower Egypt, roughly 10 miles northwest of Letopolis.	El Qattah	Egypt
country	The Apolima Strait is about 13 km wide and separates the two largest islands of Samoa, the island of Savai'i to the northwest, and Upolu to the southeast.	Apolima Strait	Samoa
country	Petite-Synthe is a former commune of the Nord département in northern France.	Petite-Synthe	France
country	Alore is a village in the Chiplun subdivision of Ratnagiri district, Maharashtra, India.	Alore	India
country	The Lammermoor Range is a range of rugged hills in Central Otago, in southern New Zealand.	Lammermoor Range	New Zealand
country	Acıgöl-Nevşehir is a volcano in Turkey with an elevation of 1,689 metres (5,541 ft).	Acıgöl-Nevşehir	Turkey
country	The Sabha River originates from Sabha Lake in eastern Nepal.	Sabha River	Nepal
country	The Cootamundra Herald also published as The Cootamundra Daily Herald is a tri-weekly English language newspaper published in Cootamundra, New South Wales, Australia.	Cootamundra Herald	Australia
country	Jaczewek (jaˈt͡ʂɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaczewek	Poland
country	Nyamirambo is a sector (umurenge) in Nyarugenge District, Kigali Province, Rwanda.	Nyamirambo	Rwanda
country	The Harbour of Eleutherios (Greek: λιμήν Ἐλευθερίου), later known as the Harbour of Theodosius (Greek: λιμήν Θεοδοσίου, Latin: Portus Theodosiacus) was one of the ports of ancient Constantinople, the capital of the Byzantine Empire, located beneath the modern Yenikapi neighbourhood of Istanbul, Turkey).	Harbour of Eleutherios	Turkey
country	The Istituto Europeo di Design (IED) is a design school in Italy.	Istituto Europeo di Design	Italy
country	Villavallelonga is a village and comune in the Abruzzo region in central Italy.	Villavallelonga	Italy
country	Ježni Vrh (pronounced (ˈjeːʒni ˈʋəɾx); in older sources also Ješenji Vrh, German: Jeschenberg) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Velika Kostrevnica in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Ježni Vrh	Slovenia
country	The Argentine Open or Abierto de la República or Abierto de Argentina is one of the oldest national golf open championships.	Argentine Open	Argentina
country	Halmstad is Sweden's 20th-largest city by population and located about midway between Gothenburg (the second most populous) and Malmö (the third).	Halmstad	Sweden
country	Bavčići (Serbian Cyrillic: Бавчићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bavčići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Arbrå is the second largest locality in Bollnäs Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 2,215 inhabitants in 2010.	Arbrå	Sweden
country	Weligama (Sinhalese: වැලිගම) is a town on the south coast of Sri Lanka, located in Matara District, Southern Province, Sri Lanka, governed by an Urban Council.	Weligama	Sri Lanka
country	The Roxburgh Dam is the earliest of the large hydroelectric projects in the southern South Island of New Zealand.	Roxburgh Dam	New Zealand
country	Severo-Kurilsk (Russian: Се́веро-Кури́льск; Japanese: 柏原, Kashiwabara) is a town and the administrative center of Severo-Kurilsky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia, located in the northern part of the Kuril Islands, on the island of Paramushir.	Severo-Kurilsk	Russia
country	Athletes from East Germany (German Democratic Republic; GDR) and West Germany (Federal Republic of Germany; FRG) competed together as the United Team of Germany at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley, United States.	United Team of Germany at the 1960 Winter Olympics	East Germany
country	Punjab International Public High School or PIPS (Urdu: پنجاب انٹرنیشنل پبلك ہائی سکول‎), is a public school based in Bhawana, Pakistan.	Punjab International Public High School	Pakistan
country	Ananda Central College (Sinhala: ආනන්ද ම‍‍ධ්‍ය මහා විද්‍යාලය), is a co-educational National school in the Elpitiya division, Galle district, Sri Lanka.	Ananda Central College	Sri Lanka
country	Vrh nad Krašnjo (pronounced (ˈʋəɾx nat ˈkɾaːʃnɔ)) is a small settlement on a hill above Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vrh nad Krašnjo	Slovenia
country	The Monti Picentini is a mountain range and national park in southern Italy, part of the Apennines, traditionally part in the Campanian Apennines.	Monti Picentini	Italy
country	Bácum Municipality is a municipality of southwestern Sonora, in northwestern Mexico.	Bácum Municipality	Mexico
country	Boßdorf (or Bossdorf) is a village and a former municipality in Wittenberg district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Boßdorf	Germany
country	Nowa Bordziłówka (ˈnɔva bɔrd͡ʑiˈwufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowa Bordziłówka	Poland
country	The Einang Sound Bridge (Norwegian: Einangsundet bru) is a road bridge in the municipality of Vestre Slidre in Oppland county, Norway.	Einang Sound Bridge	Norway
country	WestConnex is a motorway scheme currently in the early stages of construction in Sydney, Australia.	WestConnex	Australia
country	Zayed University, ``جامعة زايد'' is the newest of the three government-sponsored higher education institutions in the United Arab Emirates.	Zayed University	United Arab Emirates
country	The Al-Fourqaan mosque is a salafi Islamic mosque in which is part of Al-fourqaan Islamic Center in Eindhoven, Netherlands.	Al-Fourqaan mosque	Netherlands
country	Burano is an island in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy; like Venice itself, it could more correctly be called an archipelago of four islands linked by bridges.	Burano	Italy
country	Lamco Airport (ICAO: GLLB) is an airport serving Buchanan, in the Grand Bassa County in Liberia.	Lamco Airport	Liberia
country	Beniaminów (bɛɲaˈminuf) is a village in Poland.	Beniaminów	Poland
country	The Castle of Palazuelos (Spanish: Castillo de Palazuelos) is a castle located in Palazuelos Sigüenza, Spain.	Castle of Palazuelos	Spain
country	The Auckland Southern Motorway (also known as the Southern Motorway, and historically as the Auckland--Hamilton Motorway) is the major route south out of the Auckland Region of New Zealand.	Auckland Southern Motorway	New Zealand
country	Aiglon College is a private co-educational boarding school in Switzerland broadly modelled on British boarding school lines.	Aiglon College	Switzerland
country	Lej da Vadret is a lake below Roseg Glacier in the Grisons, Switzerland.	Lej da Vadret	Switzerland
country	Nuochakha (Russian: Нуочаха) is a rural locality (a selo), one of two settlements, in addition to Kerdyom, in Zhemkonsky 2-y Rural Okrug of Khangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Nuochakha	Russia
country	Baden lies in the southwestern part of Germany.	Baden	Germany
country	Yeruham (Hebrew: יְרוּחָם, יְרוֹחַם, Yeroham) is a town (local council) in the Southern District of Israel, in the Negev desert.	Yeruham	Israel
country	The Ayu Islands (Kepulauan Ayu), are a small archipelago south of the Asia Islands and north of Raja Ampat Islands in Indonesia.	Ayu Islands	Indonesia
country	Action Chapel International (ACI) is a Charismatic Christian church based in Accra, Ghana.	Action Chapel International	Ghana
country	The Ålum Runestones are four Viking Age memorial runestones which are located at the church in Ålum, which is 9 kilometers west of Randers, Denmark.	Ålum Runestones	Denmark
country	It had a population of 3,848 according to the 2001 census of the United Kingdom, leading to claims by residents that Bembridge is the largest village in England.	Bembridge	United Kingdom
country	Andipatti or Aundipatty is a town in Theni district in Tamil Nadu state in southern India.	Andipatti	India
country	La Bouza (A Bouça, in Portuguese) is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.	La Bouza	Spain
country	As of 2001 India census, Kainakary North had a population of 8961 with 4501 males and 4460 females.	Kainakary North	India
country	Wellington Girls' College was founded in 1883 in Wellington New Zealand.	Wellington Girls' College	New Zealand
country	Omatako Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam about 100 kilometres (62 mi) north of Okahandja in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia.	Omatako Dam	Namibia
country	Bowen Hills railway station is located on the North Coast line in Queensland, Australia.	Bowen Hills railway station	Australia
country	Eslamabad-e Baba Ahmad (Persian: اسلام ابادبابااحمد‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Bābā Aḩmad; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Baba Ahmad	Iran
country	Aghmāt (pronounced locally Ughmat) was an important medieval Berber town in mid-southern Morocco which is today an archaeological site known as ``Joumâa Aghmat''.	Aghmat	Morocco
country	Balkh Airlines was a short-lived airline headquartered in Mazar-i-Sharif, Afghanistan.	Balkh Airlines	Afghanistan
country	Chartres (French pronunciation: ​(ʃaʁtʁ)) is a commune and capital of the Eure-et-Loir department in France.	Chartres	France
country	Podlož (pronounced (pɔˈdloːʃ)) is a village north of Lož in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podlož	Slovenia
country	Taoyuan Innovation Institute of Technology (TIIT; Chinese: 桃園創新技術學院) is a private college in Zhongli District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Taoyuan Innovation Institute of Technology	Taiwan
country	Krukira is a Miskito Indian fishing community in the North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region of Nicaragua.	Krukira	Nicaragua
country	Ussangoda is a place of natural beauty and a designated archaeological site, situated on the Colombo - Kataragama road near Ambalantota - Nonagama Junction in Hambantota District of Sri Lanka.	Ussangoda	Sri Lanka
country	The Grollo Tower was a proposed skyscraper development in the Docklands precinct of Melbourne, Australia.	Grollo Tower	Australia
country	The Rosengarten group (Italian: Catinaccio (katiˈnattʃo), Ladin: Ciadenac, Ciadenáze) is a massif in the Dolomites of northern Italy.	Rosengarten group	Italy
country	The Bankura Unnayani Institute of Engineering (BUIE) is a Government Aided, TEQIP-II funded and ISO 9001:2008 Engineering Degree Institute located in Bankura, West Bengal, India.	Bankura Unnayani Institute of Engineering	India
country	Peteroa is a small town west southwest of the town of Sagrada Familia, Chile.	Peteroa	Chile
country	The Salerno Costa d'Amalfi Airport (IATA: QSR, ICAO: LIRI), located in the municipality of Pontecagnano Faiano and close to Bellizzi, is an airport in southern Italy, near to Salerno and the west coastal areas of Amalfi to the north and Cilento to the south.	Salerno Costa d'Amalfi Airport	Italy
country	The Semmering railway (German: Semmeringbahn) in Austria, which starts at Gloggnitz and leads over the Semmering to Mürzzuschlag was the first mountain railway in Europe built with a standard gauge track.	Semmering railway	Austria
country	Hapoel Gilboa Galil (Hebrew: הפועל גלבוע גליל‎) is a professional basketball club that is based in north-east Israel.	Hapoel Gilboa Galil	Israel
country	The Premier peintre du Roi (First painter to the King) was a post within the administration of the Bâtiments du Roi of the Département de la Maison du Roi in France under the Ancien Régime.	Premier peintre du Roi	France
country	Kilden Performing Arts Centre is a theater and concert hall on Odderøya in Kristiansand, Norway.	Kilden Performing Arts Centre	Norway
country	Khlong Lan National Park (Thai คลองลาน) is a 420 km2 (160 sq mi) national park in Thailand.	Khlong Lan National Park	Thailand
country	Þórshöfn Airport (Icelandic: Þórshafnarflugvöllur) (IATA: THO, ICAO: BITN) is an airport located in Þórshöfn, a village in northeast Iceland.	Þórshöfn Airport	Iceland
country	Cheshmeh-ye Sabzi (Persian: چشمه سبزي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Sabzī) is a village in Tarrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Sabzi	Iran
country	Split Airport (IATA: SPU, ICAO: LDSP; Croatian: Zračna luka Split), also known as Resnik Airport (Zračna luka Resnik), is the international airport serving the city of Split, Croatia.	Split Airport	Croatia
country	Douala (German: Duala) is the largest city in Cameroon, the capital of Cameroon's Littoral Region and the richest city in the whole CEMAC region of six countries.	Douala	Cameroon
country	Copenhagen Jazz Festival is an annual Jazz event, taking place in Copenhagen, the capital of Denmark, each July.	Copenhagen Jazz Festival	Denmark
country	Santeramo in Colle is a town in the province of Bari and region of Apulia, southern Italy.	Santeramo in Colle	Italy
country	Matsu Nangan Airport (traditional Chinese: 馬祖南竿機場; simplified Chinese: 马祖南竿机场; pinyin: Mǎzǔ Nángān Jīchǎng) (IATA: LZN, ICAO: RCFG) is one of the airports in Lienchiang County, Fujian Province, Republic of China (Taiwan).	Matsu Nangan Airport	Taiwan
country	Nadrlje (Serbian Cyrillic: Надрље) is a village in Central Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at 43°48′27``N 20°57′12''E, at the elevation of 520 m. According to the 2002 census, the village had 229 citizens.	Nadrlje	Serbia
country	The Taltson River is a roughly 500 kilometres (310 mi) river in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	Taltson River	Canada
country	Darah Gerdaleh (Persian: داره گردله‎, also Romanized as Dārah Gardaleh; also known as Dār Gerdaleh and Dār Gerdāleh) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darah Gerdaleh	Iran
country	Bouko (also spelled Bouka) is a town in north-eastern Ivory Coast.	Bouko	Ivory Coast
country	Kohhran Thianghlim (The Holy Church) is a nondenominational Christian sect in Mizoram, northeast India.	Kohhran Thianghlim	India
country	Baraut is a small city and municipal board in Baghpat district, Uttar Pradesh, India, just 55 kilometres (34 mi) from the national capital and falling within the National Capital Region.	Baraut	India
country	The Surgut-2 Power Station on the Ob River in Russia is the largest gas-fired power station in the world, with an installed capacity of 5,597.1 MW in 2011.	Surgut-2 Power Station	Russia
country	Untxillaitz, Untxillaitx, or Untzillatx, is a mountain of Biscay, Basque Country (Spain), 934 m. high.	Untxillaitz	Spain
country	The Bassetki Statue is a monument from the Akkadian period (2350--2100 BCE) in Mesopotamia that was found in the 1960s near the town of Bassetki in Duhok Governorate, northern Iraq.	Bassetki Statue	Iraq
country	Socialist German Workers Youth (German: Sozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterjugend, abbreviated SDAJ in German and in English as SGWY) is a political youth organization in Germany.	Socialist German Workers Youth	Germany
country	Collyer Quay (Chinese: 哥烈码头) is a road in Downtown Core, Singapore that starts after Fullerton Road and ends at the junction of Raffles Quay, Finlayson Green and Marina Boulevard.	Collyer Quay	Singapore
country	The Onerahi Branch, sometimes known as the Grahamstown Railway, was a branch line railway in the Northland Region of New Zealand.	Onerahi Branch	New Zealand
country	The Shire of Banana is a local government area located in the Capricorn region of Queensland, Australia, inland from the regional city of Gladstone.	Shire of Banana	Australia
country	Oud-Oost is an officially designated area of the borough of Amsterdam-Oost (Amsterdam East) in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Oud-Oost	Netherlands
country	Eshtaol Forest is a forest in Israel, located north of Beit Shemesh and near Ta'oz and Neve Shalom.	Eshtaol Forest	Israel
country	Mashamba East is an open pit copper mine near to Kolwezi in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo, currently not being actively worked.	Mashamba East	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Cornwall Today is a monthly magazine, published 1994 onwards by Cornwall & Devon Media, from their offices at Phoenix Wharf, Truro, Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Cornwall Today	United Kingdom
country	The Lontué River is a river in the province of Curicó in Chile.	Lontué River	Chile
country	Vyatskiye Polyany (Russian: Вя́тские Поля́ны) is a town in Kirov Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Vyatka River, 350 kilometers (220 mi) southeast of Kirov.	Vyatskiye Polyany	Russia
country	The parish relies for its education on neighbouring villages with greater populations, save that the Japanese international boarding school Teikyo School United Kingdom is in Wexham.	Wexham	United Kingdom
country	Mayiladuthurai division is a revenue division of Nagapattinam district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Mayiladuthurai division	India
country	Tanamarina or Tanamarina Bekisopa is a rural commune in Madagascar.	Tanamarina	Madagascar
country	The International Boundaries Research Unit (IBRU) at Durham University in the United Kingdom integrates theory and practice in an academic setting.	International Boundaries Research Unit	United Kingdom
country	The M. Chinnaswamy Stadium, located in Bangalore, Karnataka, is one of the cricket stadiums of India.	M. Chinnaswamy Stadium	India
country	Mongrassano is a town and comune of the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy, located 42 kilometers northwest of Cosenza.	Mongrassano	Italy
country	Bassano Romano is a town and comune in the province of Viterbo, in northern Lazio (Italy).	Bassano Romano	Italy
country	The Volkswagen Bratislava Plant is an automotive factory and co-located test track in Bratislava, Slovakia owned by Volkswagen Group.	Volkswagen Bratislava Plant	Slovakia
country	Dowgal (Persian: دوگل‎; also known as Dowkal) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dowgal	Iran
country	Bourboulithra is a wetland located in the Neapoli district, west of Volos, Magnesia, Greece that is important for its biological diversity.	Bourboulithra	Greece
country	Al-Haraki (Arabic: الحراكي‎) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located northeast of Homs.	Al-Haraki	Syria
country	Dərəkərkənc (also, Derekerkench) is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dərəkərkənc	Azerbaijan
country	Cam Ranh International Airport (IATA: CXR, ICAO: VVCR) (Vietnamese: Sân bay Quốc tế Cam Ranh) is located on Cam Ranh Bay in Cam Ranh, a town in the province of Khanh Hoa in Vietnam.	Cam Ranh International Airport	Vietnam
country	Khanekuk (Persian: خانكوك‎, also Romanized as Khanekūk; also known as Khanehkūk and Khāneh-ye Kūk) is a village and center of Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khanekuk	Iran
country	Hukani-ye Sofla (Persian: هوكاني سفلي‎, also Romanized as Hūkanī-ye Soflá; also known as Hūkānī, Hūkanī-ye Sabzeh, and Hūkānī-ye Sabzeh Soflá) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hukani-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Ramot Naftali (Hebrew: רָמוֹת נַפְתָּלִי) is a moshav in the Upper Galilee in northern Israel, near Israel's border with Lebanon.	Ramot Naftali	Israel
country	The Musée du Panthéon National Haïtien (MUPANAH) is a museum featuring the heroes of the independence of Haiti and the Haitian history and culture.	Musée du Panthéon National Haïtien	Haiti
country	Cham Mardas (Persian: چم مرداس‎, also Romanized as Cham Mardās) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham Mardas	Iran
country	Nackareservatet is a nature reserve along the border between Stockholm and Nacka Municipality in Sweden.	Nackareservatet	Sweden
country	Kudippady also called as Kodiipady is a village in Puttur Taluk of Dakshina Kannada district, India, around 6 km from Puttur in Puttur Taluk.	Kudippady	India
country	Davoli (Greek: Diavoloi) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Davoli	Italy
country	Moryntsi (Ukrainian: Моринці) is a village (selo) in central Ukraine.	Moryntsi	Ukraine
country	The Company of the Cross was a lay religious order which was affiliated with the Anglican Church of Canada when founded.	Company of the Cross	Canada
country	Sakhvid Rural District (Persian: دهستان سخويد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Sakhvid Rural District	Iran
country	Canelles Reservoir is a reservoir in the Pre-Pyrenees area in Spain.	Canelles Reservoir	Spain
country	Romang is an island, part of Barat Daya Islands in Indonesia, located at 7.5833333°S 127.4333333°E, east of Wetar Island.	Romang	Indonesia
country	Camrose County is a municipal district in central Alberta, Canada.	Camrose County	Canada
country	The Arboretum et parc de la Rigolée is an arboretum and town park located on the Avenue des Isles in Avermes, Allier, Auvergne, France.	Arboretum et parc de la Rigolée	France
country	Norður-Ísafjarðarsýsla was a county of Iceland, located in the Westfjords (Vestfirðir) region of the country.	Norður-Ísafjarðarsýsla	Iceland
country	Koz cham Dherai koz cham is a part of Dherai village in Swat, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan.	Koz cham	Pakistan
country	Sovereign People (Pueblo Soberano) is a political party in Curaçao founded in 2005, which became after the Curaçao general election of 2012 the largest party in the Estates of Curaçao.	Sovereign People	Curaçao
country	Semhar is the name of an area near the Red Sea Province of Eritrea, which has now become almost incorporated into the Northern Red Sea Region of Eritrea and Massawa was the capital city of the province.	Semhar	Eritrea
country	Mapleview Centre or simply called Mapleview is a two-story shopping mall located in Burlington, Ontario, Canada on Maple Avenue and Fairview Street at the Queen Elizabeth Way (QEW).	Mapleview Centre	Canada
country	Stinson Theatres was a movie theatre chain in Central Ontario and the Georgian Triangle in Canada.	Stinson Theatres	Canada
country	The high point of the group, and of the Siachen Muztagh, is Teram Kangri I. The peak lies on the boundary between China and the disputed Siachen Glacier region near the line of control between India and Pakistan.	Teram Kangri	India
country	Rozgorze (rɔzˈɡɔʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rozgorze	Poland
country	Hamilton Boys' High School is a boys' secondary school in Hamilton, New Zealand and is the largest secondary school in the Waikato region.	Hamilton Boys' High School	New Zealand
country	Zabrid (Ukrainian: Забрід) is a village (selo) in Busk Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Zabrid	Ukraine
country	Smrdáky is a spa village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.	Smrdáky	Slovakia
country	Bezanjerd (Persian: بزنجرد‎) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bezanjerd	Iran
country	The Plains Vintage Railway & Historical Museum is a heritage railway and recreated historic village located inside the Tinwald Domain, Tinwald, New Zealand.	The Plains Vintage Railway & Historical Museum	New Zealand
country	The Upper and Lower Fezouata formations of Morocco are Burgess shale-type deposits dating to the Lower Ordovician, filling an important preservational window between the common Cambrian lagerstätten and the Late Ordovician Soom shale.	Fezouata formation	Morocco
country	Derakhshaniyeh (Persian: درخشانيه‎, also Romanized as Derakhshānīyeh) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Derakhshaniyeh	Iran
country	Witsand is a small coastal town at the mouth of the Breede River in the Western Cape, South Africa.	Witsand	South Africa
country	The Xá Lợi Pagoda (Vietnamese: Chùa Xá Lợi; chữ Hán: 舍利寺) is the largest pagoda in Hồ Chí Minh City, Vietnam.	Xá Lợi Pagoda	Vietnam
country	Boeung Kak (Khmer: បឹងកក់) is an area in Khan Daun Penh and Khan Toul Kork centrally located in the capital city of Cambodia, Phnom Penh.	Boeung Kak	Cambodia
country	Ozherelye (Russian: Ожерелье; IPA: (ɐʐɨˈrʲelʲjɪ)) is a town in Kashirsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 118 kilometers (73 mi) south of Moscow and 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) southeast of Kashira, the administrative center of the district.	Ozherelye	Russia
country	Shekhanya (Hebrew: שְׁכַנְיָה) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Shekhanya	Israel
country	Rovaniemi Airport (Finnish: Rovaniemen lentoasema) (IATA: RVN, ICAO: EFRO) is the fifth biggest airport in Finland by annual number of passengers (in 2012), located in Rovaniemi, Finland, about 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Rovaniemi city centre.	Rovaniemi Airport	Finland
country	The Von Bach Dam (originally the Sartorius von Bach Dam) is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Swakop River near Okahandja in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia.	Von Bach Dam	Namibia
country	Przesmyki (pʂɛsˈmɨki) is a village located in Masovian Voivodeship, near Siedlce, eastern Poland.	Przesmyki	Poland
country	Szentistván is a village in Northern Hungary, in the Mezőkövesd district of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county.	Szentistván	Hungary
country	Cooper's Camp is a city and a notified area in Nadia district under Ranaghat police station of Ranaghat subdivision in the state of West Bengal, India.	Cooper's Camp	India
country	The Liquiñe River is a in the Andes of Los Ríos Region, Chile.	Liquiñe River	Chile
country	Catholic War Veterans (officially called the Catholic War Veterans of the United States of America) is a national organization established in 1935.	Catholic War Veterans	United States of America
country	Zalavan (Persian: زلاوان‎, also Romanized as Zalāvān; also known as Zalāv) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zalavan	Iran
country	Kibish River is a river of southern Ethiopia, which defines part of that country's border with South Sudan.	Kibish River	Ethiopia	South Sudan
country	Norah Head Light is an active lighthouse located at Norah Head, a headland on the Central Coast, New South Wales, Australia, close to Toukley.	Norah Head Light	Australia
country	Moyamba District is a district in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone with a population of 260,910 in the 2004 census.	Moyamba District	Sierra Leone
country	Chengalam is a village situated in the eastern part of Kottayam District (28 km) in India.	Chengalam	India
country	The Newfoundland Seamounts are a group of seamounts offshore of Eastern Canada in the northern Atlantic Ocean.	Newfoundland Seamounts	Canada
country	Kandusar (Persian: كندوسر‎, also Romanized as Kandūsar) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kandusar	Iran
country	Koninkrijksdag (Papiamento: Dia di Reino, English: Kingdom Day, Frisian: Keninkryksdei) is the commemoration of the signing of the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands on 15 December 1954 in Aruba, Curaçao, the Netherlands, and Sint Maarten.	Koninkrijksdag	Netherlands
country	The Banghwa Bridge crosses the Han River in South Korea and connects the Gangseo-gu in Seoul and Goyang in Gyeonggi Province.	Banghwa Bridge	South Korea
country	Cergy (French pronunciation: ​(sɛʁ.ʒi)) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, France.	Cergy	France
country	Santa Rosa National Park, in Spanish the Parque Nacional Santa Rosa, is a national park, in Guanacaste Province, northwestern Costa Rica.	Santa Rosa National Park	Costa Rica
country	Greve Lake (Spanish: Lago Greve) is an ice dammed lake in Chile formed by the advance of Brüggen Glacier.	Greve Lake	Chile
country	Kópavogur (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈkʰoːupavɔɣʏr̥)) is a city and Iceland's second largest municipality by population.	Kópavogur	Iceland
country	Charbrowo (xarˈbrɔvɔ) (German Charbrow, 1938-45 Degendorf, Kashubian: Charbrowò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Charbrowo	Poland
country	Grand Manan Airport (TC LID: CCN2), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) on Grand Manan Island, New Brunswick, Canada.	Grand Manan Airport	Canada
country	Dunrankin Drive Public School is an elementary school in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, located in the Malton area.	Dunrankin Drive Public School	Canada
country	La Hague is a cape at the tip of the Cotentin peninsula in Normandy, France.	La Hague	France
country	Valley of the Seven Castles is an informal name given to the Eisch valley, in central Luxembourg.	Valley of the Seven Castles	Luxembourg
country	Robeson Channel (82°00′N 061°30′W) is a body of water lying between Greenland and Canada's northernmost island, Ellesmere Island.	Robeson Channel	Greenland	Canada
country	Ganj Kola-ye Pain (Persian: گنج كلاپائين‎, also Romanized as Ganj Kolā-ye Pā’īn; also known as Pā’īn Ganjkolāh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ganj Kola-ye Pain	Iran
country	Holy Trinity Avonside was a heritage-listed Anglican church located in Linwood, Christchurch, New Zealand.	Holy Trinity Avonside	New Zealand
country	Zgornja Kapla (pronounced (ˈzɡoːrnja ˈkaːpla)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of the Drava River in the Municipality of Podvelka in Slovenia, on the border with Austria.	Zgornja Kapla	Slovenia
country	The Hollandse Brug is a bridge which crosses the Gooimeer and the IJmeer in the Netherlands.	Hollandse Brug	Netherlands
country	Bjni Fortress (Armenian: Բջնի Բերդ), is a medieval Armenian fortress located in the village of Bjni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Bjni Fortress	Armenia
country	Ranewal also known as Ranewal Syedan (Urdu: رانیوال سیداں‎) is a family village in the west of Jalalpur Jattan in the Gujrat District of Punjab, Pakistan.	Ranewal	Pakistan
country	Ljubinje (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубиње) is a town and municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ljubinje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Skånevik Church (Norwegian: Skånevik kyrkje) is a parish church in Etne municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Skånevik Church	Norway
country	Kykkos Monastery (Greek: Ιερά Μονή Κύκκου or Κύκκος (locally (ˈt͡ʃikʰos)) for short, Turkish: Cikko Manastırı), which lies 20 km west of Pedoulas, is one of the wealthiest and best-known monasteries in Cyprus.	Kykkos Monastery	Cyprus
country	Tando (Russian: Тандо) is a village (selo) in Botlikhsky District of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia.	Tando	Russia
country	Associação Desportiva São Caetano, commonly known as São Caetano, is a Brazilian football team based in the city of São Caetano, Brazil, part of the São Paulo greater metropolitan area.	Associação Desportiva São Caetano	Brazil
country	Festival Towers is a skyscraper of apartment buildings located in Brisbane, Australia.	Festival Towers	Australia
country	Aiviekste Parish (Latvian: Aiviekstes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Aizkraukle District, Latvia.	Aiviekste Parish	Latvia
country	The Fløyfjell Tunnel (Norwegian: Fløyfjellstunnelen) is a road tunnel in the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Fløyfjell Tunnel	Norway
country	Upton and Innishannon railway station was on the Cork and Bandon Railway in County Cork, Ireland.	Upton and Innishannon railway station	Ireland
country	Sierzputy Zagajne (ɕɛʂˈputɨ zaˈɡai̯nɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sierzputy Zagajne	Poland
country	Lagoudera (Greek: Λαγουδερά; Turkish: Lagudera) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located near Chandria.	Lagoudera	Cyprus
country	Strymoniko (Greek: Στρυμονικό) is a village and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Strymoniko	Greece
country	Football Park, also known commercially as AAMI Stadium, is an Australian rules football stadium located in West Lakes, a western suburb of Adelaide, the state capital of South Australia, Australia.	Football Park	Australia
country	Hulsberg (50°53′N 5°51′E) (Limburgish: Hölsberg) is a village in the southeastern Netherlands.	Hulsberg	Netherlands
country	Bruce Peninsula National Park is a national park on the Bruce Peninsula in Ontario, Canada.	Bruce Peninsula National Park	Canada
country	The Arna Tunnel (Norwegian: Arnatunnelen) is a proposed road tunnel which would run from Arna through Ulriken to Minde or Nygårdstangen in Bergen, Norway.	Arna Tunnel	Norway
country	The Kilkis War Museum stands outside the town of the city of Kilkis in Central Macedonia, Greece.	Kilkis War Museum	Greece
country	Parent Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSE9), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) south of Parent, Quebec, Canada.	Parent Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Prostki (ˈprɔstki) (German Prostken) is a village in Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Prostki	Poland
country	In addition to Maple Syrup, Lanark County is also one of the largest exporters of Marijuana in Canada.	Lanark County	Canada
country	Guben (Polish and Sorbian: Gubin) is a town on the Lusatian Neisse river in the state of Brandenburg, Germany.	Guben	Germany
country	Skierbieszów (skʲɛrˈbjɛʂuf) is a village in Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Skierbieszów	Poland
country	The Gave de Pau is a river of south-western France and a left tributary of the Adour.	Gave de Pau	France
country	Sanhattan, a portmanteau of Santiago and Manhattan, is the popular ironic sobriquet given to Chile's capital Santiago's ``high-end'' financial district.	Sanhattan	Chile
country	Kampung Kling Mosque (Malay: Masjid Kampung Kling) (sometimes also spelt Kampung Keling Mosque) is an old mosque in Malacca, Malaysia.	Kampung Kling Mosque	Malaysia
country	Queen Air (Aeronaves Queen SA) was an airline based at Las Americas International Airport, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Queen Air	Dominican Republic
country	Ebrahim Khesar (Persian: ابراهيم خسار‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Khesār; also known as Ebrāhīm Ḩeşār and Ibrāhīm Hisār) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ebrahim Khesar	Iran
country	Fanud (Persian: فنود‎, also Romanized as Fanūd) is a village in Mud Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fanud	Iran
country	The Tromsø International Film Festival (TIFF) is an annual film festival held during the third week of January in Tromsø, Norway.	Tromsø International Film Festival	Norway
country	The Valdivian temperate rain forests are a temperate broadleaf and mixed-forest ecoregion located on the west coast of southern South America, lying mostly in Chile and extending into a small part of Argentina.	Valdivian temperate rain forest	Chile
country	Chaseta is a town in central Malawi near Lake Malawi lying 7.8 miles (12.6 km) west of Chipoka.	Chaseta	Malawi
country	Tagbilaran Airport (Cebuano: Tugpahanan sa Tagbilaran, Tagalog: Paliparan ng Tagbilaran) (IATA: TAG, ICAO: RPVT) is an airport serving the general area of Tagbilaran, the capital city of the province of Bohol in the Philippines.	Tagbilaran Airport	Philippines
country	The Carl Jacobsen House is the former home of Carl Jacobsen and one of the listed buildings in the Carlsberg area of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Carl Jacobsen House	Denmark
country	Mazraeh-ye Afzalabad (Persian: مزرعه افضل اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Āfẕalābād) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Afzalabad	Iran
country	Vermaaklikheid is a settlement on South Africa's Garden Route in the Western Cape.	Vermaaklikheid	South Africa
country	Daegu International Airport (Hangul: 대구국제공항; Hanja: 大邱國際空港; Revised Romanization: Daegu Gukje Gonghang; McCune-Reischauer: Taegu Kukche Konghang) (IATA: TAE, ICAO: RKTN) is primarily a domestic airport in the city of Daegu, South Korea.	Daegu International Airport	South Korea
country	The Vancouver Chinese Music Ensemble is an ensemble of traditional Chinese musical instruments based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Vancouver Chinese Music Ensemble	Canada
country	Guilvinec or Le Guilvinec (Breton: Ar Gelveneg) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Guilvinec	France
country	Biure is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Empordà in Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Biure	Spain
country	The Rocsen Museum (Spanish: Museo Rocsen) is a museum located in Nono, Córdoba Province, Argentina, 8 km from Mina Clavero.	Museo Rocsen	Argentina
country	Aşağı Tala (also, Ashagy-Tala and Ikindzhi-Tala; is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 6,027.	Aşağı Tala	Azerbaijan
country	Punta San Carlos Airstrip is a public dirt airstrip located in Punta San Carlos, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, a little camp located on the Pacific Ocean coast, 50 miles South of El Rosario de Arriba.	Punta San Carlos Airstrip	Mexico
country	Bershad (Ukrainian: Бершадь, translit., Bershad''), is a town in the Vinnytsia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Bershad	Ukraine
country	St. Margrethen (Saint Margrethen/Sankt Margrethen) is a municipality in the Wahlkreis (constituency) of Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.	St. Margrethen	Switzerland
country	Evangelical Church of Maraland is a Church in southern Mizoram in Northeast India.	Evangelical Church of Maraland	India
country	In Romania, Nădlac sausage is registered as a traditional product.	Nădlac sausage	Romania
country	Pambak kayaranin kits (Armenian: Փամբակ կայարանին կից) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Pambak kayaranin kits	Armenia
country	Port Laoise or Portlaoise (Irish (pˠɔɾˠt̪ˠˈl̪ˠiːʃə), anglicised /pɔərtˈliːʃ/) is the county town of County Laois in the Midlands region of Ireland.	Port Laoise	Ireland
country	Třebechovice pod Orebem (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtr̝̊ɛbɛxovɪtsɛ ˈpodorɛbɛm)) is a small town in the Czech Republic.	Třebechovice pod Orebem	Czech Republic
country	Subsequently the Boers began settling in the valleys of the Magaliesberg Range and in the bushveld north of the Magaliesberg, and turned the region into some of the most productive farmland in South Africa, while displacing their former allies, confining them to locations and reserves.	Magaliesberg	South Africa
country	Enonselkä Basin is a lake basin of Lake Vesijärvi in Lahti in southern Finland.	Enonselkä Basin	Finland
country	Medinge is a rural area about two and a half hours' drive west of Stockholm, Sweden, in Arboga Municipality.	Medinge	Sweden
country	Shindand (Pashto: شين ډنډ‎) is a town and the center of the Shindand District, Herat Province, Afghanistan.	Shindand	Afghanistan
country	Nahr-e Badam (Persian: نهربادام‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Bādām) is a village in Rabor Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Badam	Iran
country	The Southern Alberta Art Gallery is located in downtown Lethbridge, Alberta and is known as one of Canada's leading contemporary art galleries.	Southern Alberta Art Gallery	Canada
country	Chief Military Prosecutor Office (Polish: Naczelna Prokuratura Wojskowa) is the highest organizational unit in Poland's military's attorney's office.	Chief Military Prosecutor Office	Poland
country	Tir Kaman (Persian: تيركمان‎, also Romanized as Tīr Kamān and Tīr-e Kamān) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tir Kaman	Iran
country	The Greater Bolsón de Mapimí covers adjacent areas extending north to the Rio Grande, which are similar in terrain and climate but includes streams which have outlets to the Gulf of Mexico.	Bolsón de Mapimí	Mexico
country	Kleinwalsertal (little Walser valley) is a part of Austria, but only accessible from Germany to the north, and thus is an Austrian ``practical exclave'' or ``pene-exclave''.	Kleinwalsertal	Austria
country	Trakai Kenesa is the kenesa (synagogue) of the Karaite community in Trakai, Lithuania, and a rare example of a surviving wooden synagogue with an interior dome.	Trakai Kenesa	Lithuania
country	The Weyerberg is a sandy geest island, 54.4 metres (178 ft) high, in the Teufelsmoor (``Devil's Bog'') in Northern Germany.	Weyerberg	Germany
country	Lafajetowo (lafajɛˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lafajetowo	Poland
country	The National University of Northwestern Buenos Aires (Universidad Nacional del Noroeste de la Provincia de Buenos Aires or UNNOBA hereafter) is a national university with head office and campus in Junín, Argentina.	National University of Northwestern Buenos Aires	Argentina
country	La Quiaca is a small city in the north of the province of Jujuy, Argentina, on the southern bank of the La Quiaca River, opposite the town of Villazón, Bolivia.	La Quiaca	Argentina
country	The Shire of Bright was a local government area about 280 kilometres (174 mi) east-northeast of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Bright	Australia
country	Marselisborg is a small borough of Aarhus, Denmark.	Marselisborg	Denmark
country	Zanesovići (Serbian: Занесовићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zanesovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	San Geremia is a church in Venice, northern Italy, located in the sestiere of Cannaregio.	San Geremia	Italy
country	Mayabeque River (alternately Rio Mayabeque) is a river of western Cuba, considered the largest in the southwestern watershed of Cuba, with an extensive fluvial network that encompasses the municipalities of Güines, San Jose de las Lajas, Jaruco, Madruga, and Melena del Sur.	Mayabeque River	Cuba
country	The Seaward River is a river in New Zealand's South Island.	Seaward River	New Zealand
country	Kirishi (Russian: Ки́риши) is a town and the administrative center of Kirishsky District in Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Volkhov River, 115 kilometers (71 mi) southeast of St. Petersburg.	Kirishi	Russia
country	Mazraeh-ye Amrollah Panahpur (Persian: مزرعه امراله پناهپور‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Amrollah Panāhpūr) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 7 families.	Mazraeh-ye Amrollah Panahpur	Iran
country	Brunoy is a commune in the south-eastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Brunoy	France
country	Marki (ˈmarkʲi) is a city in central Poland, just to the north-east of the Polish capital Warsaw.	Marki	Poland
country	Nibbinda Forest Monastery (中文: Nibbinda丛林道场) is a Theravada forest monastery situated at Mukim 5, Balik Pulau, Penang, Malaysia.	Nibbinda Forest Monastery	Malaysia
country	Zalewa is a city in Malawi, specifically in the Southern Region.	Zalewa	Malawi
country	Yerizak (Armenian: Երիզակ; formerly, Ibish), is an abandoned village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Yerizak	Armenia
country	The Gate of Riehen (in German Riehentor) is a former city gate in the ancient city walls of Basel, Switzerland.	Gate of Riehen	Switzerland
country	St. Johann am Walde, also Sankt Johann am Walde is a municipality in the district of Braunau am Inn in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Sankt Johann am Walde	Austria
country	The James the Greater Church (Dutch: Jacobus de Meerderekerk) is a Roman Catholic church, located on the Pastoor Neujeanstraat 6 in Bocholtz, Netherlands.	James the Greater Church	Netherlands
country	Cerro Volcánico (also known as Fonck) is a cinder cone in Argentina, located southeast of the massive stratovolcano of Tronador.	Cerro Volcánico	Argentina
country	Mali Bošnjak (Serbian: Мали Бошњак, meaning ``Little Bosnian'') is a village in Serbia.	Mali Bošnjak	Serbia
country	Bagatayam is a barangay of Sogod, Cebu, in the Philippines.	Bagatayam	Philippines
country	Nowoszów (nɔˈvɔʂuf) (German: Neuhaus) is an abandoned Market town in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowa, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Nowoszów	Poland
country	Shomera (Hebrew: שׁוֹמֵרָה, lit. Guard) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Shomera	Israel
country	Do Farsang (Persian: دوفرسنگ‎) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Do Farsang	Iran
country	Cape Brett Peninsula is a peninsula on the northern North Island coast in New Zealand.	Cape Brett Peninsula	New Zealand
country	Light House Melbourne (also simply referred to as Lighthouse) is a residential skyscraper currently under construction in the Melbourne CBD, Australia.	Light House Melbourne	Australia
country	The Motuti River is a short, wide river in the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Motuti River	New Zealand
country	The Rur river (German; in Dutch and French: Roer river) is a major river which flows through portions of Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands.	Rur	Germany	Netherlands
country	Kavale or Kavalem (Devanagari:कवळे) is a village in Ponda, Goa, India.	Kavale	India
country	Technical University in Zvolen or Technická univerzita vo Zvolene is a public university located in Zvolen, Slovakia.	Technical University in Zvolen	Slovakia
country	Varkala Beach, also known as Papanasam beach is a beach in Varkala, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India, along the Arabian Sea, part of the Indian Ocean.	Varkala Beach	India
country	Moycarkey (Irish: Maigh Coirce), sometimes written Moycarky, is a hamlet at the northern end of Moycarky townland in the civil parish of Moycarky in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Moycarkey	Ireland
country	Ab Maik-e Golzari (Persian: اب مايك گلزاري‎, also Romanized as Āb Mā’īk-e Golzārī; also known as Golzārī) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Maik-e Golzari	Iran
country	Telstra Corporation Limited (known as Telstra) is Australia's largest telecommunications and media company which builds and operates telecommunications networks and markets voice, mobile, internet access, pay television and other entertainment products and services.	Telstra	Australia
country	Casablanca (in Arabic: الدار البيضاء, Addaar Albayḍaa; in Berber: Anfa, ⴰⵏⴼⴰ; local informal name: Kaẓa) is the largest city of Morocco, located in the northwestern part of the country on the Atlantic Ocean.	Casablanca	Morocco
country	Pasvalys ( pronunciation , Polish: Pozwoł) is a city in Panevėžys County, Lithuania, located near the bank of the Svalia River.	Pasvalys	Lithuania
country	Hajij-e Kuchek (Persian: حجيج كوچك‎, also Romanized as Ḩajīj-e Kūchek and Hajīj-e Kūchek) is a village in Sirvan Rural District, Nowsud District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hajij-e Kuchek	Iran
country	Saab Arena, formerly named Cloetta Center between 2004--2014, is an arena in Linköping, Sweden.	Saab Arena	Sweden
country	Marakwet District is a defunct administrative district in the former Rift Valley Province of Kenya.	Marakwet District	Kenya
country	Ab Bid-e Heygun (Persian: اب بيدهيگون‎, also romanized as Āb Bīd-e Heygūn; also known as Āb Bīd) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ab Bid-e Heygun	Iran
country	Nikora is a village in Bharuch district in the state of Gujarat in India.	Nikora	India
country	Madnapur is a town and a gram panchayat in Udham Singh Nagar district in the state of Uttarakhand, India.	Madnapur	India
country	Mati Airport (IATA: MXI, ICAO: RPMQ) (Filipino: Paliparan ng Mati, Cebuano: Tugpahanan sa Mati), formerly Imelda R. Marcos Airport, is an airport that serves the general area of Mati, the capital city of the province of Davao Oriental in the Philippines.	Mati Airport	Philippines
country	Czernikowo (t͡ʂɛrniˈkɔvɔ) (German: Schwarzendorf) is a village in Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czernikowo	Poland
country	Svidník (rarely German: Oberswidnik, Rusyn: Свідник, Ukrainian: Свидник, Hungarian: Felsővízköz, before 1907 Felsöszvidnik) is a town in eastern Slovakia, acting as the capital of Svidník District in Prešov Region.	Svidník	Slovakia
country	The Istrian Democratic Assembly (Croatian: Istarski demokratski sabor, Italian: Dieta democratica istriana) is a regionalist and liberal political party in Croatia operating in the Istria region.	Istrian Democratic Assembly	Croatia
country	Barrobo District is a district of Liberia, one of the two located in Maryland County.	Barrobo District	Liberia
country	The Walls of Arcos de la Frontera (Spanish: Murallas) are walls located in Arcos de la Frontera, Spain.	Walls of Arcos de la Frontera	Spain
country	Gaujiena Palace (Latvian: Gaujienas muižas pils) is a palace in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Gaujiena Palace	Latvia
country	Masaryk University (Czech: Masarykova univerzita; Latin: Universitas Masarykiana Brunensis) is the second largest university in the Czech Republic, a member of the Compostela Group and the Utrecht Network.	Masaryk University	Czech Republic
country	The Golestan Palace (Persian: کاخ گلستان - Kāx e Golestān‎‎), literally the Roseland Palace, is the former royal Qajar complex in Iran's capital city, Tehran.	Golestan Palace	Iran
country	La Codoñera (Spanish pronunciation: (la koðoɲeɾa)) or La Codonyera (Catalan: (ɫə kuðuˈɲeɾə), locally: (la koðoˈɲeɾa)) is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	La Codoñera	Spain
country	The Basilica of Saint-Quentin (French: Basilique de Saint-Quentin), formerly the Collegiate Church of Saint-Quentin (French: Collégiale Saint-Quentin) is a Catholic church in the town of Saint-Quentin, Aisne, France.	Basilica of Saint-Quentin	France
country	Narganá or Yandup in the Kuna language is one of the islands belonging to the Kuna Yala, an autonomous territory or comarca in Panama.	Narganá	Panama
country	Kapelle ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the southwestern Netherlands on Zuid-Beveland.	Kapelle	Netherlands
country	Qorlortorsuaq is the name of a village in the Nanortalik district, in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland, located at the site of the largest waterfall in the country; the waterfall also goes by the name of Qorlortorsuaq.	Qorlortorsuaq	Greenland
country	Towqdar (Persian: طوقدار‎, also Romanized as Ţowqdār and Tūqdār; also known as Ţowq Vār) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Towqdar	Iran
country	Ixtlahuacán de los Membrillos (Spanish pronunciation: (ikstlawaˈkan ðe los memˈbɾiʎos)) is a town and municipality, in Jalisco in central-western Mexico.	Ixtlahuacán de los Membrillos	Mexico
country	Anjozorobe is a large town in Analamanga Region, Madagascar, approximately 90 kilometres north-east of the capital Antananarivo.	Anjozorobe	Madagascar
country	Meyghan (Persian: ميغان‎, also Romanized as Meyghān, Maikhan, Maiqān, Maiqhān, Meyqān, and Mīghān) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Meyghan	Iran
country	The National Institute of Science Education and Research (Hindi: राष्ट्रीय विज्ञान शिक्षा एवं अनुसंधान संस्थान, NISER) is a research institution in Jatani (Khordha) Odisha, India.	National Institute of Science Education and Research	India
country	Qabıllı (also, Qarabullu and Kabullu) is a village and municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Qabıllı	Azerbaijan
country	Oulu Castle (Swedish: Uleåborgs slott, Finnish: Oulun linna) was a late defense castle in Oulu, Finland.	Oulu Castle	Finland
country	Funchal (Portuguese pronunciation: (fũˈʃaɫ)) is the largest city, the municipal seat and the capital of Portugal's Autonomous Region of Madeira.	Funchal	Portugal
country	Medical University of Lublin has its origins in the year 1944 in Lublin, Poland.	Medical University of Lublin	Poland
country	Czumów (ˈt͡ʂumuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Czumów	Poland
country	E.ON UK (formerly Powergen) is an energy company in the United Kingdom and a subsidiary of E.ON, the world's largest investor-owned power and gas company.	E.ON UK	United Kingdom
country	Maychew, also Maichew (Ge'ez: ማይጨው), is a town and woreda in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Maychew	Ethiopia
country	Jalan Yong Shook Lin is a prominent road in Petaling Jaya city, Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Yong Shook Lin	Malaysia
country	Killiney railway station (Irish: Stáisiún Cill Iníon Léinín) serves Killiney in County Dublin, Ireland.	Killiney railway station	Ireland
country	Katherine District Hospital is a district public hospital servicing the Katherine Region in the Northern Territory, Australia.	Katherine District Hospital	Australia
country	Taichung Football Field, as known as Chao-ma Football Field (Chinese: 朝馬足球場), is a football-specific venue located in Taichung City, Taiwan.	Taichung Football Field	Taiwan
country	Tunia Baqa Shah(Urdu: تنیہ بقاشاھ‎), is a village in the Naushahro Feroze District, of Sindh, Pakistan.	Tunia Baqa Shah	Pakistan
country	The Grotte des Demoiselles is a large cave located in the Hérault valley of southern France, near Ganges, about 60 km (37 mi) west of Nîmes.	Grotte des Demoiselles	France
country	The Cape Academy of Mathematics, Science and Technology, often abbreviated to ``Cape Academy'', is a co-educational public boarding school, situated in the Constantia Valley of Cape Town, South Africa.	Cape Academy of Mathematics, Science and Technology	South Africa
country	Gaoqing County (simplified Chinese: 高青县; traditional Chinese: 高青縣; pinyin: Gāoqīng Xiàn) is a county of northern Shandong province, People's Republic of China.	Gaoqing County	People's Republic of China
country	Lake Rotoehu is the smallest in a chain of three lakes to the northeast of Lake Rotorua in New Zealand's North Island.	Lake Rotoehu	New Zealand
country	Röke is a locality situated in Hässleholm Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 219 inhabitants in 2010.	Röke	Sweden
country	Piikkiö (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈpiːkːiø); Swedish: Pikis), is a former municipality of Finland.	Piikkiö	Finland
country	The Abbey of Echternach is a Benedictine monastery in the town of Echternach, in eastern Luxembourg.	Abbey of Echternach	Luxembourg
country	Žakovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Жаково) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žakovo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Manoir de Brion (French pronunciation: ​(ma.nwaʁ də bʁi.jɔ̃)), also known as the Château de Brion, is a former Benedictine priory of the abbey of Mont Saint-Michel, France.	Manoir de Brion	France
country	The Târnava Mică River (``Small Târnava''; Hungarian: Kis-Küküllő; German: Kleine Kokel) is a river in Romania.	Târnava Mică River	Romania
country	Gryta Church (Swedish: Gryta kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church located in a shallow valley about 2 kilometers northeast of Örsundsbro, in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County, Sweden.	Gryta Church	Sweden
country	Preloka (pronounced (ˈpɾeːlɔka)) is a settlement above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Preloka	Slovenia
country	Partido pa Adelanto I Inovashon Soshal (PAIS) is a political party in Curaçao, which entered the Estates of Curaçao in 2012 with 4 seats.	Partido pa Adelanto I Inovashon Soshal	Curaçao
country	Ana Sagar Lake is an artificial lake situated in the city of Ajmer in Rajasthan state in India.	Ana Sagar Lake	India
country	The Osgoode Hall Law Journal (ISSN 0030-6185) is a law review affiliated with Osgoode Hall Law School of York University, Toronto, Canada.	Osgoode Hall Law Journal	Canada
country	Hermanovce (Hungarian: Sztankahermány) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Hermanovce	Slovakia
country	Savyon (Hebrew: סַבְיוֹן, Arabic: سفيون‎) is a local council in the Center District of Israel, bordering the cities of Kiryat Ono, Petah Tikva, and Yehud.	Savyon	Israel
country	Mughni (Armenian: Մուղնի), is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Mughni	Armenia
country	The Kalama Armoured Warfare Training School (KAWATS), is an Armoured Warfare Training School in Uganda, East Africa.	Kalama Armoured Warfare Training School	Uganda
country	Asi Gonia (Greek: Ασή Γωνιά) is a mountain village and a former community in the eastern part of the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Asi Gonia	Greece
country	Mazraeh-ye Babalang (Persian: مزرعه بابالنگ‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bābālang) is a village in Tankaman Rural District, Tankaman District, Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Babalang	Iran
country	Vida AB is the largest privately owned sawmill group of Sweden, with its approximately 1000 employees.	Vida AB	Sweden
country	Kočarija (pronounced (kɔtʃaˈɾiːja)) is a settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci Hills southwest of the town of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Kočarija	Slovenia
country	The Yeruham Dam is a masonry dam on Revivim Stream, a tributary of the HaBesor Stream, in Yeruham, Southern District, Israel.	Yeruham Dam	Israel
country	Rogozen (Bulgarian: Рогозен) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria.	Rogozen	Bulgaria
country	Agraciada is a village located in southwestern Uruguay, on the border of Soriano Department with Colonia Department with parts in both departments.	Agraciada	Uruguay
country	Hufangalupe is a natural land bridge on Tonga's main island of Tongatapu.	Hufangalupe	Tonga
country	Deyli (Persian: ديلي‎, also Romanized as Deylī; also known as Delī) is a village in Padena-ye Vosta Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Deyli	Iran
country	Chalmardi (Persian: چلمردي‎, also Romanized as Chalmardī) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chalmardi	Iran
country	The Linderödsåsen is a ridge, geologically a horst, in the province of Skåne in southernmost Sweden.	Linderödsåsen	Sweden
country	Bradford Industrial Museum, established 1974 in Moorside Mills, Eccleshill, Bradford, United Kingdom, specializes in relics of local industry, especially printing and textile machinery, kept in working condition for regular demonstrations to the public.	Bradford Industrial Museum	United Kingdom
country	Si Wilai (Thai: ศรีวิไล) is subdistrict (tambon) in Si Wilai District, in Bueng Kan Province, northeastern Thailand.	Si Wilai	Thailand
country	The Royal Thai Air Force or RTAF (Thai: กองทัพอากาศไทย, RTGS: Kong Thap Akat Thai) is the air force of the Kingdom of Thailand.	Royal Thai Air Force	Thailand
country	Inagh and Kilnamona is a Catholic parish in County Clare, Ireland, covering the civil parishes of Inagh and Kilnamona to the west of Ennis.	Inagh and Kilnamona	Ireland
country	Stykkishólmur (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈstɪhcɪsˌhoulmʏr̥)) is a town and municipality situated in the western part of Iceland, in the northern part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula.	Stykkishólmur	Iceland
country	Yığılca is a town and a district of Düzce Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Yığılca	Turkey
country	Kammavari Sangha Institute of Technology (commonly referred to as KSIT) is a private engineering college in Bangalore, Karnataka, India.	Kammavari Sangha Institute of Technology	India
country	Zazafotsy (or Zaxafotsy) is a town and commune in Madagascar.	Zazafotsy	Madagascar
country	The Upper Palatine-Upper Main Hills are, according to the Handbook of the Natural Region Divisions of Germany, a natural region major unit group.	Upper Palatine-Upper Main Hills	Germany
country	Kantara Castle is the easternmost of the three castles situated on the Kyrenia Mountain range in the island of Cyprus.	Kantara Castle	Cyprus
country	Parbhani (parbhani, IPA (pərbhNi) ) is a city in Maharashtra state of India.	Parbhani	India
country	The Lower Galilee (Hebrew: הגליל התחתון‎, translit. HaGalil HaTaḥton), is a region within the North District of Israel.	Lower Galilee	Israel
country	Nieczatów (ɲeˈt͡ʂatuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nieczatów	Poland
country	Krems-Langenlois Airport (German: Flugplatz Krems or Flugplatz Krems-Gneixendorf, ICAO: LOAG) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-northeast of Krems, Niederösterreich, Austria.	Krems-Langenlois Airport	Austria
country	Šipek (pronounced (ˈʃiːpək); German: Schipek) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Lahinja River east of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Šipek	Slovenia
country	The Blue Cross Blue Shield Tower (BCBS) is located on the north end of Millennium Park along E. Randolph Street at the NE corner of Randolph and Columbus Drive, in Chicago, Illinois, United States of America.	Blue Cross Blue Shield Tower	United States of America
country	Fraser Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at 63 Church Street in Tatamagouche, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Fraser Octagon House	Canada
country	George R. Stephenson (1916--2003), of McLennan was one of the first facilitators to organise the Northern Woods and Water Route across Western Canada in 1974.	Northern Woods and Water Route	Canada
country	The Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani (Slovene: Občina Dol pri Ljubljani) is a municipality in central Slovenia.	Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani	Slovenia
country	Le Sanctuaire du Mont-Royal (also known as Le Sanctuaire) is a multi-phase condominium, commercial, athletic and medical complex located in the Outremont neighbourhood of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Le Sanctuaire du Mont-Royal	Canada
country	Amanlı (also, Amanly and Amonly) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Amanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Langenberg Wildlife Park (German: Wildpark Langenberg) is a zoo situated in the municipality of Langnau am Albis in the Sihl Valley to the south of the city of Zürich in Switzerland.	Langenberg Wildlife Park	Switzerland
country	Tom Uglys Bridge is composed of two bridges, completed in 1929 and 1987, that cross the Georges River in southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Tom Uglys Bridge	Australia
country	Austertana (Northern Sami: Juovlavuotna) is a village in Deatnu-Tana Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Austertana	Norway
country	The Aoös or Vjosë (Greek: Αώος; Albanian: Vjosë, Vjosa) is a river in northwestern Greece and southwestern Albania.	Aoös	Greece	Albania
country	Suarası (also, Suarasy) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Suarası	Azerbaijan
country	The Vienna School of Osteopathy (WSO) is a private educational institution in Austria specialising in osteopathy.	Vienna School of Osteopathy	Austria
country	Gursken Church (Norwegian: Gursken kyrkje) is a parish church in Sande Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Gursken Church	Norway
country	Prince Faisal bin Fahd Stadium (Arabic:ملعب الأمير فيصل بن فهد) (Former:Malab Reayat Al Shabab in Malaz ملعب رعاية الشباب بالرياض) is a multi-purpose stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.	Prince Faisal bin Fahd Stadium	Saudi Arabia
country	The Orangery Palace (German: Orangerieschloss) is a palace located in the Sanssouci Park of Potsdam, Germany.	Orangery Palace	Germany
country	Tichit (or Tichitt) (Arabic: تيشيت‎) is a partly abandoned village at the foot of the Tagant Plateau in central southern Mauritania that is known for its vernacular architecture.	Tichit	Mauritania
country	Arbizu is a village and municipality in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain, neighbouring Etxarri-Aranatz.	Arbizu	Spain
country	Auckland (/ˈɔːklənd/ AWK-lənd), in the North Island of New Zealand, is the largest and most populous urban area in the country.	Auckland	New Zealand
country	Luborzyca (lubɔˈʐɨt͡sa) is a village in Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Luborzyca	Poland
country	Manciano is a town and comune in the southern part of the province of Grosseto, Tuscany, central Italy.	Manciano	Italy
country	Nechanice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnɛxaɲɪtsɛ); German: Nechanitz) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Nechanice	Czech Republic
country	The Battle of the Herrings was a military action near the town of Rouvray in France, just north of Orléans, which took place on 12 February 1429 during the siege of Orléans.	Battle of the Herrings	France
country	Temsamane (Amazigh: Temsaman, ⵜⴻⵎⵙⴰⵎⴰⵏ, Arabic: تمسمان) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Temsamane	Morocco
country	Tappeh Kabud-e Sofla (Persian: تپه كبودسفلي‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Kabūd-e Soflá; also known as Tappeh Kabūd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh Kabud-e Sofla	Iran
country	Boladı (also, Boladi, Balady, Boiady, Bolady, and Volady) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Boladı	Azerbaijan
country	The Korea Vision Party (Korean: 국민생각, Gungmin Saenggak, ``National Thought''), more commonly known as the K Party, is a center-rightist political party in South Korea.	K Party	South Korea
country	Habibganj is a suburb in Bhopal, India, in the BHEL township in the city of Bhopal.	Habibganj	India
country	The Cochrane Crunch are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based out of Cochrane, Ontario, Canada.	Cochrane Crunch	Canada
country	Ship Stern Bluff (also known as Devil's Point or simply Shippies) is a globally-renowned surfing location on the south eastern coast of Tasmania, Australia, on the Tasman Peninsula.	Ship Stern Bluff	Australia
country	Pop Magazine is a quarterly, free press, action sports magazine available in Australia.	Pop Magazine	Australia
country	The Parcours botanique au fil de l'Indre is an arboretum and botanical garden located in Montbazon, Indre-et-Loire, Centre, France.	Parcours botanique au fil de l'Indre	France
country	The Katzsohlteich is an artificially impounded reservoir that lies southwest of the town of Güntersberge in the Harz Mountains of central Germany and is used as a preflooder (Vorfluter) and fishpond.	Katzsohlteich	Germany
country	Nagampeta is a village in the Jammikunta mandal, Karimnagar district, Telangana, India.	Nagampeta	India
country	Kawthaung (Burmese: ကော့သောင်းမြို့; MLCTS: kau. saung: mrui., IPA: (kɔ̰θáʊɴ mjo̰); Thai: เกาะสอง; rtgs: Ko Song, pronounced (kɔ̀ʔ sɔ̌ːŋ); Malay: Pulodua, ڤولودوا) is in the southernmost part of Myanmar, located in Tanintharyi Region.	Kawthaung	Myanmar
country	The Maiztegui National Human Viral Disease Institute (INEVH) is a viral research laboratory in Pergamino, Argentina.	Maiztegui National Human Viral Disease Institute	Argentina
country	Svartisen is a collective term for two glaciers located in northern Norway.	Svartisen	Norway
country	Pello (formerly Turtola) is a municipality of Finland.	Pello	Finland
country	Apart from forest cover and mining belt, Noamundi has a diversified population, inside the TATA STEEL township people for various regions of India can be found, apart from that being the border of orissa and jharkhand, two most resourceful states of India cultural flavor of both the states can be seen here.	Noamundi	India
country	The Queensland Ranger Association represents and promotes the interests of Park Rangers in the state of Queensland, Australia.	Queensland Ranger Association	Australia
country	The Prahran Telegraph was a weekly newspaper published from 1860 to 1930 in Prahran, an inner-suburb of the city of Melbourne, Australia.	Prahran Telegraph	Australia
country	The Tasman Sea (Māori: Te Tai-o-Rehua) is a marginal sea of the South Pacific Ocean, situated between Australia and New Zealand.	Tasman Sea	Australia
country	Saba Tower 4 is a proposed mixed use tower to be built in Jumeirah Lake Towers, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, when completed it will have 994 car parking space, retail, coffee areas, and a 28 metre tall roof feature covering an area of 60,921 m2.	Saba Tower 4	United Arab Emirates
country	Seh Panjeh (Persian: سه پنجه‎; also known as Sipanja) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Seh Panjeh	Iran
country	The National Federation of Cypriots in the United Kingdom is a London-based umbrella organisation and the national representative body and the acknowledged voice of the largest and most significant community of Cypriots outside of the island itself.	National Federation of Cypriots	United Kingdom
country	Ngatimoti is a town near Motueka in New Zealand's South Island.	Ngatimoti	New Zealand
country	With services serving Denmark, Germany, Ireland, Latvia, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden and the United Kingdom, Stena Line is a major unit of Stena AB, itself a part of the Stena Sphere.	Stena Line	Sweden
country	Urbino Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Urbino, Cattedrale Metropolitana di Santa Maria Assunta) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Urbino, Italy, dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary.	Urbino Cathedral	Italy
country	The Barendrecht train accident involved the collision between two freight trains on 24 September 2009 near Barendrecht, Netherlands.	Barendrecht train accident	Netherlands
country	Nakasero Hospital Limited (NHL), commonly referred to as Nakasero Hospital, is a private, for profit hospital in Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country.	Nakasero Hospital	Uganda
country	Milan Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Milano (ˈdwɔːmo di miˈlaːno); Lombard: Domm de Milan) is the cathedral church of Milan, Italy.	Milan Cathedral	Italy
country	Donderskamp Airstrip (IATA: SMDK) is an airstrip near Donderskamp, Suriname.	Donderskamp Airstrip	Suriname
country	Lefktro (Greek: Λεύκτρο) is a village and a former municipality in Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Lefktro	Greece
country	Port Waikato is on the south bank of the Waikato River at its outflow into the Tasman Sea, in northern New Zealand.	Port Waikato	New Zealand
country	Nannhausen Airfield (or Flugplatz Nannhausen in German) is a small airstrip in Nannhausen, Germany.	Nannhausen Airfield	Germany
country	Riomaggiore (Rimazùu in the local Ligurian language) is a village and comune in the province of La Spezia, situated in a small valley in the Liguria region of Italy.	Riomaggiore	Italy
country	Kashkjan (Persian: كشك جان‎, also Romanized as Kashkjān) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kashkjan	Iran
country	Patterson Road is a major road between Kwinana and Rockingham and is part of Australia's National Route 1 for part of its length.	Patterson Road	Australia
country	Çənlibel (also, Chardakhlu, or Khachisar) formerly Armenian village, that is now municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çənlibel	Azerbaijan
country	Huangpi District (simplified Chinese: 黄陂区; traditional Chinese: 黃陂區; pinyin: Huángpí qū) is one of 13 districts of Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, situated on the northern (left) bank of the Yangtze River.	Huangpi District	People's Republic of China
country	Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت آباد‎, also Romanized as Noşratābād) is a city in the capital of Nosratabad District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nosratabad	Iran
country	Lublin County (Polish: powiat lubelski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland.	Lublin County	Poland
country	Port Alberni is a city located on Vancouver Island in the province of British Columbia, Canada.	Port Alberni	Canada
country	Vinh ( listen) is the biggest city and economic and cultural center of the North Central Coast of Vietnam.	Vinh	Vietnam
country	Lankower See (Schwerin) is a lake in West Mecklenburg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Lankower See (Schwerin)	Germany
country	The Universal Hospital Tirana is a 120-bed hospital on Kavajë Street in western Tirana, Albania, offering medical services.	Universal Hospital Tirana	Albania
country	Sēme parish (Latvian: Sēmes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Tukums Municipality, Latvia.	Sēme parish	Latvia
country	The Times Colonist is an English-language daily newspaper in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Times Colonist	Canada
country	Hercegovačka Goleša is village in municipality of Priboj, in south-west Serbia.	Hercegovačka Goleša	Serbia
country	Santa Rosa do Purus is one of the remotest communities in Brazil.	Santa Rosa do Purus	Brazil
country	Acclaim Studios Teesside was a British video game developer based in Teesside, England, United Kingdom.	Acclaim Studios Teesside	United Kingdom
country	Cheleh Gah-e Zarchas (Persian: چله گه زرچاس‎, also Romanized as Cheleh Gah-e Zarchās; also known as Chah-e Gah) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cheleh Gah-e Zarchas	Iran
country	The Map Ta Phut Industrial Estate is a large industrial park in the town of Map Ta Phut in Rayong Province, Thailand.	Map Ta Phut Industrial Estate	Thailand
country	The Bodrog is a river in eastern Slovakia and north-eastern Hungary.	Bodrog	Slovakia	Hungary
country	Gasil (Persian: گسيل‎, also Romanized as Gasīl and Kasīl) is a village in Nesa Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Gasil	Iran
country	The 1931 Oaxaca earthquake affected portions of southern Mexico on January 15, at 01:50 UTC.	1931 Oaxaca earthquake	Mexico
country	King Air Charter is a charter airline, based in Lanseria, South Africa.	King Air Charter	South Africa
country	Yawarmayu (Quechua yawar blood, mayu river, ``blood river'', hispanicized spelling Yahuarmayo) is a river in Peru located in the Puno Region, Carabaya Province, Ayapata District.	Yawarmayu	Peru
country	Iki-Burulsky District (Russian: И́ки-Буру́льский райо́н; Kalmyk: Ик Бурла район, Ik Burla rajon) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the thirteen in the Republic of Kalmykia, Russia.	Iki-Burulsky District	Russia
country	Kolonia Dębniak (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈdɛmbɲak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Dębniak	Poland
country	Sheykhdarabad (Persian: شيخدراباد‎, also Romanized as Sheykhdarābād and Sheikhdarābād) is a village in Sheykhdarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sheykhdarabad	Iran
country	Deliceto is a small town and comune (population 4,117 in 2001) in the province of Foggia, from which it is 40.3 kilometres (25.0 mi) in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.	Deliceto	Italy
country	The Sanctuary of the Three Gauls (Tres Galliae) was the focal structure within an administrative and religious complex established by Rome in the very late 1st century BC at Lugdunum (the site of modern Lyon in France).	Sanctuary of the Three Gauls	France
country	The Claremont Institution for the Deaf and Dumb at Glasnevin, Dublin, was the first school for the deaf and dumb in Ireland.	Claremont Institution	Ireland
country	Seraliveh (Persian: سراليوه‎, also Romanized as Serālīveh; also known as Sīr``ālīvar and Sīrālīveh) is a village in Lavandevil Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 484, in 115 families.	Seraliveh	Iran
country	Roy Hill is an iron ore mining project in the Chichester Range in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, located 115 kilometres (71 mi) north of Newman and 277 kilometres (172 mi) south of Port Hedland.	Roy Hill	Australia
country	Collège Jean de la Mennais is a French, private mixed secondary school on the South Shore of Montreal, Québec, Canada at 870 Chemin de Saint-Jean in the municipality of La Prairie.	Collège Jean de la Mennais	Canada
country	Daily operation of Barrie Transit and Barrie Accessible Community Transportation Service (BACTS) is provided under contract by First Canada.	Barrie Transit	Canada
country	Pertosa is a village and comune of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-west Italy.	Pertosa	Italy
country	German submarine U-600 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was laid down on 25 January 1941 by Blohm & Voss in Hamburg as yard number 576, launched on 16 October 1941 and commissioned on 11 December 1941 under Kapitänleutnant Bernhard Zurmühlen.	German submarine U-600	Germany
country	Mount Ayalu (also spelled Ayelu) is an isolated, rhyolitic stratovolcano in eastern Ethiopia.	Mount Ayalu	Ethiopia
country	Vismeh (Persian: ويسمه‎, also Romanized as Vīsmeh) is a village in Davudabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Vismeh	Iran
country	Prillimäe is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Kohila Parish, Rapla County, northern Estonia.	Prillimäe	Estonia
country	Padanilam Parabrahma Temple (പടനിലം പരബ്രഹ്മ ക്ഷേത്രം ) is situated at Padanilam, Alappuzha district of Kerala, India.	Padanilam Parabrahma Temple	India
country	Mollah Barfi (Persian: مله برفي‎, also Romanized as Mollah Barfī; also known as Mollā Barfī) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mollah Barfi	Iran
country	Iles Purpuraires are a set of small islands off the western coast of Morocco at the bay located at Essaouira.	Iles Purpuraires	Morocco
country	The Green Giant mine is one of the largest vanadium mines in Madagascar.	Green Giant mine	Madagascar
country	Dinbaghan (Persian: دين باغان‎, also Romanized as Dīnbāghān; also known as Deym-e Bāghān) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dinbaghan	Iran
country	RAFO Masirah (IATA: MSH, ICAO: OOMA) is a military airport located on the island of Masirah in Oman.	RAFO Masirah	Oman
country	Ulriksbanen is a passenger aerial tramway in Bergen, Norway.	Ulriksbanen	Norway
country	Guruwar Peth, Solapur is an area located in western Solapur City, in Maharashtra State of the Republic of India.	Guruwar Peth	India
country	Korzenna (kɔˈʐɛnːa) is a village in southern Poland situated in Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 (it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998).	Korzenna	Poland
country	Zairabul (Persian: زايرابول‎, also Romanized as Zāīrābūl) is a village in Kabgan Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Zairabul	Iran
country	Český les Protected Landscape Area (Czech: Chráněná krajinná oblast Český les, usually abbreviated as CHKO Český les, the name can be translated as Bohemian Forest) is a Protected Landscape Area in the Czech Republic.	Český les Protected Landscape Area	Czech Republic
country	Nadarzyn (naˈdaʐɨn) is a village in Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nadarzyn	Poland
country	Tappeh-ye Dibi (Persian: تپه ديبي‎, also Romanized as Tappeh-ye Dībī, Tapeh Dibi, Tappah Dībī, Tappehdībī, and Tappeh Dībī; also known as Tepe Dapi) is a village in Boghrati Rural District, Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tappeh-ye Dibi	Iran
country	Ras al-Ayn Qibli (Arabic: رأس العين قبلي‎) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, northeast of Aleppo and south of district center Ayn al-Arab.	Ras al-Ayn Qibli	Syria
country	Tupižnica (Serbian Cyrillic: Тупижница, pronounced (tǔpiʒnitsa)) is a mountain in eastern Serbia, between towns of Boljevac, Zaječar and Knjaževac.	Tupižnica	Serbia
country	Bjelovac (Cyrillic: Бјеловац) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bjelovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bhangarh (Hindi: भानगढ़) is a village in India that is famous for its historical ruins.	Bhangarh	India
country	Dejlovce (Macedonian: Дејловце) is a settlement in northeastern Republic of Macedonia, in the municipality of Staro Nagoričane.	Dejlovce	Macedonia
country	Żórawki (ʐuˈrafki) (formerly German Kronstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Żórawki	Poland
country	Martanesh is a former commune in the Dibër County, eastern Albania.	Martanesh	Albania
country	Codlea (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkodle̯a); German: Zeiden; Transylvanian Saxon dialect: Zäöeden; Hungarian: Feketehalom) is a city in Brașov County, central Romania.	Codlea	Romania
country	Pellinki (Pellinge in Swedish) is an island community in Finland made up of several small islands, the main ones linked by bridges.	Pellinki	Finland
country	There are over 400 ``Mitre 10'' and its associated ``True Value Hardware'' franchises throughout Australia.	Mitre 10	Australia
country	Martirano is a village and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.	Martirano	Italy
country	Trendalyzer is an information visualization software for animation of statistics that was initially developed by Hans Rosling's Gapminder Foundation in Sweden.	Trendalyzer	Sweden
country	The Peel Watershed drains 14% of the Yukon Territory Canada and flows into the Beaufort Sea via the Peel and then Mackenzie Rivers.	Peel Watershed	Canada
country	Bachotek (baˈxɔtɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bachotek	Poland
country	Flemish Baroque painting refers to the art produced in the Southern Netherlands during Spanish control in the 16th and 17th centuries.	Flemish Baroque painting	Southern Netherlands
country	Nullarbor Wilderness Protection Area is a protected area located about 270 kilometres (170 mi) west of Ceduna in South Australia.	Nullarbor Wilderness Protection Area	Australia
country	Reventador is an active stratovolcano which lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador.	Reventador	Ecuador
country	Manda Airport, also called Lamu Airport, is an airport in Kenya.	Manda Airport	Kenya
country	Menengai Crater is a massive shield volcano with one of the biggest calderas in the world, located in the Great Rift Valley, Kenya.	Menengai	Kenya
country	Nereta is a village and centre of the Nereta municipality, Latvia.	Nereta	Latvia
country	The Royal Fleet Auxiliary (RFA) is a civilian-manned fleet owned by the United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence, whose purpose is to support the Royal Navy.	Royal Fleet Auxiliary	United Kingdom
country	Anuradhapura (Sinhalese: අනුරාධපුරය ; Tamil: அனுராதபுரம்) is a major city in Sri Lanka.	Anuradhapura	Sri Lanka
country	Radhanagore (also spelt Radhanagar) is a village under Khanakul block in Arambagh subdivision of Hooghly District of West Bengal, India.	Radhanagore	India
country	Jalan Paloh (Johor state route 16) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia.	Jalan Paloh	Malaysia
country	Calbuco Island (also Caicaén Island) is an island in the commune of Calbuco, Llanquihue Province, Los Lagos Region, Chile.	Calbuco Island	Chile
country	Talavera de la Reina pottery is a craft made in Talavera de la Reina, Toledo (Spain).	Talavera de la Reina pottery	Spain
country	Gävle Castle is a palace in Gävle, Sweden, rebuilt several times since its foundation in 1583.	Gävle Castle	Sweden
country	Chuqichampi (Aymara chuqi gold, champi mushroom, Quechua chuqi precious metal, champi bronze, chuqichampi the name of a flower, also spelled Choquechambi) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Chuqichampi	Peru
country	Bijoux Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the Pine Pass on BC Highway 97, on the southern approach to the summit from the town of Mackenzie.	Bijoux Falls Provincial Park	Canada
country	Železný Brod (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʒɛlɛzniː ˈbrot); German: Eisenbrod) is a town in Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Železný Brod	Czech Republic
country	Albatross Grammar School is a coeducational, private hi-secondary school located in Sakhi Hassan, North Nazimabad Town, Karachi, Pakistan.	Albatross Grammar School	Pakistan
country	Rathmines has thriving commercial and civil activity and is well-known across Ireland as part of a traditionally known ``flatland'' - providing rented accommodation to newly arrived junior civil servants and third level students coming from outside the city since the 1930s.	Rathmines	Ireland
country	Trøym is a village and the site of the administrative center of Hemsedal municipality in Buskerud county, Norway.	Trøym	Norway
country	Luzaide (Spanish: Valcarlos; official name Luzaide/Valcarlos) is a Basque town in Navarre, northern Spain, located just a few kilometers from the French border and the village of Arnéguy.	Luzaide/Valcarlos	Spain
country	Puthanathani (Malayalam: പുത്തനത്താണി) is a city in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala, India.	Puthanathani	India
country	The George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies is a United States Department of Defense and Federal Ministry of Defence (Germany) security and defense studies institute.	George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies	Germany
country	Killeedy (Cill Íde) is a civil parish located south of Newcastle West in Co. Limerick in Ireland.	Killeedy	Ireland
country	The Mahaicony River is a small river in northern Guyana that drains into the Atlantic Ocean.	Mahaicony River	Guyana
country	Absharan-e Olya (Persian: ابشاران عليا‎, also Romanized as Ābshārān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Naghan District, Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 249, in 53 families.	Absharan-e Olya	Iran
country	Priego de Córdoba is a town and municipality of Andalucia Spain in the extreme southeastern portion of the province of Córdoba, near the headwater of the Guadajoz River, and on the northern slope of the Sierra de Priego.	Priego de Córdoba	Spain
country	Sareban Qoli (Persian: ساربانقلي‎, also Romanized as Sārebān Qolī and Sārebānqolī; also known as Sarvān Qolī, Sorsan Kuli, and Sorvankuli) is a village in Sis Rural District, in the Central District of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sareban Qoli	Iran
country	The Masjed Soleyman Dam (also known as Karun-2 Dam) previously named ``Godar-e Landar'' is a dam in Iran on the Karun river.	Masjed Soleyman Dam	Iran
country	Yuncler is a town and municipality in the Sagra shire, province of Toledo, Spain, 42 km to the south from the national capital, Madrid.	Yuncler	Spain
country	Swartbooisdrift is a small settlement in Kunene Region in the north of Namibia.	Swartbooisdrift	Namibia
country	The Royal Monastery of Santa Isabel (Spanish: Real Monasterio de Santa Isabel) is a monastery located in Madrid, Spain.	Royal Monastery of Santa Isabel	Spain
country	FKAB, Fartygskonstruktioner AB, is Sweden's largest consulting firm specializing in ship design and ship construction.	FKAB	Sweden
country	Ghatshila (also spelt as Ghatsila) (Hindi: घाटिशला) is a census town in Purbi Singhbhum district in the state of Jharkhand, India.	Ghatshila	India
country	Aixàs (Catalan pronunciation: (əˈʃas), locally: (ajˈʃas)) is a village in south-west Andorra.	Aixàs	Andorra
country	The river Isole flows through the department of Finistère in the region of Brittany in France.	Isole	France
country	Budna Vas (pronounced (ˈbuːdna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Budna vas) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Budna Vas	Slovenia
country	The DDR-Oberliga (English:East German Premier League or GDR-Premier League) was the top level football league in East Germany.	DDR-Oberliga	East Germany
country	F. D. Roosevelt Airport (IATA: EUX, ICAO: TNCE) is the airport located on the island of Sint Eustatius, Caribbean Netherlands.	F. D. Roosevelt Airport	Netherlands
country	Uherský Brod (Czech pronunciation: (ˈuɦɛrskiː ˈbrot); German: Ungarisch Brod, literally Hungarian Ford) is a town of 17,000 in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.	Uherský Brod	Czech Republic
country	The Piazza de' Rucellai is a piazza in Florence, Italy, home to the Palazzo Rucellai and its loggia, both designed by Leon Battista Alberti.	Piazza de' Rucellai	Italy
country	Udupi Anantheshwara Temple is a historic Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva in Udupi, India.	Udupi Anantheshwara Temple	India
country	Yayshahr (Persian: ياي شهر ‎, also Romanized as Yāyshahr; also known as Yarīshahr and Yāyshahrī) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yayshahr	Iran
country	Mohammadpur Government High School (MGHS) (Bengali: মোহাম্মদপুর সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a public school located at Humayun Road in Mohammadpur Thana, Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Mohammadpur Government High School	Bangladesh
country	The 1997 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final was a football match contested between Barcelona of Spain and the cup holders Paris Saint-Germain of France, to determine the winner of the 1996--97 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and the 37th overall Cup Winners' Cup final.	1997 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final	France
country	Portela das Cabras, also known as ``Portela de Penela'', is a former civil parish in the municipality of Vila Verde, Portugal.	Portela das Cabras	Portugal
country	Driny is a limestone cave in West Slovakia in the Little Carpathians Mountains.	Driny	Slovakia
country	Leysin is a municipality of the canton of Vaud in the Aigle district of Switzerland.	Leysin	Switzerland
country	Archlebov (German: Archlebau) is a village in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Archlebov	Czech Republic
country	Hołody (xɔˈwɔdɨ) (Ukrainian: Голоди, Holody) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Hołody	Poland
country	British Airways, often shortened to BA, is the flag carrier airline of the United Kingdom and the largest airline in the United Kingdom based on fleet size.	British Airways	United Kingdom
country	Siah Bid-e Sofla (Persian: سياه بيدسفلي‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Bīd-e Soflá; also known as Sīāh Bīd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Siah Bid-e Sofla	Iran
country	Keyqobad (Persian: كيقباد‎, also Romanized as Keyqobād) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Keyqobad	Iran
country	FC Borysfen Boryspil is a formerly professional Ukrainian football club from Boryspil, Ukraine.	FC Borysfen Boryspil	Ukraine
country	Sintra Air Base (Portuguese: Base Aérea de Sintra) (ICAO: LPST), officially designated as Air Base No. 1 (Portuguese: Base Aérea Nº 1, BA1), is a Portuguese Air Force base located in the Sintra Municipality, Portugal.	Sintra Air Base	Portugal
country	Berwaldhallen (Berwald Hall) is a concert hall situated in a park landscape at Dag Hammarskjöldsväg 3 in the Östermalm district of Stockholm, Sweden.	Berwaldhallen	Sweden
country	Gryllos (Greek: Γρύλλος, before 1927: Μουνδράζα - Moundraza) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Skillounta, Elis, Greece.	Gryllos	Greece
country	Chranoi (Greek: Χράνοι - pronounced Chranee) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli, southwest Arcadia, Greece.	Chranoi	Greece
country	Ünəş is a village in the municipality of Əsədəbad in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ünəş	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Born as William Trevor Cox in Mitchelstown, County Cork, Ireland, to a middle-class Protestant family, he moved several times to other provincial towns, including Skibbereen, Tipperary, Youghal and Enniscorthy, as a result of his father's work as a bank official.	William Trevor	Ireland
country of citizenship	Kristján Guðmundsson (b. 1941, Snæfellsnes, Iceland) is a contemporary Icelandic conceptual artist.	Kristján Guðmundsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Alexander Pulalo (born May 8, 1973 in Jayapura, Papua, Indonesia) is an Indonesian professional footballer currently playing for Arema Malang.	Alexander Pulalo	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Heitmeyer (born 28 June 1945, Nettelstedt, Germany) is Professor of Education specializing in socialisation.	Wilhelm Heitmeyer	Germany
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Betori (born 25 February 1947 in Foligno, Italy) is an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Giuseppe Betori	Italy
country of citizenship	R. C. Bhargava (born 30 July 1934) is the former C.E.O and current chairman of Maruti Suzuki, one of the largest automobile manufacturers in India.	R. C. Bhargava	India
country of citizenship	Amir Chand Bombwal (8 August 1893 - 10 February 1972) was a journalist, a freedom fighter in the Indian independence movement, a Khudai Khidmatgar and a political leader of the Indian National Congress Party from Peshawar, North-West Frontier Province (NWFP) of British India.	Amir Chand Bombwal	India
country of citizenship	Pierre Rigal (born 1973) is a French dancer and choreographer based in Toulouse, France.	Pierre Rigal	France
country of citizenship	Mykhailo Hrechukha was born in a village of Moshny that today is located in Cherkasy Raion, central Ukraine.	Mykhailo Hrechukha	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Tiaki Omana (18 December 1891 -- 24 June 1970), also known by the English name Jack Ormond, was a New Zealand rugby union player and politician.	Tiaki Omana	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Frode Jacobsen (born 11 June 1974) is a musician, bass guitarist, songwriter and record producer from Stokmarknes in Norway.	Frode Jacobsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Jorge D'Elía (born April 28, 1938 in La Plata, Argentina) is a film and television actor.	Jorge D'Elía	Argentina
country of citizenship	Michitsuna no Haha (c.935-995) was a Heian period writer in Japan.	Michitsuna no Haha	Japan
country of citizenship	José Lorenzo Cossío y Cosío (born Mexico City, 12 May 1902 - died 1975) was a Mexican judge, philatelist and philatelic writer whose collection of philatelic literature is now in the Museum of Philately of Oaxaca.	José Lorenzo Cossío y Cosío	Mexico
country of citizenship	Heinz-Ulrich Walther (born March 11, 1943) is a German former pair skater who represented East Germany and the Unified Team of Germany in competition.	Heinz-Ulrich Walther	East Germany	Germany
country of citizenship	Ali Rıza Sergen Yalçın (born October 5, 1972 in Istanbul) is a former Turkish footballer and is recognised as one of the greatest footballers to play for Turkey.	Sergen Yalçın	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jori Smith, CM (1907--2005) was a key figure in the 1930s in initiating Canada's modernist art movement.	Jori Smith	Canada
country of citizenship	Eduard Hackel (born March 17, 1850 in Haida, Bohemia -- died February 2, 1926, in Attersee, Upper Austria) was an Austrian botanist.	Eduard Hackel	Austria
country of citizenship	Mireya Baltra Moreno (born Santiago de Chile, February 25, 1932) is a Chilean sociologist, journalist and politician, a member of the Communist Party of Chile.	Mireya Baltra	Chile
country of citizenship	Liam Brady (born 13 February 1956) is an Irish former football player, and former assistant manager of the Republic of Ireland national football team.	Liam Brady	Ireland
country of citizenship	Peter Nicholl, QSO (born 1944) is a New Zealand economist.	Peter Nicholl	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maulvi Dr. Abdul Wahab Adam (8 December 1938 -- 22 June 2014) was an Islamic scholar, Ameer (head) and Missionary-in-Charge of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community of Ghana.	Abdul Wahab Adam	Ghana
country of citizenship	Gilles Guyot (born 29 August 1946) is a management professor at the Jean Moulin University Lyon 3 in Lyon, France.	Gilles Guyot	France
country of citizenship	Professor Algirdas Budrys (born March 3, 1939 in Vertimai) has, for several decades, been one of the most outstanding instrumentalists in Lithuania and is currently Head of the Wind department of the Lithuanian Music Academy.	Algirdas Budrys	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Omar Khyam is a citizen of the United Kingdom, who led a terrorist plot.	Omar Khyam	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Arjen de Wolff (born 1969 in the Netherlands) is the executive director of Radio Zamaneh in Amsterdam.	Arjen de Wolff	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Yashoda Wimaladharma was born on 28 October 1970 in Sri Lanka to R. L. Wimaladharma, a Hindi language teacher at University of Kelaniya and Mallika Wimaladharma, a former dancer and school teacher.	Yashoda Wimaladharma	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Alberto de la Campa y Roff (28 October 1918 in Calabazar, Cuba -- May 1964 in Washington, DC) was a Cuban diplomat.	Alberto de la Campa y Roff	Cuba
country of citizenship	Corneliu Ciontu (born 15 November 1941) is a Romanian politician, and currently General Secretary of the Great Romania Party.	Corneliu Ciontu	Romania
country of citizenship	Kristleifur Björnsson is an Icelandic visual artist born in Reykjavík, Iceland in 1973.	Kristleifur Björnsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Siramana Dembélé (born 27 January 1977 in Paris, France), is a French football coach, currently working as an assistant coach for S.C. Braga.	Siramana Dembélé	France
country of citizenship	Iurie Ciocan (born May 19, 1971, Chişinău) is a politician and professor from the Republic of Moldova.	Iurie Ciocan	Moldova
country of citizenship	Carlos Francisco Jovel Navas (Born January 6, 1982 in Usulután, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran professional football player who currently plays for Luis Ángel Firpo in the Salvadoran Premier Division.	Carlos Francisco Jovel Navas	El Salvador
country of citizenship	William Shilling (1848--1939) was a notable New Zealand mariner and pilot.	William Shilling	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hideo Hatoyama (1884 -- 1946) was a Japanese jurist whose writings about civil law were influential in pre-World War II Japan.	Hideo Hatoyama	Japan
country of citizenship	Christophe Naudin, born in Libourne France in 1962, is a French writer.	Christophe Naudin	France
country of citizenship	Paul Piché (born September 5, 1953 in Montreal, Quebec) is a singer-songwriter, environmentalist, political activist and Quebec sovereigntist.	Paul Piché	Quebec
country of citizenship	This CD included artists from all over Canada that have at one point toured Canada with Dan-e-o including Rascalz, Kardinal Offishall and Choclair.	Dan-e-o	Canada
country of citizenship	Edith Mary Statham (1853--1951) was a notable New Zealand singer, nurse, secretary, war graves conservator and community worker.	Edith Mary Statham	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eliseo Valdés Erutes (born June 14, 1956 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban artist specializing in sculpture, painting, and drawing.	Eliseo Valdés Erutes	Cuba
country of citizenship	Mohammad Nasuha (born in Serang, 15 September 1984) is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Cilegon United and the Indonesia national football team.	Mohammad Nasuha	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Lee Chung Man (Chinese: 李忠民; Jyutping: lei5 zung1 man4; born 20 November 1967) is a Hong Kong fencer.	Lee Chung Man	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Born in Tuttlingen, Germany, Marlis Petersen won six important piano competitions before eventually going to the Stuttgart Conservatory where she studied music education, flute and dance as well as voice.	Marlis Petersen	Germany
country of citizenship	Ojugbelu Arere (1070--1105AD) was the first Olowo of Owo, a city in Ondo State, southwestern Nigeria.	Ojugbelu Arere	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Róbert Feczesin (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈroːbɛɾt ˈfet͡sɛʃin); born 22 February 1986 in Dabas, Hungary) is a Hungarian professional footballer who is currently playing for Videoton FC in Hungary.	Róbert Feczesin	Hungary
country of citizenship	Bent Melchior (born 24 June 1929) is a former chief rabbi of Denmark.	Bent Melchior	Denmark
country of citizenship	Sam Trickett (born 2 July 1986 in East Retford, United Kingdom) is a professional poker player.	Sam Trickett	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Marlene Garcia-Esperat (August 29, 1959 -- March 24, 2005 in Tacurong City, Sultan Kudarat, Philippines) was a Filipina whistleblower and investigative journalist who wrote a weekly anti-graft column for local newspapers.	Marlene Garcia-Esperat	Philippines
country of citizenship	Jonathan Nitzan is Professor of Political Economy at York University, Toronto, Canada.	Jonathan Nitzan	Canada
country of citizenship	Edwin Gordon Blackmore, CMG (1837--1909), was Clerk of the Legislative Council and Clerk of Parliaments of the colony of South Australia.	Edwin Gordon Blackmore	Australia
country of citizenship	Faryal worked for a while as an air hostess in Air India before joining films.	Faryal	India
country of citizenship	Abraham Carel Wertheim, also known as A.C. Wertheim (Amsterdam, 12 December 1832 -- Amsterdam, 30 November 1897) was a banker, politician, and philanthropist from Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	Abraham Carel Wertheim	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hasegawa Katsutoshi (born 20 July 1944) is a former sumo wrestler from Sorachi, Hokkaidō, Japan.	Hasegawa Katsutoshi	Japan
country of citizenship	Rafael Riqueni (born 1962 in Seville) is one of Spain's top flamenco guitarists.	Rafael Riqueni	Spain
country of citizenship	Gustavo Cárdenas Ávila, also known as Jan (born in Celaya, Guanajuato, Mexico, on April 30, 1974), is a Mexican pop singer and actor, who had a ``huge'' success as a pop-ballad singer in the 90s and later became an screen and stage actor.	Gustavo Cárdenas Ávila	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jan Callebaut also introduced the brand approach into the VRT, the Flemish Radio and Television Network, Belgium's leading broadcasting and media concern.	Jan Callebaut	Belgium
country of citizenship	Janina Dawidowicz (born 19 March 1930 in Kalisz, Poland), better known as Janina David, is a Holocaust survivor and a British writer and translator.	Janina David	Poland
country of citizenship	Nii Tackie Tawiah III (October 6, 1940 -- December 2012) was the Ga Mantse in the Ga State, a traditional kingship in the Greater Accra Region in Ghana from 2006 until his death in 2012.	Nii Tackie Tawiah III	Ghana
country of citizenship	Henri Maquet (1839-1909) was a Belgian architect, best known for his work for King Leopold II of Belgium.	Henri Maquet	Belgium
country of citizenship	Tjunkiya Napaltjarri (also known as Tjunkiya Kamayi, Tjungkiya, Tunkaii Napaltari, Kowai or Kamayi) (c. 1927--2009) was a Pintupi-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Tjunkiya Napaltjarri	Australia
country of citizenship	Andrzej Liczik (born 4 March 1977 in Feodosiya, Krym, Ukraine) is a boxer from Poland.	Andrzej Liczik	Poland
country of citizenship	Chintaman Rao Gautam (born 18 October 1899) was the first member of parliament from Balaghat constituency of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Chintaman Rao Gautam	India
country of citizenship	Hryhorij Lakota was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 27 June 2001 in the Ukraine.	Hryhorij Lakota	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Ivan Lenđer (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Ленђер, Rusyn: Иван Лендєр, pronounced (ǐʋan lêndʑer)) (born July 29, 1990, in Zrenjanin, SFR Yugoslavia) is an Olympic swimmer from Serbia.	Ivan Lenđer	Serbia
country of citizenship	Elmaz Boçe (1852, Gjirokastër, Albania -- 1925) was an Albanian educator and a signatory of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.	Elmaz Boçe	Albania
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Lecompte Pérez is a Colombian author who was married to Ingrid Betancourt, a politician kidnapped by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC).	Juan Carlos Lecompte	Colombia
country of citizenship	Lagi Setu (born 25 February 1988) is a New Zealand professional rugby footballer.	Lagi Setu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Andrew Scott Dickens (born August 4, 1984) is a former competitive swimmer from Canada, who mostly competes in the breaststroke events.	Scott Dickens	Canada
country of citizenship	Daniel Leclercq (born September 4, 1949 in Trith-Saint-Léger, France) is a retired football defender and manager.	Daniel Leclercq	France
country of citizenship	Frederick Orton Hamilton (27 December 1873 -- 25 July 1945) was a Nelson, New Zealand wool, grain, and produce and general merchant who led the development of his region's horticulture.	Frederick Orton Hamilton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ragnhild Furebotten (born 10 March 1979 in Saltdal, Norway) is a Norwegian fiddler, folk musician and composer, and former member of the traditional folk band Majorstuen and present member and founder of Hekla Stålstrenga.	Ragnhild Furebotten	Norway
country of citizenship	Jason Walters was born on 6 March 1985 to an American soldier based in the Netherlands and a Dutch woman.	Jason Walters	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Prince Jacob, born Miguel Jacob Carmo Luis Fernandes is a popular Konkani language tiatrist and singer from India.	Prince Jacob	India
country of citizenship	Prior to making films Gregor Jordan played Bassanio in The Merchant of Venice for Shakespeare By The Sea (Australia).	Gregor Jordan	Australia
country of citizenship	Andreu Buenafuente (born 24 January 1965 Reus, Catalonia, Spain) is a Spanish late night show host and founder of the group El Terrat.	Andreu Buenafuente	Spain
country of citizenship	Rytis Sakalauskas (born January 1, 1987 in Alytus) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Lithuania.	Rytis Sakalauskas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Natarid Thammarossopon (Thai: ณธฤษภ์ ธรรมรสโสภณ, born March 14, 1988), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Natarid Thammarossopon	Thailand
country of citizenship	Óscar Soto Carrillo (born 9 June 1983 in Mexico City) is a two-time Olympic modern pentathlete from Mexico.	Óscar Soto	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ngaire Fuata is a New Zealand Television producer for TVNZ and a former Pop singer.	Ngaire Fuata	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kalle Mattson (born Kalle Mattson Wainio, September 21, 1990 in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario) is a Canadian singer-songwriter based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Kalle Mattson	Canada
country of citizenship	Mohammad Razigul (born 1942) is a former Afghanistan wrestler, who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in the light-flyweight event.	Mohammad Razigul	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Juan Benítez Galeano (born 23 June 1953 in Itacurubí, Paraguay) is a former Paraguayan footballer currently played for clubs of Paraguay, Chile, Ecuador and Spain.	Juan Benítez Galeano	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Mojtaba Mirtahmasb (Persian: مجتبی میرطهماسب ‎; born in 1971 in Kerman, Iran) is an Iranian filmmaker and film producer.	Mojtaba Mirtahmasb	Iran
country of citizenship	Margot Käßmann (German: (ˈmaʁɡɔt ˈkɛːsman); born 3 June 1958) is a Lutheran theologian and was Landesbischöfin (bishop) of the Evangelical-Lutheran Church of Hanover in Germany.	Margot Käßmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Jennifer Tham (born 1962) is a leading choir conductor and music pedagogue based in Singapore.	Jennifer Tham	Singapore
country of citizenship	Vaijnath Mohiniraj Pundlik (Born 23 December 1913 - Death 9 March 2009) was an Indian architect, considered an important figure of South Asian architecture and noted for his contributions to the evolution of architectural discourse in India.	Vaijnath Mohiniraj Pundlik	India
country of citizenship	Folagbade Olateru Olagbegi III (CFR, SAN) (born June 26, 1941,) is the traditional ruler of Owo (Olowo of Owo), Ondo state, Nigeria.	Folagbade Olateru Olagbegi III	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mick van Buren (born in Ridderkerk, Netherlands, 14 August 1992) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Danish Superliga club Esbjerg fB.	Mick van Buren	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Suresh Bhat (Marathi: सुरेश भट; April 15, 1932 -- March 14, 2003) was a noted Marathi poet from the state of Maharashtra, India.	Suresh Bhat	India
country of citizenship	Nicolae Milinceanu (born 1 August 1992, Chişinău, Moldova) is a Moldavian footballer who plays as a striker.	Nicolae Milinceanu	Moldova
country of citizenship	Pedro Bial (born March 29, 1958 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian producer, director, writer, journalist and a celebrity TV presenter, best known for hosting the variety show Fantástico, and the reality show Big Brother Brasil (the Brazilian version of Big Brother.)	Pedro Bial	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ugo Rondinone was born in 1964 to Italian parents in the resort town of Brunnen, Switzerland.	Ugo Rondinone	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Max Krehan (July 11, 1875 -- October 16, 1925) was a German Master Potter in Dornburg, Germany, who, in 1920, was appointed the Lehrmeister (Crafts Master) for the pottery workshop at the Bauhaus school in Weimar.	Max Krehan	Germany
country of citizenship	Javier Treviño (born December 11, 1960 in Monterrey, Mexico), was appointed Mexico Deputy Secretary of Education by President Enrique Peña Nieto on November 20, 2014.	Javier Treviño	Mexico
country of citizenship	A. C. Shanmugam is the founder of New Justice Party, a political party of Tamil Nadu, India.	A. C. Shanmugam	India
country of citizenship	Mykhailo Poloz (Ukrainian: Михайло Полоз) was a politician, diplomat, statesman of Ukraine, participant of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk.	Mykhailo Poloz	Ukraine
country of citizenship	José Luis Exeni was the chief judge of the National Electoral Court of Bolivia.	José Luis Exeni	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Jafar Umar Thalib ( pronunciation ; Arabic: جَعْفَر عُمَر طَالِب‎; Arabic pronunciation: (dʒaʕfar ʕumar tˤaːlib); born on November 19, 1961) is the founder and the head of Laskar Jihad, a militant and radical Islamic organization in Indonesia.	Jafar Umar Thalib	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Nila Heredia Miranda (born in Uyuni, Potosí) is a former medical school anatomy professor and administrator, former leftist militant, and Bolivia's Minister of Health and Sports, a position she has occupied twice.	Nila Heredia	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Rochdi Chraibi (Arabic: رشدي الشرايبي‎; born 1962--Ouarzazate)is a senior member of the royal cabinet of king Mohammed VI of Morocco.	Rochdi Chraibi	Morocco
country of citizenship	Zane Robertson (born 14 November 1989) is a New Zealand middle and long-distance runner.	Zane Robertson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Abdullah Wardak, an ethnic Pashtun, was born in the Wardak Province of Afghanistan.	Abdullah Wardak	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	He established the String Quartet ``Enric Casals'' in 1921, with which he toured Europe, offering concerts in France, Belgium, England, Switzerland and Spain.	Enric Casals	Spain
country of citizenship	Rosa Chacel (June 3, 1898 -- July 27, 1994) was a famous and sometimes controversial writer from Spain.	Rosa Chacel	Spain
country of citizenship	Paul Brousse then returned to France in 1880 and progressively became more reformist.	Paul Brousse	France
country of citizenship	Li Keqiang (simplified Chinese: 李克强; traditional Chinese: 李克強; pinyin: Lǐ Kèqiáng; Mandarin: (lì kʰɤ̂tɕʰjǎŋ); born 1 July 1955) is the current Premier of the State Council of the People's Republic of China.	Li Keqiang	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Rabi Ray (born 26 November 1926) is an Indian socialist politician, a Gandhian, a former speaker of Lok Sabha and a former Union minister of India.	Rabi Ray	India
country of citizenship	Sveinn Einarsson (born September 18, 1934) is most known for championing and cultivating professional theatre in Iceland.	Sveinn Einarsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Born in Częstochowa, Poland, Sebastian Ułamek and his wife, Marzena (wedding in 2000), have two children, a son, Dawid (b. November 2004) and a daughter, Natalia (b. 2008-09-08).	Sebastian Ułamek	Poland
country of citizenship	Christoph Lauenstein (born March 20, 1962 in Hildesheim, West Germany) is a German producer and animator.	Christoph Lauenstein	Germany
country of citizenship	James Francis Fulloon (12 August 1840 -- 22 July 1865) was a New Zealand interpreter and public servant.	James Francis Fulloon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Roma Ligocka (born Rominka Liebling, 13 November 1938 in Kraków, Poland) is a Polish costume designer, writer, and painter.	Roma Ligocka	Poland
country of citizenship	Ibn-e-Safi (also spelled as Ibne Safi) (Urdu: ابنِ صفی‎) was the pen name of Asrar Ahmad (Urdu: اسرار احمد‎), a best-selling and prolific fiction writer, novelist and poet of Urdu from Pakistan.	Ibn-e-Safi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Bojan Bazelli is a Montenegrin cinematographer and music video director born in Herceg Novi, Montenegro.	Bojan Bazelli	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Marcus Chamat (pronounced shuh-mat) (born 6 May 1975, in Borlange, Sweden) is a professional eight-ball and nine-ball pool player.	Marcus Chamat	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jean-Marie Buchet (born 24 February 1938 in Jemappes, Belgium, near Mons) is a Belgian author and filmmaker.	Jean-Marie Buchet	Belgium
country of citizenship	Vicco von Bülow was born in Brandenburg an der Havel in Prussia, today Brandenburg, in modern north-eastern Germany.	Vicco von Bülow	Germany
country of citizenship	Portia Bing (born 17 April 1993 in Helensville) is a New Zealand athlete who specialises in the heptathlon.	Portia Bing	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Major General Neville Alexander Odartey-Wellington (1934--1979), former Chief of Army Staff, Ghana Armed Forces (1978--79), was a Ghana Army officer.	Neville Alexander Odartey-Wellington	Ghana
country of citizenship	Manuel Vega Tamayo (born in Niquero, Cuba) is a right-handed pitcher who plays for Granma of the Cuban National Series.	Manuel Vega	Cuba
country of citizenship	Arthur Owen Jensen ) was a New Zealand musician, music tutor and promoter, critic, broadcaster, composer.	Arthur Owen Jensen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anami Narayan Roy was the Director General of Police, Maharashtra, India and the former Police Commissioner of Mumbai.	Anami Narayan Roy	India
country of citizenship	Adaeze Yobo (born Adaeze Stephanie Chinenye Igwe) is a former Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria.	Adaeze Yobo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Karl Friedrich Friesen (25 September 1784 Magdeburg - 16 March 1814 La Lobbe, France) was a German gymnast and soldier, one of the principal promoters of gymnastics in Germany.	Friedrich Friesen	Germany
country of citizenship	Péter Orosz (born 19 August 1981) is a football striker from Hungary.	Péter Orosz	Hungary
country of citizenship	Alexandrina Maria da Costa was born at 30 March 1904, in Balazar, a rural parish of Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.	Alexandrina Maria da Costa	Portugal
country of citizenship	Kjell Westö (born August 6, 1961 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish author and journalist.	Kjell Westö	Finland
country of citizenship	Preneet Kaur (born 3 October 1944) is an Indian politician and former minister in the Government of India.	Preneet Kaur	India
country of citizenship	Mzwakhe Mbuli, a devout former Deacon at Apostolic Faith Mission Church in Naledi Soweto South Africa, known as ``The People's Poet, Tall man, Mbulism'', is a popular poet and Mbaqanga singer in South Africa.	Mzwakhe Mbuli	South Africa
country of citizenship	Mario Theissen (born 17 August 1952 in Monschau, Germany) is the former BMW Motorsport Director and was team principal of BMW Sauber, the company's Formula One team from 2005 until 2009, when BMW sold the team back to Peter Sauber.	Mario Theissen	Germany
country of citizenship	Vahid Mohammadzadeh (born 16 May 1989) is an Iranian professional footballer who plays for Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League.	Vahid Mohammadzadeh	Iran
country of citizenship	In November 2005, her family moved to Australia and despite her young age Charlotte McShane started competing in long distance triathlons.	Charlotte McShane	Australia
country of citizenship	Sulamita Aronovsky, born in Lithuania in 1929, is a classical pianist and piano teacher who spent her formative years in Russia, moving to London in 1971.	Sulamita Aronovsky	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Robert Coupland Harding (19 October 1849 -- 16 December 1916) was a New Zealand printer, typographer and journalist.	Robert Coupland Harding	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bikash Malla (Nepali: बिकास मल्ल) (born 15 August 1986) is a footballer from Nepal.	Bikash Malla	Nepal
country of citizenship	Menno Boelsma (born 8 January 1961) is a retired speed skater from the Netherlands.	Menno Boelsma	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Phinda Dlamini (born 8 November 1984) is a Swaziland international footballer who plays as a striker.	Phinda Dlamini	Swaziland
country of citizenship	Alexandros Apostolopoulos (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Απστολόπουλος; born 7 November 1991 in Zakynthos, Greece) is a Greek Footballer currently playing for Platanias in the Superleague Greece.	Alexandros Apostolopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Servatius Ludwig (15 June 1907, Bous (Saar), Germany - 26 May 1946, Sinchan, Manchuria) was a German pioneer missionary to north east China who became a leader of Christian missionary efforts in Manchuria until his assassination in 1946.	Servatius Ludwig	Germany
country of citizenship	Barry Briggs MBE (born 30 December 1934) from Christchurch, New Zealand is a former Speedway rider.	Barry Briggs	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gareth Brooks (born 28 February 1979 in Christchurch) is a field hockey player from New Zealand, who earned his first cap for the national team, nicknamed The Black Sticks, in 2002.	Gareth Brooks	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Miloš Bursać (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилoш Буpcaћ, born June 23, 1964 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football striker who played for SFR Yugoslavia.	Miloš Bursać	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Benjamin (born 2 February 1955), nicknamed Benji, is a former professional cricketer who played at high levels in Australia, England, and India.	Emmanuel Benjamin	Australia
country of citizenship	Moe Yu San (born July 11, 1991) is a film actress and advertising model in Myanmar.	Moe Yu San	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Ahmed Gamal El Din (born 11 November 1952) is a retired police general and Egypt's former minister of interior.	Ahmed Gamal El Din	Egypt
country of citizenship	Azam Taleghani (in Persian:اعظم طالقانی) is an Iranian politician and journalist, born in 1944, is the head of the Society of Islamic Revolution Women of Iran, editor of Payam Hajar Weekly, and a former member of the Iranian parliament.	Azam Taleghani	Iran
country of citizenship	Suhel Tirmizi, also known as M.M. Tirmizi, is a prominent attorney and human rights advocate, practicing at the Gujarat High Court, in India.	Suhel Tirmizi	India
country of citizenship	Eero Huovinen (born October 27, 1944 in Helsinki) is the former Bishop of Helsinki in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.	Eero Huovinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Jo Niemeyer (born in 1946 in Alf, Germany) is a concrete artist and designer.	Jo Niemeyer	Germany
country of citizenship	Andrej Kramarić (pronounced (ˈandrɛi ˈkramariːtɕ); born 19 June 1991) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a striker for 1899 Hoffenheim, on loan from Leicester City, and the Croatia national team.	Andrej Kramarić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Cao Xinlong (Chinese: 曹新龙; pinyin: Cáo Xīnlóng; born 16 August 1981) is a former professional snooker player from the People's Republic of China.	Cao Xinlong	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Andreas Angelus (16 November 1561--9 August 1598; born Andreas Engel) was a clergyman, teacher and government inspector, known for his chronicles of the history of the Mark Brandenburg, Germany.	Andreas Angelus	Germany
country of citizenship	José Ramón Díaz Alejandro, painting and writing under the name of Ramon Alejandro, (born February 1943, Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban painter and writer who has lived in exile in Argentina, Uruguay and Paris, France.	José Ramón Díaz Alejandro	Cuba
country of citizenship	Brown Lindiwe Mkhize (born Durban, South Africa) is an African singer and actress.	Brown Lindiwe Mkhize	South Africa
country of citizenship	Glenn Dickson (born 22 October 1986 in Dunedin, New Zealand) is a rugby union player who represents Northampton Saints in the Aviva Premiership.	Glenn Dickson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hans Graf (born 15 February 1949 in Marchtrenk, Austria) is an Austrian conductor.	Hans Graf	Austria
country of citizenship	Ola Bøe was born in the municipality of Vestre Slidre in Oppland county, Norway, the son of Per Person Bøe (1859--1922) and Rangdi Jakobsdotter (1867--1934).	Ola Bøe	Norway
country of citizenship	Çandarlı Ali Pasha (died December 18, 1406) was the grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1387 until 1406, under sultan Bayezid I and, during the Ottoman Interregnum, Süleyman Çelebi.	Çandarlı Ali Pasha	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Negiat Sali (born September 4, 1953) is a Romanian economist and politician, a member of the Democratic Union of Turco-Islamic Tatars of Romania (UDTTMR) and former member of the Chamber of Deputies in 2000-2004.	Negiat Sali	Romania
country of citizenship	Danilo Lazović (Serbian Cyrillic: Данило Лазовић) (25. November 1951, Brodarevo, Serbia, then Yugoslavia -- 25 March 2006 in Belgrade, Serbia and Montenegro) was a Serbian actor.	Danilo Lazović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Born in Budapest in 1863, Victor Basch emigrated with his family to France as a child, and later studied at the Sorbonne.	Victor Basch	France
country of citizenship	Günther Hussong (born June 17, 1948 in Kirkel, Germany) is a dialect poet, cabaret artist, composer and CD-producer.	Günther Hussong	Germany
country of citizenship	Altaír Jarabo (born Altaír Jarabo García on August 7, 1986, in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and fashion model.	Altaír Jarabo	Mexico
country of citizenship	May Barani Thaw (Yangon, born 10 October 1990) is a Burmese model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Myanmar 2015 and represented Myanmar at the Miss Universe 2015 Pageant.	May Barani Thaw	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Pat Creedy (1920s--2011) was a New Zealand rugby football player who represented his country in rugby league.	Pat Creedy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Masaru Edward Fulenwider-Musashi (born April 26, 1977 in Rikuzentakata, Iwate, Japan), better known by the stage name Mark Musashi (マーク武蔵 Māku Musashi), is a Wushu martial artist and a stuntman/actor or Gaijin tarento.	Mark Musashi	Japan
country of citizenship	Sam Sparro was born 8 November 1982 and raised in Sydney, Australia.	Sam Sparro	Australia
country of citizenship	Damiano Lenzi (born August 14, 1987, Domodossola, VB, Piedmont, Italy) is an Italian ski mountaineer and cross-country skier, Italian Army member, Mountain Warfare Troops (``Alpini'').	Damiano Lenzi	Italy
country of citizenship	Gautam Rajadhyaksha (16 September 1950 -- 13 September 2011) was one of India's leading fashion photographers, and was based in Mumbai, India He was one of India's best known celebrity portraitists, having photographed almost all the icons of the Indian Film industry.	Gautam Rajadhyaksha	India
country of citizenship	Jorge de Juan was born into a very artistic family in Cartagena, Spain, in 1961.	Jorge de Juan	Spain
country of citizenship	Richard Hu Tsu Tau (Chinese: 胡赐道; pinyin: Hú Cìdào, born October 30, 1926) is a former People's Action Party (PAP) politician in Singapore.	Richard Hu	Singapore
country of citizenship	Alejandra Dorado (September 24, 1969 - ) is considered to be one of the most important contemporary artists in working Bolivia.	Alejandra Dorado	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Chander Kumar (born 8 May 1944) served as Member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Chander Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Saint Donnán of Eigg (also known as Donan; died 17 April 617) was a Gaelic priest, likely from Ireland, who attempted to introduce Christianity to the Picts of northwestern Scotland during the Early Middle Ages.	Donnán of Eigg	Ireland
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Minh Phương (born 5 July 1980) is a retired Vietnamese professional footballer who last played for SHB Đà Nẵng in the V-League and he was the captain of Vietnam national football team until 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup.	Nguyễn Minh Phương	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Son Tae-jin (Hangul: 손태진, Hanja: 孫泰珍) (born May 5, 1988 in Gyeongsan, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea) is a South Korean Taekwondo practitioner.	Son Tae-jin	South Korea
country of citizenship	Jeanie Collier (c.1791 -- 16 September 1861) was a New Zealand runholder.	Jeanie Collier	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tun Endon Mahmood Ambak (24 December 1940 -- 20 October 2005) was the first wife of the 5th Prime Minister of Malaysia, Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi.	Endon Mahmood	Malaysia
country of citizenship	María Ofelia Villenave Garza, known as Fernanda Villeli, (14 May 1921 -- 1 February 2009) was a Mexican writer and activist, who was one of the major writers of telenovelas in Mexico.	Fernanda Villeli	Mexico
country of citizenship	One of South Africa's foremost painters, Cyril Fradan was born in Johannesburg in 1928.	Cyril Fradan	South Africa
country of citizenship	John Southgate Allen (3 January 1883 -- 11 November 1955) of Tirau was appointed a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council on 27 July 1950.	John Southgate Allen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Arturo Maly (September 6, 1939 in Buenos Aires -- May 25, 2001 in Morteros, Córdoba, Argentina) was a Silver Condor award winning Argentine actor.	Arturo Maly	Argentina
country of citizenship	Osman Murat Özaydınlı (22 May 1954 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a businessman, mechanical engineer and vice-president of Turkish multispor club Fenerbahçe SK.	Murat Özaydınlı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Brian Routh is a performance/sound artist born 9 March 1948 in Gateshead, County Durham, United Kingdom.	Brian Routh	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Francisco Hudson Cárdenas (Curaco de Vélez, Chile, July 1, 1826 -- March, 1859) was a Chilean naval officer and hydrographer notable for his explorations of Southern Chile and Chilean Patagonia.	Francisco Hudson	Chile
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Muff (15 March 1880 -- 17 May 1947) was a general in the Wehrmacht during the time of Nazi Germany.	Wolfgang Muff	Germany
country of citizenship	Rukan Razuki Abd al-Ghafar (Ar:روكان رزوقي عبد الغفور, born 1956 in Tikrit, died 2003) was the head of the tribal affairs office in Iraq under Saddam Hussein and a member of Saddam's inner circle.	Rukan Razuki Abd al-Ghafar	Iraq
country of citizenship	Radha Gyawali, a member of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist), assumed the post of the Minister of Energy on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala-led government.	Radha Gyawali	Nepal
country of citizenship	Sadhu Sundar Singh (Hindi: साधु सुन्दर सिंह; b..3 September 1889, Patiala State, India) was an Indian Christian missionary.	Sadhu Sundar Singh	India
country of citizenship	Luciano Zacharski (born on December 17, 1985 in Buenos Aires, Argentina), is an Argentine actor, currently resides in Mexico City, Mexico.	Luciano Zacharski	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ernest Walton was born in Abbeyside, County Waterford, Ireland, to a Methodist minister father, Rev. John Walton (1874--1936) and Anna Sinton (1874--1906).	Ernest Walton	Ireland
country of citizenship	The Year China Discovered the World, amateur historian Gavin Menzies argues that Zhou Man built a fortess at Bittangabee Bay Australia and that his fleet approached and mapped the Pacific coast of North America and may have been wiped out by a megatsunami resulting from a comet impact creating Mahuika crater.	Zhou Man	China
country of citizenship	Glenn A. Baker (born 28 July 1952) is an Australian journalist, commentator, and broadcaster well known in Australia for his vast knowledge of Rock music.	Glenn A. Baker	Australia
country of citizenship	Mariano Felipe Paz Soldán y Ureta (August 22, 1821 - December 31, 1886), Peruvian historian and geographer, was born at Arequipa, Peru.	Mariano Felipe Paz Soldán	Peru
country of citizenship	Gokulam Gopalan is a businessman, film producer and distributor from Kerala, India.	Gokulam Gopalan	India
country of citizenship	Augustin Dontenwill was born on June 4, 1857, in Bischwiller, Alsace, France; where he came to the United States, as a child.	Augustin Dontenwill	France
country of citizenship	Nikolaus Schneider (* 3 September 1947) was from 9 November 2010 to 10 November 2014 president of the council of the Evangelical Church in Germany (EKD).	Nikolaus Schneider	Germany
country of citizenship	Karl Wilhelm Heinrich von Kleist (1 November 1836, Brandenburg - 2 January 1917, Berlin) was a Prussian officer of the Imperial German Army, most recently General of the Cavalry (Germany).	Karl Wilhelm Heinrich von Kleist	Germany
country of citizenship	Amanda Samaroo (born 2 November 1992) is a twenty-two year old National Cricketer from Trinidad and Tobago.	Amanda Samaroo	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Rushmi Chakravarthi (Telugu: రుష్మి చక్రవర్తి; born 9 October 1977) is a professional tennis player from India.	Rushmi Chakravarthi	India
country of citizenship	Islam Slimani (Arabic: إسلام سليماني; born 18 June 1988) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a striker for Sporting Clube de Portugal and the Algeria national team.	Islam Slimani	Algeria
country of citizenship	Amer Kamal (born 13 September 1987 in Sudan) is Sudanese footballer who plays for Al-Merreikh SC in Sudanese Premier League.	Amer Kamal	Sudan
country of citizenship	Dirk Van der Hoff (2 September 1814 in Dordrecht, Netherlands, -- 9 October 1881 in Potchefstroom South Africa) was minister of the Nederduitsch Hervormde Kerk, one of the Dutch Reformed Churches in South Africa.	Dirk Van der Hoff	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Marc Chagall was born Moishe Segal in a Lithuanian Jewish family in Liozna, near the city of Vitebsk (Belarus, then part of the Russian Empire) in 1887.	Marc Chagall	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Sara Wiseman is a New Zealand actress living and working in New Zealand and Australia.	Sara Wiseman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rafael Filiberto Bonnelly Fondeur (August 22, 1904 -- December 28, 1979) was a lawyer, scholar, diplomat, and, from 1962 until 1963, the President of the Dominican Republic, before he was president, he was vice president of the country from 1960 to 1962.	Rafael Filiberto Bonnelly	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Brody Blair (born December 27, 1991) is a Canadian amateur boxer that has represented Canada in multiple international competitions as a middleweight.	Brody Blair	Canada
country of citizenship	Thomas Cawthron (25 May 1833 -- 8 October 1915) was a New Zealand businessman and philanthropist responsible for the establishment of the Cawthron research institute.	Thomas Cawthron	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Stefan Nystrand (born 20 October 1981 in Haninge) is a freestyle swimmer from Sweden.	Stefan Nystrand	Sweden
country of citizenship	Pandit Prakash Vir Shastri (30 December 1923 -- 23 November 1977) was a noted Member of the Parliament of India (Sansad).	Prakash Vir Shastri	India
country of citizenship	Roland Teichmann (born April 19, 1970 in Salzburg, Austria) is the director of the Austrian Film Institute.	Roland Teichmann	Austria
country of citizenship	Fernand Backes (born January 30, 1930) was a boxer from Luxembourg.	Fernand Backes	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Kashif Ahmed (born 17 November 1975 in Karachi, Pakistan) is a Pakistani and United Arab Emirates cricketer.	Kashif Ahmed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Amelia Mary Randall (1844--1930) was a New Zealand companion help, church and community leader, landowner, businesswoman, benefactor.	Amelia Mary Randall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paston Coke (born 23 August 1971) was born in St. James, one of the western parishes of Jamaica.	Paston Coke	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Stéphane Caristan (born May 31, 1964 in Créteil) is a retired hurdler from France, who set the world's best year performance in 1986.	Stéphane Caristan	France
country of citizenship	Americans are citizens of the United States of America.	Americans	United States of America
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Dauner (born 30 December 1935) is a German jazz fusion pianist, composer and keyboardist born in Stuttgart, Germany, probably best known for his work in the United Jazz and Rock Ensemble and with musicians such as Hans Koller, Albert Mangelsdorff, Volker Kriegel or Ack van Rooyen.	Wolfgang Dauner	Germany
country of citizenship	Colonel Sultan Amir Tarar (died January 2011), best known as Colonel Imam, was a Pakistan Army officer and special warfare operation specialist.	Colonel Imam	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Vassilis Photopoulos (Greek: Βασίλης Φωτόπουλος) (1934, Kalamata -- January 14, 2007, Athens, Greece) was an influential Greek painter, film director, art director and set designer.	Vassilis Photopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Thein Htaik (Burmese: သိန်းထိုက်) is the Union Auditor General of Myanmar, appointed to the post on 7 September 2012.	Thein Htaik	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Gerhard Launer (born 8 January 1949 in Werneck) is one of the best known aerial photographers in Germany.	Gerhard Launer	Germany
country of citizenship	Ariel Moscovici (born 1956, Bucharest, Romania) is a sculptor born in Romania and based in France.	Ariel Moscovici	Romania
country of citizenship	The Origins of Western and Eastern Slav Towns, Witold Hensel, World Archaeology, Vol. 1, No. 1, Recent Work and New Approaches (Jun., 1969), pp. 51-60 Polska Starożytna (En:ancient Poland) ;by Witold Hensel ;	Witold Hensel	Poland
country of citizenship	Samad Allapitchay (born 1950) is a former Singapore national football team captain who played for National Football League sides Geylang International and Tampines Rovers, and the Singapore Lions in the Malaysia Cup as a centre-back.	Samad Allapitchay	Singapore
country of citizenship	John Dalhoff, a.k.a. John Ultimate (1944 -- 2001) was the founder of the organisation 'Zenith Applied Philosophy' (ZAP) based in Christchurch, New Zealand.	John Dalhoff	New Zealand
country of citizenship	According to reports in Croatia PAOK are set to complete a deal for the Rijeka left back Marin Leovac.	Marin Leovac	Croatia
country of citizenship	Petro Trochanowski or Piotr Trochanowski (born 1947) was born in Silesia in the southwestern part of Poland to Lemko parents from Binczarowa.	Petro Trochanowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Ionel Sorin Trofin (born 30 January 1976, Bălan, Harghita, Romania) was a Romanian footballer.	Sorin Trofin	Romania
country of citizenship	Sigmar Vilhjálmsson (born January 3, 1977, in Egilsstaðir, Iceland), nicknamed Simmi, is an Icelandic TV host.	Sigmar Vilhjálmsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Atik Jauhari (born 14 August 1949 in Tangerang in Indonesia) is a badminton coach from Indonesia.	Atik Jauhari	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Swaminatha Desikar was born in a village called Valavanur (Valavanur) ) near by Mailam in Tamil Nadu, South India into an orthodox Saiva Tamil (Desikar) family around the middle of the 19th century.	Swaminatha Desikar	India
country of citizenship	Fabian Del Priore (born 27 May, 1978 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a composer, arranger and sound designer.	Fabian Del Priore	Germany
country of citizenship	Luis Fernando Figari Rodrigo (born July 8, 1947 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian Catholic layman and the founder and former superior general of Sodalitium Christianae Vitae.	Luis Fernando Figari	Peru
country of citizenship	Sanasar Oganisyan (Armenian: Սանասար Հովհաննիսյան, born February 5, 1960 in Moscow, Russian SSR) is a former Freestyle wrestler for the Soviet Union of Armenian descent and Olympic, World and European Champion.	Sanasar Oganisyan	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Nicolás Ledezma is a paralympic athlete from Mexico competing mainly in category T11 long distance events.	Nicolás Ledezma	Mexico
country of citizenship	Alyson Hunter (born 1948) is a New Zealand photographer and print maker, resident in London, who, during the 1970s and 1980s, employed an unusual technique of etching with a chemically modified photographic image.	Alyson Hunter	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gedko Powało was a thirteenth century bishop of Płock, Poland.	Gedko Powało	Poland
country of citizenship	Léon Syrovatski (born July 25, 1938 in Paris) is a former javelin thrower from France, who finished in 18th place in two consecutive Summer Olympics: 1956 and 1960.	Léon Syrovatski	France
country of citizenship	Kevin Field is a New Zealand jazz pianist and composer.	Kevin Field	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ronald James McLean (22 January 1914--26 May 1980) was a New Zealand farmer, aviator, community leader and environmental campaigner.	Ronald James McLean	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Joseph Martinus Stultiens was a silversmith and metalworker in The Hague (The Netherlands), New York, Boston and Toronto.	Joseph Martinus Stultiens	Netherlands
country of citizenship	László Sólyom (Hungarian: Sólyom László, pronounced (ˈʃoːjom ˈlaːsloː); born 3 January 1942) is a Hungarian political figure, lawyer, and librarian who was President of Hungary from 2005 until 2010.	László Sólyom	Hungary
country of citizenship	Born in Havana, Alfonso Catá was the son of a diplomat in service to the government of Fulgencio Batista, president of Cuba from 1933 to 1959.	Alfonso Catá	Cuba
country of citizenship	Thomas Minder (born 26 December 1960 in Schaffhausen, Switzerland) is a Swiss entrepreneur and politician.	Thomas Minder	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Sir James Peter Quilliam (23 March 1920 -- 17 February 2004) was Chief Justice of the Cook Islands and a Judge of the High Court of New Zealand.	Peter Quilliam	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tingsek is a Swedish musician and producer from Södra Sandby, Sweden.	Tingsek	Sweden
country of citizenship	Gerlach Cerfontaine (born in Houthem on November 28, 1946) is a former business leader from the Netherlands, who is probably best known for his role as CEO of the Schiphol Group.	Gerlach Cerfontaine	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Milena Duchková (born April 25, 1952 in Prague) is a diver from the Czechoslovakia and Olympic champion.	Milena Duchková	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Ram Balkrushna Shewalkar (Devanagari: राम बाळकृष्ण शेवाळकर) (2 March 1931 -- 3 May 2009) was a Marathi orator, writer, and literary critic from Maharashtra, India.	Ram Balkrushna Shewalkar	India
country of citizenship	Sarah Mlynowski (born January 4, 1977 in Montreal, Canada) is a writer of middle-grade fiction, young adult novels, and adult fiction.	Sarah Mlynowski	Canada
country of citizenship	He was the son of Maurice Keatinge of Narraghmore, County Kildare, an MP for Kildare in the Parliament of Ireland.	Maurice Keatinge	Ireland
country of citizenship	Major Mathew Richmond CB (1801 -- 5 March 1887) was a New Zealand colonial administrator and a politician.	Mathew Richmond	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Knut Ekwall (3 April 1843 in Säby (Småland province), Sweden -- 4 April 1912 in Säby), was a Swedish painter.	Knut Ekwall	Sweden
country of citizenship	Andres Sõber has been noted as one of the most successful youth coaches in Estonia.	Andres Sõber	Estonia
country of citizenship	Ben Kozel (born 1973) is an adventurer, author, film maker and teacher, born in South Australia.	Ben Kozel	Australia
country of citizenship	Toshiyuki Watanabe (渡辺 俊幸 Watanabe Toshiyuki) (born February 3, 1955, in Nagoya, Japan) is a Japanese musician and composer who has scored multiple films and anime.	Toshiyuki Watanabe	Japan
country of citizenship	Song Myung-geun (Hangul: 송명근; born 12 March 1993) is a volleyball player from South Korea.	Song Myung-geun	South Korea
country of citizenship	Daniela Del Din (born September 29, 1969 in San Marino) is a Sammarinese professional sport shooter.	Daniela Del Din	San Marino
country of citizenship	Molly Melching is the founder and executive director of Tostan (meaning ``breakthrough'' in the Wolof language), a Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) headquartered in Dakar, Senegal whose mission it is to empower African communities to bring about sustainable development and positive social transformation based on respect of human rights.	Molly Melching	Senegal
country of citizenship	Maripol was brought up in France before moving to New York in 1976.	Maripol	France
country of citizenship	Sergio Bismarck Villar (born 5 January 1944) is a former Uruguay football left back.	Sergio Bismarck Villar	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Rokas Žilinskas (born on 20 July 1972 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian journalist and politician.	Rokas Žilinskas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Alonso Manso was born in Becerril de Campos, Spain and studied theology at the University of Salamanca.	Alonso Manso	Spain
country of citizenship	Franz Leopold von Nádasdy auf Fogaras was born on September 30, 1708 in Radkersburg, Austria into a Hungarian family of old nobility.	Franz Leopold von Nádasdy	Austria
country of citizenship	Wilson Sabiya was Governor of Adamawa State, Nigeria from 27 August 1991 to January 1992.	Wilson Sabiya	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Torun Eriksen (born 8 January 1977 in Lunde, Telemark, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz singer, whose musical talents first came to prominence as a music student at high school in Norway.	Torun Eriksen	Norway
country of citizenship	Victor Rodger (born 1969) is a New Zealand journalist, actor and award-winning playwright of Samoan and Pākehā heritage.	Victor Rodger	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kala Ramnath is the first child of Malathy and T.N. Mani in Chennai, India.	Kala Ramnath	India
country of citizenship	Pieter Weening (born 5 April 1981) is a road bicycle racer from Harkema, Friesland, the Netherlands, currently riding for Orica-GreenEDGE.	Pieter Weening	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Lucien Febvre was born and brought up in Nancy, in northeastern France.	Lucien Febvre	France
country of citizenship	Lê Thái Tông (黎太宗 22 December 1423----28 August 1442) was an emperor of Vietnam from 1433 till his early death nine years later.	Lê Thái Tông	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Tuvia Bielski (May 8, 1906 -- June 12, 1987) was the leader of the Bielski group, Jewish partisans who were situated in the Naliboki forest in pre-war Poland (now western Belarus) during World War II.	Tuvia Bielski	Poland
country of citizenship	Vladimir Kolev (Bulgarian: Владимир Колев, born April 18, 1953) is a retired boxer from Bulgaria and Olympic bronze medalist, he also works as an actor.	Vladimir Kolev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Roberto Vacchi was born in Stockholm in 1965, to his two Italian parents who emigrated to Sweden in the 1950s.	Roberto Vacchi	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sebastian Seifert (born 12 December 1978 in Ystad, Sweden) is a Swedish handballer, currently playing for Danish Handball League side KIF Kolding.	Sebastian Seifert	Sweden
country of citizenship	Saint Mellonius was an early 4th-century Bishop of Rotomagus (now Rouen) in the Roman province of Secunda Provincia Lugdunensis (now Normandy in France).	Mellonius	France
country of citizenship	Elíseo Arango Ramos (16 April 1900 -- 17 December 1977) was a Colombian lawyer and diplomat who served as 4th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations and as Minister of Foreign Affairs.	Elíseo Arango Ramos	Colombia
country of citizenship	Hazem Mahamid (Arabic: حازم محيميد‎) (born 16 October, in Homs, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Hazem Mahamid	Syria
country of citizenship	Jaime Jarrín (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈxaime xaˈrin); born December 10, 1935 in Quito, Ecuador) is the Spanish language voice of the Los Angeles Dodgers.	Jaime Jarrín	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Reisa Kartikasari born on December 28, 1985 in Malang, East Java is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Puteri Indonesia 2011 1st Runner-up and will represented her country at the Miss International 2011 pageant.	Reisa Kartikasari	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Urs Graf (born c. 1485 in Solothurn, Switzerland; possibly died before 13 October 1528) was a Swiss Renaissance goldsmith, painter and printmaker (of woodcuts, etchings and engravings), as well as a mercenary soldier.	Urs Graf	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Dom Nikollë Kaçorri (1862--1917), was a prominent figure of the National Renaissance of Albania.	Nikollë Kaçorri	Albania
country of citizenship	Lasse Stefanz, earlier Lasse Stefans, is a country music-inspired dansband, formed in 1967 in Kristianstad, Sweden.	Lasse Stefanz	Sweden
country of citizenship	Omer Joldić (born January 1, 1977 in Tuzla) is a former Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballer.	Omer Joldić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Benedetto Spera (born July 1, 1934) is a member of the Sicilian Mafia and the boss of the Belmonte Mezzagno Mafia family and the mandamento of Misilmeri in the province of Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy.	Benedetto Spera	Italy
country of citizenship	Adela Micha Zaga (born May 25, 1963) is a Mexican Jewish journalist notable for conducting several radio and TV newscasts and pioneering the Big Brother reality show in Mexico.	Adela Micha	Mexico
country of citizenship	Li Chevalier (Chinese: 诗蓝; pinyin: Shī Lán; born March 30, 1961) is a Chinese-born artist who moved to France and became a French citizen in 1986.	Li Chevalier	France
country of citizenship	Veaceslav Lisa (born 24 May 1993, Chisinau, Moldova) is a Moldovan football Midfielder who plays for club FC Sheriff Tiraspol.	Veaceslav Lisa	Moldova
country of citizenship	Ulrike Rosenbach (born 1943) is an international video works artist from Germany.	Ulrike Rosenbach	Germany
country of citizenship	Mahmoud Khordbin (Persian: محمود خوردبین‎‎, born 24 September 1948 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian retired football player.	Mahmoud Khordbin	Iran
country of citizenship	Abdullah Mousa Mohamed Ahmed Esmaeil Al Bloushi, also called Abdulla Al Bloushi (Arabic: عبد الله موسى; born 23 February 1987 in Al Ain, United Arab Emirates) is an Emirati footballer who plays for home country club Al-Jazira in UAE Football League.	Abdullah Mousa	United Arab Emirates
country of citizenship	Roderick Asciak (born 4 February 1967 in Rabat, Malta) is a retired footballer.	Roderick Asciak	Malta
country of citizenship	Monica Guerritore (January 5, 1958 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian actress of cinema, theatre and television.	Monica Guerritore	Italy
country of citizenship	Jüri Kerem (April 24, 1943, Tallinn, Estonia - September 8, 1993) was a talented Estonian caricaturist and portraitist.	Jüri Kerem	Estonia
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Burgos Castillo (born December 26, 1987, in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Featherweight division.	Juan Carlos Burgos	Mexico
country of citizenship	Sripriya is an actress who played leading roles in the 1970s and 1980s in South India.	Sripriya	India
country of citizenship	Arjun Mark (1980) and is an Indian born fashion photographer who lives and works in Mumbai, India.	Arjun Mark	India
country of citizenship	Ingemar Lundström, born May 9, 1941 in Skellefteå, Sweden is a Swedish Professor of Applied Physics at Linköping University.	Ingemar Lundström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Abdelkrim Brahmi a.k.a. Rim'K (born 21 June 1978 in Paris, France) is a French rapper of Algerian descent.	Rim'K	France
country of citizenship	Gérald Mossé (born 3 January 1967 in France) is a jockey in thoroughbred horse racing.	Gérald Mossé	France
country of citizenship	Archibald Campbell, 1st Marquess of Argyll, 8th Earl of Argyll, chief of Clan Campbell, (March 1607 -- 27 May 1661) was the de facto head of government in Scotland during most of the conflict known as the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, also known as the British Civil War.	Archibald Campbell, 1st Marquess of Argyll	Scotland
country of citizenship	Mario Romancini (born December 15, 1987 in São Paulo) is a professional racing driver from Brazil.	Mario Romancini	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sam McNicol (born 6 October 1995) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a fullback for Wellington in the ITM Cup.	Sam McNicol	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eugenio Recuenco, born 1968, is a photographer from Madrid, Spain, who works mostly in the publishing and advertising fields.	Eugenio Recuenco	Spain
country of citizenship	Khalnazar Agakhanov (Turkmen: Halnazar Agahanow, Russian: Халназар Агаханов) (25 February 1952--29 June 2013) was a politician and diplomat of the Republic of Turkmenistan.	Khalnazar Agakhanov	Turkmenistan
country of citizenship	Francisco de la O (born December 27, 1965, Mexico City) is a Mexican actor and host.	Francisco de la O	Mexico
country of citizenship	Florian Froehlich, born December 17, 1959, in Pfaeffikon in Switzerland, is a contemporary artist who creates paintings, sculptures, stained-glass, and installations.	Florian Froehlich	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Milagro Sala (born January 27, 1964) is a leader of the Tupac Amaru neighborhood association, part of the Association of State Workers (ATE) of Jujuy, and a leading figure in the Movimiento piquetero of Argentina.	Milagro Sala	Argentina
country of citizenship	Patrick Lindner (born 27 September 1960 in Munich, Germany) is a German Volksmusik singer.	Patrick Lindner	Germany
country of citizenship	Andrei Krukov (born January 7, 1971 in Karaganda) is a pair skater who competed internationally for both Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan.	Andrei Krukov	Kazakhstan	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Aquileo J. Echeverría (May 22, 1866 in San José,Costa Rica -- March 11, 1909 in Barcelona) was a Costa Rican politician, writer, and journalist.	Aquileo J. Echeverría	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Eckehard Feigenspan (born 13 May 1935) is a former German footballer who has been twice capped for Germany's B squad.	Eckehard Feigenspan	Germany
country of citizenship	Marianna Zachariadi (25 February 1990 -- 29 April 2013) was a Greek pole vaulter who later competed for Cyprus.	Marianna Zachariadi	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Simon Pierro grew up in Waldbronn (Baden-Württemberg), Germany and now lives in Berlin.	Simon Pierro	Germany
country of citizenship	İsmail Ogan (March 5, 1933, Antalya Province, Turkey), is a former Turkish Olympic medalist sports wrestler in the Welterweight class (73 kg until 1961, 78 kg from 1961 on) and a trainer.	İsmail Ogan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ramon Sauló (born 12 February 1954) is a singer and graphic designer from Catalonia, Spain.	Ramon Sauló	Spain
country of citizenship	Katja Seizinger (born 10 May 1972) is a former alpine ski racer, the most successful alpine racer from Germany.	Katja Seizinger	Germany
country of citizenship	Shkëlzen Doli (born August the 9th, 1971 in Elbasan, Albania, and grew up in Gjakova, Kosovo) is an Albanian violinist.	Shkëlzen Doli	Albania
country of citizenship	Raymond Tshibanda (born November 20, 1950), is the President of the Liberal Christian Democrats Union, a political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Raymond Tshibanda	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Faouzi Kojmane better known by his stage name Zifou, (born in Sedan, Ardennes, France on 20 July 1992) is a French rapper of Moroccan origin signed to Universal Music France's Division AZ.	Zifou	France
country of citizenship	Jawad Dawood (born May 9, 1982 in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan) is a Pakistani Canadian cricketer currently playing for the Canada national cricket team.	Jawad Dawood	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Narendra Nayak (born 5 February 1951) is a notable rationalist, sceptic, and godman debunker from Mangalore, Karnataka, India.	Narendra Nayak	India
country of citizenship	Igor Astarloa Askasibar (born March 29, 1976 in Ermua, Basque Country) is a retired cyclist from Spain.	Igor Astarloa	Spain
country of citizenship	Laman Tun Sri Lanang, Kota Tinggi Perpustakaan Tun Seri Lanang, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia Tun Seri Lanang Secondary School, former Secondary school in Singapore	Tun Sri Lanang	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Phillipa Gray MNZM (born 16 February 1989 in Thames, New Zealand) is a New Zealand paralympic cyclist.	Phillipa Gray	New Zealand
country of citizenship	José Luis García-López was born on March 26, 1948 in Pontevedra, Spain, and lived subsequently in Argentina.	José Luis García-López	Spain
country of citizenship	Albert Vete (born 24 January 1993) is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League.	Albert Vete	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ásthildur Helgadóttir (born 9 May 1976) is an Icelandic former footballer who played club football in America and Sweden, as well as her native Iceland.	Ásthildur Helgadóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Lê Mai (1940 -- June 12, 1996) was a distinguished Vietnamese diplomat who served as a member of the Central Committee of the Vietnamese Communist Party and as Deputy Foreign Minister of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam until his death.	Lê Mai	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Thomas Larsson (born 1964 in Falun, Sweden) is a Swedish guitarist and song writer, perhaps most famous for his work with singer Glenn Hughes and with the band Baltimoore.	Thomas Larsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Around 207 BC, when rebellions broke out all over China to overthrow the Qin Dynasty, Zang Tu was sent to lead an army to assist rebel forces from the insurgent Zhao state, which were under attack by the Qin imperial army led by Zhang Han.	Zang Tu	China
country of citizenship	Josué Sánchez Cerron is a Peruvian painter born in Huancayo, Peru in 1945.	Josué Sánchez	Peru
country of citizenship	Volha Antonava (born 29 February 1992) is a track cyclist from Belarus.	Volha Antonava	Belarus
country of citizenship	Andrew Mewing (1981) is a former national-team swimmer from Australia.	Andrew Mewing	Australia
country of citizenship	One of five children, Francisco González Valer was born in Arcos de Jalón in the province of Soria, Spain.	Francisco González Valer	Spain
country of citizenship	According to the Records of the Grand Historian, Fu Buqi (Zijian) was born in 521 BC, 30 years younger than Confucius, He was from the State of Lu, Confucius' native state.	Fu Buqi	Lu
country of citizenship	Esther de Cáceres (1903 -- February 3, 1971) was a poet and writer from Uruguay.	Esther de Cáceres	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Israel Shamir (Russian: Исраэль Шамир; born 1947), also known by the names Jöran Jermas and Adam Ermash, is a citizen of Sweden and Russian writer and journalist.	Israel Shamir	Sweden
country of citizenship	Frank Laut (September 27, 1884 -- August 18, 1961) was a farmer and a provincial politician from Alberta, Canada.	Frank Laut	Canada
country of citizenship	Emma Tahmizian (* 13. December 1957, Plovdiv, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian pianist of Armenian descent living in the USA.	Emma Tahmizian	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Covarrubias Muñoz (born 1961), commonly known as Juan Covarrubias or sometimes El Copihue de cobre y El 10 de la zurda mágica, is a Chilean footballer was plays as Left midfielder in Chile's Primera División.	Juan Covarrubias	Chile
country of citizenship	Park Sung-hwa (Hangul: 박성화; born 7 May 1955) is a South Korea football manager and a retired football player.	Park Sung-hwa	South Korea
country of citizenship	Lampros Kontogiannis Gómez (Greek: Λάμπρος Κοντογιάννης Γκόμεζ; born 1 August 1988 in Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico) is a Greek-Mexican soccer player, who plays for Peruvian team FBC Melgar in the Torneo Descentralizado.	Lampros Kontogiannis	Mexico
country of citizenship	Alina Dumitru was decorated by the president of Romania, Traian Băsescu, with Medalia ``Meritul Sportiv'' -- (The Medal ``The Sportive Merit'') class III. She was given the award of Cetățean de onoare (``Honorary Citizen'') of her hometown Ploiești in 2008.	Alina Dumitru	Romania
country of citizenship	Derek Decamps aka Derek (born 2 May 1985 in Paris, France) is a French football player who plays in the Norwegian Tippeligaen for Sandnes Ulf.	Derek Decamps	France
country of citizenship	Caesar Roose (1886--1967) was a notable New Zealand ship owner and operator, flax and timber miller, businessman, entrepreneur, community leader, philanthropist.	Caesar Roose	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Margaret Abela (born 14 March 1949) is the wife of the 8th President of the Republic of Malta, George Abela and hence First Lady of Malta.	Margaret Abela	Malta
country of citizenship	Haruko Sagara (相楽 晴子, Sagara Haruko, born March 1, 1968 in Koriyama, Fukushima, Japan) is a Japanese actress and ex-idol singer in the 1980s.	Haruko Sagara	Japan
country of citizenship	Veli Lampi (born 18 July 1984), is a Finnish professional football Right back who plays for Finnish Veikkausliiga side HJK and represents Finland national team.	Veli Lampi	Finland
country of citizenship	Cyrus Hashemi (also spelled Hashimi; c.1942 - 21 July 1986) was an Iranian arms dealer linked to the Iran-Contra affair and October Surprise conspiracy theory.	Cyrus Hashemi	Iran
country of citizenship	Umar Sani (born January 25, 1963 in Kaduna, Kaduna State, Nigeria) is Senior Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to Vice President Namadi Sambo of Nigeria.	Umar Sani	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Pierre Mottron is a French singer and songwriter born 27 March 1987 in Tours France.	Pierre Mottron	France
country of citizenship	Bryan Termulo (born March 8, 1988 in Bocaue, Bulacan, Philippines) is a singer from the Philippines, who was the runner-up in Pinoy Pop Superstar Year 3.	Bryan Termulo	Philippines
country of citizenship	In early seventies Toni Iordache was arrested for possession of foreign currency, which was strictly forbidden in communist Romania.	Toni Iordache	Romania
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Gardner (born 4 September 1980 in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian freestyle skier	Elizabeth Gardner	Australia
country of citizenship	Mërgim Bajraktari (born 27 May 1993 in Basel, Switzerland) is an Albanian professional footballer who last played for Stade Nyonnais.	Mërgim Bajraktari	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Katerina Anghelaki-Rooke (born 1939, Athens, Greece) is a Greek poet.	Katerina Anghelaki-Rooke	Greece
country of citizenship	Brendon Winslow (born 30 August 1969) is a New Zealand rugby player of Croatian descent.	Brendon Winslow	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ella Bergmann-Michel (b. Paderborn, Germany in 1896, died 1971) was a German abstract artist, photographer and documentary filmmaker.	Ella Bergmann-Michel	Germany
country of citizenship	Benjamin Wong Tape OBE JP (Chinese: 黃炳耀, 26 December 1875 -- 16 June 1967) was a merchant in New Zealand and Hong Kong.	Wong Tape	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rosalie Marie Auguste Nitribitt (February 1, 1933 -- October 29, 1957), better known as Rosemarie Nitribitt, was a German luxury call girl whose violent death caused a scandal in the Germany of the Wirtschaftswunder years.	Rosemarie Nitribitt	Germany
country of citizenship	Franciszek Jarecki (born September 7, 1931 -- died October 24, 2010) was a pilot in the Polish Air Force, who became famous in early 1953 when he escaped Soviet-controlled Poland in a Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15 jet, one of the best Soviet planes at that time.	Franciszek Jarecki	Poland
country of citizenship	Nigel Roder is currently working throughout the United Kingdom as an entertainer both in his jester role and as a teacher of circus skills workshops.	Nigel Roder	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Kurt Gribl (born August 29, 1964 Augsburg, Germany) is the Mayor of Augsburg, Bavaria, an office he has held since May 1, 2008.	Kurt Gribl	Germany
country of citizenship	Stopira received his first call-up to the Cape Verde national team in May 2008, for a friendly with Luxembourg and a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Cameroon.	Stopira	Cape Verde
country of citizenship	Garry Lund is an association football player who represented New Zealand.	Garry Lund	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dr. Hossein Elahi Ghomshei was born on 4 January 1940 in Tehran, Iran.	Hossein Elahi Ghomshei	Iran
country of citizenship	Kim Kay's arguably most famous work is her dance single ``Lilali'', which was a hit in Europe, beyond Belgium and France, where she booked her overall greatest successes throughout her career.	Kim Kay	Belgium
country of citizenship	Kristian Valen (born 13 October 1974) is a comedian, actor, singer and songwriter originally from Stavanger, Norway.	Kristian Valen	Norway
country of citizenship	Thomas Troelsen (born 6 October 1981) is a singer, songwriter, and producer from Denmark.	Thomas Troelsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Mario Tosi (born 1942, Rome, Italy) is an Italian-American cinematographer and cameraman.	Mario Tosi	Italy
country of citizenship	Khairy Beshara (Arabic: خيري بشارة‎ pronounced (ˈxæjɾi beˈʃɑːɾɑ); b. June 30, 1947 in Tanta, Egypt) is an Egyptian film director active in the Egyptian film industry since the 1970s.	Khairy Beshara	Egypt
country of citizenship	Hüseyin Öztoprak is the Agriculture and Forestry Minister in the 20th Government of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus under Prime Minister Ferdi Sabit Soyer.	Hüseyin Öztoprak	Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
country of citizenship	Mahamat Kamoun (born 13 November 1961) is a Central African politician who is the Prime Minister of the Central African Republic, in an interim capacity, since 10 August 2014.	Mahamat Kamoun	Central African Republic
country of citizenship	Petar Stambolić (Serbian pronunciation: (pětar stambǒliːt͡ɕ); 12 July 1912 -- 21 September 2007) was a Yugoslav communist politician who served as the President of the Federal Executive Council (prime minister) of Yugoslavia from 1963 to 1967 and President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia from 1982 until 1983.	Petar Stambolić	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Mehmood Quraishy, born February 4, 1942, in Kenya, was a Kenyan cricketer who played three One day Internationals in the 1975 World Cup for East Africa.	Mehmood Quraishy	Kenya
country of citizenship	Maravarman Kulasekara Pandyan I (Tamil: முதலாம் மாறவர்மன் குலசேகர பாண்டியன்) was a Pandyan king, who ruled regions of South India between 1268--1308 CE. Though Sen states he ruled until 1310.	Maravarman Kulasekara Pandyan I	India
country of citizenship	Sylvie De Caluwé (born 1986) is a Belgian model and television presenter, born in 1986 in Torhout, Belgium.	Sylvie De Caluwé	Belgium
country of citizenship	Jason Hershey (born 1978 in Spokane, Washington), better known as O-Shen, is a reggae musician, raised in Papua New Guinea.	O-Shen	Papua New Guinea
country of citizenship	Siva Chandran (born 14 November 1983) is a Singaporean Film Editor who edited the Singapore feature Film Titled ``My Magic'' (Tamil).	Siva Chandran	Singapore
country of citizenship	Diego de Almagro was born and raised in Almagro, Ciudad Real, Spain.	Diego de Almagro	Spain
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Tassier is a graphic designer and publicity specialist from Mexico City, who has created a number of highly recognized logos and trademarks in Mexico.	Gonzalo Tassier	Mexico
country of citizenship	Born in Aurangabad, India, and raised in a musical family, SEQU3L developed an early interest in melody and rhythm.	SEQU3L	India
country of citizenship	Dejan Meleg has represented Serbia on various youth levels and currently plays for Serbia U19.	Dejan Meleg	Serbia
country of citizenship	Celso Morga Iruzubieta (born 28 January 1948 in Huércanos, La Rioja, Spain) is the current Coadjutor Archbishop of Mérida-Badajoz since his appointment on 8 October 2014.	Celso Morga Iruzubieta	Spain
country of citizenship	Barrister Mohammed Bello Adoke, Senior Advocate of Nigeria, (born 1 September 1963) was appointed Nigerian Attorney General and Minister of Justice on 6 April 2010, when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.	Mohammed Bello Adoke	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Herminia Ibarra (born 1970, The Habana, Cuba) is an economist and professor at INSEAD.	Herminia Ibarra	Cuba
country of citizenship	Pip Proud (Philip Proud, 1947--2010) was an Australian singer/songwriter, poet, novelist and dramatist whose idiosyncratic song-poems gained a cult following in Australia in the 1960s and around the world in the 1990s-2000s.	Pip Proud	Australia
country of citizenship	Paraskevas Nikiforos Diamandouros (Greek: Νικηφόρος Διαμαντούρος, Greek pronunciation: (niciˈforos ðʝamanˈduros)) (born June 25, 1942) is a Greek academic who was the first National Ombudsman of Greece from 1998 to 2003 and has been Ombudsman for the European Union from April 2003 to October 2013.	Nikiforos Diamandouros	Greece
country of citizenship	H. V. Hande (b. November 28, 1927 in Coimbatore, India) is an Indian medical practitioner and a politician.	H. V. Hande	India
country of citizenship	Amán Rawson (1792 - January 1847) was an American physician and merchant based in San Juan, Argentina, who was well known during the first half of the nineteenth century.	Amán Rawson	Argentina
country of citizenship	Patrick Joseph O'Kane (1884 -- 1970) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 8 September 1941 to 7 September 1948; and 8 September 1948 to 31 December 1950, when the Council was abolished.	Patrick Joseph O'Kane	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Magda Ianculescu was born in Iaşi, a city in the Moldavia region of Romania, and was educated at the Oltea Doamna secondary school there before entering the Bucharest Conservatory of Dramatic Art in 1947.	Magda Ianculescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Justin Vali ranks among the greatest living players of traditional Malagasy music on the valiha, a bamboo tube zither considered the national instrument of Madagascar.	Justin Vali	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Reza Mehmandoust (in Persian: رضا مهماندوست) is an Iranian Taekwondo player and the head coach of Iran's National Taekwondo team between (1997-2011).	Reza Mehmandoust	Iran
country of citizenship	Logan Howlett is the mayor of the City of Cockburn in Western Australia.	Logan Howlett	Australia
country of citizenship	Aurel Onciul (1864-1921) was a Romanian moderate political leader in the Austrian Bukovina, prior to its union with the Kingdom of Romania.	Aurel Onciul	Romania
country of citizenship	William Arthur Satchell (1861--1942) was a notable New Zealand orchardist, writer, stockbroker, novelist and accountant.	William Arthur Satchell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Syamsul Yusof (born 21 May 1984) is a Malaysian director and actor who often emerge through action-oriented films in Malaysia.	Syamsul Yusof	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Purushottam Das Tandon (Devanagri: पुरुषोत्तम दास टंडन pronunciation ) (1 August 1882 -- 1 July 1962), was a freedom fighter from Uttar Pradesh in India.	Purushottam Das Tandon	India
country of citizenship	Remzi Giray Kaçar (born 15 March 1985 in Karaman, Turkey) is a Turkish footballer who plays Centre back for TFF First League club Göztepe.	Giray Kaçar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Georg Johan De Besche (1754--1814), was a Swedish a courtier, colonel, governor and a favorite of Gustav III of Sweden.	Georg Johan De Besche	Sweden
country of citizenship	Snir Yamin is a singer-songwriter originally from Tel Aviv, Israel.	Snir Yamin	Israel
country of citizenship	Ramswaroop Verma (August 22, 1923 -- August 19, 1998), was in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Ramswaroop Verma	India
country of citizenship	Hector Begeo (born June 19, 1964) is a three-time Olympian representing the Philippines.	Hector Begeo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Imam Muhammad Ashafa is co-director with Pastor James Wuye of the Interfaith Mediation Center of the Muslim-Christian Dialogue in the Kaduna State, Northern Nigeria.	Muhammad Ashafa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Raymond Thompson is a New Zealand screenwriter, composer and producer.	Raymond Thompson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Theavy Mok (born April 3, 1963) is the first plastic surgeon in Cambodia.	Theavy Mok	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Sven Axbom (15 October 1926-15 April 2006) was a Swedish footballer who was capped on 31 occasions by Sweden between 1955 and 1960.	Sven Axbom	Sweden
country of citizenship	John Horne Blackmore (March 27, 1890 -- May 2, 1971), a school teacher and principal by training, was the first leader of what became the Social Credit Party of Canada, a political party in Canada that promoted the social credit theories of monetary reform.	John Horne Blackmore	Canada
country of citizenship	Dariusz Baranowski (born 22 June 1972 in Wałbrzych) is a professional racing cyclist from Poland.	Dariusz Baranowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Jens Keukeleire (born 23 November 1988 in Bruges, Belgium) is a professional road racing cyclist currently riding for UCI ProTeam Orica-GreenEDGE.	Jens Keukeleire	Belgium
country of citizenship	The South Korea national football team manager was first established in May 1948 with the appointment of Park Chung-hwi.	Park Chung-hwi	South Korea
country of citizenship	Hong Soo-hwan (Hangul: 홍수환) (born May 26, 1950 in Seoul, South Korea) is a retired boxer from South Korea.	Hong Soo-hwan	South Korea
country of citizenship	Elena Keldibekova (born June 23, 1974 in Almaty, Kazakhstan, USSR) is a Peruvian volleyball player who plays as setter for the Peruvian national team.	Elena Keldibekova	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Gilberto Andrés Romero Pino (born November 16, 1948 in Havana, Cuba), is a self-taught Cuban artist specializing in humorous drawings and paintings.	Gilberto Andrés Romero Pino	Cuba
country of citizenship	Jamshed Akhtar (born 1947, Faizabad, India) is an Indian writer and researcher.	Jamshed Akhtar	India
country of citizenship	Trần Hưng Đạo (1228--1300) was the Supreme Commander of Vietnam during the Trần Dynasty.	Trần Hưng Đạo	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Talbert Monsell Forrest (born 10 October 1923) is a Jamaican politician, born in Springfield, St. Mary, Jamaica.	Talbert Monsell Forrest	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Jérôme Inzerillo (born 15 February 1990 in Marseille) is a junior tennis player from France.	Jérôme Inzerillo	France
country of citizenship	Fluent Form has toured Australia, supporting international artists including Ghostface Killah, Ill Bill, Chino XL, Masta Ace and DJ Premier.	Fluent Form	Australia
country of citizenship	Jorge Speranza (August 25, 1958, Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former soccer player.	Jorge Speranza	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Johan Eliasch, born in Sweden in 1962, is the Chairman and CEO of Head N.V., the global sporting goods group, and is the former Special Representative of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.	Johan Eliasch	Sweden
country of citizenship	Gualberto Villarroel López (December 15, 1908 -- July 21, 1946) was the head of state of Bolivia from December 20, 1943 to July 21, 1946.	Gualberto Villarroel	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Ali Al Saadi (born 20 April 1986 in Lebanon) is a Lebanese football player who currently is a Safa Sporting Club in the Lebanese Premier League and the Lebanon national football team.	Ali Al Saadi	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Joe Ah Chan (Chan Hock Joe) (1882--14 December 1959) was a New Zealand greengrocer, horticulturist and wine-maker.	Joe Ah Chan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michael Yonting (born January 5, 1970 in Pangasinan, Philippines), more popularly known as Mitoy Yonting, is a Filipino singer, comedian, and lead vocalist for his band, The Draybers.	Mitoy Yonting	Philippines
country of citizenship	Annie Collins is a film editor from New Zealand, best known for her work on The Return of the King.	Annie Collins	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tom Cosm is an electronic musician and educator based in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Tom Cosm	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Elin Grindemyr (born February 7, 1983, Norrköping) is a model from Sweden.	Elin Grindemyr	Sweden
country of citizenship	Cecilia Echenique is a singer of Chile.	Cecilia Echenique	Chile
country of citizenship	William Robert Murray (25 April 1896--31 March 1990) was a notable New Zealand labourer, policeman and unionist.	William Robert Murray	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Reinis Nitišs (born 16 December 1995) is a rallycross driver from Jēkabpils, Latvia.	Reinis Nitišs	Latvia
country of citizenship	Janneke Jonkman (born Leiderdorp, Netherlands 20 January 1978) is a Dutch writer.	Janneke Jonkman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Isabelle de Charrière (20 October 1740 -- 27 December 1805), known as Belle van Zuylen in the Netherlands, née Isabella Agneta Elisabeth van Tuyll van Serooskerken, and (Madame) Isabelle de Charrière elsewhere, was a Dutch writer of the Enlightenment who lived the latter half of her life in Switzerland.	Isabelle de Charrière	Netherlands	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Lazarus Tembo was one of Zambia's most popular singers.	Lazarus Tembo	Zambia
country of citizenship	Khaled al-Johani (also al-Jehani, Arabic: خالد الجهني, born 1969/1970 (age 45--46)) is a teacher of religious instruction in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.	Khaled al-Johani	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Morganics started performing in Sydney in 1984 and was a member of Metabass'n'Breath who toured in Australia and America.	Morganics	Australia
country of citizenship	Goran Petrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Горан Петровић, pronounced (ɡǒran pětroʋitɕ)) (born in 1961 in Kraljevo, Serbia) is one of the most significant and most widely read among contemporary Serbian writers.	Goran Petrović	Serbia
country of citizenship	George Wilberforce Kakoma (27 July 1923 -- 8 April 2012) was a graduate of Trinity College of Music and Durham University who composed ``Oh Uganda, Land of Beauty'', Uganda's national anthem.	George Wilberforce Kakoma	Uganda
country of citizenship	John Henry Howell (31 October 1869 -- 20 June 1944) was a New Zealand technical college principal and Quaker.	John Henry Howell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Raymond Steele Hall (born 30 November 1928) was the 36th Premier of South Australia 1968-70, a senator for South Australia 1974-77, and federal member for the Division of Boothby 1981-96.	Steele Hall	Australia
country of citizenship	Dylan Andrews (born 15 November 1979) is a mixed martial artist from New Zealand who formerly competed as a Middleweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Dylan Andrews	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ismael Laguna Meneses (born June 28, 1943, in Colón, Panama) is a former professional boxer.He is one of 8 children.	Ismael Laguna	Panama
country of citizenship	David Verdú López (born 25 September 1988 in Silla, Valencia, Spain) is a Spanish footballer who last played for AEL in the Greek Football League as a Centre Forward.	David Verdú	Spain
country of citizenship	Aurélie Resch is an author, travel writer and filmmaker from Toronto, Canada.	Aurélie Resch	Canada
country of citizenship	Luis Carlos Ugalde Ramírez (born 1966 in Mexico City) is a Mexican scholar who served as president of the Federal Electoral Institute from 2003 to 2007.	Luis Carlos Ugalde	Mexico
country of citizenship	Chun Chil-sung (Hangul: 전칠성, Hanja: 全七星; born July 7, 1961 in Sinan, Jeollanam-do, South Korea) is a retired South Korean boxer.	Chun Chil-sung	South Korea
country of citizenship	George Darling, Baron Darling of Hillsborough, PC (20 July 1905--18 October 1985) was a politician in the United Kingdom.	George Darling	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Following his abitur (1972) at the Geschwister-Scholl Gymnasium in Daun, Germany and military service, Rudi Balling studied Food Science from 1974 to 1980 at the University of Bonn, Germany and at the Washington State University in Pullman, USA.	Rudi Balling	Germany
country of citizenship	Reza Nasseri Aghchay (Persian: رضا ناصری آقچای‎, born 16 September 1975 in, Iran) is an Iranian futsal player.	Reza Nasseri	Iran
country of citizenship	Keith Edward Bullen FRS (29 June 1906 -- 23 September 1976) was a New Zealand-born mathematician and geophysicist.	Keith Edward Bullen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mandy-Rae Cruickshank (born May 10, 1974, in Canada) is a world champion free-diver and record-holder from Vancouver, British Columbia.	Mandy-Rae Cruickshank	Canada
country of citizenship	Edward Elworthy (1836--22 January 1899) was a New Zealand farmer and businessman.	Edward Elworthy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Holly Cole (born November 25, 1963) is a Canadian jazz singer, particularly popular in Canada and Japan for both her versatile and distinctive voice, along with her adventurous repertoire, which spans such divergent genres as show tunes, rock, and country music.	Holly Cole	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in Morzewiec, a small village in north-central Poland, 14 km from the country's 8th largest city, Bydgoszcz, Zygmunt Szkopiak was 12 at the time of the September 1939 German invasion of Poland.	Zygmunt Szkopiak	Poland
country of citizenship	Antoine Konrad (born 23 June 1975 in Sissach, Basel-Landschaft), better known as DJ Antoine, is a well-known Swiss house and electro DJ and producer, from Basel, Switzerland.	DJ Antoine	Switzerland
country of citizenship	The origins of the Lavazza firm go back to 1895, when Luigi Lavazza purchased a little grocery store, Paissa Olivero, in the old commercial section of Turin (Northern Italy).	Luigi Lavazza	Italy
country of citizenship	Belinda Wollaston (born 1983 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian musical theatre actor.	Belinda Wollaston	Australia
country of citizenship	Yerdos Zhanabergenov (Kazakh: Ердос Жаңабергенов) is an amateur boxer from Kazakhstan, best known for winning the light heavyweight title at the 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships.	Yerdos Zhanabergenov	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Ro Tu-chol (born 1953) is vice-premier of North Korea's cabinet.	Ro Tu-chol	North Korea
country of citizenship	Mojca Suhadolc (born January 7, 1975 in Vrhnika, SR Slovenia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Slovenian alpine skier.	Mojca Suhadolc	Slovenia
country of citizenship	José María Orellana Pinto (July 11, 1872 - September 26, 1926) was a political and military leader in Guatemala.	José María Orellana	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Willi Frommelt (born 18 November 1952) is a former Alpine skier from Liechtenstein who won a bronze medal in the slalom at the 1976 Olympics.	Willi Frommelt	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Arturo Chávez Chávez (born 4 September 1960) is a Mexican prosecutor who served as Attorney General of Mexico in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón from 24 September 2009 until 31 March 2011.	Arturo Chávez Chávez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kostas Tournas (Greek: Κώστας Τουρνάς) (born 23 September 1949, Tripoli, Greece) is one of the pioneers of modern Greek rock.	Kostas Tournas	Greece
country of citizenship	Eitan Tibi (or Eytan Tibi, Hebrew: איתן טיבי‎; born 16 November 1987 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a Central Defender for Israeli Premier League club Maccabi Tel Aviv and the Israel national team.	Eitan Tibi	Israel
country of citizenship	André Pochan (born in 1891 in Fourmies in the north of France -?) was a French physicist and mathematician and Egyptology enthusiast.	André Pochan	France
country of citizenship	Kyla Cole was born in Prešov, Czechoslovakia (present Slovakia), and was her parents' first-born child.	Kyla Cole	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Pál Lakatos (born 7 June 1968 in Vásárosnamény) is a retired boxer from Hungary, who represented his native country at two Summer Olympics: in 1992 (Barcelona, Spain) and 2000 (Sydney, Australia).	Pál Lakatos	Hungary
country of citizenship	Karl Ivanovich Weber (also Carl von Waeber; Russian: Карл Иванович Вебер, 17 June (O.S. 5 June) 1841 -- 8 January 1910) was a diplomat of the Russian Empire and a personal friend to King Gojong of Korea's Joseon Dynasty.	Karl Ivanovich Weber	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Cláudio Manuel da Costa (June 4, 1729 -- July 4, 1789) was a Brazilian poet and musician, considered to be the introducer of Neoclassicism in Brazil.	Cláudio Manuel da Costa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Nuno Gonçalves was a 15th-century Portuguese court painter for King Afonso V of Portugal.	Nuno Gonçalves	Portugal
country of citizenship	Fatih Ahıskalı (born 1976 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a member of the prominent Turkish band Yeni Türkü ``New Türkü''.	Fatih Ahıskalı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Angelito Castro Anzures popularly known as Lito Anzures (born 22 February 1927 in Santa Ines, Bulacan, Philippines - 1995) was a Filipino actor.	Lito Anzures	Philippines
country of citizenship	David Henry Jr. is a merchant banker and industrialist heir of the Henry Family of New Zealand.	David Henry Jr.	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ibirapuera Park (Portuguese: Parque Ibirapuera) is a major urban park in São Paulo, Brazil.	Ibirapuera Park	Brazil
country of citizenship	His paintings were not publicized too widely outside Bohemia, but many of them are still available, and Mikoláš Aleš is regarded as one of the Czech Republic's greatest artists.	Mikoláš Aleš	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Ahmed Noori, aka Abu Raihan Ahmed Noori, was a prominent writer and journalist who belonged to the Beary community of Mangalore in Dakshina Kannada in South India.	Ahmed Noori	India
country of citizenship	Per the tradition of masked wrestlers in Mexico, Super's real name and identity has not yet been revealed Super Muñeco is the son of deceased professional wrestler El Sanguinario (the Bloodthirsty) and initially worked as ``Sanguinario, Jr.'' before changing his ring persona to Super Muñeco.	Super Muñeco	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mehr Chand Mahajan (born December 23, 1889, Tika Nagrota, Kangra district--1967) was the third Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of India.	Mehr Chand Mahajan	India
country of citizenship	Julio César Ceja Pedraza (born November 18, 1992 in Tlalnepantla, State of Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer who is currently the WBC Super Bantamweight champion.	Julio César Ceja Pedraza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Olajide Aluko was a Nigerian scholar who mostly favored Hans Morgenthau's view of realistic foreign policy in his studies of Nigeria and Africa's foreign policy.	Olajide Aluko	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Gedeon Burkhard was born in Munich, Germany, the son of German actress Elisabeth von Molo (then Burkhard) and Wolfgang Burkhard, a great-grandson of Aleksandër Moisiu, a famous Italo-Austro-Albanian actor of the 20th century.	Gedeon Burkhard	Germany
country of citizenship	Cesare Maria Tapparone-Canefri (1838- 6 August 1891, Quattordio, Italy) was an Italian malacologist.	Cesare Maria Tapparone-Canefri	Italy
country of citizenship	Jean-Baptiste Vietty found a place among the scholars and artists of the Institut de France's Morea Expedition in 1829.	Jean-Baptiste Vietty	France
country of citizenship	Henry Buckley, Jr. aka Sadiki previously known as Pancho Kryztal (born 17 November 1971, Kingston, Jamaica), is a Jamaican-American singer, songwriter and producer.	Sadiki	Jamaica
country of citizenship	José Maria Vasconcelos, popularly known by his nom de guerre Taur Matan Ruak (Tetum for ``Two Sharp Eyes'') (born 10 October 1956) is an East Timorese politician who has been President of East Timor since 20 May 2012.	Taur Matan Ruak	East Timor
country of citizenship	Colonel Mohamed Bacar (born May 5, 1962 in Barakani, Anjouan, then a French colony) was President of Anjouan, one of the three autonomous islands that make up the Union of the Comoros, from 2001 to 2008.	Mohamed Bacar	Comoros
country of citizenship	Maxine Seear (born 18 December 1984 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is an athlete from Australia, who competes in triathlons.	Maxine Seear	Australia
country of citizenship	Mauro Montalbetti (born 11 October 1969 in Brescia, Italy) is an Italian composer.	Mauro Montalbetti	Italy
country of citizenship	John Bentham Neales (13 June 1806 -- 31 July 1873), frequently referred to as ``J. Bentham Neales'' or ``Bentham Neales'', was a businessman and politician in the early days of South Australia, by some regarded as the ``Father of Mining in South Australia''.	John Bentham Neales	Australia
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Tjeknavorian (born April 22, 1995 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian violinist of Armenian origin.	Emmanuel Tjeknavorian	Austria
country of citizenship	Witold Hatka (June 25, 1939 -- November 13, 2010) was a Polish politician who was a Member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland twice (2001--05, 2005--07).	Witold Hatka	Poland
country of citizenship	Alison Bruce (born 1962) is a New Zealand television and movie actress, who starred in 1999 feature Magik and Rose.	Alison Bruce	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Akinlabi Olasunkanmi (born March 1956), is a businessman, appointed as Minister responsible for Youth Development in the cabinet of President Umaru Yar'Adua of Nigeria.	Akinlabi Olasunkanmi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Herschel Hardin (born 1936) is a British Columbia-based writer, playwright, commentator and political activist and consultant best known for having contested the leadership of the New Democratic Party of Canada in 1995.	Herschel Hardin	Canada
country of citizenship	Aline Barros Kistenmacker dos Santos (Rio de Janeiro, October 7, 1976), better known as Aline Barros is a gospel music singer, songwriter, presenter and manager in Brazil, winning 11 Trofeu Talento, six Latin Grammy, a Dove Awards and a Brazilian International Press Award.	Aline Barros	Brazil
country of citizenship	Anubhav Anand wrote the script of Perfect Mismatch and came down to India to set up his own production company Xperience Film, LLC. He trained under Roshan Taneja in Mumbai and will be seen as the lead in the movie Perfect Mismatch (2009), which also stars Anupam Kher and Boman Irani.	Anubhav Anand	India
country of citizenship	Best recording of a concert or stage performance (opera, operetta, ballet, dance, musical), Magdalena Kožená and Thierry Gregoire, Česká televize, Brno Television Studio, Czech Republic 2003 title of Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French Government 2004 Gramophone Awards Artist of the Year	Magdalena Kožená	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Chris Else (born 1942) is the New Zealand author of novels, collections of short stories, and poems.	Chris Else	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Malik Ghulam Yasin Chhina (1941--2008) was an Pakistan Muslim Lawyer and Social Worker.	Malik Ghulam Yasin Chhina	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Kenneth Bron (born 1 November 1961), also known as Kenny B, is a Surinamese reggae singer who lives in the Netherlands.	Kenneth Bron	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mohan Rawale (born 9 December 1948) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Mohan Rawale	India
country of citizenship	Carla Rahal is mostly known for her roles in the ``National Theater of Bulgaria''.	Carla Rahal	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Ross Skiffington is a New Zealand-born Australian magician, actor, and theatre director, who has received two lifetime achievement awards for his contributions to magic.	Ross Skiffington	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Raja Awadhesh Singh (died 1933) was ruler of Kalakankar princely state of Oudh of British India, succeeded by Raja Ramesh Singh.	Raja Awadhesh Singh	India
country of citizenship	Stoian Stelian (born 1 February 1965) is a Romanian diplomat and is currently the Permanent Representative of Romania to NATO.	Stoian Stelian	Romania
country of citizenship	Maurice Paquin, (born in June 1947 in Dauphin, Manitoba, Canada), is a Franco-Manitoban comedian and singer.	Maurice Paquin	Canada
country of citizenship	Carlos Durán Cartín, an accomplished doctor of medicine who had trained in London, was acting President of Costa Rica for a period of six months from 1889 to 1890, during the administration of President Bernardo Soto, who never resigned but didn't come back to office until the end of his term.	Carlos Durán Cartín	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Anna Leopoldovna (Russian: А́нна Леопо́льдовна; 18 December 1718 -- 19 March 1746), born as Elisabeth Katharina Christine von Mecklenburg-Schwerin and also known as Anna Carlovna (А́нна Ка́рловна), was regent of Russia for a few months in 1740 and 1741 during the minority of her infant son Emperor Ivan VI.	Anna Leopoldovna	Russia
country of citizenship	Spiros Antoniou (Greek: Σπύρος Αντωνίου; born October 24, 1973 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek heavy metal singer, bassist, and visual artist best known for his work with Greek symphonic death metal band Septicflesh.	Spiros Antoniou	Greece
country of citizenship	Gauthier de Tessières (born 9 November 1981) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from France, and has competed in two Winter Olympics and five World Championships.	Gauthier de Tessières	France
country of citizenship	Peter of Eboli also wrote a didactic poem, De Balneis Puteolanis (``The Baths of Pozzuoli'') that is the first widely distributed guidebook to thermal baths, a weapon in the local economic rivalries that arose over healing, medicinal bathing and the medieval tourist industry in southern Italy during the High Middle Ages.	Peter of Eboli	Italy
country of citizenship	Jennifer Jessica Martínez Fernández better known as India Martínez (born in Córdoba, Andalusia, Spain, on 13 October 1985) is a Spanish singer.	India Martínez	Spain
country of citizenship	Chandima Weerakkody MP (23 May 1968) is Sri Lanka's Cabinet Minister of Petroleum & Petroleum Gas in 15th Parliament of Sri Lanka and Member of Parliament representing the Galle District.	Chandima Weerakkody	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Anand Ramlogan SC (born 1972) was Attorney-General of Trinidad and Tobago.	Anand Ramlogan	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Wing Commander Muktar Muhammed was the military governor of Kaduna State, Nigeria from July 1978 to October 1979 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo.	Muktar Muhammed	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Martin Viiask (born April 27, 1983 in Tartu, Estonia) is an Estonian professional basketballer.	Martin Viiask	Estonia
country of citizenship	Sugathakumari (born 22 January 1934) is an Indian poet and activist, who has been at the forefront of environmental and feminist movements in Kerala, South India.	Sugathakumari	India
country of citizenship	Arome Bigabwa (born 30 March 1952) is a Congolese politician and Member of the National Assembly of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Arome Bigabwa	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Katip Şadi (born 1932, Derekuşçulu, Görele, Giresun Province, Turkey) is a kemençe player from the Eastern Black Sea Region in Turkey.	Katip Şadi	Turkey
country of citizenship	General Yaşar Büyükanıt was born in Istanbul, Turkey on 1 September 1940.	Yaşar Büyükanıt	Turkey
country of citizenship	Odoardo Di Santo (born June 25, 1934) is a politician and administrator in Ontario, Canada.	Odoardo Di Santo	Canada
country of citizenship	Konrad Öttinger (born Pforzheim, Germany; date and place of death unknown) was a Reformation era German Lutheran pastor, since 1530 domestic chaplain of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse.	Konrad Öttinger	Germany
country of citizenship	Tasso Marchini (22 June 1907, Belgrade -- 19 October 1936, Arco di Trento) was a Modernist painter of mixed parentage, who spent most of his short life in Romania.	Tasso Marchini	Romania
country of citizenship	David Kidwell (born 23 April 1977 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league coach and former player.	David Kidwell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	A. Vellayan (born 9 January 1953, Chennai) is a member of the Murugappa family and the Executive Chairman of the Murugappa Group based in Chennai, India.	A. Vellayan	India
country of citizenship	Marzena Komsta was born in Gdynia, Poland, and studied composition at the S. Moniuszko Academy of Music in Gdańsk and at the F. Chopin Academy of Music in Warsaw under W. Kotonski and Z. Baginski.	Marzena Komsta	Poland
country of citizenship	Muhammad ibn Ibrahim Al ash-Sheikh (1893--1969) was the Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia, or highest religious authority in the country, from 1953 to his death in 1969.	Muhammad ibn Ibrahim Al ash-Sheikh	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Paul Chua (born Singapore September 2, 1941) is an internationally renowned bodybuilding official.	Paul Chua	Singapore
country of citizenship	Mohammad Yamin (1903 -- October 17, 1962) was born in Talawi, Sawahlunto, in the heartland of the Minangkabau on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Mohammad Yamin	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Teihorangi Walden (born 25 May 1993) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a second five-eighth for Otago in the ITM Cup.	Teihorangi Walden	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Randal Mathews Burdon (4 August 1896 -- 29 November 1965) was a New Zealand soldier, sheepfarmer and historian.	Randal Mathews Burdon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dursun Sevinç (born March 16, 1972 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish weightlifter competing in the --85 kg division.	Dursun Sevinç	Turkey
country of citizenship	Raúl Régulo Quirino Garza (1982 -- 6 January 2012), a Mexican journalist for the La Última Palabra (Translated: ``The Last Word'') and an employee of the Social Development Ministry in Nuevo Leon, Mexico, was murdered in Cadereyta Jiménez.	Raúl Régulo Quirino	Mexico
country of citizenship	Robert Wolfgang Schnell was born in Barmen, Germany, into a middle-class family; his father was a bank clerk.	Robert Wolfgang Schnell	Germany
country of citizenship	Willy Rey (born Wilhelmina Rietveld on 25 August 1949 in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, died 13 August 1973 in Vancouver, British Columbia) was a Dutch-Canadian model.	Willy Rey	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Gustavo Bergalli moved abroad to Stockholm in 1975, Sweden, where he became one of the most considered and reputed musicians on trumpet in Scandinavia.	Gustavo Bergalli	Sweden
country of citizenship	Simone Osygus (born 30 September 1968 in Wuppertal, Nordrhein-Westfalen) is a former freestyle swimmer from Germany, who won two silver medals and two bronze medals at the Summer Olympics.	Simone Osygus	Germany
country of citizenship	Boel Flodgren (née Ohlsson), born 17 November 1942 in Örebro, Sweden, is a Swedish professor of business law.	Boel Flodgren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Arno Paduch (*Hattersheim, Germany) is a German cornetto player.	Arno Paduch	Germany
country of citizenship	Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui (born 1940 in Remscheid) is an emeritus Professor of German Literature at the Jean Monnet University, France, and essayist.	Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui	France
country of citizenship	Michael Fietz (born November 13, 1967 in Bochum, Germany) is a long-distance runner.	Michael Fietz	Germany
country of citizenship	Cloé Madanes studied psychology in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Cloé Madanes	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jens Hermansson Juel or Jens Juel (born January 8, 1580 at Refstrup, died March 26, 1634 at Bøvling) was a Danish nobleman who served as Governor-general of Norway from 1618 to 1629.	Jens Hermansson Juel	Norway
country of citizenship	Omar Blondahl, (6 February 1923 -- 11 December 1993), also known as ``Sagebrush Sam'', was a musician who became fascinated with the largely unrecorded folk songs of Newfoundland, Canada, and became famous for popularizing them.	Omar Blondahl	Canada
country of citizenship	Arno Mohr was born in Posen which at that time was in Germany.	Arno Mohr	Germany
country of citizenship	Mykola Musiyenko (born 16 December 1959) is a retired triple jumper who represented the USSR and later Ukraine.	Mykola Musiyenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Arletty was imprisoned in 1945 for her wartime liaison with a German Luftwaffe officer, Hans-Jürgen Soehring, during the occupation of France.	Arletty	France
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Díaz was born in Mendoza, Argentina, where he began his professional career with local club Godoy Cruz in 2008 at the age of 18.	Gonzalo Díaz	Argentina
country of citizenship	Alexander Gurning (born 1973, Belgium) is a Belgian pianist, composer and improviser.	Alexander Gurning	Belgium
country of citizenship	Lars Thylander buys, sells, and manages property in Denmark and Germany through the Thylander Group.	Lars Thylander	Denmark
country of citizenship	Tan Chui Mui (Chinese: 陈翠梅; pinyin: Chén Cuìméi; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Chhùi-mûi, born 1978) is a Malaysian filmmaker based in Malaysia.	Tan Chui Mui	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Kamaliya is also involved in charity projects in Ukraine and Pakistan.	Kamaliya	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Francisco Ferrera (29 January 1794 -- 10 April 1851) was a president of Honduras.	Francisco Ferrera	Honduras
country of citizenship	Mohammad Shajari (Persian: محمد شجری‎‎, born 30 August 1991 in Saveh, Iran) is an Iranian futsal player.	Mohammad Shajari	Iran
country of citizenship	Tatum Keshwar (born 14 December 1983) is a South African fashion model who was crowned Miss South Africa 2008.	Tatum Keshwar	South Africa
country of citizenship	Born Johann Andreas Dippel in Kassel, Germany, he initially trained for a banking career there, but also studied singing.	Andreas Dippel	Germany
country of citizenship	Kim Herold (born 1979) is a Finland-Swedish model and singer-songwriter.	Kim Herold	Finland
country of citizenship	Álvaro Gil Cabral (1335-1433) was a Portuguese nobleman, Lord of Belmonte, and Azurara, Alcaide of Guarda, Portugal between 1383-1399.	Álvaro Gil Cabral	Portugal
country of citizenship	Yakub Khan Mehboob Khan, known as Yakub, was an Indian Hindi film actor born into a Pathan family in 1904 in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Yakub Khan Mehboob Khan	India
country of citizenship	Auguste Manga Ndumbe Bell (1851 -- September 2, 1908) was a leader of the Duala people of southern Cameroon from 1897 to 1908 during the period after the German colonialists assumed control of the region as the Kamerun colony.	Manga Ndumbe Bell	Cameroon
country of citizenship	In 2011, his company FR-EE Fernando Romero Enterprise received international recognition for the construction of the Soumaya Museum in Mexico City.	Fernando Romero	Mexico
country of citizenship	Annie Rupani (Sindhi: عيني روپاڻِي‎), was crowned Miss Pakistan World 2010 on 20 August 2010.	Annie Rupani	Pakistan
country of citizenship	William Rose Bock (5 January 1847 -- 3 August 1932) was a New Zealand engraver, medal designer, illuminator, stamp designer, lithographer and publisher.	William Rose Bock	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Richard Eden (October 14, 1859 -- after 1917) was a financial agent and politician in Ontario, Canada.	John Richard Eden	Canada
country of citizenship	Joëlle Ceccaldi-Raynaud (born February 9, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France (parliament).	Joëlle Ceccaldi-Raynaud	France
country of citizenship	Mario Lanfranchi (born Parma, Italy, June 30, 1927) is an Italian film, theatre and television director, screenwriter, producer, collector and actor.	Mario Lanfranchi	Italy
country of citizenship	Theodor Koch (13 May 1905 -- 21 October 1976) was a German engineer and weapons manufacturer, born in Stuttgart-Zuffenhausen, Germany.	Theodor Koch	Germany
country of citizenship	Maria Fernandes (born 27 April 1969) is a Paralympic athlete from Portugal.	Maria Fernandes	Portugal
country of citizenship	Dipak C. Jain is the Director (Dean) of Sasin Graduate Institute of Business Administration of Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok, Thailand.	Dipak C. Jain	Thailand
country of citizenship	Ronald Sinclair (21 January 1924 -- 22 November 1992), born Richard Arthur Hould and sometimes credited as Ra Hould or Ron Sinclair, was a child actor from New Zealand, turned film editor.	Ronald Sinclair	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mwami Mutaga III Senyamwiza Mutamo was the king of Burundi from 1739 to 1767.	Mwami Mutaga III Senyamwiza Mutamo	Burundi
country of citizenship	Lothar Schmid played for West Germany at eleven Chess Olympiads.	Lothar Schmid	Germany
country of citizenship	Mariano Abarca Roblero (1958--2009) was a community activist known and admired for leading opposition against mining by the Company Blackfire Exploration in his community of Chicomuselo in the state of Chiapas in Southern Mexico.	Mariano Abarca	Mexico
country of citizenship	Aluf (res.) Yossi Ben Hanan (Hebrew: יוסי בן-חנן‎) was born in Jerusalem, Israel, in 1945.	Yossi Ben Hanan	Israel
country of citizenship	Jitka Bartoničková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪtka ˈbartoɲɪtʃkovaː); born on the 22 December 1985) is a sprinter from Czech Republic.	Jitka Bartoničková	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Heinz Steinberger (born February 14, 1958) is a former ice speed skater from Austria, who represented his native country in two Winter Olympics (1976 in Innsbruck and 1984 in Sarajevo).	Heinz Steinberger	Austria
country of citizenship	Noel Rowe (20 June 1951 - 11 July 2007) was a poet who lived in Sydney, Australia, and was Senior Lecturer in Australian Literature at the University of Sydney where he was also awarded the University Medal (1984) and doctorate (1989).	Noel Rowe	Australia
country of citizenship	Harry Tañamor (born August 20, 1977) is an amateur boxer from Zamboanga City, Philippines best known to medal repeatedly on the world stage at light flyweight.	Harry Tañamor	Philippines
country of citizenship	Recep Altepe, (born 1959, Bursa, Turkey) is a Turkish politician and the current mayor of Bursa.	Recep Altepe	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ronney Abramson was born in Paris, but in her early childhood moved to Canada and grew up in Montreal.	Ronney Abramson	Canada
country of citizenship	Laurent Menager (1835--1902) was a Luxembourg composer, choirmaster, organist and conductor who is often referred to as Luxembourg's national composer.	Laurent Menager	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	B. Sasikumar is a noted Carnatic music violinist, musician, teacher, composer and writer from Kerala, South India.	B. Sasikumar	India
country of citizenship	Henry O (simplified Chinese: 区亨利; traditional Chinese: 區亨利; pinyin: Ōu Hēnglì) is an actor from China.	Henry O	China
country of citizenship	Inés Remersaro (born December 2, 1992) is an Olympic backstroke swimmer from Uruguay.	Inés Remersaro	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Evgenios Spatharis (Greek: Ευγένιος Σπαθάρης; January 2, 1924 -- May 9, 2009) was the most prominent shadow theatre artist in Greece.	Evgenios Spatharis	Greece
country of citizenship	Giulio ``Julyo'' D'Agostino (born in Genoa, Italy on December 14, 1978) is an Italian guitarist, songwriter, producer, VJ and DJ of Italian origin who has several International Awards for his film scoring work.	Julyo	Italy
country of citizenship	Fuad Guliyev Khalil oglu (Azerbaijani: Fuad Quliyev Xəlil oğlu), (born 6 July 1941), was the 7th Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.	Fuad Guliyev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	James Basil Wilkie Roberton (1896--1996) was a New Zealand soldier, doctor, historian and writer.	James Basil Wilkie Roberton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Einars Repše (born 9 December 1961 in Jelgava, Latvia) is a Latvian politician, chairman of the Association for Latvian Development.	Einars Repše	Latvia
country of citizenship	Edgar Wrigley was a New Zealand rugby footballer who represented his country in both rugby union and rugby league.	Edgar Wrigley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alhaji Yusuf Sulaiman (or Suleiman) (born 30 January 1963) is a member of the traditional ruling family of the Sokoto Caliphate who was a civil servant before entering politics in Nigeria.	Yusuf Sulaiman	Nigeria
country of citizenship	On a grant from the India Foundation for the Arts, IFA, Kamal Swaroop began tracing the life of Dadasaheb Phalke through workshops all over the country.	Kamal Swaroop	India
country of citizenship	Mortiis is a band from Notodden, Norway fronted by Håvard Ellefsen, who is also known as the namesake of the band.	Mortiis	Norway
country of citizenship	Janusz Żurakowski (12 September 1914 -- 9 February 2004) was a Polish fighter and test pilot, who, at various times, lived and worked in Poland, the United Kingdom, and Canada.	Janusz Żurakowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Sandra Vinces (born May 24th, 1990) in Portoviejo, Ecuador.	Sandra Vinces	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Dino Piero Giarda (born 9 December 1936) is Italy's Minister without portfolio for Relations with Parliament and Platform Accomplishment in the Monti Cabinet.	Dino Piero Giarda	Italy
country of citizenship	Dabboo Ratnani is a leading Indian fashion photographer, known for his annual calendar which has become a highly notable showbiz event in India since its first publication in 1999.	Dabboo Ratnani	India
country of citizenship	Daniel Ballart Sans (born March 17, 1973 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a water polo player from Spain.	Daniel Ballart	Spain
country of citizenship	Benjamín González (12 April 1958 -- 6 June 2011) was an athlete from Spain.	Benjamín González	Spain
country of citizenship	François-Marie Le Marchand de Lignery (24 August 1703 -- 29 July 1759) was a colonial military leader in the French province of Canada.	François-Marie Le Marchand de Lignery	Canada
country of citizenship	Matvei Vaisberg is the only son of Semion Vaisberg, a chess trainer, and Shelly Harzman, an art historian; a grandson of the poet Matvey Harzman (Motl Harzman) on his mother's side and Berta J. Vaisberg, a seven-time Ukraine Champion in chess, on his father's.	Matvei Vaisberg	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Eero Peltonen (born 22 December 1986 in Nurmijärvi, Finland) is a football striker.	Eero Peltonen	Finland
country of citizenship	His eponymous Grupo Juan Bautista Soler creates large apartment buildings and residential developments in Southern Spain.	Juan Bautista Soler	Spain
country of citizenship	Pedro Joaquín Chamorro Cardenal (23 September 1924 Granada, Nicaragua -- 10 January 1978 Managua) was a Nicaraguan journalist and publisher.	Pedro Joaquín Chamorro Cardenal	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Malek Shakuhi (born 5 April 1960) is a Syrian football Goalkeeper who played for Syria at the 1984 Asian Cup and 1988 Asian Cup finals.	Malek Shakuhi	Syria
country of citizenship	C. Rangarajan or Chakravarthi Rangarajan (born 1932) is an Indian economist and a distinguished former Member of Parliament and Ex-Governor of the Reserve Bank of India.	C. Rangarajan	India
country of citizenship	Masood Ali Khan also known as M.A Khan (born 15 March 1947 in Hyderabad, India) (MA, Ph.D) is a scholar, histprian and a writer on Islamic history Culture and religion.	Masood Ali Khan	India
country of citizenship	David Eby (born July 21, 1977 in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada) is a lawyer and Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia.	David Eby	Canada
country of citizenship	Jérôme Gnako (born February 17, 1968 in Bordeaux) is a French former football player, who played for several French clubs and twice for France national team.	Jérôme Gnako	France
country of citizenship	E-Life (real name Elvis de Oliveira) is a rapper from Rotterdam, Netherlands.	E-Life	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Saifuddin Azizi (; March 12, 1915 -- November 24, 2003), also known as Seypidin Azizi, Saif al-Dīn ʿAzīz, Saifuding Aizezi, and Saifuding, was the first chairman of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Saifuddin Azizi	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	On 11 March 2013, Ahmet Akça has been appointed to the Board of Directors of Turkcell by a decision of the Capital Markets Board of Turkey.	Ahmet Akça	Turkey
country of citizenship	Eivind Opsvik (born 1973 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (upright bass) and composer, the son of the Norwegian interior and furniture designer Peter Opsvik.	Eivind Opsvik	Norway
country of citizenship	Aruna Lama received numerous awards both in Nepal and India for her singing and contribution to Nepali music.	Aruna Lama	Nepal
country of citizenship	Carl Timoleon von Neff, also Timofey Andreyevich Neff (Russian: Тимофей Андреевич Нефф, 14 October (O.S. 2 October) 1804 -- 5 January (O.S. 24 December 1876) 1877) was an artist of Baltic German descent, from present-day Estonia.	Carl Timoleon von Neff	Estonia
country of citizenship	Pedro Carrión Sago (born August 24, 1971 in Cuba) is a Cuban heavyweight boxer best known to win several medals in international amateur competition at super heavyweight.	Pedro Carrión	Cuba
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre Boris is a journalist at Radio France Internationale (RFI) since 1982.	Jean-Pierre Boris	France
country of citizenship	Nikola Stojić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Стојић, born December 15, 1974 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a rower from Serbia, who competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000.	Nikola Stojić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Niel Hans (born 24 April 1988) is an international footballer for Papua New Guinea.	Niel Hans	Papua New Guinea
country of citizenship	Sir Joseph-Mathias Tellier (January 15, 1861 -- October 18, 1952) was born in Sainte-Mélanie, Quebec, Canada.	Joseph-Mathias Tellier	Canada
country of citizenship	Uwem Akpan was born in Ikot Akpan Eda in southern Nigeria; his parents were teachers.	Uwem Akpan	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Alpha Boy is the alias of Norman Ritter from Berlin, Germany, a musician known for German electronic music.	Alpha Boy	Germany
country of citizenship	Jane Burton (born 1966) is an Australian photographer who lives and works in Melbourne, Australia.	Jane Burton	Australia
country of citizenship	United Kingdom Lord Edward William Pelham-Clinton GCVO KCB (11 August 1836 -- 9 July 1907), known as Lord Edward Clinton, was a British Liberal Party politician.	Lord Edward Clinton	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Jacques Ellul was born in Bordeaux, France on 6 January 1912 to Marthe Mendes (Protestant; French-Portuguese) and Joseph Ellul (initially an Orthodox Christian, but then a Voltarian deist by conviction; born in Malta of an Italo-Maltese father and Serb mother).	Jacques Ellul	France
country of citizenship	Vladimirs Kamešs (born 28 October 1988) is a Latvian football midfielder, currently playing for Pogoń Szczecin and Latvia national football team.	Vladimirs Kamešs	Latvia
country of citizenship	Eugene M. Kulischer (1881--1956) was a Russian American sociologist, an authority on demography, migration, and manpower, and an expert on Russia.	Eugene M. Kulischer	Russia
country of citizenship	Tirtayasa (1631--1695), complete stylized name Sultan Ageng Tirtayasa, also known as Ageng and Abulfatah Agung, was the sultan of Banten (on Java in modern Indonesia) during the kingdom's golden age.	Tirtayasa	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Sanne Nijhof (born 20 October 1987 in Den Ham, The Netherlands) is a Dutch model.	Sanne Nijhof	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sir Augustus Meredith Nanton (7 May 1860 -- 24 April 1925) was one of the principal investors and developers of Western Canada, particularly at Winnipeg, Vancouver and Calgary.	Augustus Meredith Nanton	Canada
country of citizenship	Tommy Eliasson (born February 28, 1980 in Boden, Sweden) is a Swedish freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross.	Tommy Eliasson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Mary John, Sr. CM (June 15, 1913 -- September 30, 2004) was a leader of the Carrier people of the central interior of British Columbia in Canada.	Mary John, Sr.	Canada
country of citizenship	Jay Cayuca is a professional violinist in the Philippines.	Jay Cayuca	Philippines
country of citizenship	Veda Beaux Reves, also known as Enda McGrattan, but better known simply as Veda, is a drag queen and singer from Dublin, Ireland.	Veda Beaux Reves	Ireland
country of citizenship	Tina Reynolds or simply Tina as she was known professionally, represented Ireland in the 1974 Eurovision Song Contest.	Tina Reynolds	Ireland
country of citizenship	Nadia Plesner is a Danish/Dutch painter who works and lives in the Netherlands.	Nadia Plesner	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Luiz Roberto de Barros Mott or Luiz Mott (6 May 1946 in São Paulo, Brazil), is a researcher and an anthropologist, a historian and one of the most notable gay civil rights activists in Brazil.	Luiz Mott	Brazil
country of citizenship	Romeo Nicolas Sarmenta Tejedor (born April 28, 1972 in Quezon City, Philippines), better known by his screen name Romnick Sarmenta, is a Filipino actor.	Romnick Sarmenta	Philippines
country of citizenship	Alfred Themba Qabula (1942--2002) was a poet, writer and trade unionist in Durban, South Africa in the 1980s.	Alfred Themba Qabula	South Africa
country of citizenship	Yaşar Topçu (born January 10, 1941 in Boyabat, Sinop Province, Turkey), is a Turkish politician and former government minister.	Yaşar Topçu	Turkey
country of citizenship	One line of research provides that Dirck Storm was born in Utrecht, The Netherlands, in 1630.	Dirck Storm	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Maurice Dahuku Péré (born 1953) is a Togolese politician who was President of the National Assembly of Togo from 1994 to 1999.	Dahuku Péré	Togo
country of citizenship	Paul Ego (birth name Paul Jones) is a Billy T Award winning New Zealand comedian.	Paul Ego	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Luís de Almeida Portugal Soares de Alarcão d'Eça e Melo Silva Mascarenhas, 2nd Marquess of Lavradio (27 June 1729 in Lisbon - 2 May 1790) was the 11th Viceroy of the Portuguese colony of Brazil, the second one that ruled the colony after the seat of government moved to Rio de Janeiro.	Luís de Almeida Portugal Soares de Alarcão d'Eça e Melo Silva Mascarenhas, 2nd Marquess of Lavradio	Brazil
country of citizenship	Antoni Cieszyński (31 May 1882 in Oels (Oleśnica), Silesia, Germany -- 4 July 1941 in Lwów, Poland) was a Polish physician, dentist and surgeon.	Antoni Cieszyński	Poland
country of citizenship	Kuutti Lavonen (born 7 February 1960 in Kotka, Finland) is a Finnish painter, photographer, and graphic artist, who has worked as professor at the Academy of Fine Arts (Finland).	Kuutti Lavonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Bangalore Venkata Raman (8 August 1912 -- 20 December 1998) was one of the most important astrologers in modern India and an author of numerous books and articles.	Bangalore Venkata Raman	India
country of citizenship	Anke Van dermeersch (born 27 October 1972) is a Belgian politician, former model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Belgium 1992 and represented Belgium at Miss Universe 1992 and placed top 6.	Anke Van dermeersch	Belgium
country of citizenship	Sam Steele received his education at the family home, Purbrook, and then at the Royal Military College of Canada.	Sam Steele	Canada
country of citizenship	Mahirwan Mamtani (born 2 November 1935 in Bhiria (Nawabshah) Sindh, India) is painter, graphic and multimedia artist.	Mahirwan Mamtani	India
country of citizenship	Thorleif Schjelderup (January 20, 1920 - May 28, 2006) was a Norwegian author and in the 1940s and 1950s one of Norway's best ski jumpers.	Thorleif Schjelderup	Norway
country of citizenship	Asaad Abu Gilel al-Taie is the former SCIRI governor of Najaf province, in Iraq.	Asaad Abu Gilel al-Taie	Iraq
country of citizenship	Gergis Teklemichael (alt. Giorgis) is the Minister of Trade and Industry of Eritrea.	Gergis Teklemichael	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Adauto Domingues (born 20 May 1961 in São Caetano do Sul) is a retired middle-distance runner from Brazil, who twice won the gold medal in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the Pan American Games: in 1987 and 1991.	Adauto Domingues	Brazil
country of citizenship	Tum Saray (born 10 July 1992) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for Svay Rieng in the Cambodian League and the Cambodia national team.	Tum Saray	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Teresa Carpio (born 30 September 1956 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong English pop and Cantopop singer, actress, and singing teacher.	Teresa Carpio	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Montague James Mathew (18 August 1773 -- 19 March 1819) was an Anglo-Irish soldier and politician, a member of the Irish House of Commons for Ballynakill until 1800 and of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom for County Tipperary from 1806 until his death in 1819.	Montague James Mathew	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Sandro (born October 1, 1983 in Brazil), full name Sandro da Silva Mendonça, is a Brazilian football midfield player who currently plays for Kedah FA.	Sandro da Silva Mendonça	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kevin Buzzacott (Born 1947), often referred to as Uncle Kev as an Aboriginal elder, is an Indigenous Australian from the Arabunna nation in northern South Australia.	Kevin Buzzacott	Australia
country of citizenship	Lý Thần Tông (1116--1138), given name Lý Dương Hoán, was the fifth emperor of the Lý Dynasty, reigning over Vietnam from 1127 to his death in 1138.	Lý Thần Tông	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Sofía Lama (Spanish pronunciation: (soˈfi.a (e)sˈtamaˈtjaðes); born Sofía Lama Stamatiades on June 9, 1987 in Puebla, Mexico) is a Mexican actress of Greek descent.	Sofía Lama	Mexico
country of citizenship	William Sandover (ca.1822 -- 5 March 1909) was a hotelier and politician in South Australia and father of Alfred Sandover MBE.	William Sandover	Australia
country of citizenship	Kelly Frances McKenna, stage name ``Kelly Frances'' is a Canadian media personality living in Seoul, South Korea.	Kelly Frances	South Korea
country of citizenship	Maha Sinnathamby is a Hindu of Sri Lankan Tamil descent, born in Malaysia in 1939, where he lived on a rubber estate in the small farming village of Rantau, Negeri Sembilan, without power or water, and where he was educated at a Catholic school.	Maha Sinnathamby	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Andrei Andreyevich Eshpai (Russian: Андрей Андреевич Эшпай, born 18 April 1956, Moscow, Russia) is a (Russian and Soviet) film director, screenwriter and producer of Mari descent.	Andrei Andreyevich Eshpai	Russia
country of citizenship	Kristoffer Joner (born 19 September 1972) is a Norwegian actor born in Stavanger, Norway and is most famous for his roles in Villmark and The Man Who Loved Yngve.	Kristoffer Joner	Norway
country of citizenship	Tunji Sowande was a Nigeria-born United Kingdom lawyer and musician.	Tunji Sowande	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Amrit Gurung (Nepali: अमृत गुरुङ) is a singer, composer, musician, songwriter and manager of Nepathya of Nepal.	Amrit Gurung	Nepal
country of citizenship	Dr. Habib Levy is the author of the Comprehensive History of the Jews of Iran:	Habib Levy	Iran
country of citizenship	Datuk Noor Ehsanuddin Mohd Harun Narrashid is the Communication Director for Felda under the Prime Minister of Malaysia.	Noor Ehsanuddin Mohd Harun Narrashid	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Silayev (2 April 1928 -- 31 December 2005) was a Russian sprint canoer who competed for the Soviet Union in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Aleksandr Silayev	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Patricio Bedrossian (born in Mar de Ajo (Buenos Aires), Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Clubs of Argentina, Chile, Bolivia and Guatemala.	Patricio Bedrossian	Argentina
country of citizenship	Josh Brookes (born Joshua Brookes, 28 April 1983 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is a professional motorcycle road racer.	Josh Brookes	Australia
country of citizenship	Gianfranco Chiarini (born January 8, 1966) is an Italian celebrity and Michelin starred chef from Ferrara, Italy.	Gianfranco Chiarini	Italy
country of citizenship	Hunz is an electronic pop music group from Brisbane, Australia.	Hunz	Australia
country of citizenship	Katherine Kirk (born 26 February 1982) is a professional golfer from Australia, currently playing on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour and the ALPG Tour.	Katherine Kirk	Australia
country of citizenship	Aliakbar Campwala (born Mumbai) is an Indian actor, film maker, and director, originally from India, who lives in the United Kingdom.	Aliakbar Campwala	India
country of citizenship	James Kwesi Appiah was Ghana's assistant coach between 2007 and 2012.	James Kwesi Appiah	Ghana
country of citizenship	Lene Lai (Chinese: 賴琳恩; pinyin: Lai Lin En) is an actress, model and pageant winner in the Republic of China (Taiwan).	Lene Lai	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Alfonso Bernal del Riesgo (January 23, 1902 -- January 4, 1975, Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban psychologist, known for his contribution to the origin and development of psychology as science and profession.	Alfonso Bernal del Riesgo	Cuba
country of citizenship	Norma Kassi (born April 10, 1954) is a native Gwich'in from Yukon Territory, Canada, and a former member of the Yukon Legislative Assembly and current chief of the Vuntut Gwitchin First Nation.	Norma Kassi	Canada
country of citizenship	Marianella Castellanos (born April 15, 1984 in Acarigua, Portuguesa, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan softball player.	Marianella Castellanos	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Dr. Wannarat Channukul has been decorated with the special class of both the Order of the White Elephant and the Order of the Crown of Thailand.	Wannarat Channukul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Kurt Kasznar was born Kurt Servischer on August 12, 1913, in Vienna, Austria-Hungary (today: Austria).	Kurt Kasznar	Austria
country of citizenship	VJ Andy is a television personality in India.	VJ Andy	India
country of citizenship	Paul Agostino (born 9 June 1975 in Adelaide, Australia) is a retired Australian footballer who played as a striker.	Paul Agostino	Australia
country of citizenship	Farzan Athari (Persian: فرزان اطهری‎‎, born June 26, 1984) is an International Model, Actor, TV host and TV personality from Sweden with Persian background.	Farzan Athari	Sweden
country of citizenship	As a poet (Pour l'amour du ciel, CD Radio France, the Poétiques Collection), Alain Borer is joined by André Velter and Zéno Bianu in the Groupe Actéon.	Alain Borer	France
country of citizenship	Hugo Ruíz Martín del Campo (born January 10, 1977 in San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer who plays for Lobos de la BUAP in the Liga de Ascenso.	Hugo Ruíz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Shehryar Khan Afridi (born 12 March 1971) is a Pakistani politician, parliamentarian and a prominent member of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.	Shehryar Khan Afridi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Khurram Waqar is a lead guitarist and rock musician from Pakistan.	Khurram Waqar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Isidro Pérez (May 24, 1964 in Guerrero, Mexico - January 9, 2013) was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division.	Isidro Pérez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Soledad Rendón Bueno (9 July 1943 -- 18 August 1970), better known by her stage names Soledad Miranda or Susann Korda (or sometimes Susan Korday), was an actress who was born in Seville, Spain.	Soledad Miranda	Spain
country of citizenship	Marta Bartel played for Poland in three Women's Chess Olympiads:	Marta Bartel	Poland
country of citizenship	Mehdi Torabi (Persian: مهدی ترابی‎‎); is an Iranian Football Winger who currently plays for Iranian football club Saipa in the Iran Pro League.	Mehdi Torabi	Iran
country of citizenship	Samir Habashneh (born 1951) is the Minister of State and Minister of Agriculture for Jordan.	Samir Habashneh	Jordan
country of citizenship	Giampaolo Di Paola (born 15 August 1944) is an Italian naval officer who served in the government of Italy as minister of defense from November 2011 to April 2013.	Giampaolo Di Paola	Italy
country of citizenship	Camila Bordonaba Roldán (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈmila βorðoˈnaβa); born September 4, 1984 in El Palomar, Buenos Aires, Argentina) (nicknamed Cami or Cato) is an Argentine actress, singer-songwriter, dancer, musician,Theatre director and former occasional model.	Camila Bordonaba	Argentina
country of citizenship	Leila Shenna (Arabic: ليلى شنّا‎; born Morocco) is a Moroccan former actress who featured on film mostly in the 1970s.	Leila Shenna	Morocco
country of citizenship	Hiromoto Okubo (大久保 博元, born February 1, 1967 in Higashiibaraki District, Ibaraki, Japan) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball catcher.	Hiromoto Okubo	Japan
country of citizenship	Kayne Hammington (born 24 September 1990) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a halfback for Manawatu in the ITM Cup.	Kayne Hammington	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Luis Miguel del Risco Torres (born September 7, 1989 in Barranquilla Colombia) is a professional Italo-Colombian soccer player.	Luis Miguel del Risco	Colombia
country of citizenship	Fe Amorsolo was born as Amparo Casim Abuyen-Pilapil on 17 January 1927 in the barangay of Guadelupe Viejo in Makati, Philippines.	Fe Amorsolo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Trịnh Sâm (1739--1782) ruled northern Vietnam from 1767 to 1782 AD.	Trịnh Sâm	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Paul Deasy (born 27 September 1988) is an Irish footballer who played for Cork City in the League of Ireland.	Paul Deasy	Ireland
country of citizenship	Edo Murtić (1921--2005) was a painter from Croatia, best known for his lyrical abstraction and abstract expressionism style.	Edo Murtić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Emir Rodríguez Monegal (28 July 1921 -- 14 November 1985), born in Uruguay, was a scholar, literary critic, and editor of Latin American literature.	Emir Rodríguez Monegal	Uruguay
country of citizenship	David Ewen Gilmour (22 January 1963 -- 3 October 2014), commonly known as Ewen Gilmour, was a New Zealand comedian and television presenter.	Ewen Gilmour	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dr. Abdel Hamid Badawi Pasha (13 March 1887 -- 4 August 1965) was born in Alexandria, Egypt.	Abdel Hamid Badawi	Egypt
country of citizenship	Patricia Silvana Ramírez Ter Hart (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkoki raˈmiɾes); born in Córdoba (Argentina) on February 6, 1980), best known as Coki Ramírez, is a singer, model and actress from Argentina.	Coki Ramírez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Evan Malbone Johnson (June 6, 1791 to 1865) was a clergyman of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.	Evan Malbone Johnson	United States of America
country of citizenship	Phil du Plessis, Afrikaans poet, musician and medical doctor, was born as Johannes du Plessis at Fouriesburg, in the Free State, South Africa, on 22 March 1944, and died in Cape Town on 28 November 2011.	Phil du Plessis	South Africa
country of citizenship	Annette Paul (1863--1952) was a New Zealand salvation army officer.	Annette Paul	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Richard Farrer (born 9 April 1971) is a South African-American former professional soccer player who spent five seasons in the USISL, half a season each in South Africa and England and seven seasons with the Dallas Burn in Major League Soccer.	Richard Farrer	South Africa
country of citizenship	Cristián Alberto López Bello (ca. 1985 -- 17 July 2013) was a crime journalist for the Mexican newspaper El Imparcial and the radio show ``Foro Político'', in Oaxaca, Mexico.	Alberto López Bello	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jérôme Soimaud (born 1964 in Paris, France) is a contemporary Miami-based painter known for his depictions of minority subjects in urban settings, and his dedication to portraying unheard voices and ``black culture''.	Jérôme Soimaud	France
country of citizenship	Lope K. Santos (born Lope Santos y Canseco) (September 25, 1879 -- May 1, 1963) was a Filipino Tagalog language writer and former senator of the Philippines.	Lope K. Santos	Philippines
country of citizenship	Damián Szifron (born 9 July 1975) is an Argentine film and television director and screenwriter, best known as the creator of the TV series Los Simuladores (2002), and writer-director of Wild Tales (2014), the most successful film in the history of Argentina.	Damián Szifron	Argentina
country of citizenship	Edgar Behr was a sailor from Germany, who represented his country in the Snowbird in Los Angeles, USA.	Edgar Behr	Germany
country of citizenship	Artin Penik (1921 -- August 15, 1982) was a Turkish-Armenian who committed suicide by self-immolation in protest of the Esenboga airport attack by the Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia (ASALA, also known as Third October) on August 10, 1982.	Artin Penik	Armenia
country of citizenship	Ernst Lehrs (born 30 July 1894 in Berlin; died 31 December 1979 in Eckwälden, Germany) was a German anthroposophist, Waldorf teacher, lecturer and writer.	Ernst Lehrs	Germany
country of citizenship	Ankit Garg is a police superintendent in Chhattisgarh, India.	Ankit Garg	India
country of citizenship	Veikko Aaltonen (born 1 December 1955 in Sääksmäki, Finland) is a Finnish director, editor, sound editor, production manager and film and television writer and actor.	Veikko Aaltonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Jack Roche is an Australian convicted on a charge of conspiring to commit an offence provided for by the Crimes (Internationally Protected Persons) Act 1976 to destroy an internationally protected building, the Israeli Embassy in Canberra, Australia.	Jack Roche	Australia
country of citizenship	Norman Lascelles Elder (6 April 1896--10 August 1974) was a New Zealand electrical engineer, teacher and botanist.	Norman Lascelles Elder	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Giedo van der Garde (born Giedo Gijsbertus Gerrit van der Garde, 25 April 1985 in Rhenen, Netherlands) is a Dutch racing driver.	Giedo van der Garde	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Nigel Worden (born 27 March 1955) is Professor of History and head of the Historical Studies department at the University of Cape Town, South Africa.	Nigel Worden	South Africa
country of citizenship	Hubert Taczanowski, born October 1, 1960 in Poland, son of Stanisław and Maria (née Grabska) Taczanowski and a member of the former magnate family Taczanowski from Poznań, is a US and UK-based motion picture cinematographer.	Hubert Taczanowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Joaquín Hernández García (born February 1, 1971 in Xaltocan, Tlaxcala) is a retired professional footballer from Mexico.	Joaquín Hernández	Mexico
country of citizenship	Gianluigi Aponte was born in Sant'Agnello, Italy (near Sorrento, Naples) on 27 June 1940.	Gianluigi Aponte	Italy
country of citizenship	Bujar Bukoshi (Serbo-Croat: Bujar Bukoši) (born 13 May 1947 in Therandë, Kosovo) was the Minister of Healthcare in Kosovo in the first government of Hashim Thaçi.	Bujar Bukoshi	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Sean Paul was born in Kingston, Jamaica to parents Garth and Frances, both of whom were talented athletes.	Sean Paul	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Uwe Schmidt (born 27 August 1968 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany), also known as Atom™, Atom Heart, or Señor Coconut, is a German composer, musician and producer of electronic music.	Uwe Schmidt	Germany
country of citizenship	Pavel Nersessian was born in Ramenskoye, a town outside Moscow, Russia Federation on August 26, 1964.	Pavel Nersessian	Russia
country of citizenship	Pia Ranslet (born 3 July 1956, Allinge, Bornholm, Denmark) is a Danish painter and sculptor.	Pia Ranslet	Denmark
country of citizenship	Vallam Sundar is an Indian professor of Coastal Engineering at the Department of Ocean Engineering of Indian Institute of Technology Madras (IIT Madras), Chennai, India.	Vallam Sundar	India
country of citizenship	Arthur Franke (born Berlin 5 August 1909: died Rüdersdorf 23 October 1992) was a leading political policeman in East Germany; he became a military officer when the country's army was established in 1956.	Arthur Franke	East Germany
country of citizenship	Gabriela Rivero Abaroa (born on September 15, 1964 in Mexico City, Mexico), better known as Gaby Rivero, is an actress and singer.	Gabriela Rivero	Mexico
country of citizenship	John Cameron Brown (born 1843) was a civil engineer and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	John Cameron Brown	Canada
country of citizenship	Albert van Ouwater (c. 1410/1415 -- 1475) was one of the earliest artists of Early Netherlandish painting working in the Northern Netherlands, as opposed to Flanders in the South of the region.	Albert van Ouwater	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Aladár Pege (8 October 1939 - 23 September 2006), was a jazz musician from Hungary.	Aladár Pege	Hungary
country of citizenship	Kevin Wimmer (born 15 November 1992) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a centre back for English club Tottenham Hotspur and the Austria national team.	Kevin Wimmer	Austria
country of citizenship	Sidor Belarsky, born Isidor Livshitz (February 12, 1898 -- June 7, 1975), was a Ukrainian-American singer born to a Jewish family in Kryzhopol, Ukraine.	Sidor Belarsky	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Nikola Šafarić was a member of every Croatia national football team categories (U17, U19, U21, senior team).	Nikola Šafarić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Irena Santor (born 9 December 1934, Papowo Biskupie, Poland) is a retired Polish singer.	Irena Santor	Poland
country of citizenship	Jeremy Kushnier (born September 30, 1975 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is a stage actor and songwriter.	Jeremy Kushnier	Canada
country of citizenship	Michał Rola-Żymierski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmixaw ˈrɔla ʐɨˈmjɛrskʲi); 1890--1989) was a Polish high-ranking Communist Party leader, communist military commander, NKVD secret agent, and Marshal of Poland by Joseph Stalin's order from 1945 until his death.	Michał Rola-Żymierski	Poland
country of citizenship	Kjell-Ole Haune (born 1976 in Norway) is a composer and producer.	Kjell-Ole Haune	Norway
country of citizenship	Torkel Petersson is a Swedish actor born in Lund, Sweden, on 19 August 1969.	Torkel Petersson	Sweden
country of citizenship	The parents of Mattia Maggio come from the Salento in Apulia, and had once emigrated from their homeland and settled in Swabia in Germany.	Mattia Maggio	Germany
country of citizenship	Maurice Bramley (11 September 1898 -- 15 June 1975), was a New Zealand born Australian cartoonist and commercial artist.	Maurice Bramley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nasrin Sotoudeh (also spelled Sotoodeh; Persian: نسرین ستوده‎‎) is a human rights lawyer in Iran.	Nasrin Sotoudeh	Iran
country of citizenship	Giovanni Paolo Marana or sometimes Jean-Paul Marana (1642 - 1693) was a noble Genoese, who participated in 1672 in an unsuccessful conspiracy for passing the town of Savona under the rule of the Dukes of Savoy, moved to France in 1683.	Giovanni Paolo Marana	France
country of citizenship	Claus Toksvig appeared as himself (and the narrator) in both the English-language and Danish-language versions of the 1961 Danish-American co-production of Reptilicus; which, as the country's first and only giant monster film, has a large cult following in Denmark.	Claus Toksvig	Denmark
country of citizenship	María Desiree Durán Morales (born October 7, 1985 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia) is a Bolivian actress, TV Presenter and model who participated in Miss Universe 2006 as Miss Bolivia and made top 10.	Desiree Durán	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Maribel Quiñones or María Isabel Quiñones Gutiérrez in full, known under her stage name as Martirio (a Spanish given name meaning Martyrdom or Torment, in English) is a Spanish singer born in 1954 in Huelva, Spain.	Martirio	Spain
country of citizenship	Sigurður Eggerz (1 March 1875 -- 16 November 1945) was Minister for Iceland from 21 July 1914 to 4 May 1915, and from 7 March 1922 to 22 March 1924.	Sigurður Eggerz	Iceland
country of citizenship	Navtej Bharati (Punjabi: ਨਵਤੇਜ ਭਾਰਤੀ) is one of the most well-known Punjabi poets living in Canada.	Navtej Bharati	Canada
country of citizenship	Franck Schott (born May 16, 1970 in Saint-Paul, Réunion) is a retired backstroke and freestyle swimmer from France, who represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988.	Franck Schott	France
country of citizenship	Luke Gower (born in Sydney, Australia) was a member of the Australian band Cog.	Luke Gower	Australia
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Maqueda (born 29 December 1949, Río Tercero, Córdoba Province) is an Argentine lawyer, politician and a member of Supreme Court of Justice of Argentina since 2002.	Juan Carlos Maqueda	Argentina
country of citizenship	John Armstrong MacKelvie (September 14, 1865 -- June 4, 1924) was a journalist, editor and political figure in British Columbia, Canada.	John Armstrong MacKelvie	Canada
country of citizenship	Jaana Pelkonen (b. 27 January 1977 in Lahti, Finland) is a Finnish member of parliament and former television hostess.	Jaana Pelkonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Gerlinde Jänicke (born December 13, 1973 in Berlin, Germany) is a German host and announcer.	Gerlinde Jänicke	Germany
country of citizenship	Ulf Kristiansen is currently living at Nesodden, Norway.	Ulf Kristiansen	Norway
country of citizenship	Ewa Zielińska (born 25 December 1972) is a Paralympian athlete from Poland competing mainly in category F42 long jump and T42 sprint events.	Ewa Zielińska	Poland
country of citizenship	Frank Kojo Baffoe Jr. (known as Kojo Baffoe) is a writer, poet, blogger, media consultant (television and print), producer, columnist, editor of Destiny Man, and is currently based in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Kojo Baffoe	South Africa
country of citizenship	Juan Ignacio Basaguren García (born July 21, 1944 in Mexico City) is a former Mexican football (soccer) player.	Juan Ignacio Basaguren	Mexico
country of citizenship	Han Myeong-sook (born March 24, 1944; Korean: 한명숙 (han mjʌŋsʰuk)) was the Prime Minister of South Korea from April 2006 to March 2007.	Han Myeong-sook	South Korea
country of citizenship	Tea Jorjadze (Georgian: თეა ჯორჯაძე; born 1971 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a contemporary artist.	Tea Jorjadze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Josef Speckbacher was born on July 13, 1767 in Gnadenwald, near Hall, in Austria's Tyrolean Alps.	Josef Speckbacher	Austria
country of citizenship	Stefan Grogg is a hockey forward who played ice and inline hockey professionally in Switzerland and the United States.	Stefan Grogg	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Since 1995 and in addition to photographs and video works Thorsten Goldberg has been creating site-specific works and public art. He realized numerous projects in public space throughout Germany and taught at various colleges and art schools.	Thorsten Goldberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Atıl Kutoğlu (born 1968 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish fashion designer residing in Vienna.	Atıl Kutoğlu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Francis Jocky is a singer, songwriter and producer, born in Cameroon and moved to France at age of 15.	Francis Jocky	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Martin Saar was born 30 April 1980 in Tallinn, Estonia) and currently lives and works between New York and Tallinn.	Martin Saar	Estonia
country of citizenship	Peggy Rockman Napaljarri (also known as Peggy Yalurrngali Rockman Napaljarri) (born c. 1940) is a Warlpiri-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Peggy Rockman Napaljarri	Australia
country of citizenship	Manfred Kupferschmied (born 10 November 1941 in Brüx) is a retired German footballer, who was as a football manager in East Germany.	Manfred Kupferschmied	East Germany
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Kwiatkowski (born May 14, 1971 in Zgierz) is a Polish politician, Minister of Justice of Poland in Cabinet of Donald Tusk.	Krzysztof Kwiatkowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Newton King (21 July 1855--27 July 1927) was a New Zealand auctioneer, merchant and businessman.	Newton King	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Born in Rijeka, then part of PR Croatia, FPR Yugoslavia, Branko Šegota moved with his family to Canada at the age of 7.	Branko Šegota	Croatia
country of citizenship	Moussa Mara (born 2 March 1975 in Bamako) is a Malian politician who was Prime Minister of Mali from 2014 to 2015.	Moussa Mara	Mali
country of citizenship	Xhanfize Keko (27 January 1928 -- 22 December 2007), born in Gjirokastër, Albania, was an Albanian film director.	Xhanfize Keko	Albania
country of citizenship	Theodor Berkelmann was born in Le Ban-Saint-Martin near Metz, in Alsace-Lorraine, which was then part of Germany.	Theodor Berkelmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Yuan Shizhong (?-1643) is a rebel leader in 1640's, the later Ming Dynasty, China.	Yuan Shizhong	China
country of citizenship	Sherwin Vries (born 22 March 1980) is a sprinter who represents South Africa after switching from Namibia in 2003.	Sherwin Vries	South Africa
country of citizenship	Antonio Nirta (April 22, 1919 -- September 1, 2015) was a boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organization in Calabria, Italy.	Antonio Nirta	Italy
country of citizenship	Azucena Villaflor (7 April 1924 in Avellaneda -- 10 December 1977) was an Argentine social activist, and one of the founders of the human rights association called Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo, which looked for desaparecidos (victims of forced disappearance during Argentina's Dirty War).	Azucena Villaflor	Argentina
country of citizenship	Erwin Busta was born in the city of Leoben, Austria (then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire) on April 12, 1905 and originally worked as a mason and carpenter.	Erwin Busta	Austria
country of citizenship	Marko Topchii (i/ˌmɑːrˈkɒˌtɒpˈtʃɪj/),(Ukrainian: Марко Топчій, Russian: Марк Топчий), (January 7, 1991, Kyiv, Ukraine) is a classical guitarist from Ukraine.	Marko Topchii	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Norodom Sihanouk (; 31 October 192215 October 2012) was the King of Cambodia from 1941 to 1955 and again from 1993 to 2004.	Norodom Sihanouk	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Aurea Aguilar (born September 1943) is a Mexican multimedia visual artist whose work has been recognized with membership in Mexico's Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.	Aurea Aguilar	Mexico
country of citizenship	Assid Abraham Corban (25 August 1864--2 December 1941) was a New Zealand pedlar, importer, viticulturist and wine-maker.	Assid Abraham Corban	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yi Mun-yol was born in Seoul, South Korea in 1948, but the outbreak of the Korean War and his father's defection to North Korea forced his family to move about until they settled in Yeongyang, Gyeongsangbuk-do, the ancestral seat of his family.	Yi Mun-yol	South Korea
country of citizenship	Charles James Fox Campbell was a grazier and early settler of Adelaide, South Australia, whose name is commemorated in the Adelaide suburb of Campbelltown, South Australia and the municipality, the City of Campbelltown, South Australia.	Charles James Fox Campbell	Australia
country of citizenship	Amarfis Aquino was born in Sabana Grande de Boya, a town in the Dominican Republic.	Amarfis	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Jean-Baptiste Thorn (17 March 1783 -- 23 March 1841) was a Luxembourg-born jurist and politician that held office in both Luxembourg and Belgium during and immediately after the Belgian Revolution.	Jean-Baptiste Thorn	Belgium
country of citizenship	Nam Yimyaem (Thai: นาม ยิ้มแย้ม) is a retired judge of the Supreme Court of Thailand, former deputy Supreme Court President, and currently chairperson of a committee investigating the assets of deposed Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.	Nam Yimyaem	Thailand
country of citizenship	Sybil Audrey Marie Lupp (née Colley, 1 August 1916 -- 26 December 1994) was a New Zealand mechanic, motor-racing driver, garage proprietor and motor vehicle dealer.	Sybil Audrey Marie Lupp	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jan Kociniak was born in Stryj, Poland (now Ukraine).	Jan Kociniak	Poland
country of citizenship	Rajesh Vedprakash (Hindi: राजेश वेदप्रकाश, born as Rajesh Vedprakash Maingi राजेश वेदप्रकाश मैंगी on October 7, 1968) at Pataudi, India) as an Indian voice artist who can speak English, Hindi and Urdu.	Rajesh Vedprakash	India
country of citizenship	Samuel Kivuitu (1939 -- 25 February 2013) was head of the now defunct Electoral Commission of Kenya.	Samuel Kivuitu	Kenya
country of citizenship	Gloria Sawai (20 December 1932 -- 20 July 2011), born Gloria Ruth Ostrem in Minneapolis, Minnesota, was an American-born fiction author, based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Gloria Sawai	Canada
country of citizenship	Normand Chaurette (born July 9, 1954 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian playwright, best known as one of the first prominent writers of LGBT-themed plays in Quebec and Canada.	Normand Chaurette	Canada
country of citizenship	Fauzi Bowo (born 10 April 1948 in Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian politician and diplomat who is the current Indonesian Ambassador to Germany.	Fauzi Bowo	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Lyn Fullston (3 March 1956 -- 1 June 2008) known by her friends and peers as Lefty, was a World Champion Australian Cricketer, Australian netball representative, gifted sportswoman and dedicated Physical Education teacher in South Australia.	Lyn Fullston	Australia
country of citizenship	Alan Pritchard was a pilot for the New Zealand Public Works Department from the late 1930s to mid-1950s.	Alan Pritchard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	When John Duff started racing in 1920, he had lived a significant part of his life in Canada.	John Duff	Canada
country of citizenship	Kathleen Wong Mei Yin (simplified Chinese: 黄美圆; traditional Chinese: 黃美圓; pinyin: Huáng Měi Yuán; born 12 October 1970) is a political activist promoting unity and harmony in Perak, Malaysia.	Kathleen Wong Mei Yin	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Andreas Cariolou (Greek: Ανδρέας Καριόλου; born November 24, 1982 in Egkomi) is a three-time Olympic windsurfer from Cyprus.	Andreas Cariolou	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Pandit Karuppan was a poet, dramatist, and social reformer who lived in Kerala, India.	Pandit Karuppan	India
country of citizenship	Rao Bahadur P. I. Chinnaswamy Pillai was the first Municipal Chairman (in 1893) of Palakkad, Kerala, India.	P. I. Chinnaswamy Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Fred van Zutphen (born 7 January 1971 in Veghel, Netherlands), is a retired Dutch athlete who competes in compound archery.	Fred van Zutphen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Thorsten Hohmann (born 14 July 1979 in Fulda, West Germany) is a German professional pool player, nicknamed ``the Hitman.''	Thorsten Hohmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Habibu Idris Shuaibu was military administrator of Niger State in Nigeria from August 1998 to May 1999, when he handed over control to the democratically elected Abdulkadir Kure.	Habibu Idris Shuaibu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Moshe Levi (Hebrew: משה לוי‎) (1936 -- January 8, 2008) was an Israeli military commander and the 12th chief of staff of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF).	Moshe Levi	Israel
country of citizenship	Beatrice Câșlaru (born 20 August 1975 in Brăila) is a former medley swimmer from Romania, who competed in three consequentive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1996.	Beatrice Câșlaru	Romania
country of citizenship	On May 21, 1865, for the 50-year-anniversary of the Second Uprising, Mihailo Obrenović III, Prince of Serbia, personally brought the Takovo cross for Uzun-Mirko, and also awarded him with the Montenegrin golden medallion of Obilić (as a Hero).	Uzun-Mirko	Serbia
country of citizenship	Lika Roman (born May 12, 1985) is a Ukrainian model, charity worker and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Ukraine 2007 and represented Ukraine at Miss World 2007 but Unplaced.	Lika Roman	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Rosana Tositrakul (Thai: รสนา โตสิตระกูล, born September 27, 1957) is Thailand's Bangkok Senator.	Rosana Tositrakul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Tia Neiva (born Neiva Chavez Zelaya, 1926--1985) was a Brazilian medium and founder of the mystical community Vale do Amanhecer (Valley of Dawn) located near Brasília, Brazil.	Tia Neiva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Châu Phong Hòa (born 14 August 1985 in Đồng Tháp, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays for home club The Vissai Ninh Bình.	Châu Phong Hòa	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Ashot Melkonian (Armenian: Աշոտ Անատոլիի Մելքոնյան; March 1, 1930 -- December 9, 2009) was an Armenian artist associated with Neorealistic artistic style and Honorary Artist of the Republic of Armenia.	Ashot Melkonian	Armenia
country of citizenship	Shozo Saijo (西城 正三, born January 28, 1947) is a former professional boxer from Saitama, Japan.	Shozo Saijo	Japan
country of citizenship	Tarek Dergoul is a citizen of the United Kingdom of Moroccan origin who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.	Tarek Dergoul	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Jonas Quinn is introduced in the penultimate season 5 episode ``Meridian'' as a scientist of the human nation of Kelowna on Langara, a planet with an industrial level comparable to Earth of the 1940s, and that is also locked in a cold war with two rival states.	Jonas Quinn	Kelowna
country of citizenship	Desirée Lois del Valle Dunham, better known by her screen name Desiree del Valle (born May 28, 1982 in the Philippines), is a Filipina actress born from an American father and a Filipina mother She trained in ABS-CBN's training subsidiary, Star Magic (Batch 7).	Desiree del Valle	Philippines
country of citizenship	In 2013, Pheelz was listed in NotJustOk's ``Top 10 Hottest Producers in Nigeria''.	Pheelz	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Valérie Favre (born 1959, Evilard, Switzerland) is a Berlin-based artist.	Valérie Favre	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Anne Fairbairn, (B'ody, née Reid, born 1948) Member of the Order of Australia is a widely published Australian poet, journalist and expert in Arab culture.	Anne Fairbairn	Australia
country of citizenship	Max Mangold (born May 8, 1922 in the village of Pratteln near Basel, Switzerland, died February 3, 2015) taught phonetics, phonology and linguistic theory at the University of the Saarland in Germany.	Max Mangold	Switzerland	Germany
country of citizenship	Francesco Scianna (Palermo, Italy, March 25, 1982) is an Italian actor.	Francesco Scianna	Italy
country of citizenship	Dj Spele (born 28 November 1987 in Naledi, Maseru, Lesotho) is a mosotho progressive house DJ and composer.	Dj Spele	Lesotho
country of citizenship	Emerentia von Düben (24 May 1669, unknown, but probably Stockholm -- 22 March 1743, Stockholm) also called Menza, was a Swedish lady-in-waiting, the favourite of Ulrika Eleonora, Queen of Sweden.	Emerentia von Düben	Sweden
country of citizenship	Koentjaraningrat was born in Yogyakarta, Indonesia on 15 June 1923 to a Pakualaman family.	Koentjaraningrat	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Paul Vinitsky (born Vinitsky Pavel; June 11, 1983 in Dubna, Moscow Region, Russia) is a Russian electronic dance music trance and progressive DJ & producer.	Paul Vinitsky	Russia
country of citizenship	Stein Inge Brækhus (born 12 February 1967 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (drums) and record producer, known from a series of album releases and as a key musician at the Jazz scenes of Stavanger and Bergen.	Stein Inge Brækhus	Norway
country of citizenship	Hafsat Abiola (born 1974 in Lagos) is a Nigerian human rights, civil rights and democracy activist, founder of the Kudirat Initiative for Democracy (KIND), which seeks to strengthen civil society and promote democracy in Nigeria.	Hafsat Abiola	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Kavi or Komlan Kavi (bron 3 March 1970, Lomé Togo) is an African contemporary artist and painter.	Emmanuel Kavi	Togo
country of citizenship	Born in Paris, André du Bouchet lived in France until 1941 when his family left occupied Europe for the United States.	André du Bouchet	France
country of citizenship	Alhaji Muhammadu Shehu Kangiwa was the first elected civilian governor of Sokoto State, Nigeria in the short-lived Nigerian Second Republic, holding office from October 1979 to November 1981.	Shehu Kangiwa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Christopher MacFarlane, better known as Macka B, is a British reggae artist, performer and activist with a career spanning thirty years in the United Kingdom and Jamaica.	Macka B	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Tete Montoliu (28 March 1933 -- 24 August 1997) was a jazz pianist from Catalonia, Spain.	Tete Montoliu	Spain
country of citizenship	Patrick Barré (born 12 April 1959 in Houilles, Yvelines) is a former athlete from France who competed mainly in the 100 metres.	Patrick Barré	France
country of citizenship	Ana Paula Zacarias (born 5 January 1959 in Lisbon, Portugal) is a Portuguese diplomat, currently appointed as the Head of the European Union's delegation to Brazil.	Ana Paula Zacarias	Portugal
country of citizenship	Kati Nescher (born December 12, 1984 in Russia) is a professional fashion model from Germany.	Kati Nescher	Germany
country of citizenship	David Thomas Fleming (1861--1938) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 7 May 1918 to 6 May 1925; then 7 May 1925 to 6 May 1932, when his term ended.	David Thomas Fleming	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Albert Percy Blesing (9 September 1879 -- 2 March 1949) was a farmer and politician from South Australia who served as Minister for Agriculture (1933--1944), for Local Government (1933--1938) and for Afforestation (1938--1944).	Percy Blesing	Australia
country of citizenship	Agim Çeku (born 29 October 1960) is the Minister of Security Forces for the Republic of Kosovo.	Agim Çeku	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Abderrahmane Youssoufi (ahb-dehr-RAH-mahn-ehl YOO-soo-fee ( listen); Arabic: عبد الرحمن اليوسفي‎; born 8 March 1924) is a Moroccan politician who served as the Prime Minister of Morocco from 1998 to 2002.	Abderrahmane Youssoufi	Morocco
country of citizenship	Sir Morell Mackenzie (7 July 1837 -- 3 February 1892) was a British physician, one of the pioneers of laryngology in the United Kingdom.	Morell Mackenzie	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ivan Zagni (born 16 October 1942) is a New Zealand-based musician and composer who has been a member of bands such as Jody Grind, Big Sideways and Avant Garage, and has recorded albums with Aynsley Dunbar, Elton Dean, Don McGlashan and Peter Scholes.	Ivan Zagni	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Later described by the Village Voice as a ``slapstick Ingmar Bergman'', Roy Andersson was born in Gothenburg, Sweden in 1943.	Roy Andersson	Sweden
country of citizenship	James Robert Williams (March 30, 1888, Nova Scotia, Canada -- June 17, 1957) was a cartoonist who signed his work J. R. Williams.	J. R. Williams	Canada
country of citizenship	Tarık Daşgün (born 26 August 1973 in Ankara) is a retired Turkish professional footballer who played for several clubs in Turkey and the Turkey national football team.	Tarık Daşgün	Turkey
country of citizenship	Paul Sahli (born 24 April 1948) is a Swiss juggler from Lostorf, Switzerland.	Paul Sahli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Kim Jin-sun (Hangeul: 김진선, hanja: 金振兟; born November 10, 1946) is a former governor of Gangwon Province, South Korea, and former president of the Pyeongchang 2018 Olympic Organizing Committee for the 2018 Winter Olympics which will be held in Pyeongchang, South Korea.	Kim Jin-sun	South Korea
country of citizenship	Ho Kim Fai (Chinese: 何劍暉; Jyutping: ho4 gim3 fai1; born November 27, 1962) is a Hong Kong rower and sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.	Ho Kim Fai	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Eduard Mochalov is a former businessman from Russia who survived corporate raid on his business and took the path of a ``crusading journalist'', bringing to light numerous facts of corruption among local officials.	Eduard Mochalov	Russia
country of citizenship	He has released three albums including Burhan G in 2010 and Din for evigt, both certified platinum in Denmark.	Burhan G	Denmark
country of citizenship	Manon Gauthier is a politician and administrator in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Manon Gauthier	Canada
country of citizenship	Rénald Metelus (born 6 January 1993 in Levallois-Perret, France) is a French-Haitian footballer.	Rénald Metelus	France
country of citizenship	August Thalheimer was born 18 March 1884 in Affaltrach, now called Obersulm, Württemberg, Germany.	August Thalheimer	Germany
country of citizenship	Augustin Keller (10 November 1805, Sarmenstorf, Aargau - 8 January 1883) was a Swiss politician and a co-founder of the Christian Catholic Church of Switzerland, the Old Catholic Church in Switzerland.	Augustin Keller	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Born in Punjabi family in Pakistan's fourth-largest city, Rawalpindi, Javed Sheikh made his acting debut in the Lollywood film Dhamaka, released on 14 December 1974.	Javed Sheikh	Pakistan
country of citizenship	He was born in Na Seng village, Khanthabouli district (now Kaysone Phomvihane District, Savannakhet Province), Laos.	Kaysone Phomvihane	Laos
country of citizenship	Wayne Jacques is a former provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada.	Wayne Jacques	Canada
country of citizenship	Vidi Aldiano (born Oxavia Aldiano, 23 March 1990) is a singer, musician and songwriter from Indonesia.	Vidi Aldiano	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Therese Aune (born 3 May 1987 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian musician and songwriter.	Therese Aune	Norway
country of citizenship	Jane Claxton (born 26 October 1992 in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian field hockey player.	Jane Claxton	Australia
country of citizenship	Jacob Nena (born October 10, 1941) is a Micronesian political figure who served as the fourth President of the Federated States of Micronesia from 1996 to 1999.	Jacob Nena	Federated States of Micronesia
country of citizenship	Mariam Matossian (born at Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada) is a musician specialising in Armenian folk music.	Mariam Matossian	Canada
country of citizenship	Gabriele Gatti (born 27 March 1953) is a Sammarinese politician who was a captain regent (head of government for San Marino) for the October, 2011 to April, 2012 political term.	Gabriele Gatti	San Marino
country of citizenship	Bhichit Rattakul (Thai: พิจิตต รัตตกุล), (born August 30, 1946) is a Thai politician who served as the governor of Bangkok from 1996 to 2000 and the science minister for Thailand.	Bhichit Rattakul	Thailand
country of citizenship	In 1937, Hugo Pratt moved with his mother to Abyssinia (Ethiopia), joining his father who was working there following the conquest of that country by Benito Mussolini's Italy.	Hugo Pratt	Italy
country of citizenship	Roland Kaiser (born May 10, 1952 in Berlin as Ronald Keiler) is a schlager singer-songwriter from Germany.	Roland Kaiser	Germany
country of citizenship	Born on April 16, 1904 in Piedmont, Italy, Ernest Joseph Boffa relocated as a young child to Canada with his family, living first in Calgary and then in Thunder Bay (Fort William), Ontario.	Ernest Joseph Boffa	Italy
country of citizenship	Jamie Coyne (born 2 January 1982 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian football (soccer) player.	Jamie Coyne	Australia
country of citizenship	Gustavo Esteva (born August 20, 1936 in Mexico City) is a Mexican activist, ``deprofessionalized intellectual'' and founder of the Universidad de la Tierra in the Mexican city of Oaxaca.	Gustavo Esteva	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ricardo Almendáriz (fl. 1787) was a Guatemalan draftsman who accompanied Antonio del Río to the first excavation of pre-Columbian Maya ruins at Palenque in Chiapas, Mexico.	Ricardo Almendáriz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rebekah Johansson (May 4, 1981 in Enköping -- February 23, 2011) was a Swedish glamour model who also participated in Big Brother Sweden 2004 Johansson modelled for men's magazines such as FHM, Moore Magazine and American Playboy Magazine, she started her career at MIKAS modeling agency.	Rebekah Johansson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Olga Bodnar is a Ukrainian politician, People's Deputy of Ukraine, member of the 5th and 6th convocations of Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, member of the fraction Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc.	Olga Bodnar	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Pierre Galet was born in Monaco in 1921 and spent most his life in southern France.	Pierre Galet	France
country of citizenship	Alex de Angelis (born 26 February 1984) is a motorcycle road racer from San Marino who currently competes in the Superbike World Championship aboard an Aprilia RSV4.	Alex de Angelis	San Marino
country of citizenship	Alexandre Danilevsky (Russian: Александр Данилевский; born in 1957 in St. Petersburg) is a Russian-born French composer, lutenist, vielle player, active in Metz, France.	Alexandre Danilevsky	France
country of citizenship	In May 2011, Nucentz won Ireland's First Rap Superstar Competition to collaborate with world-wide hip-hop star Lupe Fiasco.	Nucentz	Ireland
country of citizenship	Arthur Edward Ochse (11 March 1870 in Graaff-Reinet, Cape Colony, South Africa -- 11 April 1918 at Messines Ridge, France), played Test cricket in the first matches played by the South African team in 1888-89.	Arthur Edward Ochse	South Africa
country of citizenship	Elsa Beatrice Kidson (18 March 1905 -- 25 July 1979) was a New Zealand soil scientist and sculptor.	Elsa Beatrice Kidson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Manu Militari (born May 21, 1979) is a francophone rapper from Montreal, Quebec in Canada.	Manu Militari	Canada
country of citizenship	Dorota Jędrusińska, née Dydo (born February 4, 1982 in Mielec) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Poland.	Dorota Jędrusińska	Poland
country of citizenship	Oscar González Guerrero (born January 17, 1926 in Mexico City) is a comic book artist mostly known for his co-creations Hermelinda Linda and Zor y Los Invencibles.	Oscar González Guerrero	Mexico
country of citizenship	William Wensley Smith (1887--1955) was a Canadian who founded W.W. Smith Insurance Ltd., one of the oldest insurance brokerages in Saskatchewan, Canada.	William Wensley Smith	Canada
country of citizenship	Miloš Adamović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилoш Aдaмoвић; born 19 June 1988 in Šabac, SR Serbia) is a Serbian footballer.	Miloš Adamović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Vanessa Kraven is a Canadian professional wrestler who competes in several independent promotions in both the United States and Canada.	Vanessa Kraven	Canada
country of citizenship	Algirdas Petrusevičius (born 23 February 1937 in Klaipėda) is an anti-Soviet dissident, partisan and political prisoner, a leader in the creation of Lithuania's army, an inventor of weapons for guerrilla warfare, and a member of Lithuania's parliament from 1996 to 2000.	Algirdas Petrusevičius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Amir Vahedi (February 25, 1961 -- January 8, 2010) was an Iranian professional poker player born in Tehran, Iran.	Amir Vahedi	Iran
country of citizenship	Jabril Hassan Mohammed is a Somali international footballer who currently plays as a striker for Dong Thap and the Somalia national team.	Jabril Hassan Mohammed	Somalia
country of citizenship	Luc Leblanc (born August 4, 1966 in Limoges, France) is a retired French professional cyclist.	Luc Leblanc	France
country of citizenship	Annette Dytrt was born in Landshut, Germany, the daughter of Czech immigrants.	Annette Dytrt	Germany
country of citizenship	Habib Koité (Bambara: Habib Kuwate, born 1958 in Thiès, Senegal) is a solo singer, songwriter and guitarist, based in Mali.	Habib Koité	Mali
country of citizenship	Siniša Vuco (born 29 April 1971 in Split, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia), his stage name being simply Vuco, is a Croatian singer, songwriter.	Siniša Vuco	Croatia
country of citizenship	Saskia Holmkvist (born 1971) is a conceptual artist from Sweden, working mainly with video.	Saskia Holmkvist	Sweden
country of citizenship	Carl Stettler (* June 6, 1861 in Eggiwil/Switzerland, † February 1, 1920 in Memphis/Tennessee) was born at Eggiwil near Berne, Switzerland on June 6, 1861.	Carl Stettler	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Ishwar Singh (b 10 April 1950,Jadaula, Distt. Kaithal (Haryana)) is politician from Indian Congress in Haryana state of India.	Ishwar Singh	India
country of citizenship	Om Gurung is head of the Central Department of Sociology/Anthropology of the Tribhuvan University of Nepal.	Om Gurung	Nepal
country of citizenship	It is thought that Adomnán may have begun his monastic career at a Columban monastery called Druim Tuamma, but any Columban foundation in northern Ireland or Dál Riata is a possibility, although Durrow is a stronger possibility than most.	Adomnán	Ireland
country of citizenship	Dolores Paterno y Ignacio (anglicized as Dolores Ignacio Paterno or Dolores Paterno-Ignacio) was born on March 10, 1854 in Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines.	Dolores Paterno	Philippines
country of citizenship	Grace Winifred Green (13 February 1907 -- 25 May 1976) was a New Zealand radio broadcaster and journalist.	Grace Winifred Green	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peter Mayo (born 1955) is a professor, speaker, editor, writer, and head of the Department of Arts, Open Communities and Adult Education at the University of Malta.	Peter Mayo	Malta
country of citizenship	Cosme Rivera (born July 19, 1976 in Huatabampo, Sonora, Mexico) is a professional boxer.	Cosme Rivera	Mexico
country of citizenship	Roland Poirier Martinsson (born in Aahus, Kristianstad County, Sweden, 15 February 1962) is an author, conservative philosopher and radio- and TV-personality from Sweden, now living in Austin, Texas.	Roland Poirier Martinsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Rakesh Roshan was honoured on 3 December 2006 during the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in Panaji for his contribution to mainstream cinema.	Rakesh Roshan	India
country of citizenship	Reweti Tuhorouta Kohere (11 April 1871 -- 9 August 1954) was a New Zealand Anglican clergyman, newspaper journalist and editor, farmer, writer, historian.	Reweti Tuhorouta Kohere	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Shymko (Ukrainian: Олександр Шимко), born August 4, 1977 in Borshchiv, Ukraine, is an award-winning Ukrainian composer and pianist.	Aleksandr Shymko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Sheela Gowda (Kannada: ಶೀಲಾ ಗೌಡ, born 1957 in Bhadravati, India) is a contemporary artist living and working in Bangalore.	Sheela Gowda	India
country of citizenship	Józef Kupny is also a sociologist, having lectured in several universities in Poland (primarily in Silesia), and author of various sociologist publications.	Józef Kupny	Poland
country of citizenship	Joey Lina is former Laguna governor and former senator of the Philippines.	Joey Lina	Philippines
country of citizenship	Luis Concepción (born 1985-10-06 as Luis Miguel Concepción Montiel) is a professional boxer from Panama City.	Luis Concepción	Panama
country of citizenship	Michalis Grigoriou (born 19 December 1973 in Athens, Greece) is a former Greek football player and current coach.	Michalis Grigoriou	Greece
country of citizenship	Ramón Castilla y Marquesado (31 August 1797 -- 25 May 1867) was a Peruvian caudillo and President of Peru four times.	Ramón Castilla	Peru
country of citizenship	Manuel Rengifo Cardenas (Santiago de Chile, Kingdom of Chile, December 31, 1793 -- Talca, Chile, March 16, 1845), he was a Chilean politician, minister presidents José Tomás Ovalle, Fernando Errázuriz, José Joaquín Prieto Vial and Manuel Bulnes Prieto.	Manuel Rengifo	Chile
country of citizenship	Ani Takidze enjoys regular concert activity with recitals and concerts with orchestra in Europe, and in her native Georgia.	Ani Takidze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Gideon Iitula (b. Ovamboland, Namibia) was one of the first seven Ovambo pastors, whom the director of the Finnish Missionary Society, Matti Tarkkanen ordained into priesthood in Oniipa, Ovamboland, on 27 September 1925, with a permission granted by the Bishop of Tampere, Jaakko Gummerus.	Gideon Iitula	Namibia
country of citizenship	Malik Meraj Khalid (Urdu: ملک معراج خالد‎; 20 September 1915-- 13 June 2003), was a Pakistani left wing statesman and Marxist philosopher who served as the acting Prime Minister of Pakistan from November 1996 until February 1997.	Malik Meraj Khalid	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Jah Cure, or Iyah Cure (born Siccature Alcock on 11 October 1978 in Hanover, Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae musician, who was raised in Kingston.	Jah Cure	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Willem Johan Herman Mulier, known as Pim Mulier (10 March 1865 -- 12 April 1954) was one of the leading figures in sporting history of the Netherlands.	Pim Mulier	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Christian Vásquez (born 1984, Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan conductor and violinist.	Christian Vásquez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Weber (born 26 June 1944) is a German former footballer best remembered for scoring the last-minute equaliser for West Germany in the 1966 World Cup final.	Wolfgang Weber	Germany
country of citizenship	Seyyed Mohammad Fazlhashemi (Persian: سید محمد فضل هاشمی‎‎) was born in Tehran/Iran in 1961.	Mohammad Fazlhashemi	Iran
country of citizenship	Zu Dashou (died 1656), courtesy name Fuyu, was a Chinese military general who served on the northern border of the Ming dynasty during the Manchu conquest of China.	Zu Dashou	China
country of citizenship	Bidur Prasad Sapkota (Nepali: विदुर प्रसाद सापकोटा) is Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist--Leninist).	Bidur Prasad Sapkota	Nepal
country of citizenship	Biography at the Tate Gallery Robert MacBryde on the Gazeteer for Scotland An Anthology from X (Oxford University Press 1988).	Robert MacBryde	Scotland
country of citizenship	Narges Abyar (Persian: نرگس آبیار‎‎) (born 1970 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian author, film director and screenwriter best known for directing a famous film named Trench 143.	Narges Abyar	Iran
country of citizenship	Juho Lallukka (February 3, 1852 in Räisälä, Finland -- December 1, 1913 in Viipuri) was a Finnish businessman, commercial counsellor, and a patron of the arts.	Juho Lallukka	Finland
country of citizenship	Andrés Waissman is a visual artist born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1955.	Andrés Waissman	Argentina
country of citizenship	Maung Maung Ta's debut into the Myanmar cinema industry was spectacular.	Maung Maung Ta	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Hashem Aghajari served in the Iran-Iraq War where he lost his right leg below the knee, and his brother.	Hashem Aghajari	Iran
country of citizenship	Henry Niccol (22 September 1819 -- 9 November 1887) was a New Zealand shipbuilder.	Henry Niccol	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Daniel Monserrat, better known by his stage name Dani M (born in Gävle on 6 January 1990), is a rapper and reggae singer from Uppsala, Sweden.	Dani M	Sweden
country of citizenship	Arantxa Ochoa (born in Valladolid, Spain) is a principal dancer with the Pennsylvania Ballet.	Arantxa Ochoa	Spain
country of citizenship	Peter Sasdy (born 27 May 1935 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian-born British film and television director.	Peter Sasdy	Hungary
country of citizenship	Daniel Matto (born 2 December 1978 in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian singer-songwriter of Italian descent.	Daniel Matto	Australia
country of citizenship	Tjokorda Gde Raka Soekawati (new spelling: Cokorda Gde Raka Sukawati), (born January 15, 1899 in Ubud, Gianyar, Bali, died 1967) was the only President of the State of East Indonesia from 1946 to its disestablishment in 1950.	Tjokorda Gde Raka Soekawati	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Ademola Rasaq Seriki (born November 30, 1959) is a Lagos Island born Nigerian politician, teacher, businessman, accountant and public administrator and a prominent native of Lagos State of Nigeria.	Ademola Rasaq Seriki	Nigeria
country of citizenship	André Jeanquartier (born 1941 in Le Locle, Switzerland) is a Swiss jazz pianist.	André Jeanquartier	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Rasmus Walter-Hansen or just Rasmus Walter is a Danish singer and guitarist originating from Aarhus, Denmark.	Rasmus Walter	Denmark
country of citizenship	Jeremiah Connolly (1875 -- 2 October 1935) was an Independent Liberal Member of Parliament for Mid-Canterbury, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Jeremiah Connolly	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alfonso Gómez Méndez (born 19 August 1949) is the 9th Minister of Justice and Law of Colombia.	Alfonso Gómez Méndez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Ko Kan Ko Sata is a musician from southern Mali.	Ko Kan Ko Sata	Mali
country of citizenship	Jesse Taitano is a professional mixed martial artist from Guam.	Jesse Taitano	Guam
country of citizenship	Hala Mohammad al-Nasser (born 1964) is the current Minister of Housing and Construction for Syria, serving since 2011.	Hala Mohammad al-Nasser	Syria
country of citizenship	Victor Victori (born August 16, 1943) is a portraitist, painter, sculptor, author and ordained Minister originally from South Korea.	Victor Victori	South Korea
country of citizenship	Marja Wokke (born 21 March 1957 in Bergen, North Holland) is a former marathon runner from the Netherlands, most active in the 1970s.	Marja Wokke	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Feni Rosewidyadhari, or ``Feni Rose'' (born in Malang, 1 November 1973) is an Indonesia TV presenter and entrepreneur.	Feni Rose	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Hélène Chanel (born Hélène Stoliaroff June 12, 1941 in Deauville, Calvados, France) is a former French actress of Russian heritage.	Hélène Chanel	France
country of citizenship	Dick de Groot (born 1920) was born in Scheveningen, a beach suburb of The Hague in the Netherlands.	Dick de Groot	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Salvador Videgain García (Madrid, February 26, 1886 -- f. ib., October 12, 1957) was a famous actor of comedy and zarzuela during the first half of the 20th century in Spain.	Salvador Videgain	Spain
country of citizenship	Mey Vidal (born October 10, 1984), in the city of Palma Soriano in the province of Santiago de Cuba.	Mey Vidal	Cuba
country of citizenship	Ningombam Bupenda Meitei was born in Imphal, Manipur to the descendant of Maharaja Kullachandra of Manipur whose royal throne was recognised by the Viceroy of India, Lord Lansdowne.	Ningombam Bupenda Meitei	India
country of citizenship	Amanda Billing (born 1 January 1976 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand actress best known for her role as Doctor Sarah Potts on New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street.	Amanda Billing	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Saskia Rao-de Haas (born 1971) is a virtuoso cellist and composer from the Netherlands based in New Delhi, India.	Saskia Rao-de Haas	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Giorgi Kvirikashvili (Georgian: გიორგი კვირიკაშვილი; born July 20, 1967) is a Georgian politician who has served as Prime Minister of Georgia since December 30, 2015.	Giorgi Kvirikashvili	Georgia
country of citizenship	Joachim Levy (born 1976 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a Swiss film director, screenwriter, showrunner.	Joachim Levy	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Lordy Rodriguez (born 1976; Quezon City, Philippines) is a contemporary artist who uses cartography and maps to reconfigure factual locations and create fictional assemblage pieces.	Lordy Rodriguez	Philippines
country of citizenship	Édouard Séguin (January 20, 1812 -- October 28, 1880) was a physician and educationist born in Clamecy, Nièvre, France.	Édouard Séguin	France
country of citizenship	Maria Farida Indrati, S.H., M.H. (referred to as Farida; born 14 June 1949) is a justice at the Constitutional Court of Indonesia.	Maria Farida Indrati	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Andy Kuntz was born on November 20, 1962 in Kaiserslautern, Germany Since age 14, he has been interested in singing and he always wanted to be a ``big rock star''.	Andy Kuntz	Germany
country of citizenship	Barbara Rosenkranz (née Schörghofer; born 20 July 1958 in Salzburg) is an Austrian politician for the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ), currently serving as the Minister of Building Law and Animal Protection of the State of Lower Austria (since 2008).	Barbara Rosenkranz	Austria
country of citizenship	Oscar Nemon (born Oscar Neumann; 13 March 1906 -- 13 April 1985) was a Croatian sculptor who was born in Osijek, Croatia, but eventually settled in England.	Oscar Nemon	Croatia
country of citizenship	Jean Ven Robert Hal is one of the few representatives in Italy and belongs to the current musical wave of the Kosmische Musik genre with many ``cultural'' pieces.	Jean Ven Robert Hal	Italy
country of citizenship	Robin Duff (1947 -- 16 February 2015) was a New Zealand teacher, education leader and gay rights activitist.	Robin Duff	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dr. Emilio Diena (1860--1941), was an Italian philatelist who specialized in the postage stamps of Italy and published substantial research on the subject.	Emilio Diena	Italy
country of citizenship	Jacqueline Diffring (born February 7, 1920 in Koblenz, Germany) is a German-British sculptor.	Jacqueline Diffring	Germany
country of citizenship	Abdullah Abdurahman (18 December 1872 -- 2 February 1940) was a South African politician and physician, born in Wellington, South Africa.	Abdullah Abdurahman	South Africa
country of citizenship	Jokke Sommer (born June 6, 1986 in Oslo, Norway) is a professional skydiver and BASE jumper.	Jokke Sommer	Norway
country of citizenship	Ubaldo Pacchierotti (Italy, 1875/6 - April 21, 1916) was an Italian composer who wrote several operas that were produced or published between 1899 and 1920.	Ubaldo Pacchierotti	Italy
country of citizenship	Luis Cardoza y Aragón (June 21, 1901 - September 4, 1992) was a Guatemalan writer, essayist, poet, art critic, and diplomat born in Antigua Guatemala but who spent a good part of his life living in exile in Mexico.	Luis Cardoza y Aragón	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Tanel Sokk has been a member of the Estonia national basketball team since 2002.	Tanel Sokk	Estonia
country of citizenship	P. Valsala (Malayalam: പി. വത്സല; born 4 April 1938) is a Malayalam novelist, short story writer, social activist, and a retired Head Mistress from Kerala state, South India.	P. Valsala	India
country of citizenship	Olaf Isaachsen is regarded as one of Norway's more prominent artists and great colourist with motives from Setesdalen and the coast landscape of Southern Norway.	Olaf Isaachsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Prabhu Chawla born in Lahore, Punjab, British India in 1946, is the Editorial Director of The New Indian Express, a Chennai-based newspaper in India.	Prabhu Chawla	India
country of citizenship	Merve Akıl played in her hometown club TSG 05 Bamberg until the end of 2012-13 season before she moved to Turkey.	Merve Akıl	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mehdi Shiri Shourijeh (Persian: مهدی شیری شوریجه‎, born 14 May 1978 in Shiraz, Iran) is an Iranian football Midfielder who currently plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz in the second tier of Iranian football league, the Azadegan League.	Mehdi Shiri	Iran
country of citizenship	Omer Fast (born 1972, Jerusalem, Israel) is a contemporary video artist.	Omer Fast	Israel
country of citizenship	Brunó Ferenc Straub (January 5, 1914, Nagyvárad, Austria-Hungary (now Oradea, Romania) -- February 15, 1996) was a biochemist.	Brunó Ferenc Straub	Hungary
country of citizenship	Valete is a Portuguese language political hip hop artist named Keidje Lima that has enjoyed some critical success in his home country of Portugal.	Valete	Portugal
country of citizenship	Eugenio Finardi was born in Milan, Italy, on July 16, 1952, in a musical family: his father Enzo was an Italian music sound engineer and his mother Eloise an American opera singer; at age six Finardi made his first record, Palloncino Rosso Fuoco, a children song.	Eugenio Finardi	Italy
country of citizenship	Mary Elizabeth Small (1812--1908) was a notable New Zealand market gardener and farmer.	Mary Elizabeth Small	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pernell Saturnino is a Grammy Award winner percussionist from the Caribbean island of Curaçao.	Pernell Saturnino	Curaçao
country of citizenship	James Henry Marriott (c. 1800--25 August 1886) was a New Zealand theatre manager, actor, entertainer, dramatist, songwriter, engraver, optician and bookseller.	James Henry Marriott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Khwaja Saeed Hai (born 5 March 1930 in British India) is a former Pakistan No. 1 tennis player, and the first Pakistani tennis player to reach the main draw of a Grand Slam through qualifying matches.	Khwaja Saeed Hai	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Sotiris Kaiafas (born 17 December 1949 in Mia Milia, Nicosia) is a retired Cypriot footballer, who played for Omonia and Cyprus.	Sotiris Kaiafas	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Alongside her career as a television presenter, Amanda founded Amanda Hamilton Ltd in 2007, which organises and licenses health and weight-loss retreats in the United Kingdom.	Amanda Hamilton	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Siegfried Wortmann (born Austria; died United States) was an early twentieth century Austrian football (soccer) inside forward who played professionally in Austria and the United States.	Siegfried Wortmann	Austria
country of citizenship	Kevin Breit is a Canadian guitarist, vocalist, and singer-songwriter from McKerrow, Ontario, Canada.	Kevin Breit	Canada
country of citizenship	Abdolreza Barzegari (Persian: عبدالرضا برزگری‎‎; born 3 July 1958 in Abadan, Iran) is a former Iranian football player.	Abdolreza Barzegari	Iran
country of citizenship	Bárbaro Garbey (/ɡɑrˈbeɪ/ gar-BAY; born December 4, 1956, in Santiago de Cuba, Cuba) is a former utility player in Major League Baseball.	Bárbaro Garbey	Cuba
country of citizenship	Ipeelee Kilabuk (1932--2000) was a territorial level politician from Pangnirtung, Northwest Territories, (now Nunavut) Canada.	Ipeelee Kilabuk	Canada
country of citizenship	Dennis Orcollo (born January 28, 1979), sometimes called Dennis Orcullo, is a Filipino professional pool player, nicknamed ``Surigao'' (after a province in the Philippines) and ``RoboCop''.	Dennis Orcollo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Paul Odlin (born 19 September 1978) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist, best known for winning the 2012 New Zealand national championship in the individual time trial.	Paul Odlin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Born in San Jorge, Argentina, David Depetris began his career with hometown club C.D. San Jorge.	David Depetris	Argentina
country of citizenship	Denis Petushinskiy (Russian: Денис Петушинский; born 28 June 1967 in Irkutsk) is a retired pole vaulter who represented New Zealand after switching from Russia in 1998.	Denis Petushinskiy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Giovanni Galzerani (circa 1789 - after 1853) was an Italian choreographer, ballet dancer, and composer who was active in major theatres throughout Italy from 1808 to 1853.	Giovanni Galzerani	Italy
country of citizenship	Rachel Nash is a New Zealand actress who has appeared in many local films and television series over the years in New Zealand.	Rachel Nash	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Carlo Bisiach (1892 -- 1968) was a violin maker born in Milan Italy.	Carlo Bisiach	Italy
country of citizenship	Mario Lavista (born April 3, 1943 in Mexico City) is a Mexican composer, writer and intellectual.	Mario Lavista	Mexico
country of citizenship	Maxime Giroux (born 16 April 1976 in Montreal) is a film director from Quebec, Canada.	Maxime Giroux	Canada
country of citizenship	Mahmud Gawan (1411, Iran -1481) was a prime minister in the Bahamani Sultanate of Deccan.	Mahmud Gawan	Iran
country of citizenship	Yvon Marcoux (born March 26, 1941 in Lévis, Quebec) is a politician and administrator in Quebec, Canada.	Yvon Marcoux	Canada
country of citizenship	Colin Gonsalves is a Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court of India.	Colin Gonsalves	India
country of citizenship	Yusuf Dikeç (born January 1, 1973 in Taşoluk, Göksun, Kahramanmaraş Province, Turkey) is a Turkish sport shooter competing in the pistol events.	Yusuf Dikeç	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jean Rhys, CBE (/ˈdʒiːn riːs/; 24 August 1890 -- 14 May 1979), born Ella Gwendolyn Rees Williams, was a mid-20th-century novelist who was born and grew up in the Caribbean island of Dominica, though she was mainly resident in England from the age of 16.	Jean Rhys	Dominica
country of citizenship	Ciprian Petre Porumb (born 6 March 1971) is a Romanian retired professional tennis player and current captain of the Romania Davis Cup Team.	Ciprian Petre Porumb	Romania
country of citizenship	Mapitigama Buddharakkitha (1921−1967) was the chief conspirator of the assassination of fourth Prime Minister of Ceylon (later Sri Lanka), S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike.	Mapitigama Buddharakkitha	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	George Henry Frederick Ulrich FGS (born as Georg Heinrich Friedrich Ulrich) (7 July 1830 -- 26 May 1900) was a notable New Zealand mineralogist, university professor and director of the school of mines.	George Henry Frederick Ulrich	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paolo Elito Macapagal Ballesteros IV (born November 29, 1982 in Cabanatuan City, Nueva Ecija, Philippines) better known as Paolo Ballesteros is a Filipino actor, TV host, model and impersonator.	Paolo Ballesteros	Philippines
country of citizenship	Dumnorix (spelled Dubnoreix on coins) was a chieftain of the Aedui, a Celtic tribe in Gaul in the 1st century B.C. He was the younger brother of Divitiacus, the Aedui Druid and statesmen.	Dumnorix	Gaul
country of citizenship	Born in Loire Atlantique (France), Guy Hersant entered apprenticeship at the age of sixteen and obtained his CAP in photography while working as an assistant for several photographers.	Guy Hersant	France
country of citizenship	Johann Schober (14 November 1874 -- 19 August 1932) was an Austrian police official who served three times as Chancellor of Austria (his initial term being interrupted for two days in office by Walter Breisky).	Johann Schober	Austria
country of citizenship	Monika Pflug (born 1 March 1954), also known as Monika Holzner-Pflug and Monika Gawenus-Pflug, is a former speed skater from Germany.	Monika Pflug	Germany
country of citizenship	Alfredo Chávez (born October 23, 1989 in San Juan Zitlaltepec, municipality of Zumpango, State of Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Welterweight division.	Alfredo Chávez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Gündüz Tekin Onay (31 May 1942 in Çankırı -- 4 January 2008 in İstanbul, Turkey) was a Turkish footballer and coach who also trained Istanbul club Beşiktaş between 1976 and 1977.	Gündüz Tekin Onay	Turkey
country of citizenship	Pacha Khan Zadran (Pashto: پاچا خان ځدراڼ‎) is a militia leader and a politician in the southeast of Afghanistan.	Pacha Khan Zadran	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Rob Szabo (born 29 October 1965) is a darts player from New Zealand.	Rob Szabo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Brigitte Wagner (born November 22, 1983 in Freising, West Germany) is a retired amateur German freestyle wrestler, who competed in the women's flyweight category.	Brigitte Wagner	Germany
country of citizenship	Roger Beuchat (born January 2, 1972 in Court, Switzerland) is a retired Swiss cyclist.	Roger Beuchat	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Grecia Dolores Colmenares Mieussens (born December 7, 1962 in Valencia, Venezuela), better known plainly as Grecia Colmenares, is a Venezuelan-Argentine actress who gained fame across Latin America, specially during the 1980s.	Grecia Colmenares	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Ludovico Scarfiotti (18 October 1933 -- 8 June 1968) was a Formula One and sports car driver from Italy.	Ludovico Scarfiotti	Italy
country of citizenship	Wayne Pride (born 29 June) is an Australian country music and memory lane musician, who started his career in 1959 as a vocalist and guitarist in Sydney, Australia.	Wayne Pride	Australia
country of citizenship	Dharma Kumar (1928-October 19, 2001) was an Indian economic historian, noted for her work on the agrarian history of India.	Dharma Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Shiv Narayan Singh Chauhan, a politician, presently State General Secretary, All India Forward Bloc, Uttar Pradesh	Shiv Narayan Singh Chauhan	India
country of citizenship	Habib Benglia (1895--1960) was an Algerian-born film actor who settled in France.	Habib Benglia	France
country of citizenship	Alberto Contreras was a Spanish-born stage and film actor who settled in Argentina.	Alberto Contreras	Argentina
country of citizenship	Born in Athens the 18 september, Kostas Lamprou was just 13 when he left his homeland Greece for the Netherlands.	Kostas Lamprou	Greece
country of citizenship	Serghei Gheorghiev (born 20 October 1991) in Chirsova, Moldova is an ethnic Bulgarian footballer who plays as a Midfielder.	Serghei Gheorghiev	Moldova
country of citizenship	Mary Mallon was born in 1869 - in Cookstown, County Tyrone, Ireland.	Mary Mallon	Ireland
country of citizenship	Previously, Wim van der Eijk held positions at the Netherlands Patent Office and in the Ministry of Economic Affairs of the Netherlands, he served as an honorary judge at the District Court of The Hague, and he was Principal Director of Patent Law and Multilateral Affairs at the EPO.	Wim van der Eijk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Venerable Father Pio Bruno Pancrazio Lanteri, O.M.V., or simply Bruno Lanteri (12 May 1759 -- 5 August 1830), was a Catholic priest and founder of the religious congregation of the Oblates of the Virgin Mary in the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia in northwestern Italy in the early 19th century.	Bruno Lanteri	Italy
country of citizenship	Roman Chatov was born in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, to a theater impresario and his wife.	Roman Chatov	Russia
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Degenhardt (19 May 1924 -- 8 November 1993) was an artist, prominent in Newcastle located in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia.	Wolfgang Degenhardt	Australia
country of citizenship	Peter Besler (born October 5, 1963) is an investment advisor and author residing in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Peter Besler	Canada
country of citizenship	In April 2005, Lindsay Owen-Jones was recognised for his significant contribution to France when he was decorated by the French Minister of Foreign Affairs as Commander of the Légion d’Honneur.	Lindsay Owen-Jones	France
country of citizenship	Saúl Ongaro (born in La Plata, Argentina) is a former footballer who played for clubs in Argentina and Chile.	Saúl Ongaro	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kato Hideki (b. 1962 in Nagoya, Japan; 加藤英樹, family name Kato) is a Japanese musician and composer.	Kato Hideki	Japan
country of citizenship	Werner Cohn (born in Berlin, Germany in 1926) is a sociologist who has written on the sociology of Jews and of Gypsies, and political sociology.	Werner Cohn	Germany
country of citizenship	Mario van der Ende (born March 28, 1956 in The Hague, South Holland) is a retired football referee and coordinator from the Netherlands.	Mario van der Ende	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Stephanie Frances Bailey, more commonly known by the Australian Registered Business Name Stephanie Messenger, is an anti-vaccination activist, lecturer and author from Brisbane, Australia who believes her son was killed by vaccination.	Stephanie Messenger	Australia
country of citizenship	Gwen John was born in Haverfordwest, Wales, the second of four children of Edwin William John and his wife Augusta (née Smith).	Gwen John	Wales
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Tolosa is an Argentinian composer, pianist and conductor, born in Córdoba (Argentina) on October 2, 1966.	Juan Carlos Tolosa	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre Emile Boeres (1890--1944) was a Luxembourg composer, organist and choir master.	Emile Boeres	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Tahir Mamedov (Azerbaijani: Tahir Məmmədov, Russian: Таир Намикович Мамедов) (born October 2, 1981 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is a TV host, entertainer, actor, comedian and singer.	Tahir Mamedov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Charles Owen O'Conor, O'Conor Don PC (Irish: Cathal Eóghan Ó Conchubhair Donn; 7 May 1838 -- 30 June 1906), was an Irish MP of the United Kingdom.	Charles Owen O'Conor	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Rovena Marku (born May 21, 1987 in Shkodër) is an Olympic freestyle swimmer from Albania, who represented her native country at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics.	Rovena Marku	Albania
country of citizenship	Major General Hassan Tehrani Moghaddam (Persian: حسن تهرانی مقدم‎‎) (29 October 1959 -- 12 November 2011) the main architect of the Iranian missile system and the founder of Iran's deterrent power, was the chief of the ``self-sufficiency'' unit of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution.	Hassan Tehrani Moghaddam	Iran
country of citizenship	Mirosław Złotkowski (born in Białystok, Poland, 23 June 1956 -- died in Christchurch, New Zealand, 24 March 2006) was a Polish Greco-Roman wrestler who changed to Freestyle wrestling after emigrating to New Zealand.	Mirosław Złotkowski	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Luis Alberto Lazarte (born 1971-03-04 in Mar del Plata, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a professional boxer who resides in his birthtown.	Luis Alberto Lazarte	Argentina
country of citizenship	Geoff Dolan (born Geoffrey Patrick Dolan on 29 December 1964 in Lower Hutt, New Zealand) is a New Zealand actor, singer and corporate entertainer who is probably best known in recent times as recurring character, Derrick/Thor in The Almighty Johnsons.	Geoff Dolan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ram Shankar Katheria (also called Ram Shankar) is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India.	Ram Shankar Katheria	India
country of citizenship	Mauricio Henao (born February 16, 1987 in Armenia, Colombia) is a Colombian-American actor best known for his roles in telenovelas.	Mauricio Henao	Colombia
country of citizenship	Zakaria Hashemi (Persian: زکریا هاشمی‎‎; born in 1936 in Rey, Iran ) is an Iranian actor and film director.	Zakaria Hashemi	Iran
country of citizenship	Nikos Kalokairis (born 2 May 1986 in Agrinio, Greece) is a professional football defender who is currently playing for Aris Etoliko.	Nikos Kalokairis	Greece
country of citizenship	Ernst von Wolzogen (23 April 1855 -- 30 August 1934 was a cultural critic, a writer and a founder of Cabaret in Germany.	Ernst von Wolzogen	Germany
country of citizenship	Severin Løvenskiold (7 February 1777 -- 15 September 1856) was a Norwegian nobleman, politician and Prime Minister of Norway.	Severin Løvenskiold	Norway
country of citizenship	Mervi Pohjanheimo (born June 10, 1945 in Mäntyharju, Finland) is a Finnish and television director and producer.	Mervi Pohjanheimo	Finland
country of citizenship	Reuben Abati, born November 7, 1965 in Abeokuta, Ogun State, Nigeria, was Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria.	Reuben Abati	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Roberto Gurgel (born September 24, 1954, Fortaleza) is a former General Prosecutor of Brazil.	Roberto Gurgel	Brazil
country of citizenship	Agostino Bonello (born 11 August 1949, Valletta, Malta), also known as Ino Bonello, is a production designer, art director and film producer.	Agostino Bonello	Malta
country of citizenship	Keo Sokngon (born April 30, 1990 in Kratié, Cambodia) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for Phnom Penh Crown in Cambodian League and also Cambodia national football team.	Keo Sokngon	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Emanuel Rieder (born 1 October 1993 in Brixen, Italy) is an Italian luger.	Emanuel Rieder	Italy
country of citizenship	After an impressive year, Marcos Guilherme was called up by Alexandre Gallo to Brazil under-20 team for the 2015 South American Youth Football Championship.	Marcos Guilherme	Brazil
country of citizenship	James Dunlop FRSE FRS (31 October 1793 -- 22 September 1848) was a Scottish astronomer, noted for his work in Australia.	James Dunlop	Australia
country of citizenship	Jüri Luik has held the positions of Estonian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Estonian Minister of Defense and the permanent representative for Estonia in NATO.	Jüri Luik	Estonia
country of citizenship	The Right Rev. Thomas Johnson Kuto Kalume was a Kenyan politician and the first Clergyman to be elected Member of Parliament (MP) in the history of the National Assembly of Kenya.	Thomas Johnson Kuto Kalume	Kenya
country of citizenship	Vonthongchai Intarawat or Tol was born in Chiang Mai, Thailand.	Vonthongchai Intarawat	Thailand
country of citizenship	Sunali Rathod was born on 17 January in, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Sunali Rathod	India
country of citizenship	Abdelhamid Sharaf (Arabic: الشريف عبدالحميد شرف‎) (8 July 1939 -- 3 July 1980), was Prime Minister of Jordan from December 1979 until his death of a heart attack after seven months in office.	Abdelhamid Sharaf	Jordan
country of citizenship	Glenn H. Mullin (born 1949, Quebec, Canada) is a Tibetologist who lived in the Indian Himalayas between 1972 and 1984, where he studied philosophy, literature, meditation, yoga, and the enlightenment culture under thirty-five of the great living masters from the four schools of Tibetan Buddhism.	Glenn H. Mullin	Canada
country of citizenship	Naveed Qamar (Urdu: نوید قمر‎; born Syed Naveed Qamar (Urdu: سیّد نوید قمر‎) on 22 September 1955), is a senior statesman, and formerly tenured as the Defence Minister of Pakistan.	Naveed Qamar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Otto Lohmüller (born February 4, 1943 in Gengenbach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) is a German figurative painter, sculptor and book illustrator.	Otto Lohmüller	Germany
country of origin	The songs, ``Dekho Dekho'' and ``Miss India Marthi Mujhpe'', were both known as the title song, since the main chorus of both the songs included the title ``Dhamaal''.	Dhamaal	India
country of origin	Pépé le Moko, a criminal on the run from the police in metropolitan France, lives in the Casbah quarter of Algiers, where he is out of reach of the local police.	Pépé le Moko	France
country of origin	On n'est pas couché is a French television programme on France 2.	On n'est pas couché	France
country of origin	The term Canadian white bread is not used at all in Canada; similar to usage of the term Canadian bacon, Canadian white is referred to as ``white bread'' in Canada, and only called ``Canadian white bread'' when it is exported.	Canadian white bread	Canada
country of origin	Andouille (/ænˈduːi/ an-DOO-ee in US English; French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃nduj); from Latin: ``made by insertion'') is a smoked sausage made using pork, originating in France.	Andouille	France
country of origin	Nation Awakes will be Pakistan's first superhero feature film.	Nation Awakes	Pakistan
country of origin	Ji Gong (濟公, pinyin: Jì Gōng; The Mad Monk in English) is a 1993 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Johnny To, and starring Stephen Chow as the ``Mad Monk'' Ji Gong, a popular Chinese folklore figure from the Southern Song Dynasty.	The Mad Monk	Hong Kong
country of origin	The KM-SAM is the middle-tier of South Korea's three-tier aerial and missile defense system.	KM-SAM	South Korea
country of origin	Duse toured it in Italy and abroad and it was the basis for several films and at least three operas, the first of which was Mala Pasqua!	Mala Pasqua!	Italy
country of origin	Pare & Pare is a Philippine comedy musical talk show in the Philippines created by GMA Network.	Pare & Pare	Philippines
country of origin	Kartinah is a now-lost 1940 romance film from the Dutch East Indies that was written and directed by Andjar Asmara.	Kartinah	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	Gundruk (Nepali: गुन्द्रुक, (Pickled Leafy Vegetables) Listen ) is fermented leafy green vegetable and is a popular food in Nepal and claimed to be one of the national dishes.	Gundruk	Nepal
country of origin	Brain Box was a live, interactive quiz show, showing in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland on UTV, and in Scotland on STV, airing every night, beginning after midnight.	Brain Box	Northern Ireland
country of origin	Casino Tycoon 2 (Chinese: 賭城大亨II之至尊無敵) is a 1992 Hong Kong action drama film written, produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Chingmy Yau.	Casino Tycoon 2	Hong Kong
country of origin	Willy Nilly Show is a New Zealand television series originally based on a short film by the same name.	Willy Nilly	New Zealand
country of origin	Clearly Canadian is a North American multi-SKU premium beverage brand, produced by The Clearly Food & Beverage Company of Canada.	Clearly Canadian	Canada
country of origin	The Trap Door is a British animated television series, originally shown in the United Kingdom in 1986.	The Trap Door	United Kingdom
country of origin	As the Light Goes Out (Chinese: 救火英雄) is a 2014 Hong Kong-Chinese disaster film directed by Derek Kwok and starring Nicholas Tse, Shawn Yue, Simon Yam and Hu Jun.	As the Light Goes Out	Hong Kong
country of origin	The significance of Nowruz in the Achaemenid Empire was such that the great Persian king Cambyses II's appointment as the king of Babylon was legitimized only after his participation in the New Year festival (Nowruz).	Nowruz	Achaemenid Empire
country of origin	The Sentimental Swordsman is a 1977 Hong Kong wuxia film written and directed by Chor Yuen and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio.	The Sentimental Swordsman	Hong Kong
country of origin	Directed by John N. Smith, Revolution's Orphans is about a man who flees Hungary, with his daughter Clara, for Canada as the 1956 Hungarian Revolution happens.	Revolution's Orphans	Canada
country of origin	Das Paar im Kahn is a 2004 Swiss German language television film that was filmed and produced at locations in Basel respectively in Switzerland and in France.	Das Paar im Kahn	Switzerland
country of origin	Frescolita is also used to bake cakes in some places in Western Venezuela.	Frescolita	Venezuela
country of origin	Written mainly in Buraquinho Beach, Lauro de Freitas, close to Salvador, Brazil, and concluded in London in mid-1977, Tieta lives up to its full title: ``Tieta the Goat Girl or The Return of The Prodigal Daughter, A Melodramatic Serial Novel in Five Sensational Episodes with a Touching Epilogue:	Tieta	Brazil
country of origin	Movies, Games and Videos (originally called Movies, Movies, Movies) was a television programme shown on ITV in the United Kingdom on Saturdays during the 1990s and early 2000s.	Movies, Games and Videos	United Kingdom
country of origin	My Pal Bob was a United Kingdom television sitcom originally shown in ten episodes from 1957 to 1958.	My Pal Bob	United Kingdom
country of origin	Rollatini is not an actual Italian word; in Italy the dish is known as involtini (e.g., involtini di melanzane).	Rollatini	Italy
country of origin	The Hole Story (original French title: Trou story) is a 2011 documentary film and web documentary directed by Richard Desjardins and Robert Monderie about mining in Canada and its impact on the environment and workers' health.	The Hole Story	Canada
country of origin	Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai is a dramatic love story, releasing in India and other countries on 3 August 2012.	Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai	India
country of origin	The Berlingozzo is a cake from Lamporecchio, in the province of Pistoia, central Italy.	Berlingozzo	Italy
country of origin	English whisky is whisky produced in England.	English whisky	England
country of origin	The Beretta 8000 (Cougar) series pistols are manufactured by Beretta of Italy.	Beretta 8000	Italy
country of origin	The filming of Golapi Ekhon Bilatey began on May 2006 and released on 29 January 2010 in Bangladesh.	Golapi Ekhon Bilatey	Bangladesh
country of origin	Mr. Meaty originally aired on CBC Television in Canada, and Nickelodeon in the United States.	Mr. Meaty	Canada
country of origin	One-Armed Swordsman is a 1967 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio.	One-Armed Swordsman	Hong Kong
country of origin	Peppi & Kokki were a Laurel & Hardy-style double act from the Netherlands; they had their own television series in the 1970s.	Peppi & Kokki	Netherlands
country of origin	Besan barfi (barfee) or Besan ki barfi (Hindi: बेसन की बर्फ़ी, Urdu: بیسن کی برفی) is a barfi sweet from Northern India and Pakistan.	Besan barfi	India
country of origin	Christina Parie (born 10 February 1996), also known by her stage name KYA, is an Australian singer and songwriter, best known as a finalist on the third season of The X Factor Australia in 2011.	Christina Parie	Australia
country of origin	Learning the Ropes is a Canadian-produced sitcom that aired on CTV in Canada and in syndication in the United States from September 1988 to March 1989.	Learning the Ropes	Canada
country of origin	Świat Młodych (Youth's World) was a youth magazine in Poland, published from 1949 to 1993.	Świat Młodych	Poland
country of origin	C.L.I.F. 2 (Courage, Loyalty, Integrity, Fairness, or 警徽天职2) was a police procedural series produced by MediaCorp Singapore in 2013 in collaboration with the Singapore Police Force.	C.L.I.F. 2	Singapore
country of origin	Gustafs skål (English: Gustav's Toast), is a song written by Carl Michael Bellman as a salutation to Gustav III of Sweden, following the coup d'état of 1772, which made himself an autocrat and ended the parliamentary age of liberty.	Gustafs skål	Sweden
country of origin	Curanto is a traditional food of Chiloé Archipelago that has spread to the southern areas of Chile and whose remains dated back about 11.525 ± 90 years no cal BP.	Curanto	Chile
country of origin	Gettin' Square is a crime caper movie set on Australia's Gold Coast and directed by Jonathan Teplitzky.	Gettin' Square	Australia
country of origin	Miss Naked Beauty is a short-lived, six-episode reality television show produced by Maverick Television, aired on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.	Miss Naked Beauty	United Kingdom
country of origin	Tienerklanken, or ``Teen Voices'' when translated to English, was a Dutch language pop music television program of Belgium.	Tienerklanken	Belgium
country of origin	Carte Bleue (English: Blue Card) was a major debit card payment system operating in France.	Carte Bleue	France
country of origin	Wasp Man is an animated series featured on SBS TV Australia.	Wasp Man	Australia
country of origin	The Billionaire tells the story of Aitthipat Kulapongvanich and how he, at the age of nineteen, dropped out from university to launch a packaged fried seaweed business that is now Taokaenoi Food & Marketing and became one of Thailand's youngest (baht) billionaires.	The Billionaire	Thailand
country of origin	Caught in the Net is a 1928 Australian silent film about a woman in high society starring Zillah Bateman, a British theatre star who was touring Australia at the time.	Caught in the Net	Australia
country of origin	Le foto proibite di una signora per bene was released in Italy on November 19, 1970.	Le foto proibite di una signora per bene	Italy
country of origin	PVO NewsDay (formerly titled PVO NewsHour) is an Australian television news and commentary program broadcast 4 times weekly on Sky News Australia.	PVO NewsDay	Australia
country of origin	Cinta 7 Susun is an Indonesian soap opera musical comedy drama produced by SinemArt that aired daily on RCTI at 18:00pm (Indonesia West Time).	Cinta 7 Susun	Indonesia
country of origin	Nightmare Castle was released in Italy on July 16, 1965 where it was distributed by Emmeci.	Nightmare Castle	Italy
country of origin	Animals Do the Funniest Things was a comedy show in the United Kingdom that aired on ITV.	Animals Do the Funniest Things	United Kingdom
country of origin	Election 2 (literal title: Black Society: Harmony is a Virtue), also known as Triad Election in the United States, is a 2006 Category III Hong Kong crime film directed by Johnnie To with a large ensemble cast that includes Louis Koo, Simon Yam and Nick Cheung.	Election 2	Hong Kong
country of origin	Sinfonia Amazônica, or Amazon Symphony, was Brazil's first animated feature-length film, produced entirely by Anélio Latini Filho over five years and finished in 1951.	Amazon Symphony	Brazil
country of origin	Lancashire wrestling is a historic wrestling style from Lancashire in England.	Lancashire wrestling	England
country of origin	Le Tempestaire was produced by France Illustration.	Le Tempestaire	France
country of origin	Krupnik originated in the territories of present-day Belarus, which were at the time part of the larger Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Krupnik	Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
country of origin	Op zoek naar Mary Poppins (Looking for Mary Poppins) was a 2009 talent show-themed television series produced by the AVRO in the Netherlands and broadcast on AVRO.	Op zoek naar Mary Poppins	Netherlands
country of origin	Gaytime TV was a late-night gay-themed comedy and lifestyle magazine programme broadcast on BBC 2 in the United Kingdom.	Gaytime TV	United Kingdom
country of origin	Kya Yahi Sach Hai was released on 30 December 2011 in cinemas across India.	Kya Yahi Sach Hai	India
country of origin	Cyrano and d'Artagnan had 651,213 admissions in France.	Cyrano and d'Artagnan	France
country of origin	Since 2002, Banlue Group (Banluesarn's head office) has broadcast 3D animated comics featuring PangPond in IMAX and on Channel 3 (Thailand).	PangPond	Thailand
country of origin	Suster Keramas is an adult horror comedy movie from Indonesia produced by Maxima Pictures and distributed by Maleo Pictures.	Suster Keramas	Indonesia
country of origin	It is produced by Sinalco International, a company headquartered in Duisburg, Germany.	Sinalco	Germany
country of origin	The Sound of the Violin in My Lai (Vietnamese: Tiếng vĩ cầm ở Mỹ Lai) is a short film that examines the history and legacy of the My Lai massacre, an incident of the Vietnam War in which hundreds of Vietnamese civilians were massacred by U.S. Army soldiers.	The Sound of the Violin in My Lai	Vietnam
country of origin	The Big Boss (Chinese: 唐山大兄, also known as Fists of Fury) is a 1971 Hong Kong martial arts action film written and directed by Lo Wei, with assistance from Bruce Lee.	The Big Boss	Hong Kong
country of origin	Cavan Cola was a brand of soft drink produced by Cavan Mineral Water Ltd. in the town of Cavan, Ireland.	Cavan Cola	Ireland
country of origin	Cocido montañés (Highlander stew or Mountain stew), is a rich hearty bean stew, originally from and most commonly found in Cantabria in northern Spain.	Cocido montañés	Spain
country of origin	Les Rescapés is a Canadian television drama series, which debuted on Télévision de Radio-Canada in the 2010-11 television season.	Les Rescapés	Canada
country of origin	The Sydney Technical College was a name used by Australia's oldest technical education institution.	Sydney Technical College	Australia
country of origin	Children in Need 2005 was a campaign held in the United Kingdom to raise money for the charity Children in Need.	Children in Need 2005	United Kingdom
country of origin	Daun ubi tumbuk (Indonesian for ``pounded cassava leaves'') is a vegetable dish commonly found in Indonesia, made from ponded cassava leaves.	Daun ubi tumbuk	Indonesia
country of origin	Pie and peas is a traditional meal in the north of England, consisting of an individual pie, typically made with pork, served with mushy peas and gravy.	Pie and peas	England
country of origin	Doing Time for Patsy Cline grossed $671,639 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $940,295 in 2009 dollars.	Doing Time for Patsy Cline	Australia
country of origin	The Burning Times is the second film in the National Film Board of Canada's Women and Spirituality series, following Goddess Remembered and preceding Full Circle.	The Burning Times	Canada
country of origin	The World Is Not Enough premiered on 19 November 1999 in the United States and on 26 November 1999 in the United Kingdom.	The World Is Not Enough	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Groninger Dagblad (English: Groningen Daily) is a former regional newspaper from the Netherlands.	Groninger Dagblad	Netherlands
country of origin	Below the Surface is a 1938 adventure tale set in the coal region of Newcastle, Australia.	Below the Surface	Australia
country of origin	The BRDM-2 (Boyevaya Razvedyvatelnaya Dozornaya Mashina, Боевая Разведывательная Дозорная Машина, literally ``Combat Reconnaissance/Patrol Vehicle'') is an amphibious armoured patrol car used by Russia and the former Soviet Union.	BRDM-2	Soviet Union
country of origin	We're Funny That Way! was an annual comedy festival in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, held from 1997 to 2012.	We're Funny That Way!	Canada
country of origin	Decked Out is a Canadian home renovation television series, which airs on HGTV Canada.	Decked Out	Canada
country of origin	Born Invincible (太极气功) is a 1978 Cinema of Taiwan kung fu film directed by Joseph Kuo, with action choreography by Yuen Woo-ping, and starring Carter Wong, Jack Long and Lo Lieh.	Born Invincible	Taiwan
country of origin	Northern Paiute traditional narratives include myths, legends, tales, and oral histories preserved by the Northern Paiute people of the Great Basin deserts of western Nevada, eastern California, and southeastern Oregon in the United States of America.	Northern Paiute traditional narratives	United States of America
country of origin	Persian Letters (French: Lettres persanes) is a literary work, written in 1721, by Charles de Secondat, baron de Montesquieu, recounting the experiences of two Persian noblemen, Usbek and Rica, who are traveling through France.	Persian Letters	France
country of origin	The Tattooist is a 2007 New Zealand film directed by Peter Burger and starring Jason Behr, Nathaniel Lees, Michael Hurst and Robbie Magasiva among others.	The Tattooist	New Zealand
country of origin	Telemiracle is an annual telethon organized by the Kinsmen and Kinettes in Saskatchewan, Canada for the benefit of the Kinsmen Telemiracle Foundation.	Telemiracle	Canada
country of origin	Yakuza Graveyard, known in Japan as Yakuza no Hakaba:	Yakuza Graveyard	Japan
country of origin	Agila Probinsya is a news program on Net 25 featuring reports of Eagle News correspondents from different provinces and localities in the Philippines.	Agila Probinsya	Philippines
country of origin	Dreamworld Studios is an auditorium with production facilities located at the Dreamworld theme park on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Dreamworld Studios	Australia
country of origin	Jose Cuervo has always been family-owned and is run today by the Beckmann family of Mexico, direct descendants of Don Jose Antonio de Cuervo.	Jose Cuervo	Mexico
country of origin	Cybernet was a weekly video gaming magazine programme, originally broadcast overnight on the ITV network in the United Kingdom.	Cybernet	United Kingdom
country of origin	Within a timespan of five years, Jigyaasa reaches the top and becomes India's highest paid superstar.	Jigyaasa	India
country of origin	Agni-I (Sanskrit: अग्नि, Agnī ``Fire'') is a medium-range ballistic missile developed by DRDO of India under the Integrated Guided Missile Development Program.	Agni-I	India
country of origin	100 Pipers is bottled in India and Scotland (and possibly elsewhere).	100 Pipers	Scotland
country of origin	BrzydUla (Polish pronunciation: (bʐɨˈdula); in Polish brzydula means ugly woman while Ula is a common diminutive of the name Urszula) was a Polish telenovela that premiered on October 6, 2008, on TVN in Poland.	BrzydUla	Poland
country of origin	Erasing David is a 2010 dramatized documentary (docufiction) film from the United Kingdom.	Erasing David	United Kingdom
country of origin	La golondrina (Spanish: ``The Swallow'') is a song written in 1862 by Mexican physician Narciso Serradell Sevilla (1843-1910), who at the time was exiled to France due to the French intervention in Mexico.	La golondrina	Mexico
country of origin	On October 4, 2011, Harto The Borges was made available to the general audience in Argentina through the On Line version of Revista Cultura Ñ, (Diario Clarin) in Buenos Aires.	Harto The Borges	Argentina
country of origin	One Sings, the Other Doesn't (French: L'une chante, l'autre pas) is a 1977 French film by Agnès Varda that focuses on the lives of two women against the backdrop of the Women's Movement in 1970s France.	One Sings, the Other Doesn't	France
country of origin	Daft Planet is a Canadian cartoon, first airing on Teletoon Canada.	Daft Planet	Canada
country of origin	Mohinga (Burmese: မုန့်ဟင်းခါး; MLCTS: mun. hang: hka:, IPA: (mo̰ʊɴhɪ́ɴɡá)) is a rice noodle and fish soup from Myanmar and is an essential part of Burmese cuisine.	Mohinga	Myanmar
country of origin	Nénette is a 2010 French documentary film about a 40-year-old female orangutan living in the menagerie of the Jardin des Plantes, (the zoo in Paris, France).	Nénette	France
country of origin	Mee bandung Muar, or simply Mee bandung, is a traditional cuisine originated from Muar, Johor, Malaysia.	Mee bandung Muar	Malaysia
country of origin	Unlike previous films made in Norway, Fante-Anne was also made with professionals working at all levels behind the camera.	Fante-Anne	Norway
country of origin	The Electronika 60 (Russian: Электроника 60) was a terminal computer made in the Soviet Union by Electronika in Voronezh.	Electronika 60	Soviet Union
country of origin	But the terrorists follow Aazaan in Morocco too, and the three of them decide to escape to India at the earliest so that the child's blood can be used to make a cure for the virus in India.	Aazaan	India
country of origin	Miffy the Movie (originally released under the title Nijntje de film in the Netherlands) is a 2013 Dutch stop motion animated family film, based on the Miffy character created by Dick Bruna.	Miffy the Movie	Netherlands
country of origin	Cheppu (Malayalam: ചെപ്പ്) is a 1987 Malayalam language film made in India, directed by Priyadarshan and starring Mohanlal.	Cheppu	India
country of origin	Maxime, McDuff & McDo is a 2002 documentary film by Magnus Isacsson that shows the attempt to unionize a McDonald's restaurant in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Maxime, McDuff & McDo	Canada
country of origin	Star Awards 2000 is the 8th edition of the annual Star Awards presented by the Television Corporation of Singapore to honour its artistes who work on Channel 8.	Star Awards 2000	Singapore
country of origin	Donauwelle (lt:Danube wave) is a traditional sheet cake popular in Germany and Austria.	Donauwelle	Germany
country of origin	Newzoids was released in time for spoofing the United Kingdom general election, 2015.	Newzoids	United Kingdom
creator	Men Behaving Badly is a British sitcom that was created and written by Simon Nye.	Men Behaving Badly	Simon Nye
creator	Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows was painted by John Constable in 1831, one year after the death of his wife, Maria.	Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows	John Constable
creator	Dream Lady, also known as the Eugene Field Memorial, is a bronze sculpture by Edward McCartan.	Dream Lady	Edward McCartan
creator	Effect of Snow on Petit-Montrouge (French: Effet de neige à Petit-Montrouge) is an 1870 landscape painting by the French painter Édouard Manet.	Effect of Snow on Petit-Montrouge	Édouard Manet
creator	The Races at Longchamp is an 1866 painting by the French artist Édouard Manet.	The Races at Longchamp	Édouard Manet
creator	The Averoldi Polyptych is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance painter Titian, dating to 1520--1522 and in the basilica church of Santi Nazaro e Celso in Brescia, northern Italy.	Averoldi Polyptych	Titian
creator	My Life in Film is a British television comedy series written by Mark Chappell and originally aired on BBC Three, and then on BBC Two.	My Life in Film	Mark Chappell
creator	La Princesse is a 15-metre (50-foot) mechanical spider designed and operated by French performance art company La Machine.	La Princesse	La Machine
creator	Fontana del Tritone (Triton Fountain) is a seventeenth-century fountain in Rome, by the Baroque sculptor Gian Lorenzo Bernini.	Fontana del Tritone	Gian Lorenzo Bernini
creator	The Madonna del Granduca is a Madonna painting by the Italian renaissance artist Raphael.	Madonna del Granduca	Raphael
creator	Hymen o Hymenee is an 1889 painting by Filipino painter and hero Juan Luna.	Hymen o Hymenee	Juan Luna
creator	The Adventures of the Galaxy Rangers is an American animated Space Western television series created by Robert Mandell and Gaylord Entertainment Company.	The Adventures of the Galaxy Rangers	Robert Mandell
creator	The Madonna of the Small Trees (Italian: Madonna degli Alberetti) is an oil on panel painting by Italian Renaissance artist Giovanni Bellini, executed in 1487.	Madonna of the Small Trees	Giovanni Bellini
creator	The Magician's House is a quartet of children's fantasy books by William Corlett.	The Magician's House	William Corlett
creator	Daughters of Revolution (1932) is a painting by American artist Grant Wood; he claimed it as his only satire.	Daughters of Revolution	Grant Wood
creator	The cricketers is a 1948 painting by the Australian artist Russell Drysdale.	The cricketers	Russell Drysdale
creator	The Barbadori Altarpiece is a painting by Filippo Lippi, dated to 1438 and housed in the Louvre Museum of Paris.	Barbadori Altarpiece	Filippo Lippi
creator	Body Pressure is a 1974 performance piece by American artist Bruce Nauman.	Body Pressure	Bruce Nauman
creator	A Minute with Stan Hooper, also known as Stan Hooper, is an American sitcom starring Norm Macdonald.	A Minute with Stan Hooper	Norm Macdonald
creator	Water Mill at Opwetten (F48) is an oil painting of the Watermill at Opwetten, created in 1884 by Vincent van Gogh.	Water Mill at Opwetten	Vincent van Gogh
creator	Woman III is a painting by abstract expressionist painter Willem de Kooning.	Woman III	Willem de Kooning
creator	The Seven Deadly Sins and the Four Last Things is a painting that has traditionally been attributed to Hieronymus Bosch, completed around 1500 or later.	The Seven Deadly Sins and the Four Last Things	Hieronymus Bosch
creator	Doctor John Witherspoon is a bronze sculpture by William Couper of John Witherspoon, Presbyterian minister and a signatory of the United States Declaration of Independence.	Doctor John Witherspoon	William Couper
creator	Sliders is an American science fiction and fantasy television series created by Robert K. Weiss and Tracy Tormé.	Sliders	Tracy Tormé
creator	Akbar's Garden is an outdoor 1983--1984 aluminum sculpture by Lee Kelly, installed at the University of Oregon campus in Eugene, Oregon, in the United States.	Akbar's Garden	Lee Kelly
creator	Les Arènes is a painting by Vincent van Gogh executed in Arles, in November or December 1888, during the period of time when Paul Gauguin was living with him in The Yellow House.	Les Arènes	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Theory of Moral Sentiments is a 1759 book by Adam Smith.	The Theory of Moral Sentiments	Adam Smith
creator	Zig & Sharko is a French animated series of 156 episodes of 7 minutes that is created and directed by Olivier Jean-Marie and produced and executive produced by Xilam Animation, known for their animated series A Kind of Magic, Ratz, Space Goofs and Oggy and the Cockroaches.	Zig & Sharko	Xilam
creator	Head Case is a comedy starring Alexandra Wentworth as Dr. Elizabeth Goode, a therapist who treats Hollywood stars.	Head Case	Alexandra Wentworth
creator	Crying Girl is the name of two different works by Roy Lichtenstein: a 1963 offset lithograph on lightweight, off-white wove paper and a 1964 porcelain enamel on steel.	Crying Girl	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	The Secret Bench of Knowledge (formerly Secret Bench, Lost Paradise) is a sculpture created by Canadian artist Lea Vivot and produced in multiple castings.	The Secret Bench of Knowledge	Lea Vivot
creator	Sebastian Bergman (original title Den fördömde, literally ``The cursed one'') is a Swedish police procedural television series, based on two novels by duo Hjorth Rosenfeldt (Michael Hjorth and Hans Rosenfeldt).	Sebastian Bergman	Michael Hjorth
creator	Parade de cirque (English: Circus Sideshow) is a 1887-88 Neo-Impressionist painting by Georges Seurat.	Parade de cirque	Georges Seurat
creator	Soyez amoureuses vous serez heureuses (Be In Love and You Will Be Happy) is a bas-relief wood panel carved and polychromed by French artist Paul Gauguin in the autumn of 1889.	Soyez amoureuses vous serez heureuses	Paul Gauguin
creator	A Peace Conference at the Quai d'Orsay is an oil-on-canvas painting by Irish artist William Orpen, completed in 1919.	A Peace Conference at the Quai d'Orsay	William Orpen
creator	The Portrait of Carlo de' Medici is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Andrea Mantegna, executed in 1466.	Portrait of Carlo de' Medici	Andrea Mantegna
creator	L'ispettore Coliandro is a series of Italian tongue-in-cheek television movies directed by Marco Manetti and Antonio Manetti (collectively Manetti Bros.), and written by the crime writer Carlo Lucarelli and starring Giampaolo Morelli in the title role of the Inspector Coliandro.	L'ispettore Coliandro	Carlo Lucarelli
creator	The Madonna of the Yarnwinder (Italian: Madonna dei Fusi, ``Madonna of the Spindles'') is a subject depicted by Leonardo da Vinci in at least one, and perhaps two paintings begun in 1499 or later.	Madonna of the Yarnwinder	Leonardo da Vinci
creator	Why, Charlie Brown, Why? is the 33rd prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz.	Why, Charlie Brown, Why?	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Kay Susan Tayo! (English: Let's Be With Susan!) is a Philippine informative public affairs show and also a lifestyle show, hosted by Susan Enriquez, and aired GMA Network.	Kay Susan Tayo	GMA Network
creator	Dürer's Rhinoceros is the name commonly given to a woodcut executed by German painter and printmaker Albrecht Dürer in 1515.	Dürer's Rhinoceros	Albrecht Dürer
creator	Portrait of George Dyer Talking is an oil painting by Francis Bacon executed in 1966.	Portrait of George Dyer Talking	Francis Bacon
creator	Lemminkäinen's Mother (Lemminkäisen äiti) is an 1897 Romantic nationalist painting by Finnish painter Akseli Gallen-Kallela.	Lemminkäinen's Mother	Akseli Gallen-Kallela
creator	Danmarks Næste Topmodel (Danish for Denmark's Next Top Model), or simply Topmodel, is a Danish reality television show and an adaptation of America's Next Top Model, created by Tyra Banks.	Danmarks Næste Topmodel	Tyra Banks
creator	Regarding Betty Applewhite and the mystery storyline of her family, series creator Marc Cherry stated: ``They come on the street; they seem like nice people -- but they've got a secret.	Betty Applewhite	Marc Cherry
creator	Henri Bencolin is a fictional detective created by John Dickson Carr.	Henri Bencolin	John Dickson Carr
creator	Created by Agnes Nixon, All My Children is set in Pine Valley, Pennsylvania, a fictional suburb of Philadelphia, which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont.	All My Children	Agnes Nixon
creator	Symphony in White, No. 3, is a painting by James Abbott McNeill Whistler.	Symphony in White, No. 3	James Abbott McNeill Whistler
creator	The Telnarian Histories (1991--1993) are a series of four space opera novels which express philosophical messages consistent with those of author John Norman's other works of fiction.	Telnarian Histories	John Norman
creator	Almond Blossoms is from a group of several paintings made in 1888 and 1890 by Vincent van Gogh in Arles and Saint-Rémy, southern France of blossoming almond trees.	Almond Blossoms	Vincent van Gogh
creator	Beat the Whites with the Red Wedge (``Клином красным бей белых!'') is a 1919 lithographic Soviet propaganda poster by artist Lazar Markovich Lissitzky better known as El Lissitzky, ``the man through whose exertions the new Russian ideas became generally understood in Western Europe''.	Beat the Whites with the Red Wedge	El Lissitzky
creator	Meanwhile, Jewel went on to appear in the sitcom Spring and Autumn (1973--76), about a friendship between a lonely boy and an elderly man, created by Nearest and Dearest creators Vince Powell and Harry Driver.	Nearest and Dearest	Vince Powell
creator	La rendición de Breda (English: The Surrender of Breda, also known as El cuadro de las lanzas or Las lanzas) is a painting by the Spanish Golden Age painter Diego Velázquez.	The Surrender of Breda	Diego Velázquez
creator	Portrait of Dorothea Berck is a 1644 painting by Frans Hals that is in the collection of the Baltimore Museum of Art. It depicts Dorothea Berck at age 51, the wife of the prosperous Haarlem merchant Joseph Coymans, whose portrait Hals also painted.	Portrait of Dorothea Berck	Frans Hals
creator	It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown is the 36th prime-time animated TV special based on the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	A Caribbean Mystery is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie, first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 16 November 1964 and in the United States by Dodd, Mead and Company the following year.	A Caribbean Mystery	Agatha Christie
creator	In 1893, the Haymarket Martyrs' Monument by sculptor Albert Weinert was raised at Waldheim.	Haymarket Martyrs' Monument	Albert Weinert
creator	The Life and Times of Juniper Lee is an American animated television series, created by former MTV reality star Judd Winick and produced by Cartoon Network Studios.	The Life and Times of Juniper Lee	Judd Winick
creator	Press Your Luck is an American television daytime game show created by Bill Carruthers and Jan McCormack.	Press Your Luck	Bill Carruthers
creator	Chief Justice John Marshall is a bronze sculpture of John Marshall, by American sculptor William Wetmore Story.	Chief Justice John Marshall	William Wetmore Story
creator	Freakazoid! is an American animated television series created by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini and developed by Tom Ruegger for the Kids' WB programming block of The WB.	Freakazoid!	Bruce Timm
creator	Enjoy Yourself Tonight was created by Robert Chua in 1967, when he was just 21 years old.	Enjoy Yourself Tonight	Robert Chua
creator	Stitching the Standard is a painting by British artist Edmund Leighton.	Stitching the Standard	Edmund Leighton
creator	The EFF Pioneer Award is an annual prize by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) for people who have made significant contributions to the empowerment of individuals in using computers.	EFF Pioneer Award	Electronic Frontier Foundation
creator	Philip Marlowe is a fictional character created by Raymond Chandler.	Philip Marlowe	Raymond Chandler
creator	Door into Darkness was an Italian horror television series conceived by Dario Argento.	Door into Darkness	Dario Argento
creator	The Humours of an Election is a series of four oil paintings and later engravings by William Hogarth that illustrate the election of a member of parliament in Oxfordshire in 1754.	Humours of an Election	William Hogarth
creator	The Mont Sainte-Victoire and the Viaduct of the Arc River Valley is an 1882--85 painting by the French artist Paul Cézanne.	Mont Sainte-Victoire and the Viaduct of the Arc River Valley	Paul Cézanne
creator	The Finding of the body of St Mark or Rediscovery of the body of Saint Mark is a painting by Tintoretto.	Finding of the body of St Mark	Tintoretto
creator	The Portrait of Cardinal Alessandro Farnese is a portrait of cardinal Alessandro Farnese (the future Pope Paul III) by Raphael, produced in 1509-11.	Portrait of Cardinal Alessandro Farnese	Raphael
creator	Brigadier Gerard is the hero of a series of historical short stories by the British writer Arthur Conan Doyle.	Brigadier Gerard	Arthur Conan Doyle
creator	The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is an American Saturday morning animated children's television series produced by Walt Disney Television that ran from January 17, 1988 to October 26, 1991, inspired by A. A. Milne's Winnie-the-Pooh stories.	The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh	Walt Disney Television
creator	Democritus meditating on the seat of the soul (Démocrite méditant sur le siège de l'âme) is a statue by Léon-Alexandre Delhomme (1841--1895), exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1868.	Democritus meditating on the seat of the soul	Léon-Alexandre Delhomme
creator	El Condominio was a Puerto Rican television show produced by Sunshine Logroño for Televicentro Puerto Rico and Currently airs on reruns on Telemundo Puerto Rico.	El Condominio	Sunshine Logroño
date of birth	Liu Bingzhang (Chinese: 刘秉璋; Wade--Giles: Liu Ping-chang; May 20, 1826 -- August 23, 1905) was a Qing dynasty Chinese scholar-official and general.	Liu Bingzhang	1826
date of birth	Duško Tošić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душко Тошић; born 19 January 1985 in Zrenjanin) is a Serbian profesisonal footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Beşiktaş in the Süper Lig.	Duško Tošić	19 January 1985
date of birth	Bess Berman (July 14, 1902--August 8, 1968) was an American record label executive.	Bess Berman	1902
date of birth	Mark Mathabane (born Johannes Mathabane, 18 October 1960) is a South African author, lecturer, and a former collegiate tennis player and college professor.	Mark Mathabane	18 October 1960
date of birth	Sue Henry (born 1940) is a writer of mystery thriller fiction.	Sue Henry	1940
date of birth	Vera Michalski-Hoffmann (born 5 November 1954, in Basel) is a Swiss publisher.	Vera Michalski	5 November 1954
date of birth	Jim Dunbar (born 1929 in Dearborn, Michigan) is an American radio program director, talk show host and news anchor who helped boost the ratings of KGO (AM) into to the top five with its unique news/talk format.	Jim Dunbar	1929
date of birth	Sacha Modolo (born 19 June 1987) is an Italian racing cyclist who rides for Lampre-Merida.	Sacha Modolo	19 June 1987
date of birth	Zsuzsanna Szelényi (born 6 October 1966) is a Hungarian psychologist and politician, Member of the Parliament (MP) from 1990 to 1994 (Fidesz) and since 2014 (Together).	Zsuzsanna Szelényi	6 October 1966
date of birth	Simon Hawking (born 5 March 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Simon Hawking	5 March 1973
date of death	Sir William à Beckett (28 July 1806 -- 27 June 1869) was a British barrister and the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Victoria.	William à Beckett	27 June 1869
date of death	Sir Hans Sloane, 1st Baronet, PRS (16 April 1660 -- 11 January 1753) was an Irish born British physician, naturalist and collector, notable for bequeathing his collection to the nation, thus providing the foundation of the British Museum.	Hans Sloane	11 January 1753
date of death	Thomas Tomkinson (1631--1710) was an English Muggletonian writer born at Ilam, near Dovedale, in Staffordshire.	Thomas Tomkinson	1710
date of death	Sir Rhys Rhys-Williams, 1st Baronet DSO QC DL (20 October 1865 -- 29 January 1955), born Rhys Williams, was a British Liberal Party politician from Wales.	Rhys Rhys-Williams	29 January 1955
date of death	William Merrigan Daly, Jr., known to friends and colleagues as Bill Daly (1 September 1887, in Cincinnati -- 3 December 1936, in New York City), was a pianist, composer, songwriter, orchestrator, musical director and conductor.	William Merrigan Daly	3 December 1936
date of death	Josef Larsson (12 October 1893 - 27 December 1987) was a Norwegian metal worker and trade unionist, born in Sweden.	Josef Larsson	27 December 1987
date of death	Seymour Morris (15 February 1913 -- October 1991) was a Welsh international footballer who played as an outside left.	Seymour Morris	October 1991
date of death	André Gingras (16 November 1966 -- 17 February 2013) was a Canadian contemporary dancer and one of the nation' most influential choreographers in recent times.	André Gingras	17 February 2013
date of death	Lou Reizner (born Chicago 1934, died London 26 June 1977) was a record producer, A&R executive and head of Mercury Records European operations.	Lou Reizner	26 June 1977
date of death	Sophie Kerr (1880--1965) was a prolific writer of the early 20th century whose stories about smart, ambitious women mirrored her own evolution from small-town girl to successful career woman.	Sophie Kerr	1965
date of death	Charles Frederick Ferguson (ca. 1833 -- September 29, 1909) was an Ontario physician and political figure.	Charles Frederick Ferguson	1909
date of death	Sir Thomas Cockburn-Campbell, 4th Baronet (18 April 1845 -- 27 September 1892) was an English-born journalist and politician in Australia.	Thomas Cockburn-Campbell	27 September 1892
date of death	Israel Reichart (Hebrew: ישראל רייכרט) (born 1891; died 1975) was Israeli agriculturist and biologist.	Israel Reichart	1975
date of death	Archibald Armstrong (died March 1672), court jester, called ``Archy,'' was a native of Scotland or of Cumberland, and according to tradition first distinguished himself as a sheep-stealer; afterwards he entered the service of James VI, with whom he became a favourite.	Archibald Armstrong	1672
date of death	Juvenaly of Alaska (1761-1796), Protomartyr of America, was a hieromartyr and member of the first group of Orthodox missionaries who came from the monastery of Valaam to evangelize the native inhabitants of Alaska.	Juvenaly of Alaska	1796
date of death	Antoine de Févin (ca. 1470 -- late 1511 or early 1512) was a Netherlandish composer of the Renaissance.	Antoine de Févin	1512
date of death	Alice Angeline Johnson (July 24, 1912 -- November 1982) was a Hawaiian singer, composer, and member of the Royal Hawaiian Band.	Alice Angeline Johnson	November 1982
date of death	Martin Bradley (1886 -- 1958) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside-right in the period before World War I.	Martin Bradley	1958
date of death	Hervé IV of Donzy (1173-- 22 January 1222) was a French nobleman and participant in the Fifth Crusade.	Hervé IV of Donzy	22 January 1222
date of death	I. Valerian (born Valeriu Ionescu; August 1, 1895--November 21, 1980) was a Romanian writer and journalist.	I. Valerian	1980
date of death	Yosef Rom (Hebrew: יוסף רום‎, born Yosef Rabinovich on 2 September 1932, died 19 November 1997) was an Israeli engineer and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1977 and 1984.	Yosef Rom	19 November 1997
date of death	Vincenzo Pucitta (or Puccitta) (17 February 1778 -- 20 December 1861) was a nineteenth-century Italian composer.	Vincenzo Pucitta	20 December 1861
date of death	Thomas Winship (14 July 1890 -- 1976), generally known as Tom or Tommy Winship, but also referred to as Wee Winship because of his small stature, was an English footballer who played as an outside left.	Tommy Winship	1976
date of death	Hugh Boscawen, 1st Viscount Falmouth PC (pronounced ``Boscowen'') (/bɒsˈkoʊ.ən/ bos-KOH-ən; ca. 1680 -- 25 October 1734) was a Cornish Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons for Cornish constituencies from 1702 until 1720 when he was raised to the peerage.	Hugh Boscawen, 1st Viscount Falmouth	1734
date of death	Patrick Brewster (20 December 1788 - 26 March 1859), was a Scottish minister largely based in Paisley.	Patrick Brewster	1859
date of death	Saint Benedict Menni (11 March 1841 -- 24 April 1914), born Angelo Ercole Menni Figini, was an Italian Roman Catholic priest.	Benedict Menni	24 April 1914
date of death	Robert de Baudricourt (ca. 1400-1454), Seigneur de Baudricourt, Blaise, Buxy and Sorcy was a minor figure of 15th century French nobility.	Robert de Baudricourt	1454
date of death	King Seondeok of Silla (died 785) (r. 780--785) was the successor to King Hyegong and the 37th to rule the Korean kingdom of Silla.	King Seondeok of Silla	785
date of death	Tudur ap Goronwy (died 1367) was a Welsh nobleman and a member of the Tudor House of Penmynydd.	Tudur ap Goronwy	1367
date of death	Indian Hannah (Mrs. Hannah Freeman) (1730--1802) was the last of the Lenni-Lenape Indians (or Delawares) in Chester County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Indian Hannah	1802
date of death	Kathleen Annie Lansdell (1888 Durban - 3 April 1967 Pietermaritzburg), was a South African botanical artist.	Kathleen Annie Lansdell	3 April 1967
date of death	Tiruchirapalli Krishnaswamy Ramamoorthy (Tamil: திருச்சிராப்பள்ளி கிருஷ்ணசுவாமி இராமமூர்த்தி; 15 May 1922 -- 17 April 2013), known as T. K. Ramamoorthy (Tamil: டி. கே. ராமமூர்த்தி), was a South Indian Tamil music composer and violinist.	T. K. Ramamoorthy	17 April 2013
date of death	Shahzada Barbak (reigned: 1487) was the founder of the Habshi dynasty of Bengal kingdom.	Shahzada Barbak	1487
date of death	Sir George Barne III (c. 1532--1593) was a prominent merchant and public official from London during the reign of Elizabeth I, and the son of Sir George Barne II, and Alice Brooke.	George Barne III	1593
date of death	Sophie Lykke (d. 1570), was a Danish county administrator, landholder and noble.	Sophie Lykke	1570
date of death	Jacques Bruyas (13 July 1635 -- 15 June 1712) was born in Lyon, France and entered the Jesuits as a novice in 1651.	Jacques Bruyas	15 June 1712
date of death	Grand Rabbi Yidele Horowitz (1905--1989), popularly known as Reb Yidele, was the Rebbe of Dzikov, who spent his last years in London, England.	Yidele Horowitz	1989
date of death	John Hay Whitney (17 August 1904 -- 8 February 1982), colloquially known as Jock Whitney, was U.S. Ambassador to the United Kingdom, publisher of the New York Herald Tribune, and president of the Museum of Modern Art. He was a member of the Whitney family.	John Hay Whitney	8 February 1982
date of death	The Reverend Dr Thomas Batchcroft BA MA D.D. (1572-1662) was Master of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.	Thomas Batchcroft	1662
date of death	Jože Javoršek was the pen name of Jože Brejc (20 October 1920 -- 2 September 1990), a Slovenian playwright, writer, poet, translator and essayist.	Jože Javoršek	2 September 1990
date of death	George Stephen, 1st Baron Mount Stephen, Bt, GCVO (5 June 1829 -- 29 November 1921), known as Sir George Stephen, Bt, between 1886 and 1891, was a prominent Canadian businessman.	George Stephen, 1st Baron Mount Stephen	29 November 1921
date of death	Ba Swe (Burmese: ဘဆွေ, pronounced: (ba̰ sʰwè); 17 October 1915 -- 6 December 1987) was the second Premier of Burma.	Ba Swe	6 December 1987
date of death	William Penn Brown (1841--1929), of New York City, was an early pioneer in the hobby of stamp collecting.	William Penn Brown	1929
date of death	Vasant Ramji Khanolkar M.D. (13 April 1895 -- 29 October 1978) better known as V. R. Khanolkar was an eminent Indian Pathologist.	V. R. Khanolkar	29 October 1978
date of death	François de Gantès (1596-1679) was a French aristocrat, landowner and military commander.	François de Gantès	1679
date of death	The Right Reverend John Lonsdale (17 January 1788 -- 19 October 1867) was the third Principal of King's College, London, and later served as Bishop of Lichfield.	John Lonsdale	19 October 1867
date of death	Magdalena Hergert Becker (4 August 1878, Ebenfeld, Kansas to 7 July 1938, Indiahoma, Oklahoma) was a pioneer missionary.	Magdalena Hergert Becker	7 July 1938
date of death	Ray Horwood (1 December 1927 -- 15 October 2009) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ray Horwood	15 October 2009
date of death	Theodor Horydczak, (1889 Lyck, Poland - 1971 Montgomery, Pennsylvania) was an American photographer best known for his early photographs of the places and events of Washington, DC.	Theodor Horydczak	1971
date of death	Kenneth Adie Ferguson (6 April 1921 -- 15 April 2011) was an Australian veterinary scientist.	Kenneth Adie Ferguson	2011
date of death	John Rutty (1697--1775) was a Dublin Quaker physician and naturalist born in Melksham.	John Rutty	1775
date of death	Johnny Martyn, born Johnny Martyn Booker (16 July 1934, London, England - 19 March 2007, Vancouver, British Columbia), was a musician and coffee bar manager.	Johnny Martyn	19 March 2007
date of death	Loir Botor Dingit (d. 2005) was a rattan farmer and Paramount Chief from Indonesia.	Loir Botor Dingit	2005
date of death	Mimi Sverdrup Lunden (13 June 1894 -- 8 January 1955) was a Norwegian educator, non-fiction writer and proponent for women's rights.	Mimi Sverdrup Lunden	8 January 1955
date of death	Eleanor Vere Boyle (1 May 1825 -- 29 July 1916) was an English artist and author of the Victorian era.	Eleanor Vere Boyle	29 July 1916
date of death	Anna Margareta Salmelin (1716--1789), was a Finnish prisoner of war during the Russian occupation of Finland, Lesser Wrath.	Anna Margareta Salmelin	1789
date of death	Pehr Osbeck (1723 -- 23 December 1805) was a Swedish explorer, naturalist and an apostle of Carl Linnaeus.	Pehr Osbeck	23 December 1805
date of death	Svetozar Vujković (Serbian Cyrillic: Светозар Вујковић; 1899--1949) was a Serbian police officer who commanded the Banjica concentration camp during World War II. He was a high-ranking official in the pre-war Belgrade police and was involved in the persecution of communists in Yugoslavia during the interwar period.	Svetozar Vujković	1949
date of death	Sir Walter Forrest (July 1869 -- 18 July 1939) was a British Liberal, later Liberal National politician and businessman.	Walter Forrest	18 July 1939
date of death	Cayetano Ripoll (allegedly from Solsona 1778 -- Valencia 26 July 1826) was a schoolmaster in Valencia, Spain, who was executed for allegedly teaching deist principles.	Cayetano Ripoll	26 July 1826
date of death	Franz Ludwig Späth (25 February 1839 -- 2 February 1913), was a German botanist and fifth manager of the Späth nursery from 1863, when his father Ludwig Späth (1793--1883) retired, until his death, when the nursery passed to his own son Hellmut Ludwig Späth (1885--1945).	Franz Ludwig Späth	2 February 1913
date of death	Rolla Kent Beattie (1875--1960) was an American botanist and plant pathologist.	Rolla Kent Beattie	1960
date of death	Richard Longfield, 1st Viscount Longueville (1734--1811) was an Irish Member of Parliament and later a peer.	Richard Longfield, 1st Viscount Longueville	1811
date of death	William Borlase (2 February 1695 -- 31 August 1772), Cornish antiquary, geologist and naturalist.	William Borlase	31 August 1772
date of death	Nicholas Freeman (25 July 1939 - November 1989), OBE (1985) was the Conservative Party leader of the London Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council in the United Kingdom from 1977 until 1989; he was also its Mayor in 1988.	Nicholas Freeman	1989
date of death	Charles Raymond Bell Mortimer (25 April 1895 -- 9 January 1980), who wrote under the name Raymond Mortimer, was a British writer on art and literature, known mostly as a critic and literary editor.	Raymond Mortimer	9 January 1980
date of death	Lewis Nockalls Cottingham (1787 -- 13 October 1847) was a British architect who pioneered the study of Medieval Gothic architecture.	Lewis Nockalls Cottingham	13 October 1847
date of death	After the death of Chhatar Singh in 1788 the entire Gohad area became a symbol of anarchy, plundering and killing for 18 years.	Chhatar Singh	1788
date of death	Giovanni Domenico Cignaroli (1722--1793) was an Italian painter of the Rococo and early Neoclassic period between 1744 up until his death in 1793.	Giovanni Domenico Cignaroli	1793
date of death	John Peter Russell (16 June 1858 -- 22 April 1930) was an Australian impressionist painter.	John Peter Russell	22 April 1930
date of death	Fothad I († 963) is the second alleged Bishop of the Scots (906x955).	Fothad I	963
date of death	Alfred Jonniaux (1882--1974) was a Belgian portrait painter who worked in London and the United States of America.	Alfred Jonniaux	1974
date of death	Paul-Émile Janson (30 May 1872 -- 3 March 1944) was a francophone Belgian liberal politician and Prime Minister (1937--1938).	Paul-Émile Janson	3 March 1944
date of death	Jean Bontemps (died 1572) was a French privateer.	Jean Bontemps	1572
date of death	Johannes Letzner (29 November 1531 -- 16 February 1613) was a Renaissance-era German Protestant priest and historian of Lower Saxony, in particular of Brunswick-Lüneburg.	Johannes Letzner	16 February 1613
date of death	Valentine Flood, M.D. (died 1847), was an Irish anatomist and physician who died of typhus while treating fever victims in County Tipperary during the Great Irish Famine.	Valentine Flood	1847
date of death	Allan Douglas Davidson, R.B.A., R.O.I., R.M.S. (1873--1932) was an English painter who predominantly worked in oils and specialized in female nudes.	Allan Douglas Davidson	1932
date of death	Guglielmo Janni (born 1892 - died 1958), was an Italian painter belonging to the modern movement of the Scuola romana (Roman School).	Guglielmo Janni	1958
date of death	William S. Bennet II (30 April 1934 -- 24 November 2009) was an American business executive who introduced Yoplait single-serving yogurt to the United States.	William S. Bennet II	24 November 2009
date of death	Baha al-Din Sam I (Persian: بهاء الدین سام), was the king of the Ghurid dynasty who reigned briefly in 1149.	Baha al-Din Sam I	1149
date of death	Hayam Wuruk, also called (after 1350) Rajasanagara, Pa-ta-na-pa-na-wu, or Bhatara Prabhu, (1334--1389), was a Javanese King from the Rajasa Dynasty and the fourth monarch of the Majapahit Empire.	Hayam Wuruk	1389
date of death	Merrill Denison (23 June 1893 -- 13 June 1975) was a Canadian playwright.	Merrill Denison	13 June 1975
date of death	August Jernberg (16 September 1826 -- 22 June 1896) was a Swedish artist who emigrated to Germany.	August Jernberg	22 June 1896
date of death	Arild Lenth (20 November 1904 -- 28 March 1972) was a Norwegian long jumper and triple jumper.	Arild Lenth	28 March 1972
date of death	Arthur Percy Noyes, M.D. (1880-1963) was a psychiatric administrator and educator, and published a widely used psychiatric textbook.	Arthur Percy Noyes	1963
date of death	Bill Weston (29 May 1941 - 25 March 2012) was a British stunt performer whose 40-year career includes credits for Saving Private Ryan, Titanic, Raiders of the Lost Ark and Batman Begins.	Bill Weston	25 March 2012
date of death	Alick Jeffrey (29 January 1939 -- 22 November 2000) was an English professional footballer who played as a striker.	Alick Jeffrey	22 November 2000
date of death	Thomas O'Dea, Bishop of Clonfert and Bishop of Galway (7 January 1858 -- 9 April 1923) was born in Carron, Kilfenora, County Clare, and educated in Ennis and Maynooth.	Thomas O'Dea	9 April 1923
date of death	Edmond L. DePatie (27 January 1900 -- 6 August 1966) was an American film industry executive.	Edmond L. DePatie	6 August 1966
date of death	David Remez (Hebrew: דוד רמז‎, born David Drabkin in 1886, died 19 May 1951) was an Israeli politician, the country's first Minister of Transportation, and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence.	David Remez	19 May 1951
date of death	Per Arne Bjerke (24 March 1952 -- 17 June 2015) was a Norwegian journalist, radio presenter and politician for the Labour Party.	Per Arne Bjerke	17 June 2015
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Cinéas (1895 - 1958) was a Haitian novelist and jurist.	Jean-Baptiste Cinéas	1958
date of death	William Alderman Linton (1891-1960) moved to Korea in 1912 and dedicated the rest of his life to serving and developing Korean society as a Presbyterian missionary and educator.	William Alderman Linton	1960
date of death	Shahzada Mirza Muhammad Salim Shah (1799 -- 8 September 1836 ) (also known as Prince Mirza Salim Shah) was a son of Mughal emperor Akbar II and his Empress Mumtaz un-Nissa Begum.	Mirza Salim	8 September 1836
date of death	Margaret Stevenson (c.1807 - 28 September 1874) was an English Australian, she was well known as a satirist and columnist in Adelaide where she wrote under the pseudonym 'A Colonist'	Margaret Stevenson	1874
date of death	Samuel Bowtell (born 7 December 1806, Cambridge; died May 1881, Cambridge) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge Town Club (CTC) and made his first-class debut in 1830.	Samuel Bowtell	May 1881
date of death	Hovhannes Imastaser (Armenian: Հովհաննես Իմաստասեր, c. 1047--1129), also known as Hovhannes Sarkavag (Armenian: Հովհաննես Սարկավագ), was a medieval Armenian multi-disciplinary scholar known for his works on philosophy, theology, mathematics, cosmology, and literature.	Hovhannes Imastaser	1129
date of death	Yehuda Kiel (Hebrew: יהודה קיל; born 1916, died 16 June 2011) was an Israeli educator and Bible commentator.	Yehuda Kiel	16 June 2011
date of death	Silvester Johnson (October 14, 1813 -- 1889) was a Kentucky merchant and a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives.	Silvester Johnson	1889
date of death	Charles Winston (10 March 1814 -- 3 October 1864) was an English historian of stained glass.	Charles Winston	3 October 1864
date of death	Max Aeberli (date of birth unknown, died 2009) was a Swiss cyclist.	Max Aeberli	2009
date of death	Ludwig Engel (b. at Castle Wagrain, Austria; d. at Grillenberg, 22 April 1694) was an Austrian Benedictine canon lawyer.	Ludwig Engel	22 April 1694
date of death	Juan Mateos (Gibraltar, ? - id., 1594) was a wealthy inhabitant of Gibraltar during the Spanish period.	Juan Mateos	1594
date of death	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy (16th of November 1908 -- 8 November 1977) was an Indian film director and an early figure in the Telugu cinema.	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy	8 November 1977
date of death	Anne Steele (1717 -- 11 November, 1778) was an English Baptist and hymn writer.	Anne Steele	11 November, 1778
date of death	Christiana Edmunds (3 October 1828--1907) was an English woman who, in the late 19th century, became known as The Chocolate Cream Poisoner after poisoning several people with strychnine in chocolate creams, killing one.	Christiana Edmunds	1907
date of death	Samuel Crooke (1575-1649) was a seventeenth-century cleric of the Church of England and a noted preacher; during the English Civil War he was a staunch supporter of the Parliamentary cause.	Samuel Crooke	1649
date of death	Yu Guozhen (俞國楨, 1852--1932) was a pastor and the founder of an independent Chinese Christian organization, the China Christian Independent Church.	Yu Guozhen	1932
date of death	Daniel Goodman (20 May 1945 -- 14 November 2012) was an American professor specializing in the fields of ecology, population biology, and Bayesian statistics.	Daniel Goodman	14 November 2012
date of death	Rowland Pennington (1870 -- 1929) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Blackburn Rovers and Northwich Victoria.	Rowland Pennington	1929
date of death	Matija Duh (3 April 1989 -- 3 February 2013) was a Slovenian international motorcycle speedway rider.	Matija Duh	3 February 2013
date of death	William Critchlow Harris (30 April 1854 -- 16 July 1913) was an architect noted mainly for his ecclesiastical and domestic projects in Maritime Canada.	William Critchlow Harris	16 July 1913
date of death	Captain James Duncan Campbell Longden (referred to as Duncan Longden) (1826 -- 18 June 1904) was a British army officer and politician in colonial Victoria (Australia).	Duncan Longden	18 June 1904
date of death	Bie Tingfang (Chinese: 别廷芳; Pinyin: Bié Tíngfāng; 1883--1940) was a Lieutenant-General in the National Revolutionary Army of China.	Bie Tingfang	1940
date of death	Henry Somerset, 5th Duke of Beaufort KG (16 October 1744 -- 11 October 1803) was the only son of Charles Noel Somerset, 4th Duke of Beaufort and his wife, Elizabeth Berkeley.	Henry Somerset, 5th Duke of Beaufort	11 October 1803
date of death	Ana Rosa Schlieper de Martínez Guerrero (15 August 1898 - 4 September 1964) was an Argentine feminist leader, philanthropist, and welfare worker.	Ana Rosa Schlieper de Martínez Guerrero	4 September 1964
date of death	Kumar Shri Indrajitsinhji Madhavsinhji ( pronunciation ) (15 June 1937 -- 12 March 2011) was an Indian cricketer who played in four Tests from 1964 to 1969 as a wicketkeeper-batsman.	Indrajitsinhji	12 March 2011
date of death	Edwin G Lucas (30 March 1911 - 9 December 1990) was a Scottish Modernist artist.	Edwin G Lucas	9 December 1990
date of death	Herbert Doddington (died 1633) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1626 to 1629.	Herbert Doddington	1633
date of death	Eric Boon (28 December 1919 -- 19 January 1981) was a champion British lightweight boxer.	Eric Boon	19 January 1981
date of death	Sultan Ali Ri'ayat Syah I, also known as Sultan Husain (d. 8 June 1579), was the fourth sultan of Aceh in northern Sumatra.	Ali Ri'ayat Syah I	8 June 1579
date of death	Miguel del Barco (1706--1790) was a Jesuit missionary in Baja California, Mexico and wrote major contributions to the peninsula's history and ethnography.	Miguel del Barco	1790
date of death	Armand Schwerner (1927 -- February 4, 1999) was an avant-garde Jewish-American poet.	Armand Schwerner	1999
date of death	Igor Talankin (Russian: И́горь Васи́льевич Тала́нкин) (3 October 1927 -- 24 July 2010) was a Russian film director and screenwriter.	Igor Talankin	24 July 2010
date of death	Kathleen Farrell (1912--1999) was a British novelist of the post--	Kathleen Farrell	1999
date of death	Chin Gee Hee (June 22, 1844 -- 1929), courtesy name Chàngtíng (暢庭), Cheun Gee Yee, was a Chinese merchant, labor contractor, and railway entrepreneur, who made his fortune in Seattle, Washington before returning to his native village in Guangdong province, where he continued his successes.	Chin Gee Hee	1929
date of death	Sir Bruce Lyttelton Richmond (12 January 1871 -- 1 October 1964) was a British editor and journalist who was the editor of the weekly literary review the Times Literary Supplement (TLS) for 35 years from a few months after its founding in 1902, to his retirement in 1937.	Bruce Lyttelton Richmond	1 October 1964
date of death	Thomas Powell Symonds (1762 -- 19 August 1819) was Member of Parliament (MP) for Hereford 1800 to 1819, and lieutenant colonel of the South Gloucester Militia.	Thomas Powell Symonds	19 August 1819
date of death	Abraham Maskileison (1788--1848) was a Jewish scholar, rabbi and author active in Russia during the first half of the 19th century.	Abraham Maskileison	1848
date of death	Laurence Gillooly (12 May 1819--15 Jan 1895) was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Bishop of Elphin from 1858 to 1895.	Laurence Gillooly	1895
date of death	Sir Edward Ridley PC QC/KC ( August 1843 - 14 October 1928) was a British barrister, judge and Conservative Politician, MP for South Northumberland from 1878--80.	Edward Ridley	14 October 1928
date of death	Michiel Jansz van Middelhoven (1562--1638), was a Dutch theologian best known today for his portrait by Frans Hals.	Michiel Jansz van Middelhoven	1638
date of death	Henry Card (1779--1844) was an English cleric and writer.	Henry Card	1844
date of death	Henry O. Studley (1838-1925) was an organ and piano maker, carpenter, and Mason who worked for the Smith Organ Co., and later for the Poole Piano Company of Quincy, Massachusetts.	Henry O. Studley	1925
date of death	Stanisław Chodecki (z Chodcza - of Chodecz) of Ogończyk coat of arms (died 1529) was a Polish military commander (hetman) from 1492 to 1499 and 1501 to 1505 and also a marshal.	Stanisław Chodecki	1529
date of death	Walter Gardiner, FLS, FRS (1 September 1859 -- 31 August 1941) was a British botanist.	Walter Gardiner	31 August 1941
date of death	Vinko Jelić (1596 - after 22 July 1636) was a Croatian-born baroque composer, singer and musician.	Vinko Jelić	1636
date of death	Maryam Goumbassian (Armenian: Մարիամ Գումբասյան (Ծաղիկյան); 1831 in Constantinople - 1909) was an Ottoman Armenian actress.	Maryam Goumbassian	1909
date of death	Forbes George Vernon (21 August 1843 -- 20 January 1911), Lieutenant (ret.)	Forbes George Vernon	20 January 1911
date of death	Kenford Keith Ian Walwyn (17 February 1956 -- 15 April 2003), more commonly known as Keith Walwyn, was a Kittitian footballer who played as a striker.	Keith Walwyn	15 April 2003
date of death	Pegaret Anthony (1 November 1915 -- 25 May 2000) was an English artist and lecturer in historical costume and theatre history best known for her watercolour paintings of war workers during the Second World War.	Pegaret Anthony	25 May 2000
date of death	Guru Angad (31 March 1504 -- 28 March 1552) was the second of the ten Sikh Gurus.	Guru Angad	28 March 1552
date of death	John I de la Roche (died 1280) succeeded his father, Guy I, as Duke of Athens in 1263.	John I de la Roche	1280
date of death	Beresford Egan (1905 - 1984) was a satirical draughtsman, painter, novelist and playwright.	Beresford Egan	1984
date of death	Claude de Beauharnois de Beaumont et de Villechauve (22 September 1674 -- 17 January 1738) was a French naval officer from a prominent French family with significant connections to the history of New France.	Claude de Beauharnois de Beaumont et de Villechauve	17 January 1738
date of death	Honorius Augustodunensis (1080-1154), commonly known as Honorius of Autun, was a very popular 12th-century Christian theologian who wrote prolifically on many subjects.	Honorius Augustodunensis	1154
date of death	Lawrence Pearsall Jacks (9 October 1860 -- 17 February 1955), abbreviated L. P. Jacks was an English educator, philosopher, and Unitarian minister who rose to prominence in the period from World War I to World War II.	L. P. Jacks	17 February 1955
date of death	Ragnvald Hvoslef (19 September 1872, Oslo -- 8 August 1944) was a Norwegian councillor of state in the Nasjonal Samling (NS) government of Vidkun Quisling, 1940.	Ragnvald Hvoslef	8 August 1944
date of death	Trevor Storer (11 July 1930 -- 31 July 2013) was a British businessman and founder of the Pukka Pies company in 1963, which was originally called Trevor Storer's Home Made Pies.	Trevor Storer	31 July 2013
date of death	Leonhard Drach (9 March 1903 -- 12 January 1996) was a German jurist and convicted war criminal.	Leonhard Drach	1996
date of death	Johann William, Count of Erbach-Fürstenau (13 February 1707 -- 1 August 1742), was a member of the German House of Erbach who held the fiefs of Fürstenau, Michelstadt and Breuberg.	Johann William, Count of Erbach-Fürstenau	1 August 1742
date of death	Edward Everett Nourse, D.D. (December 24, 1863 -- April 30, 1929) was an American Congregational theologian.	Edward Everett Nourse	1929
date of death	Victor Le Bouthillier de Chavigny (1590-1670) was a French politician and clergyman.	Victor Le Bouthillier	1670
date of death	Elsa Kazi (1884--1967), commonly known as ``Mother EIsa'', particularly in the Sindh province of Pakistan was a German writer of one-act plays, short stories, novels and history, and a poet.	Elsa Kazi	1967
date of death	George Lambton (23 December 1860 - 23 July 1945) was a British thoroughbred racehorse trainer.	George Lambton	23 July 1945
date of death	Judith Trim (11 October 1943 -- 9 January 2001) was an English studio potter.	Judith Trim	9 January 2001
date of death	Charles William Bardeen (1847--1924) was an American educator and publisher.	Charles William Bardeen	1924
date of death	Thomas de Grey, 2nd Baron Walsingham PC (14 July 1748 -- 16 January 1818), was a British peer and politician.	Thomas de Grey, 2nd Baron Walsingham	16 January 1818
date of death	Dr. Robert Thoroton (4 October 1623 -- c. 21 November 1678) was an English antiquary, mainly remembered for his county history, The Antiquities of Nottinghamshire (1677).	Robert Thoroton	1678
date of death	Adele Bloesch-Stöcker (12 June 1875 - 10 September 1978) was a Swiss-German violinist and composer.	Adele Bloesch-Stöcker	10 September 1978
date of death	Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus, born 1894 in Toeban, Java - died April 21, 1951 in Bandung, Java was a Java born, Dutch nationality lepidopterist.	Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus	1951
date of death	Zhan Ruoshui (Chinese: 湛若水; pinyin: Zhàn Ruòshuǐ; Wade--Giles: Chan Joshui, 1466--1560), was a Chinese philosopher, educator and a Confucian scholar.	Zhan Ruoshui	1560
date of death	Thomas Holland, 1st Duke of Surrey, 3rd Earl of Kent, 4th Baron Holland, KG, Earl Marshal (1374 -- 7 January 1400) was an English nobleman.	Thomas Holland, 1st Duke of Surrey	7 January 1400
date of death	Sir William Butts (c. 1486 -- 22 November 1545) was a member of King Henry VIII of England's court and served as the King's physician.	William Butts	1545
date of death	Richard Kenward (23 May 1875 - 24 December 1957) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Derbyshire in 1899 and for Sussex in 1902.	Richard Kenward	24 December 1957
date of death	Don Francisco de Sandoval Acacitzin tlatquic teuctli was the tlatoani (ruler) of the altepetl of Itzcahuacan, Tlalmanalco, Chalco, from 1521 until his death in 1554.	Francisco de Sandoval Acacitzin	1554
date of death	Ernest Radcliffe Bond, OBE, QPM, (1 March 1919 -- 20 November 2003), also called Commander X, was a British soldier, and later policeman famous for his service in the Metropolitan Police Service.	Ernest Radcliffe Bond	20 November 2003
date of death	John Grayle or Graile (1614--1654) was an English Puritan minister.	John Grayle	1654
date of death	Janja Kantakouzenos (Serbian: Јања Кантакузиновић; after 1435 -- September 1477) was a nobleman from the mine town of Novo Brdo (then Serbian Despotate) who had economic deals in the mining industry with the Ottoman Empire after their conquest of Serbia.	Janja Kantakouzenos	September 1477
date of death	Major Nigel Harvie Bennett (23 September 1913 -- 26 July 2008) was an English cricketer.	Nigel Harvie Bennett	26 July 2008
date of death	Captain Juan de Ampudia (died 1541) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador.	Juan de Ampudia	1541
date of death	Homi Wadia (22 May 1911 -- 10 December 2004) was an Indian film director and producer in Bollywood (Hindi cinema).	Homi Wadia	10 December 2004
date of death	Henry Dunne (21 February 1872 -- 7 October 1959) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Henry Dunne	7 October 1959
date of death	Josiah Boothby CMG (1837--1916) was a public administrator in the colony of South Australia.	Josiah Boothby	1916
date of death	Edmund Roberts Larken (1809--1895) was an English cleric and Christian Socialist, a patron of radical causes and author on social matters.	Edmund Roberts Larken	1895
date of death	Andrzej Nadolski (26 November 1921, Kraków -- 24 December 1993, Łódź) was a Polish historian, specializing in Polish military history, an archaeologist, and professor.	Andrzej Nadolski	24 December 1993
date of death	Major Edgar O'Ballance (17 July 1918, Dublin, Ireland -- 8 July 2009, Wakebridge, Derbyshire, England) was a British military journalist, researcher, defence commentator and academic lecturer specialising in international relations and defence problems.	Edgar O'Ballance	8 July 2009
date of death	Khemchand Prakash ; 12 December 1907 - 10 August 1950) was a music composer in Hindi film industry.	Khemchand Prakash	10 August 1950
date of death	Jetsunma Tamdrin Wangmo Kelzang Chokyi Nyima (1836--1896) was a Tibetan Buddhist teacher and vajramaster.	Tamdrin Wangmo Kelzang Chokyi Nyima	1896
date of death	Wigger I (died 981) was the father of a line of counts ruling from his new castle of Bilstein, west of Albungen (today part of Eschwege) to the Werra.	Wigger I	981
date of death	Frank Morton (12 May 1869 -- 15 December 1923) was a journalist and poet, active in Australia.	Frank Morton	15 December 1923
date of death	Salvator Tongiorgi (25 December 1820 - 12 November 1865) was an Italian Jesuit philosopher and theologian.	Salvator Tongiorgi	12 November 1865
date of death	The Most Reverend Gabriel O'Kelly (died 4 August 1731) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who served as the Bishop of Elphin from 1718 to 1731.	Gabriel O'Kelly	4 August 1731
date of death	Mladen Dražetin (Cyrillic: Младен Дражетин, 3 March 1951, Novi Sad -- 23 July 2015, Novi Sad) was a doctor of social sciences, Serbian intellectual, economist, theatrical creator, poet, writer and philosopher.	Mladen Dražetin	23 July 2015
date of death	Paul Reynard (3 October 1927 -- 28 October 2005) was an artist, art teacher, Gurdjieff movements instructor, and co-president of the Gurdjieff Foundation of New York.	Paul Reynard	28 October 2005
date of death	Ernst Geissler (3 August 1915 in Chemnitz, Saxony, Germany -- 3 June 1989 in Huntsville, Alabama, United States) was a German-American aerospace engineer.	Ernst Geissler	3 June 1989
date of death	Orhan Boran (30 June 1928 -- 26 May 2012) was a Turkish radio and TV host and actor.	Orhan Boran	26 May 2012
date of death	Gustav von der Mülbe (11 December 1831 -- 12 February 1917) was a Prussian Generalleutnant.	Gustav von der Mülbe	12 February 1917
date of death	Jean-Henri d'Anglebert (baptized 1 April 1629 -- 23 April 1691) was a French composer, harpsichordist and organist.	Jean-Henri d'Anglebert	23 April 1691
date of death	John Edward Thompson (1882 -- 1945) was an American painter and university professor who is credited with introducing modern art to Denver, Colorado in 1918, much to the chagrin of local critics.	John Edward Thompson	1945
date of death	Gwisil Boksin (died 663) was a military general of the Korean kingdom of Baekje.	Gwisil Boksin	663
date of death	Anne-Claude Leflaive (17 January 1956 - 5 April 2015) was a French winemaker and pioneer in ``biodynamic'' viticulture.	Anne-Claude Leflaive	5 April 2015
date of death	William Perault, (c. 1190 -- 1271) also spelled Perauld;	William Perault	1271
date of death	Birillus (died 90 AD) of Antioch was an early Christian saint.	Birillus	90
date of death	Philip, Duke of Mecklenburg, sometimes called Philip I (12 September 1514 - 4 January 1557) was a Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.	Philip, Duke of Mecklenburg	4 January 1557
date of death	Eynon Evans also known as E. Eynon Rees (18 May 1904 -- 1989) was a Welsh writer and film actor of the 1950s, mainly known for his radio and television work.	Eynon Evans	1989
date of death	Dr Herman Shaw (1892 -- 4 May 1950) was a British geophysicist who was Director of the Science Museum in London, England.	Herman Shaw	4 May 1950
date of death	Eugène Boré (1809 -- 1878) was a leading missionary and linguist.	Eugène Boré	1878
date of death	Esther Brann (July 21, 1899 -- January 9, 1998) was an American children's author and illustrator.	Esther Brann	1998
date of death	Thomas de Camville (died 1235) was a minor English nobleman and judge.	Thomas de Camville	1235
date of death	Raoul of Saint Omer or Raoul of Tiberias (died 1220) was briefly Prince of Galilee and twice Seneschal of Jerusalem in the Crusader states in Palestine.	Raoul of Saint Omer	1220
date of death	Sebastian Haag (23 May 1978 -- 24 September 2014) was a German extreme ski mountaineer and extreme skier.	Sebastian Haag	24 September 2014
date of death	Lionel Charles Hopkins or L. C. Hopkins (1854-1952) was a British Sinologist noted for his study of the Chinese language.	Lionel Charles Hopkins	1952
date of death	Beatrice Ensor (1885--1974) was an English theosophical educationist, pedagogue, co-founder of the New Education Fellowship (later World Education Fellowship) and editor of the journal Education for the New Era.	Beatrice Ensor	1974
date of death	Charles Cornwallis, 2nd Baron Cornwallis of Eye (1632 -- 13 April 1673) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1662 when he inherited the peerage as Baron Cornwallis..	Charles Cornwallis, 2nd Baron Cornwallis	13 April 1673
date of death	Mahmud Hisham al-Hennawi (محمود هشام محمد مصطفى الحناوي), also known by his kunya Abu Sahl, was an Islamic militant with ties to the Egyptian Islamic Jihad who was killed in Chechnya in 2005.	Mahmud Hisham al-Hennawi	2005
date of death	Domenico Giacinto Fontana (1692 -- 1739), also known as ``Farfallino'', was an Italian castrato singer active primarily in Rome from 1712 to 1736.	Giacinto Fontana	1739
date of death	Abu Bakr Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Madhara'i (died 884), surnamed al-Atrash (``the Deaf''), was the founder of the al-Madhara'i family of fiscal bureaucrats.	Abu Bakr Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Madhara'i	884
date of death	John Chardon (also Charden, Charldon and Charlton) (died 1601) was an Englishman who became the Church of Ireland bishop of Down and Connor from 1596 to 1601.	John Chardon	1601
date of death	Susannah Harrison (1752-1784) was an English working-class religious poet.	Susannah Harrison	1784
date of death	Marcus Antistius Labeo (d. 10 or 11 AD) was an Ancient Roman jurist of the gens Antistia.	Marcus Antistius Labeo	10
date of death	Sir Daniel Ford Goddard PC (17 January 1850 -- 6 May 1922) was a British civil engineer, businessman and Liberal Party politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Ipswich from 1895 to 1918.	Daniel Ford Goddard	6 May 1922
date of death	Louis Gantois (November 15, 1929 -- 2011) was a French sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid-1950s.	Louis Gantois	2011
date of death	James Begbie FRSE FRCPE FRCSE (October 1798, Edinburgh -- 26 August 1869, Edinburgh) was a Scottish medical doctor who served as president of the Medico-Chirurgical Society of Edinburgh (1850--2) and as president of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh (1854--6).	James Begbie	26 August 1869
date of death	Botulf Botulfsson (died April 1311), from Gottröra, Uppland, was a Swedish man burned at the stake for heresy.	Botulf Botulfsson	April 1311
date of death	Walter S. Johnson (1884--1978) was a notable businessman and philanthropist in San Francisco, California.	Walter S. Johnson	1978
date of death	Charles M. Bair (1857 -- 1943) was an early railroading businessman who also became one of the largest sheep ranchers in the United States.	Charles M. Bair	1943
date of death	Charles Howard Carter (1927-1990) was professor of History at Tulane University from 1963 to 1990.	Charles Howard Carter	1990
date of death	Alfred Lubbock (31 October 1845 -- 17 July 1916) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Kent and the Marylebone Cricket Club between 1863 and 1875.	Alfred Lubbock	17 July 1916
date of death	Herbert Henry Gowen (1864--1960) was an Anglican missionary and Orientalist.	Herbert Henry Gowen	1960
date of death	Edmund Hickeringill (1631--1708) was an English churchman who lived during the period of the Commonwealth and the Restoration.	Edmund Hickeringill	1708
date of death	Giovanni Pontiero (10 February 1932 - 10 February 1996) was a British scholar and translator of Portuguese fiction, most notably the works of José Saramago.	Giovanni Pontiero	10 February 1996
date of death	Christian Haren (February 1, 1935 -- February 27, 1996) was an American actor, model and community activist.	Christian Haren	1996
date of death	James Dixon Boyd (29 September 1907 -- 7 February 1968) was an Irish-American Professor of Anatomy, Cambridge University from 1951 until his death and a Fellow of Clare College, Cambridge.	James Dixon Boyd	7 February 1968
date of death	He was consecrated as Mar Thoma V. On 24 March 1728 Mar Thoma IV died and was laid to rest at Kandanad Palli (Kandanad Martha Mariam Syriac Orthodox Church).	Mar Thoma IV	24 March 1728
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel William Osborne Smith (1833 -- 11 May 1887) served as the first Acting Commissioner of the North-West Mounted Police, from 25 September to 17 October 1873.	William Osborne Smith	11 May 1887
date of death	Akiva Govrin (Hebrew: עקיבא גוברין‎, born 12 August 1902, died 26 June 1980) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister between December 1963 and January 1966, and was the country's first Minister of Tourism.	Akiva Govrin	26 June 1980
date of death	Pietro Guarienti (c. 1700--1765) was an Italian painter and art-biographer of the late-Baroque period, active mainly in Bologna.	Pietro Guarienti	1765
date of death	Minamoto no Yoshitsuna (源 義綱) (c. 1042 -- 1134), also called Kamo Jirō (鴨 次郎), was a samurai of the Minamoto clan, and brother of Minamoto no Yoshiie.	Minamoto no Yoshitsuna	1134
date of death	William Fraser, 12th Lord Saltoun (1654--1715), was a Scottish peer and the 11th Laird of Philorth.	William Fraser, 12th Lord Saltoun	1715
date of death	Kim Seong-il (Hangul: 김성일; 1538--1593) was a Joseon Dynasty politician.	Kim Seong-il	1593
date of death	Anne Cobden-Sanderson or Julia Sarah Anne Cobden (26 March 1853 -- 2 November 1926) was a British socialist and suffragette.	Anne Cobden-Sanderson	1926
date of death	Alphonse Chapanis (1917--2002) was a pioneer in the field of industrial design, and is widely considered one of the fathers of ergonomics or human factors - the science of ensuring that design takes account of human characteristics.	Alphonse Chapanis	2002
date of death	Erasmus Earle (15 September 1590 -- 10 September 1667) was an English lawyer and politician, who became sergeant-at-law to Oliver Cromwell.	Erasmus Earle	10 September 1667
date of death	Horatio Hathaway (1831-1898) was a New England industrialist, politician, and philanthropist and namesake of Berkshire Hathaway.	Horatio Hathaway	1898
date of death	Robert Bertie, 3rd Earl of Lindsey PC FRS (8 November 1630 - 8 May 1701), styled Lord Willoughby de Eresby from 1642 to 1666, was an English nobleman.	Robert Bertie, 3rd Earl of Lindsey	1701
date of death	Henryk Hechtkopf (Hebrew: הנריק הכטקופף‎; April 4, 1910 -- July 2004) was an artist, painter, and illustrator.	Henryk Hechtkopf	2004
date of death	Jack Haw (27 December 1902 -- 29 April 1975) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Haw	29 April 1975
date of death	Giovanni Battista Cirri (1 October 1724 -- 11 June 1808) was an Italian cellist and composer in the 18th century.	Giovanni Battista Cirri	11 June 1808
date of death	Edmund Freke (also spelled Freake or Freak; c. 1516--1591) was an English dean and bishop.	Edmund Freke	1591
date of death	Mike the Headless Chicken (April 1945 -- March 1947), also known as Miracle Mike, was a Wyandotte chicken that lived for 18 months after his head had been cut off.	Mike the Headless Chicken	March 1947
date of death	Khalid ibn Abi Habib al-Fihri (?-October, 740) was an Arab military commander in North Africa during the Berber Revolt, who led the Arab army that was defeated at the Battle of the Nobles in late 740.	Khalid ibn Abi Habib al-Fihri	740
date of death	Vince Taylor (14 July 1939 -- 28 August 1991), born Brian Maurice Holden, was a British rock and roll singer.	Vince Taylor	28 August 1991
date of death	Ethel Anderson (née Campbell) (16 March 1883 -- 4 August 1958) was an early twentieth century Australian poet, essayist, novelist and painter.	Ethel Anderson	4 August 1958
date of death	Nini Haslund Gleditsch (22 June 1908 -- 25 July 1996) was a Norwegian political activist and advocate for peace.	Nini Haslund Gleditsch	25 July 1996
date of death	Liuvigild, Leuvigild, Leovigild (Gothic: Liubagilds), or Leovigildo (Spanish and Portuguese), (c. 519 -- 21 April 586) was a Visigothic King of Hispania and Septimania from 568 to April 21, 586.	Liuvigild	586
date of death	Thomas Grey, Lord Grey of Groby (c. 1623--1657), was an elected Member of Parliament for Leicester during the English Long Parliament, an active member of the Parliamentary party and a regicide.	Thomas Grey, Lord Grey of Groby	1657
date of death	Spencer Compton, 1st Earl of Wilmington KG KB PC (ca 1673 -- 2 July 1743) was a British Whig statesman who served continuously in government from 1715 until his death.	Spencer Compton, 1st Earl of Wilmington	2 July 1743
date of death	Joost Berman (9 January 1793 -- 18 March 1855) was a Dutch lawyer, judge, poet, nonfiction writer, and editor.	Joost Berman	18 March 1855
date of death	Lord Walter Bagenal (1670--1745) was a member of the prominent Bagenal family, who resided in Dunleckney Manor in County Carlow, Ireland.	Lord Walter Bagenal	1745
date of death	Lars Johan Hierta (22 January 1801 -- 20 November 1872) was a Swedish newspaper publisher, social critic, businessman and politician.	Lars Johan Hierta	20 November 1872
date of death	Stanley Mullen (June 20, 1911 -- 1974) was an American artist, short story writer, novelist and publisher.	Stanley Mullen	1974
date of death	Hugh Fernando (died 1993) was a Sri Lankan politician.	Hugh Fernando	1993
date of death	Sengrui (僧睿; 371--438 AD) was a Buddhist monk and scholar.	Sengrui	438
date of death	Henry I, Count of Tecklenburg (c. 1115 -- 22 November 1156) was a German nobleman.	Henry I, Count of Tecklenburg	22 November 1156
date of death	Bohumil Honzátko (30 December 1875 -- 12 December 1950) was a Czech gymnast and long-distance runner.	Bohumil Honzátko	12 December 1950
date of death	James Tuchet, 5th Baron Audley, 2nd Baron Tuchet (c. 1398--1459) was an English peer.	James Tuchet, 5th Baron Audley	1459
date of death	James Hadfield or Hatfield (1771/1772 -- 23 January 1841) attempted to assassinate George III of the United Kingdom in 1800 but was acquitted of attempted murder by reason of insanity.	James Hadfield	23 January 1841
date of death	Hugh Miller (10 October 1802 -- 23/24 December 1856) was a self-taught Scottish geologist and writer, folklorist and an evangelical Christian.	Hugh Miller	1856
date of death	Nehemiah Grew (26 September 1641 -- 25 March 1712) was an English plant anatomist and physiologist, known as the ``Father of Plant Anatomy''.	Nehemiah Grew	25 March 1712
date of death	Lorne Earl Blanchard (June 6, 1883 -- 1967) was an American-born machinist and political figure in Saskatchewan.	Lorne Earl Blanchard	1967
date of death	John Cayo Evans (1 March 1879 -- 8 March 1958) was a Welsh mathematician and academic.	John Cayo Evans	8 March 1958
date of death	James Worsdale (c. 1692 -- 10 June 1767) was an Irish and English portrait painter, actor, literary fraud, and libertine whose lively conversation, wittiness, and boldness allowed him to move among the highest circles of literary life.	James Worsdale	1767
date of death	Peng Jiamu (simplified Chinese: 彭加木; pinyin: Péng Jiāmù, 1925--1980) was a Chinese biochemist and explorer.	Peng Jiamu	1980
date of death	Rabbi Avraham Shlomo Zalman Zoref (1786-1851), born in Kėdainiai, was one of the first pioneers who rebuilt the Ashkenazi Jewish community in Jerusalem in the beginning of the 19th century and the first recorded victim of the Arab terror in Israel.	Shlomo Zalman Zoref	1851
date of death	Stjepan Kovačević (Hungarian: István Kovacsevics; 1841 -- 25 April 1913) was a Croatian politician, who served as Minister without portfolio of Croatian Affairs between 1905 and 1906.	Stjepan Kovačević	25 April 1913
date of death	Andrzej Jastrzębiec, also known as Andrzej Wasilko or Andrzej Polak, (died 1398) was a Polish Catholic priest and diplomat, a first bishop of Seret and of Vilnius.	Andrzej Jastrzębiec	1398
date of death	Wesley Newcomb (1818--1892) was an American physician and a malacologist who specialized in land snails.	Wesley Newcomb	1892
date of death	Sanford H. Roth (1906--1962) was an internationally known photographer whose work has appeared in Time, Life, Look, Fortune, Paris Match, Elle, Der Stern, Harper's Bazaar, Vogue, Oggi, People, and other publications.	Sanford H. Roth	1962
date of death	Jean-Claude Verpilleux (2 May 1798 - 13 October 1875) was a French mine laborer who became a leading engineer, manufacturer and inventor.	Claude Verpilleux	13 October 1875
date of death	Abdulkadir Dheel (Somali: Cabdulqaadir Dheel, Arabic: عبد القادر ديل‎) (d. 3 July 1972) was a prominent Somali military figure.	Abdulkadir Dheel	3 July 1972
date of death	Meem Hay Latifi (Urdu: محمد حسن لطیفی) (b. 11 December 1905 -- 23 May 1959) was a renowned poet and journalist of Urdu.	Meem Hay Latifi	23 May 1959
date of death	Traute Foresti (15 March 1915 in Payerbach -- 3 April 2015 in Vienna) was an Austrian poet and actress.	Traute Foresti	3 April 2015
date of death	Eduard Heinrich Graeffe or Gräffe (27 December 1833, Zurich -- 23 April 1916 Ljubljana) was a Swiss zoologist and naturalist.	Eduard Heinrich Graeffe	23 April 1916
date of death	William Hay, 17th Earl of Erroll (12 March 1772 -- 26 January 1819), known as Lord Hay until 1778, was a Scottish peer.	William Hay, 17th Earl of Erroll	26 January 1819
date of death	Wolfgang Heyda (14 November 1913 -- 21 August 1947) was a German U-boat commander during World War II.	Wolfgang Heyda	21 August 1947
date of death	Katharine Lambert Richards Rockwell (1891-1972) was an American theologian, writer, and professor.	Katharine Lambert Richards Rockwell	1972
date of death	Virupaksha Raya (1404--1405 CE) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire.	Virupaksha Raya	1405
date of death	Margaret Irving Handy (1889 - 1977) was a pioneering doctor who was one of the first to specialize in pediatric medicine.	Margaret Irving Handy	1977
date of death	Prince Jan Lubomirski (died 1736) was a Polish szlachcic.	Jan Lubomirski	1736
date of death	Vladimir Yazdovsky (1913--1999) was a Soviet space program medical scientist.	Vladimir Yazdovsky	1999
date of death	Francis Cleyn (or Francesco Cleyn or Clein; also Frantz or Franz Klein) (c. 1582 -- 1658) was a German-born painter and tapestry designer who lived and worked in England.	Francis Cleyn	1658
date of death	Dr Honoria Somerville Keer, MBChB (26 December 1883 -- 20 March 1969) was a British surgeon during World War I, where she served as Assistant Medical Officer with the Girton and Newnham Unit of the Scottish Women's Hospital for Foreign Service.	Honoria Somerville Keer	20 March 1969
date of death	Sir Thomas Chaworth (died 1459) was an English landowner and Member of Parliament.	Thomas Chaworth	1459
date of death	Francesco Calcagno (1528 - 1550) was a young Franciscan friar famously executed for blasphemy and sodomy by the Venetian Inquisition.	Francesco Calcagno	1550
date of death	Edmund Warwick (15 July 1907 -- 21 December 1989) was a British actor who appeared in various television programmes.	Edmund Warwick	21 December 1989
date of death	Edward Waddington (1670?--1731) was an English prelate, bishop of Chichester from 1724 to 1731.	Edward Waddington	1731
date of death	Ralph Swillington (died 1525) was Recorder of Coventry and Attorney General to Henry VIII. Swillington was Attorney General for the short period of time between 1524 and his death in the following year.	Ralph Swillington	1525
date of death	Manès Sperber (12 December 1905 -- 5 February 1984) was an Austrian-French novelist, essayist and psychologist.	Manès Sperber	5 February 1984
date of death	Naser Beadini (20 May 1962 -- 16 January 1992) was a football forward who played for clubs in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.	Naser Beadini	16 January 1992
date of death	Otto Casmann (1562 - 1 August 1607) (also known by the Latinized name Casmannus) was a German humanist who converted from Catholicism to Protestantism as a young man.	Otto Casmann	1 August 1607
date of death	Renaat Bosschaert (1938--2007) was a Belgian artist working in painting, graphic arts, sculpture, ceramic arts, engraving and printmaking.	Renaat Bosschaert	2007
date of death	William Henry Hurlbert (July 3, 1827--September 4, 1895) was an American journalist and author of ``The Diary of a Public Man,'' published in the North American Review in 1879.	William Henry Hurlbert	1895
date of death	Helen Messinger Murdoch (1862--1956) was an American photographer who pioneered the use of Autochromes in travel photography.	Helen Messinger Murdoch	1956
date of death	George Sturt (1863-1927), who also wrote under the pseudonym George Bourne, was an English writer on rural crafts and affairs.	George Sturt	1927
date of death	Sir Francis Leke, 1st Baronet (1627 - October 1679) was an English soldier, administrator and Member of Parliament.	Sir Francis Leke, 1st Baronet	1679
date of death	Jarava Lal Mehta (1912 -- 11 July 1988) was an Indian philosopher, an expert on the philosophy of Martin Heidegger.	Jarava Lal Mehta	11 July 1988
date of death	Julio García Nakpil (born Julio Nakpil y García; 22 May 1867 -- 2 November 1960) was a Filipino musician, composer and a General during the Philippine Revolution against Spain.	Julio Nakpil	2 November 1960
date of death	Brigadier Harry Kenneth Dimoline CBE MBE DSO TD CPM (6 September? 1903--15 November 1972) was an artillery officer in the British and British Indian Armies during World War II.	Harry Kenneth Dimoline	1972
date of death	John Weldon (6 September 1890 -- 4 February 1963; alternatively ``A. E. Weldon''), known by his pen- and stage-name Brinsley MacNamara, was an Irish writer, playwright, and the registrar of the National Gallery of Ireland.	Brinsley MacNamara	1963
date of death	Martin Finn (22 August 1917 -- 7 March 1988) was an Irish Fine Gael politician, farmer and auctioneer.	Martin Finn	7 March 1988
date of death	Lord Anne Hamilton (12 October 1709 -- 25 December 1748) was a Scottish nobleman.	Lord Anne Hamilton	25 December 1748
date of death	Walter Suffield (died 19 May 1257) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich.	Walter Suffield	19 May 1257
date of death	Natko Nodilo (31 August 1834, Split -- 21 May 1912, Zagreb) was a Croatian politician, historian, publicist, university professor and rector of the University of Zagreb.	Natko Nodilo	21 May 1912
date of death	Sir Edward Astley, 4th Baronet (26 December 1729 -- 27 March 1802) was a British politician.	Sir Edward Astley, 4th Baronet	27 March 1802
date of death	Nathaniel Wells (10 September 1779 -- 13 May 1852), was the son of a Welsh merchant and a black slave.	Nathaniel Wells	13 May 1852
date of death	Gwili Andre (4 February 1908 -- 5 February 1959) was a Danish model and actress who had a brief career in Hollywood films.	Gwili Andre	5 February 1959
date of death	Vincenzo Manenti (also known as Vincenzio Manenti) (c. 1600-1674) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Vincenzo Manenti	1674
date of death	William Gurnall (1616 -- 12 October 1679) was an English author and clergyman born at King's Lynn, Norfolk, where he was baptised on 17 November 1616.	William Gurnall	12 October 1679
date of death	Fujiwara no Narichika (藤原 成親) (1138--1178) was a Japanese court noble who took part in a plot against the Taira clan's dominance of the Imperial court.	Fujiwara no Narichika	1178
date of death	Sir Anthony Shirley, 1st Baronet (1624 - June 1683) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1654 and 1659.	Sir Anthony Shirley, 1st Baronet	June 1683
date of death	Abdelmajid Benjelloun (1919--1981) was a novelist, journalist and ambassador from Morocco.	Abdelmajid Benjelloun	1981
date of death	Carlo Troya (also spelled Troja; 7 June 1784 -- 28 July 1858) was a historian and politician who served as Prime Minister of the Two Sicilies from 3 April 1848 until 15 May 1848.	Carlo Troya	28 July 1858
date of death	Hans-Georg Bohle (3 March 1948 -- 20 September 2014) was a German geographer and international development researcher.	Hans-Georg Bohle	20 September 2014
date of death	Saint Macrina the Elder (before 270 -- c. 340) was the mother of Saint Basil the Elder, and the grandmother of Basil the Great, Saint Gregory of Nyssa, Saint Peter of Sebaste, and Saint Macrina the Younger.	Macrina the Elder	340
date of death	Eliza Lucas Pinckney (December 28, 1722--1793) changed agriculture in colonial South Carolina, where she developed indigo as one of its most important cash crops.	Eliza Lucas	1793
date of death	Samuel Abraham Marx (August 27, 1885 - January 1964) was an American architect, designer and interior decorator.	Samuel Abraham Marx	1964
date of death	Nils Abraham Langlet (9 July 1868 - 30 March 1936; known by his second given name) was a Swedish chemist.	Abraham Langlet	30 March 1936
date of death	Linnaeus Tripe (14 April 1822 -- 2 March 1902) was a British photographer, best known for his photographs of India and Burma taken in the 1850s.	Linnaeus Tripe	2 March 1902
date of death	Marinus of Tyre (Greek: Μαρῖνος ὁ Τύριος, Marînos o Týrios; c. AD 70--130) was a Greek or Hellenized geographer, cartographer and mathematician, who founded mathematical geography and provided the underpinnings of Claudius Ptolemy's influential Geography.	Marinus of Tyre	130
date of death	Margrethe Marie Thomasine Numsen, née Ingenhaef(f) (8 March 1705 -8 October 1776), was a politically active Danish courtier.	Margrethe Marie Thomasine Numsen	1776
date of death	Randle Wilbraham Falconer (1816 -- 6 May 1881) was a British medical writer.	Randle Wilbraham Falconer	6 May 1881
date of death	Antonio Gragnani (1740--1794) was an Italian violin maker.	Antonio Gragnani	1794
date of death	Kathleen Hamilton, Duchess of Abercorn, DCVO (8 July 1905 -- 2 February 1990) was Mistress of the Robes to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother from 1964 to her death in 1990.	Kathleen Hamilton, Duchess of Abercorn	2 February 1990
date of death	Saints Cyrion and Candidus (d. 320 AD) are ethnic Armenian saints.	Cyrion and Candidus	320
date of death	Ímar ua Ímair (Old Norse: Ívarr, died 904) was a Norse or Norse-Gaelic King of Dublin.	Ímar ua Ímair	904
date of death	Sir John Pryce, 1st Baronet (ca. 1596--ca. 1657), sometimes also spelt Price, was an Anglo-Welsh Baronet and Member of Parliament.	Sir John Pryce, 1st Baronet	1657
date of death	Jacob Osgood (16 March 1777 -- 29 November 1844) was the founder of a 19th-century Christian sect in New Hampshire known as the Osgoodites.	Jacob Osgood	29 November 1844
date of death	Alice Auma (1956 -- 17 January 2007) was an Acholi spirit-medium who, as the head of the Holy Spirit Movement, led a millennial rebellion against the Ugandan government forces of President Yoweri Museveni from August 1986 until November 1987.	Alice Auma	17 January 2007
date of death	Edward Dalton Marchant (1806-1887), also known as Edward D. Marchant and E. D. Marchant, was an American artist.	Edward Dalton Marchant	1887
date of death	Charles Gargotta, also known as ``Mad Dog'', (1900--1950) was a Kansas City, Missouri gangster who became a top enforcer for the Kansas City crime family.	Charles Gargotta	1950
date of death	Charlie Tyson (14 November 1897 - 23 September 1985) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League during the 1920s.	Charlie Tyson	1985
date of death	Nicholas Grimald (or Grimoald) (1519--1562) was an English poet and dramatist.	Nicholas Grimald	1562
date of death	William Walls (2 August 1819 -- 27 September 1893) was a Scottish lawyer, industrialist and Dean of Guild of Glasgow.	William Walls	27 September 1893
date of death	Donald E. Worcester (1915-2003) was an American historian who specialized in Southwestern United States and Latin American history.	Donald E. Worcester	2003
date of death	Roger Baynes (1546--1623) was secretary to Cardinal Allen and an author.	Roger Baynes	1623
date of death	Christopher Anstey (31 October 1724 -- 3 August 1805) was an English poet who also wrote in Latin.	Christopher Anstey	3 August 1805
date of death	Robert Hugh Martin (1896 -- 14 March 1918) was a British soldier who is perhaps the only known soldier to receive heart surgery during World War I. On 14 November 1917 Trooper Martin was wounded in the Salonika Campaign when he was shot by a Bulgarian soldier.	Robert Hugh Martin	14 March 1918
date of death	John Bowyer Nichols (1779--1863) was an English printer and antiquary.	John Bowyer Nichols	1863
date of death	Bernard John McQuaid (New York City, 15 December 1823 -- Rochester, New York, 18 January 1909) was an American Catholic priest, the first Bishop of Rochester, U.S.A. and the first president of Seton Hall University.	Bernard John McQuaid	18 January 1909
date of death	Gilbert de Greenlaw (1354--1421) was a medieval Bishop of Aberdeen and Bishop-elect of St. Andrews.	Gilbert de Greenlaw	1421
date of death	Sir William Lionel Fraser CMG (1895 -- 2 January 1965) was a British banker and self-made millionaire.	Lionel Fraser	2 January 1965
date of death	Ole Konrad Ribsskog (8 December 1886 -- 26 January 1941) was a Norwegian educator and politician for the Labour and the Social Democratic Labour parties.	Ole Konrad Ribsskog	1941
date of death	Mildred Sanderson (1889-1914) was an American mathematician, best known for her mathematical theorem concerning modular invariants.	Mildred Sanderson	1914
date of death	John Francillon (1744--1816) was a jeweler and lapidary, an English naturalist and an entomologist of Huguenot descent.	John Francillon	1816
date of death	Ernst-Günther Schenck (3 October 1904 -- 21 December 1998) was a German Obersturmbannführer (lieutenant-colonel) and doctor who joined the SS in 1933.	Ernst-Günther Schenck	21 December 1998
date of death	Richard Longe (died 1650) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1642.	Richard Longe	1650
date of death	Per Ivarson Undi (1803 -- 28 July 1860), also known as Peter Iverson, was an early Norwegian-American homesteader in Wisconsin Territory.	Per Ivarson Undi	28 July 1860
date of death	Arsalan Pouria (Persian: ارسلان پوریا‎) (1930-4 June 1994) was an Iranian poet and playwright who believed in archaism.	Arsalan Pouria	1994
date of death	Adolph Lippe (11 May 1812 near Goerlitz, Prussia -- 23 January 1888 in Philadelphia) was a homeopathic physician who worked in the United States.	Adolph Lippe	23 January 1888
date of death	Antonino Grano (1660--1718) was an Italian painter and engraver, principally active in Sicily.	Antonino Grano	1718
date of death	Pietro Farnese, also called Piero de Farneto or Petruccio di Cola (c. 1310 -- 20 June 1363) was an Italian condottiero.	Pietro Farnese	20 June 1363
date of death	Vittorio Arrigoni (4 February 1975 -- 15 April 2011) was an Italian reporter, writer, pacifist and activist.	Vittorio Arrigoni	15 April 2011
date of death	Helmut Braunlich (born 19 May 1929 in Brünn, Moravia; d. 24 May 2013) was a German-American violinist, composer, and musicologist.	Helmut Braunlich	24 May 2013
date of death	Bogdan Saltanov (Russian: Богдан Салтанов; 1630s -- 1703), also known as Ivan Ievlevich Saltanov, was a Persian-born Armenian painter at the court of Alexis I of Russia and his successors.	Bogdan Saltanov	1703
date of death	Max Howell (26 December 1921 -- 3 October 2012) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Max Howell	3 October 2012
date of death	Wing Commander Walter Gibb DSO, DFC (26 March 1919 at Port Talbot, Wales -- 4 October 2006) was a flying ace and a British test pilot who twice held the world altitude record.	Walter Gibb	4 October 2006
date of death	Thomas Benbow Phillips (14 February 1828 - 30 January 1915) was a pioneer of the Welsh settlements in Brazil and, more successfully, Patagonia during the 19th century.	Thomas Benbow Phillips	30 January 1915
date of death	Kim Chung-seon (1571--1642), born name Sayaka (沙也可) and often known by his pen name Mohadang, was a Japanese general who defected to Korea during the Japanese invasion.	Kim Chung-seon	1642
date of death	Thomas Darbyshire (1518--1604) was an English churchman and Jesuit.	Thomas Darbyshire	1604
date of death	Alexandre Biyidi Awala (30 June 1932 -- 8 October 2001), known as Mongo Beti or Eza Boto, was a Cameroonian writer.	Mongo Beti	8 October 2001
date of death	Abdullah Abdul Latif Al Othman (Arabic: عبدالله عبد اللطيف العثمان‎) (1895 -- 1965) was a Kuwaiti businessman who was amongst the first to live in Hawalli.	Abdullah Abdul Latif Al Othman	1965
date of death	Ion Oblemenco (13 May 1945 -- 1 September 1996) was a Romanian football striker who spent the majority of his career playing for Universitatea Craiova.	Ion Oblemenco	1 September 1996
date of death	Eugenia Berlin (1905 -- 2003) was a Russian-born Canadian sculptor, painter, designer and director.	Eugenia Berlin	2003
date of death	Germund Dahlquist (16 January 1925 -- 8 February 2005) was a Swedish mathematician known primarily for his early contributions to the theory of numerical analysis as applied to differential equations.	Germund Dahlquist	8 February 2005
date of death	Sir Robert Parker, 1st Baronet (ca. 1655 -- 30 November 1691) of Ratton, Sussex was an English politician.	Sir Robert Parker, 1st Baronet	1691
date of death	Captain Alexander V. Fraser, USRM, (April 20, 1804 -- 1868) was an American seaman, who served as the first Chief of the Revenue Marine Bureau, Department of the Treasury, one of the predecessor agencies of the United States Coast Guard.	Alexander V. Fraser	1868
date of death	Peter von Beeck (died February 23, 1624 in Aachen) was a German religious figure and a canon of the church..	Peter von Beeck	1624
date of death	Shangguan Yunxiang (traditional Chinese: 上官雲相; simplified Chinese: 上官云相; pinyin: Shàngguān Yúnxiàng; 1895--8 August 1969) was a Kuomintang general from Shanghe County, Shandong.	Shangguan Yunxiang	8 August 1969
date of death	Diego López V de Haro, nicknamed el Intruso (c. 1250 -- 1310), was a Spanish noble of the House of Haro and held the title of the Lord of Biscay which he took from the pretender to the title, John of Castile.	Diego López V de Haro	1310
date of death	Haworth Watson (26 September 1880 -- 24 November 1951) was an English first-class cricketer, who played twenty nine matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1908 and 1914.	Haworth Watson	24 November 1951
date of death	Richard Gibbons (born at Winchester, 1550 or 1549; died at Douai, 23 June 1632) was an English Jesuit scholar.	Richard Gibbons	1632
date of death	Hysni Curri (?--1925) was a Kosovar Albanian military figure and a prominent leader of the Kachak movement and the Committee for the National Defence of Kosovo.	Hysni Curri	1925
date of death	Edmund Sharpe (31 October 1809 -- 8 May 1877) was an English architect, architectural historian, railway engineer, and sanitary reformer.	Edmund Sharpe	8 May 1877
date of death	Percy Addleshaw (b. 1866 Bowdon, Cheshire; d. 1916) was an English barrister and writer.	Percy Addleshaw	1916
date of death	Wallace Arnold Oakes GC (23 April 1932 -- 12 June 1965), known as Wally Oakes, was a train driver with British Railways who was born in Barbridge, Cheshire and lived at Wheelock Heath, Sandbach, Cheshire.	Wally Oakes	12 June 1965
date of death	Ibrahim ibn Tashfin (died 1147) was the seventh Almoravid king, who reigned shortly in 1146--1147.	Ibrahim ibn Tashfin	1147
date of death	Franz Dischinger (8 October 1887 - 9 January 1953) was a pioneering German civil and structural engineer, responsible for the development of the modern cable-stayed bridge.	Franz Dischinger	9 January 1953
date of death	Barsauma died in 491, according to Bar Hebraeus he was killed by monks from Tur Abdin with the keys of their cells, however he also mentions how his tomb may be found in the Church of Mar Jacob in Nisibis.	Barsauma	491
date of death	Aharon Rokeach (19 December 1880 -- 18 August 1957) was the fourth Rebbe of the Belz Hasidic dynasty.	Aharon Rokeach	18 August 1957
date of death	Humphrey Berisford (probably died ca. 1588) was an English recusant who was imprisoned for his adherence to Roman Catholicism, dying in prison.	Humphrey Berisford	1588
date of death	Melania the Elder (325-410), one of the wealthiest citizens of the empire, was born in Spain, and was related to Paulinus of Nola.	Melania the Elder	410
date of death	Willy Oskar Dressler (25 April 1876 -- 7 November 1954), was a German writer on art and interior decoration.	Willy Oskar Dressler	7 November 1954
date of death	Norm Harris (11 September 1906 -- 4 October 1985) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Harris	4 October 1985
date of death	Fitnat Hanım (died in 1780) was the pen name of Ottoman Turkish woman poet Zübeyde, who lived in the 18th century.	Fitnat Hanım	1780
date of death	Jean-Jacques Dussumier (1792--1883) was a French voyager and merchant from Bordeaux.	Jean-Jacques Dussumier	1883
date of death	Salomo Liscow (1640, Niemitsch -- 1689) was a German clergyman and hymn writer.	Salomo Liscow	1689
date of death	Marko Vovchok (Ukrainian: Марко́ Вовчо́к, real name Mariya Vilinska, Ukrainian: Марія Олександрівна Вілінська; 22 December 1833 -- 10 August 1907) was a famous Ukrainian writer.	Marko Vovchok	10 August 1907
date of death	Bjørn Bue (30 January 1934 -- 13 April 1997) was a Norwegian Lutheran missionary and bishop.	Bjørn Bue	13 April 1997
date of death	Henry Perrine (5 April 1797 -- 7 August 1840) was a physician, horticulturist, United States Consul in Campeche, Campeche, Mexico, and an enthusiast for introducing tropical plants into cultivation in the United States.	Henry Perrine	7 August 1840
date of death	David Sutherland Hibbard (1868--1966) was an American missionary and educator who established and served as first president of Silliman Institute, now Silliman University in Dumaguete City, Philippines.	David Sutherland Hibbard	1966
date of death	Henry Harold Welch Pearson (28 January 1870, Long Sutton, Lincolnshire - 3 November 1916, Wynberg, Cape Town), was a British-born South African botanist, chiefly remembered for founding Kirstenbosch National Botanical Garden in 1913.	Henry Harold Welch Pearson	3 November 1916
date of death	Robert Straube was an American artist born in 1938 St Louis, Missouri and died in 2006 in Shoreview, Minnesota.	Robert Straube	2006
date of death	Nikolaos Paparrodou (Greek: Νικόλαος Παπαρρόδου, 1902 -- 1980) was a Greek fencer.	Nikolaos Paparrodou	1980
date of death	Paddy Moclair (1908 -- 9 May 1983) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a full-forward and as a full-back for the Mayo senior team.	Paddy Moclair	9 May 1983
date of death	Henry Clive (1882--1960) was an Australian-born American graphic artist and illustrator.	Henry Clive	1960
date of death	Dr. Jacob Seidenberg (1914--1996) was a government official who specialized in labor arbitration and non-discrimination contracts, and wrote extensively on labor law and negotiations.	Jacob Seidenberg	1996
date of death	Mihály Fincicky (Csepely, 22 September 1842 -- Ungvár 1916) was a Hungarian lawyer, translator, collector of folk-songs and folk-poets, mayor of Ungcár.	Mihály Fincicky	1916
date of death	Rear-Admiral Alexander Innes (died 1786) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander-in-Chief of the Jamaica Station.	Alexander Innes	1786
date of death	Charles Bousfield Huleatt (1863 -- 1908) also known under the pseudonym of Caulifield, was an Anglican priest born in Folkestone, England.	Charles Bousfield Huleatt	1908
date of death	Edwin Thorne, II (20 December 1914, New York City -- 15 October 2002, Grand Junction, Colorado) was a member of a prominent American family.	Edwin Thorne, II	15 October 2002
date of death	Trevor Storton (26 November 1949 -- 23 March 2011) was an English footballer who played as a central defender.	Trevor Storton	23 March 2011
date of death	Pandit Raghunath Prasanna (c.1920 -- June 1999) was an Indian classical shehnai and flute player.	Raghunath Prasanna	1999
date of death	Albert Kinross (4 July 1870 -- 19 March 1929) was an English journalist, magazine editor and writer of novels, stories and articles.	Albert Kinross	1929
date of death	Helen Gloag (1750--1790), of Muthill, Perthshire, Scotland, became the Empress of Morocco.	Helen Gloag	1790
date of death	Ove Ødegaard (11 April 1931 -- 15 November 1964) was a Norwegian footballer.	Ove Ødegaard	15 November 1964
date of death	Harutiun Shahrigian (Armenian: Հարություն Մկրտիչի Շահրիկյան; 1860 -- 1915) was an Armenian politician, soldier, lawyer, and author.	Harutiun Shahrigian	1915
date of death	Teige Ó Flaithbheartaigh (died 1589) was an Irish rebel and warlord.	Teige Ó Flaithbheartaigh	1589
date of death	Anna Masterton Buchan (1877--1948) was a Scottish novelist who wrote under the pen name O. Douglas.	O. Douglas	1948
date of death	Josie McDermott (1925--1992) was a traditional Irish musician: a flute and tin whistle player, composer and singer.	Josie McDermott	1992
date of death	Edward Webb (1779-1839), of Adwell, near Tetsworth, Gloucestershire and 181 Piccadilly, Middlesex, was a politician.	Edward Webb	1839
date of death	Yang Changji (simplified Chinese: 杨昌济; traditional Chinese: 楊昌濟; pinyin: Yáng Chāngjì; 21 April 1871 -- 17 January 1920) was a Chinese educator, philosopher, and writer.	Yang Changji	17 January 1920
date of death	Robert Louis-Dreyfus (14 June 1946 -- 4 July 2009) was a French businessman who had major success as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Adidas-Salomon and Saatchi & Saatchi.	Robert Louis-Dreyfus	4 July 2009
date of death	Minnie Blanche Bishop (27 December 1864 -- 16 October 1917) was a teacher and author in Canada.	Minnie Blanche Bishop	16 October 1917
date of death	Chen Liting (Chinese: 陈鲤庭; pinyin: Chén Lǐtíng; 20 October 1910 -- 27 August 2013) was a Chinese playwright, drama and film director, screenwriter, and film theorist.	Chen Liting	27 August 2013
date of death	Raya Rahutta Raya Vajridu Raya Mannida Raya Avadai Raghunatha Tondaiman (died 1661) was a Kallar chieftain of Karambakudi and a feudatory of the Vijayanagar Empire.	Avadai Raghunatha Tondaiman	1661
date of death	Hélion de Villeneuve (c. 1270 -- 1346) was a French-born Grand Master of the Knights of St. John.	Hélion de Villeneuve	1346
date of death	General Sir Francis Reginald Wingate, 1st Baronet GCB, GCVO, GBE, KCMG, DSO, TD (25 June 1861 -- 29 January 1953) was a British general and administrator in Egypt and the Sudan.	Reginald Wingate	29 January 1953
date of death	Bruno Franz Kaulbach (1880-1963) was an Austrian lawyer and a member of the Kohn family from Bennisch whose descendants include the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry.	Bruno Franz Kaulbach	1963
date of death	Reginald Somerville (1867 -- 8 July 1948) was an English composer and actor.	Reginald Somerville	8 July 1948
date of death	Giorgi Avalishvili (Georgian: გიორგი ავალიშვილი) (1769 -- 1850) was a Georgian diplomat, writer and one of the founding fathers of the Georgian theatre.	Giorgi Avalishvili	1850
date of death	Ezzelino I da Romano, also known as Ezzelino il Balbo (died 1189) was an Italian nobleman of the Ezzelini family, who was lord of Onara, Romano, Bassano and Godego.	Ezzelino I da Romano	1189
date of death	Johannes Anton Ullrich (1826--1895) was a German industrialist, inventor, and co-founder of the ``Gebrüder Ullrich'' in the Rhineland-Palatinate.	Anton Ullrich	1895
date of death	Emma Jane Catherine Cobden (28 April 1851 -- 7 July 1947), known as Jane Cobden, was a British Liberal politician who was active in many radical causes in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	Jane Cobden	7 July 1947
date of death	John Rushout, 1st Baron Northwick (23 July 1738 -- 20 October 1800) was a British politician and Member of Parliament (MP) for Evesham.	John Rushout, 1st Baron Northwick	20 October 1800
date of death	Saul Gorn (10 November 1912 -- 22 February 1992) was an American pioneer in computer and information science who was a member of the School of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Pennsylvania for more than 30 years.	Saul Gorn	22 February 1992
date of death	Virginia Satir (26 June 1916 -- 10 September 1988) was an American author and social worker, known especially for her approach to family therapy and her work with family reconstruction.	Virginia Satir	10 September 1988
date of death	Peter Craine (19?? -- 2003) was a politician from the Isle of Man and an MHK for Douglas South.	Peter Craine	2003
date of death	He Tianjian (Chinese: 贺天健; 1891 -- 2 April 1977), formerly romanized as Ho T'ien-chien, was a Chinese guohua painter and a leading member of the Shanghai School of art.	He Tianjian	2 April 1977
date of death	John Clement Gordon (1644--1726), originally just John Gordon, bishop of Galloway, was born in Scotland on 1644, and was a member of the Gordon family of Coldwells, near Ellon in Buchan, Aberdeenshire.	John Clement Gordon	1726
date of death	Carl Keller (9 July 1893 -- 17 June 1981) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Carl Keller	17 June 1981
date of death	Rev. Benjamin Rush Rhees (1860--1939) was the third president of the University of Rochester, serving from 1900-1935.	Benjamin Rush Rhees	1939
date of death	Josiah Charles Trent (7 August 1914--10 December 1948) was an American surgeon and a historian of medicine.	Josiah Charles Trent	10 December 1948
date of death	Francis Hely-Hutchinson (26 October 1769 -- 16 December 1827), styled The Honourable from 1783, was an Irish politician.	Francis Hely-Hutchinson	16 December 1827
date of death	Ieuan ap Hywel Swrdwal (?1430 - ?1480) was a Welsh poet, from Norman stock.	Ieuan ap Hywel Swrdwal	1480
date of death	Guillaume le Vinier (c. 1190--1245) was a cleric and trouvère, one of the most prolific composers in the genre.	Guillaume le Vinier	1245
date of death	Ronald Haworth (born 10 March 1901 -- October 1973) was an English footballer.	Ronald Haworth	1973
date of death	Thomas Griffitts (died 1746) was Mayor of Philadelphia on three occasions.	Thomas Griffitts	1746
date of death	Andriantsimitoviaminiandriana Andriandrazaka (also Andriantsimitoviaminandriandrazaka) was King of Avaradrano in the central highlands of Madagascar from 1710 to 1730, and king of neighboring Ambohidrabiby after defeating his brother, Andrianavalonimerina.	Andriantsimitoviaminiandriana Andriandrazaka	1730
date of death	Ali Jalla Abdul Jalil Shah II (died 1597) was the Sultan of Johor from 1571 to 1597.	Ali Jalla Abdul Jalil Shah II	1597
date of death	Dnyaneshwar or Dnyandev (IAST: Jñāneśvar) (1275--1296) was a 13th-century Marathi saint, poet, philosopher and yogi of the Nath tradition whose Dnyaneshvari (a commentary on the Bhagavad Gita) and Amrutanubhav are considered to be milestones in Marathi literature	Dnyaneshwar	1296
date of death	Saint Joseph Zhang Dapeng (Chinese:張大鵬, 1754 -- 12 March 1815), was a Chinese martyr.	Zhang Dapeng	12 March 1815
date of death	Brian Burland (23 April 1931 -- 11 February 2010) was a Bermudian writer, who was the author of nine acclaimed novels that typically dealt with colonialism, family strife and race.	Brian Burland	11 February 2010
date of death	Foolabai (1664--1682) was a saintly Jat woman popularly known as Bhakt Shiromani Foolabai.	Foolabai	1682
date of death	William Whittingham Lyman (July 28, 1850 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania -- 1921) was the son of Theodore Benedict Lyman.	William Whittingham Lyman	1921
date of death	Sir Charles Rivers Wilson (1831-1916) was a British civil servant and financier.	Charles Rivers Wilson	1916
date of death	Carl Aschan (6 May 1906 -- 27 July 2008) was a Swedish-born British intelligence officer and spy during World War II. Aschan later helped to track down some of Adolf Hitler's associates following the defeat of Nazi Germany.	Carl Aschan	27 July 2008
date of death	Lucy Faithfull, Baroness Faithfull, OBE (26 October 1910 -- 13 March 1996) was a British social worker and children's campaigner.	Lucy Faithfull, Baroness Faithfull	13 March 1996
date of death	Robert Burn (22 October 1829 -- 30 April 1904) was an English classical scholar and archaeologist and Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.	Robert Burn	30 April 1904
date of death	Henry DiSpirito (1898--1995) was an Italian-American artist and sculptor.	Henry DiSpirito	1995
date of death	Seán Cunningham, Irish cooperative activist and Republican, 1918--1997.	Seán Cunningham	1997
date of death	Marisa Mell (24 February 1939 -- 16 May 1992) was an Austrian actress who became a cult figure of 1960s Italian B-movies.	Marisa Mell	16 May 1992
date of death	Sir Percival Willoughby (died 23 August 1643) was a prominent land owner, businessman involved during his lifetime variously in mining, iron smelting, glass making and as an investor in the Newfoundland Company.	Percival Willoughby	23 August 1643
date of death	Richard Assmann (Anglicized spelling of the German name Richard Aßmann); (13 April 1845 -- 28 May 1918) was a German meteorologist and physician who was a native of Magdeburg.	Richard Assmann	28 May 1918
date of death	Thomas Thornycroft (19 May 1815 -- 30 August 1885) was an English sculptor and engineer.	Thomas Thornycroft	30 August 1885
date of death	Nicolas Fuss (29 January 1755 -- 4 January 1826), also known as Nikolai Fuss, was a Swiss mathematician, living most of his life in Russia.	Nicolas Fuss	4 January 1826
date of death	Rev. Richard Jukes (1804--1867) was a popular Primitive Methodist minister and hymn writer.	Richard Jukes	1867
date of death	Coley Wallace (April 5, 1927 -- January 30, 2005) was an American actor and heavyweight boxer who outpointed Rocky Marciano in a three-round amateur fight.	Coley Wallace	2005
date of death	Edgar Craven Bredin (16 April 1886 -- 5 August 1950) was an Irish mechanical and locomotive engineer and later a railway manager.	Edgar Craven Bredin	5 August 1950
date of death	Lawrence Bruner (born Catasauqua, Pennsylvania, 2 March 1856; died Berkeley, California, 30 January 1937) was a United States entomologist.	Lawrence Bruner	30 January 1937
date of death	George Stapleton (born Dublin, Ireland, in 1777, died 1841, in Dublin) was a prominent Irish stuccodore, son of Michael Stapleton.	George Stapleton	1841
date of death	Douglas Z. Doty (October 15, 1874 -- 20 February 1935) was an American screenwriter and editor.	Douglas Z. Doty	20 February 1935
date of death	Galindo Aznárez II (died 922) was Count of Aragón (893--922), the son and successor of Aznar Galíndez II. Galindo was one of a coalition that sponsored the 905 coup d'état in Pamplona in favor of his brother-in-law, Sancho I of Pamplona.	Galindo Aznárez II	922
date of death	Hernando de Luque (Unknown -- 1532) was a Spanish priest who travelled to the New World in the 16th century.	Hernando de Luque	1532
date of death	Hertha Sponer (1 September 1895 -- 27 February 1968) was a German physicist and chemist who contributed to modern quantum mechanics and molecular physics and was the first woman on the physics faculty of Duke University.	Hertha Sponer	27 February 1968
date of death	Luciano Vincenzoni (Italian pronunciation: (luˈtʃano vintʃenˈtsoni); 7 March 1926 -- 22 September 2013) was an Italian screenwriter, known as the ``script doctor''.	Luciano Vincenzoni	22 September 2013
date of death	Isaac Snowman (1873 -- 11 February 1947) was an Anglo-Jewish artist who made Jewish cultural themes his subject.	Isaac Snowman	11 February 1947
date of death	Lord Charles Cavendish FRS (17 March 1704 -- 28 April 1783) was a British nobleman, Whig politician and scientist.	Lord Charles Cavendish	28 April 1783
date of death	Alfred Thomas Story (1842--1934) was an English journalist, poet and author of numerous books.	Alfred Thomas Story	1934
date of death	Sir Alexander Ogilvy, 1st Baronet (died 1727) was a Scottish politician and judge, lord of session under the title Lord Forglen,	Sir Alexander Ogilvy, 1st Baronet	1727
date of death	Sir Andrew Rae Duncan, GBE (1884 -- 1952) was a British businessman who was brought into government during the Second World War, serving twice as both President of the Board of Trade and Minister of Supply.	Andrew Rae Duncan	1952
date of death	John Hartley Williams (7 February 1942 -- 3 May 2014) was a British poet who was born in Cheshire and grew up in London.	John Hartley Williams	3 May 2014
date of death	Charles Loomis Dana (1852-1935) was an American physician, professor of nervous and mental disease at Cornell Medical College.	Charles Loomis Dana	1935
date of death	William Frederick Koch (1885--1967) was a U. S. medical doctor and pharmaceutical entrepreneur.	William Frederick Koch	1967
date of death	Justin the Confessor (died 269 in Rome) was a Christian martyr in the Roman Empire.	Justin the Confessor	269
date of death	Brigadier Oliver David Jackson DSO, OBE (24 November 1919 -- 7 May 2004) was a senior officer in the Australian Army, seeing service during the Second World War and the Vietnam War.	Oliver David Jackson	7 May 2004
date of death	Arthur Pember (1835 -- 3 April 1886) was a British sportsman, journalist and author, notable for being the first president of The Football Association, from 1863 to 1867, as a member of N.N. Club or N.N. Kilburn, one of the founder clubs of the FA.	Arthur Pember	3 April 1886
date of death	Adam of Melrose (died 1222) was Abbot of Melrose and Bishop of Caithness, famously burned to death by the husbandmen of Caithness.	Adam of Melrose	1222
date of death	Samuel Lyde (1825--1860) was an English writer and Church of England missionary who worked in Syria in the 1850s and wrote a pioneering book on the Alawite sect.	Samuel Lyde	1860
date of death	Ronald Radd (born 22 January 1929 -- 23 April 1976) was a British television actor.	Ronald Radd	23 April 1976
date of death	Petros Orologas (Greek: Πέτρος Ωρολογάς, 1892--1958) was a Greek journalist and newspaper publisher.	Petros Orologas	1958
date of death	Robert Landale (1833 -- 5 November 1903) was an Australian politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.	Robert Landale	5 November 1903
date of death	Princess Maria Margaretha of Saxony(Maria Margaretha Franziska Xaveria; 13 September 1727 -- 1 February 1734) was a Princess of Poland, Lithuania and Saxony of the House of Wettin.	Maria Margaretha of Saxony	1 February 1734
date of death	James Stevenson, 1st Baron Stevenson, GCMG, (2 April 1873 -- 10 June 1926), known as Sir James Stevenson, Bt, between 1917 and 1924, was a British businessman and civil servant.	James Stevenson, 1st Baron Stevenson	10 June 1926
date of death	Dr. Franz Polgar (April 18, 1900 - June 1979) was a renowned psychologist, hypnotist, lecturer and entertainer.	Franz Polgar	1979
date of death	Louis Charles Salvana (20 January 1897 -- 8 December 1974) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria and Australian rules football with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Charles Salvana	8 December 1974
date of death	Fra' Didier de Saint-Jaille (died 1536) was the 46th Grand Master of the Order of Saint John between 1535 and 1536.	Didier de Saint-Jaille	1536
date of death	Patrick Roger Cleary (1858-1948) (known locally as P.R. Cleary) was the founder and namesake of Cleary University in Howell, Michigan.	Patrick Roger Cleary	1948
date of death	John Row (1568--1646) was a Scottish ecclesiastical historian and one of the Scottish Reformers.	John Row	1646
date of death	Paul Troger (30 October 1698 -- 20 July 1762) was an Austrian painter, draughtsman and printmaker of the late Baroque period.	Paul Troger	20 July 1762
date of death	Edson Décimo Alves Araújo or simply Piauí (2 December 1986 -- 1 November 2014) was a Brazilian footballer, who played as left back.	Edson Décimo Alves Araújo	1 November 2014
date of death	George Henry Law (12 September 1761 -- 22 September 1845) was the Bishop of Chester (1812) and then, from 1824, Bishop of Bath and Wells.	George Henry Law	22 September 1845
date of death	Knut Rød (30 June 1900 -- 19 May 1986) was a Norwegian police officer responsible for the arrest, detention and transfer of Jewish men, women and children to SS troops at Oslo harbor.	Knut Rød	19 May 1986
date of death	Samuel Lewis Shane (14 April 1900 -- 14 October 1993) was a modern American painter whose works span a period from the early 1920s to shortly before his death in 1993.	Samuel Lewis Shane	14 October 1993
date of death	Miles Coope, born at Gildersome, Yorkshire, on 18 November 1916 and died also at Gildersome on 5 July 1974, played first-class cricket for three seasons after the second World War for Somerset.	Miles Coope	5 July 1974
date of death	Adam Hyler (1735--1782), born in Wurttemberg, Germany, was a privateer and whaleboat captain during the American War for Independence.	Adam Hyler	1782
date of death	Finally, Eusebio Lillo died in Santiago on 8 July 1910.	Eusebio Lillo	8 July 1910
date of death	Tomás Monfil (died 2009) was a Chilean forester, and one of the principal persons behind the reforestation program of CONAF in Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region in the 1960s.	Tomás Monfil	2009
date of death	William Hubert Burr C.E. (1851--1934) was an American civil engineer, born at Watertown, Connecticut.	William Hubert Burr	1934
date of death	Joseph Albert Lintner (8 February 1822 in Schoharie, New York -- 5 May 1898 in Rome) was an American entomologist.	Joseph Albert Lintner	5 May 1898
date of death	Lindley Evans CMG (18 November 1895 -- 2 December 1982) was a South African-born Australian composer, pianist and teacher.	Lindley Evans	2 December 1982
date of death	Zora Petrović (born in Dobrica, Banat on May 17, 1894-- died in Belgrade on May 25, 1962) was a famous Serbian painter.	Zora Petrović	1962
date of death	Ji Chuna (Chinese: 紀處訥; died July 24, 710) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Zhongzong and Emperor Zhongzong's son Emperor Shang.	Ji Chuna	710
date of death	Asbjørn Kjønstad (6 February 1943 -- 14 February 2015) was a Norwegian professor of law.	Asbjørn Kjønstad	14 February 2015
date of death	King Xie of Zhou (died 750 BCE) claimed sovereignty during the final stages of the Chinese Western Zhou Dynasty (1046--771 BCE).	King Xie of Zhou	750 BCE
date of death	Atma Jayaram (31 August 1915 - 19 March 1990) was the Director of the Indian Intelligence Bureau between November 1971 to August 1975.	Atma Jayaram	19 March 1990
date of death	Sir John Dauntsey (died 1391), of Dauntsey, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	John Dauntsey	1391
date of death	Edward William Price (1832 -- 14 November 1893) was an Irish-born Australian civil servant, who served as Government Resident of the Northern Territory between 1876 and 1883.	Edward William Price	14 November 1893
date of death	Yulia Aroustamova (23 November 1982 -- 5 July 2007) was a Russian track racing cyclist.	Yulia Aroustamova	5 July 2007
date of death	Karma Tenkyong (1606 -- Neu, Central Tibet, 1642), in full Karma Tenkyong Wangpo (Wylie: Kar ma bstan skyong dbang po), was a king of Tibet who ruled from 1620 to 1642.	Karma Tenkyong	1642
date of death	Johann Dzierzon, or Jan Dzierżon (ˈjan ˈd͡ʑɛrʐɔn) or Dzierżoń (ˈd͡ʑɛrʐɔɲ), also John Dzierzon (16 January 1811 -- 26 October 1906), was a pioneering apiarist who discovered the phenomenon of parthenogenesis in bees and designed the first successful movable-frame beehive.	Johann Dzierzon	26 October 1906
date of death	Wei Guoqing (simplified Chinese: 韦国清; traditional Chinese: 韋國清; pinyin: Wéi Guóqīng; Zhuang: Veiz Gozcing) (2 September 1913 -- 14 June 1989) was a Chinese government official, military officer and political commissar.	Wei Guoqing	14 June 1989
date of death	Christen Mølbach (8 November 1766 -- 7 July 1834) was a Norwegian merchant who represented Stavanger amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.	Christen Mølbach	7 July 1834
date of death	Farrukh Beg (ca. 1545 -- ca. 1615) was a Persian born Mughal painter who served in the court of Mirza Muhammad Hakim before working directly for Mughal Emperor Akbar.	Farrukh Beg	1615
date of death	Ignatius Bonomi (1787--1870) was an English architect and surveyor, with Italian origins by his father, strongly associated with Durham in north-east England.	Ignatius Bonomi	1870
date of death	Isabella Coymans (1626 -- 1689), was the Dutch wife of Stephanus Geraerdts best known for her portrait painted by Frans Hals.	Isabella Coymans	1689
date of death	John Kewish, Jr. (died 1 August 1872) was the last person executed by the Isle of Man.	John Kewish	1 August 1872
date of death	William Goldwin (born c.1682; died at Bristol 1747) was an English schoolteacher and vicar who left his mark on cricket by creating the sport's earliest known work of literature.	William Goldwin	1747
date of death	Arthur Thistlewood (1774--1 May 1820) was a British radical activist and conspirator in the Cato Street Conspiracy.	Arthur Thistlewood	1 May 1820
date of death	James B. Simpson (1927-2002) was a journalist, author and Episcopal priest, best known for writing several volumes of Simpson's Contemporary Quotations, a set of books of quotations.	James B. Simpson	2002
date of death	Royal Cortissoz (10 February 1869 -- 17 October 1948, last name pronounced ``Kor-tee-zus'') was an American art historian and long-time art critic for the New York Herald Tribune from 1891 until his death.	Royal Cortissoz	17 October 1948
date of death	Margery Clinton (1931 -- 2005) was a specialist in reduction lustre glazes.	Margery Clinton	2005
date of death	Ion Petre Stoican (born 1930, Olteniţa, Călăraşi - d. 1994, Constanţa) was a Romani-Romanian violinist, a lăutar (performer of traditional music, especially for weddings).	Ion Petre Stoican	1994
date of death	Nguyển Cát Ngạc, pen name Nam Xương (1905-1958) was a popular Vietnamese playwright in the 1930s.	Nam Xương	1958
date of death	Anthony J. DePace (1892--1977) was an American architect who designed numerous Roman Catholic churches throughout the Northeastern United States area during the mid to late 20th century.	Anthony J. DePace	1977
date of death	Jørgen Lykke (1515 at Havnø -- 26 December 1583) was a Danish nobleman, diplomat and politician.	Jørgen Lykke	26 December 1583
date of death	Margaret Coke, Countess of Leicester (16 June 1700 -- 28 February 1775) was a British peer.	Margaret Coke, Countess of Leicester	28 February 1775
date of death	Fredrik Thoresen (7 May 1926 -- 23 December 2012) is a Norwegian businessperson.	Fredrik Thoresen	23 December 2012
date of death	Beryl Measor, (22 April 1908 -- 8 February 1965) was an English actress.	Beryl Measor	8 February 1965
date of death	Francisco de Silva, 10th Duke of Huéscar (in full, Spanish: Don Francisco de Paula de Silva Mendoza y Álvarez de Toledo, décimo duque de Huéscar), (1733--1770), was a Spanish nobleman.	Francisco de Silva, 10th Duke of Huéscar	1770
date of death	Spokane Garry (sometimes spelled Spokan Garry) (c. 1811 -- 1892) was a Native American leader of the Middle Spokane tribe.	Spokane Garry	1892
date of death	George Markstein (29 August 1926 -- 15 January 1987) was a British journalist and subsequent writer of thrillers and teleplays.	George Markstein	15 January 1987
date of death	François-Joseph-Philippe de Riquet (21 September 1771 - 2 March 1843), comte de Caraman was the 16th Prince de Chimay from 24 July 1804 to 1843.	François-Joseph-Philippe de Riquet	2 March 1843
date of death	Barbara Kolanka or Barbara Kołówna h. Junosza (end of the 15th century--1550) was a Polish noble lady.	Barbara Kolanka	1550
date of death	Willem van Ruytenburch (baptized 13 August 1600 - 1657) of Amsterdam was a lieutenant to Captain Frans Banning Cocq in the mid-17th century.	Willem van Ruytenburch	1657
date of death	Jack Bloomfield (20 November 1899 -- 1961) was an English light heavyweight professional boxer, whose birth name was Sol Blumenfeld, and who was also known as ``Basking'' Jack Bloomfield during his career.	Jack Bloomfield	1961
date of death	Roland Ansieau (1901--1987) was an early 20th-century French art deco graphic artist, best known for his 1935 ``Berger 45'' wine advertisement which is widely reproduced as poster prints.	Roland Ansieau	1987
date of death	Germanos Mouakkad (born April 1853 in Damascus, Syria - died on 11 February 1912 in Beirut) was a Melkite priest and bishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Baalbek.	Germanos Mouakkad	11 February 1912
date of death	Nina Genke or Nina Genke-Meller, or Nina Henke-Meller, (Russian: Нина Генке-Меллер, Нина Генке, 1893--1954) was a Ukrainian-Russian avant-garde artist, (Suprematist, Futurist), designer, graphic artist and scenographer.	Nina Genke-Meller	1954
date of death	David Jagger, RP, ROI (1891, Kilnhurst, near Rotherham, Yorkshire -- 1958) was an English portrait painter.	David Jagger	1958
date of death	Miroslav Filipović (5 June 1915 -- 1946), also known as Tomislav Filipović and Tomislav Filipović-Majstorović, was a Croatian Nazi collaborator, Franciscan friar and military chaplain, and convicted war criminal.	Miroslav Filipović	1946
date of death	Dougald Currie (August 22, ca. 1844 -- November 5, 1918) was a farmer and political figure on Prince Edward Island, and was educated there.	Dougald Currie	1918
date of death	Akin Ogungbe (1934--November 2012) was a Nigerian film actor, filmmaker, producer and director.	Akin Ogungbe	November 2012
date of death	George Stanhope (5 March 1660 -- 18 March 1728) was a clergyman of the Church of England, rising to be Dean of Canterbury and a Royal Chaplain.	George Stanhope	18 March 1728
date of death	Hon. Charles Leslie Courtenay (d. 29 October 1894) was a Canon of Windsor from 1859-1894.	Charles Leslie Courtenay	29 October 1894
date of death	Brigadier General Stanley Price Weir, DSO, VD, JP (23 April 1866 -- 14 November 1944) was a public servant and Australian Army officer.	Stanley Price Weir	14 November 1944
date of death	Helene Kottanner (née Wolfram; Hungarian: Kottaner Ilona; c. 1400 -- after 1470) was a late-medieval woman born in Sopron, Hungary.	Helene Kottanner	1470
date of death	Jacques Gerschwiler (10 September 1898 -- 4 May 2000) was a noted Swiss figure skater and coach.	Jacques Gerschwiler	4 May 2000
date of death	Samuel Scott Johnston Huey, usually known as Scott Huey (21 December 1923 -- 8 March 2012) was an Irish cricketer.	Scott Huey	8 March 2012
date of death	Jean-François Buisson de Saint-Cosme (1667--1706) was a Canadian missionary, born in Quebec, ordained in 1690, and murdered while on a missionary trip.	Jean-François Buisson de Saint-Cosme	1706
date of death	Thomas John Burdett (29 October 1915 -- 2001), known as Tom or Tommy Burdett, was an English footballer who scored 12 goals from 30 appearances in the Football League playing for Hull City and Lincoln City.	Tommy Burdett	2001
date of death	William Feilding, 1st Earl of Denbigh (c. 1587 -- 8 April 1643, Cannock) was an English naval officer and courtier.	William Feilding, 1st Earl of Denbigh	8 April 1643
date of death	Regina Fryxell, born Regina Holmén (November 24, 1899 -- September 19, 1993) was an American educator and musician.	Regina Fryxell	1993
date of death	María Julieta Kirkwood Bañados (5 April 1936 -- 8 April 1985) was a Chilean sociologist , political scientist, university professor and feminist activist.	Julieta Kirkwood	8 April 1985
date of death	Johnny Hancocks (30 April 1919 -- 19 February 1994) was an English footballer, most associated with Wolverhampton Wanderers.	Johnny Hancocks	19 February 1994
date of death	Yvette Espinosa (1911-1992) Born in England - daughter of Eve Louise Kelland and Edouard Espinosa, founder of the British Ballet Organization.	Yvette Espinosa	1992
date of death	Augustin Maior (22 August 1882 - 3 October 1963) was a Romanian physicist, educator and inventor.	Augustin Maior	1963
date of death	J. William Schickel, FAIA, (1850--1907) known professionally as William Schickel, was a German-American architect and founder of the New York architectural firm of Schickel & Ditmars.	J. William Schickel	1907
date of death	Andrew Duncan, the younger (1773--1832) was a Scottish physician and professor at Edinburgh University.	Andrew Duncan, the younger	1832
date of death	John Raphael Rodrigues Brandon (5 April 1817 in London -- 8 October 1877 at his chambers at 17 Clement's Inn, Strand, London) was a British architect and architectural writer.	John Raphael Rodrigues Brandon	8 October 1877
date of death	Karl Chircop (7 August 1965 -- 12 October 2008) was a doctor and practiced as a family doctor and a Maltese politician.	Karl Chircop	12 October 2008
date of death	Les Kaine (8 August 1936 -- 18 August 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Les Kaine	18 August 2012
date of death	Charles Lilburn Lewis (1747 -- 1831 or 1837), sometimes referred to as Charles Lilburn Lewis of Monteagle, was one of the founders of Milton, Virginia, as well as one of the signers of Albemarle County, Virginia's Declaration of Independence in 1779.	Charles Lilburn Lewis	1831
date of death	Walter Spratt (14 April 1889 -- 22 January 1945) was an English professional footballer who played as a full-back in The Football League for Manchester United and Brentford.	Walter Spratt	22 January 1945
date of death	Ibn-e-Insha (Punjabi, Urdu: ابن انشاء‎) born Sher Muhammad Khan (Punjabi, Urdu: شیر محمد خان‎) on 15 June 1927 died 11 January 1978, was a Pakistani Leftist Urdu poet, humorist, travelogue writer and columnist.	Ibn-e-Insha	11 January 1978
date of death	William John Wolfgram was a United States Army Lieutenant during World War II. He served in the army from 1942 until his death in combat in 1945.	William John Wolfgram	1945
date of death	Dmitri Ivanovich Yermakov (Russian: Дмитрий Иванович Ермаков) (1846 -- November 10, 1916) was a Russian photographer known for his series of the Caucasian photographs.	Dmitri Ivanovich Yermakov	1916
date of death	Gilly Coman (13 September 1955 -- 13 July 2010) was an English actress, who played Aveline in the first four series of Carla Lane's sitcom Bread.	Gilly Coman	13 July 2010
date of death	William the Walloon (date of birth unknown; d. (probably) 22 December 1089) was a Benedictine abbot.	William the Walloon	1089
date of death	Germain Seligman (25 February 1893, Paris -- 27 March 1978, New York) was a successful art dealer, collector, and art historian.	Germain Seligman	27 March 1978
date of death	John Rogers Thomas (26 March 1829/30--5 April 1896) was an American composer, pianist, and singer of Welsh descent.	John Rogers Thomas	5 April 1896
date of death	He continued writing until his death on 13 April 1963 Babu Gulabrai was married to Bhagwati Devi of Meerut.	Babu Gulabrai	13 April 1963
date of death	Edward Mulhare (8 April 1923 -- 24 May 1997) was an Irish actor whose career spanned five decades.	Edward Mulhare	24 May 1997
date of death	Charles-Louis Richard (April 1711 -- 16 August 1794) was a Catholic theologian and publicist.	Charles-Louis Richard	16 August 1794
date of death	``Dapper'' Danny Hogan (ca. 1880 - December 4, 1928) was a charismatic underworld figure and boss of Saint Paul, Minnesota's Irish Mob during Prohibition.	Danny Hogan	1928
date of death	Rosemarie Frankland (1 February 1943 - 2 December 2000) was a Welsh actress, model and beauty queen who won the 1961 Miss United Kingdom and Miss World.	Rosemarie Frankland	2 December 2000
date of death	Stanisław Sielański (8 August 1899 -- 28 April 1955) was a Polish film and cabaret actor.	Stanisław Sielański	28 April 1955
date of death	José Aristodemo Pinotti (São Paulo City, December 20, 1934 -- July 1, 2009) was a Brazilian physician, gynecological surgeon, university professor, scientific and educational leader and politician.	José Aristodemo Pinotti	2009
date of death	William Christmas (died 22 March 1867) was an Irish Conservative Party politician from Waterford.	William Christmas	1867
date of death	Rainier II, Lord of Monaco (1350--1407), was the monarch of Monaco from June 29, 1352 to August 15, 1357.	Rainier II, Lord of Monaco	1407
date of death	Mile Cărpenișan died the 22 March 2010, due to a boil after being in coma because of a septic shock.	Mile Cărpenișan	22 March 2010
date of death	Nicolasa Pradera (1870-1959) was a Spanish chef, restaurateur, and is most known for her cookbook ``La cocina de Nicolasa'' (the Kitchen of Nicolasa), which is one of the staples of Basque cooking.	Nicolasa Pradera	1959
date of death	John Edward Walsh PC, QC (12 November 1816 -- 20 October 1869) was an Irish lawyer and Conservative politician.	John Edward Walsh	20 October 1869
date of death	Mary Riggans (19 July 1935 -- 2 December 2013) was a Scottish actress, best known for playing Effie in Take the High Road and Susie Sweet in Balamory.	Mary Riggans	2 December 2013
date of death	George Barger FRS FRSE FCS LLD (4 April 1878 -- 5 January 1939) was a British chemist.	George Barger	5 January 1939
date of death	Bernard Mandeville, or Bernard de Mandeville (15 November 1670 -- 21 January 1733), was an Anglo-Dutch philosopher, political economist and satirist.	Bernard Mandeville	21 January 1733
date of death	Eric William Gillett (1899 -- 18 October 1987) was an Australian lawyer and university officer.	Eric William Gillett	1987
date of death	Lin Juemin (traditional Chinese: 林覺民; simplified Chinese: 林觉民; pinyin: Lín Juémín; Wade--Giles: Lin Chüeh-min; 1887--1911) was an early Qing dynasty revolutionary.	Lin Juemin	1911
date of death	Lotoala Metia (died 21 December 2012) was a Tuvaluan politician and football player.	Lotoala Metia	21 December 2012
date of death	John D. Chandris (1890 -- 1942) was a Greek shipowner.	John D. Chandris	1942
date of death	David Duguid (1832--1907) was a Scottish spiritualist medium and Glasgow cabinet-maker by trade.	David Duguid	1907
date of death	Joseph Durst (January 15, 1882 - January 1974) was an American real estate developer, founder of the Durst Organization, and patriarch of the Durst family.	Joseph Durst	January 1974
date of death	Oscar Rosander (25 July 1901 - 7 May 1971) was a Swedish film editor with more than 100 feature film credits.	Oscar Rosander	7 May 1971
date of death	Major General Friedrich Wilhelm von Goedecke (1771--1857) was a German (Nassau) soldier and politician in Dutch-Luxembourg service.	Friedrich Wilhelm von Goedecke	1857
date of death	George Philip Farran (1876,Dublin-1949, Dublin) was an Irish zoologist.	George Philip Farran	1949
date of death	Yitzhak Nissim (1896 -- 9 August 1981) (Hebrew: יצחק נסים‎) was a Sephardic chief rabbi of Israel.	Yitzhak Nissim	9 August 1981
date of death	Bárbaro Rivas (4 December 1893 -- 12 March 1967), was a Venezuelan naive painter born in Petare.	Bárbaro Rivas	12 March 1967
date of death	Henry Keyworth Raine ( 1872-1932), the great nephew of William Powell Frith, was an English school portrait oil painter.	Henry Keyworth Raine	1932
date of death	Moira Dryer (1957--1992) was an artist known for her abstract paintings on wood panel.	Moira Dryer	1992
date of death	Albert G. Lawrence (1836 - 1887) was an American Ambassador to Costa Rica.	Albert G. Lawrence	1887
date of death	Abatai (Manchu: ; 27 July 1589 - 10 May 1646) was a Manchu prince and military general of the early Qing dynasty.	Abatai	10 May 1646
date of death	Julia Bracken Wendt, (1870--1942) a notable American sculptor, was born in Apple River, Illinois, the twelfth of thirteen children in an Irish Catholic family.	Julia Bracken Wendt	1942
date of death	Andrés Rodríguez de Villegas (1580-1633) was a Spanish military who served as governor and captain-general of the Province of isla Margarita, Venezuela (1619 - 1626) and governor of Florida (1630-1633).	Andrés Rodríguez de Villegas	1633
date of death	Jock McKenzie (31 October 1911 -- 16 June 1989) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Fitzroy in the VFL during the 1930s.	Jock McKenzie	16 June 1989
date of death	Anatole Kitain (Russian: Анатолий Китаин; 17 September 1903 -- 30 July 1980) was a Russian classical pianist.	Anatole Kitain	30 July 1980
date of death	Sir Cecil Bishopp, 6th Baronet(30 October 1700 - 15 June 1778), later Bisshopp, was a British politician.	Sir Cecil Bishopp, 6th Baronet	15 June 1778
date of death	Daniel Roseingrave (c.1655 -- May 1727) was an English-born organist and composer mainly active in Dublin, Ireland.	Daniel Roseingrave	May 1727
date of death	Thomas W. Bicknell (September 6, 1834 -- 1925), American educator, historian, and author, lived to be 91.	Thomas W. Bicknell	1925
date of death	Christopher Monck, 2nd Duke of Albemarle, KG, PC (14 August 1653 -- 6 October 1688) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1667 to 1670 when he inherited the Dukedom and sat in the House of Lords.	Christopher Monck, 2nd Duke of Albemarle	6 October 1688
date of death	Richard Roderick (baptized 1710, died 20 July 1756) was a British editor and poet.	Richard Roderick	20 July 1756
date of death	Cromie McCandless (17 January 1921 -- 18 January 1992) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Cromie McCandless	18 January 1992
date of death	Christopher Angelus (died 1638), was a native of the Peloponnesus, who was persecuted by the Ottoman governor of Athens.	Christopher Angelus	1638
date of death	Sylvanus Morgan (1620 -- 27 March 1693) was an English arms-painter and author.	Sylvanus Morgan	27 March 1693
date of death	George Steers (August 15, 1819 -- September 25, 1856) was a designer of yachts best known for the famous racing yacht America.	George Steers	1856
date of death	Nehemiah Donnellan (a.k.a. Fearganainm Ó Domhnalláin) (fl. c. 1560-1609) was Archbishop of Tuam.	Nehemiah Donnellan	1609
date of death	Richard Fishacre (or Fitzacre) (c. 1200 -- 1248) was an English Dominican theologian, the first to hold the Dominican chair at the University of Oxford.	Richard Fishacre	1248
date of death	Simon Byrne (1806 -- 2 June 1833), nicknamed ``The Emerald Gem'', was an Irish bare-knuckle prize fighter.	Simon Byrne	2 June 1833
date of death	Bājūrī Ibrāhīm ibn-Muhammad (1783/1784 - 1860) was an Egyptian theologian and lecturer (19th century) at the theologic academy of al-Azhar in Cairo.	Bājūrī Ibrāhīm	1860
date of death	Jacques (Jack) Cattell (2 June 1904 in Garrison, New York -- 19 December 1961 in Scottsdale, Arizona) was an American publisher and founder of a company bearing his name, ``Jacques Cattell Press, Inc.,'' based in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.	Jacques Cattell	19 December 1961
date of death	Theodoor Wilkens or Theodorus Wilkens (alias Goedewil) (1690, Amsterdam -- 1748, Amsterdam), was an 18th-century painter and draughtsman from the Dutch Republic who specialised in landscapes.	Theodoor Wilkens	1748
date of death	Christopher Preston, 2nd Baron Gormanston (c. 1354 -- 1422) was an Anglo-Irish peer and statesman.	Christopher Preston, 2nd Baron Gormanston	1422
date of death	Don Haig (22 July 1933 -- 2 March 2002) was a Canadian filmmaker, editor, and producer.	Don Haig	2 March 2002
date of death	Lehmann Bernheimer (27 December 1841 - 29 May 1918) was a German antique dealer, who built the Bernheimer-Haus in Munich.	Lehmann Bernheimer	29 May 1918
date of death	Julius Pomponius Laetus (1428 -- June 9, 1498), also known as Giulio Pomponio Leto, was an Italian humanist.	Julius Pomponius Laetus	1498
date of death	Steven Forde (29 August 1914 in South Kirkby, Yorkshire -- 1992) was an English footballer who played as a full-back.	Steven Forde	1992
date of death	Justice Konda Madhava Reddy died on 25 September 1997, after suffering from non-Hodgkin lymphoma.	Konda Madhava Reddy	25 September 1997
date of death	Sir Edmund Charles Wyldbore Smith (15 January 1877 - 18 October 1938) was a British civil servant, diplomat, and businessman.	Edmund Charles Wyldbore Smith	18 October 1938
date of death	Alexander Penhellick (c1632 - c 1661) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.	Alexander Penhellick	1661
date of death	Henry Norwest MM & Bar (1 May, 1884 -- 18 August, 1918) was a distinguished Canadian sniper in World War I.	Henry Norwest	18 August, 1918
date of death	Joseph-Vincent Quiblier (26 June 1796 -- 12 September 1852) was a Roman Catholic priest involved in Sulpician educational endeavors in Canada.	Joseph-Vincent Quiblier	12 September 1852
date of death	Hussein Kamal (Arabic: حسين كمال‎) (17 August 1932 -- 24 March 2003) was an Egyptian television, film and theatre director.	Hussein Kamal	24 March 2003
date of death	John Belasyse, 1st Baron Belasyse (or Bellasis) PC (24 June 1614 -- 10 September 1689) was an English nobleman, soldier and Member of Parliament, notable for his role during and after the English Civil War.	John Belasyse, 1st Baron Belasyse	10 September 1689
date of death	Ladislas Segoe (1894--1983) was a pioneer in urban planning.	Ladislas Segoe	1983
date of death	Leopold Heinrich Fischer (19 December 1817, Fribourg-en-Brisgau -- 2 February 1886, Fribourg-en-Brisgau) was a German zoologist and mineralogist .	Leopold Heinrich Fischer	2 February 1886
date of death	Áilgenán mac Donngaile (died 853) was a King of Munster from the Eóganacht Chaisil branch of the Eoganachta, the ruling dynasty of Munster.	Áilgenán mac Donngaile	853
date of death	Thomas Rudd (1583?--1656) was an English military engineer and mathematician.	Thomas Rudd	1656
date of death	Charlotte of Albret, suo jure Dame de Châlus, Duchess of Valentinois (1480 -- 11 March 1514), also known as Charlotte d'Albret, was a wealthy French noblewoman of the Albret family.	Charlotte of Albret	11 March 1514
date of death	Carl Gustav Alexander Brischke (December 17, 1814 -- 1897) was a German entomologist who worked on Diptera and Hymenoptera, mainly the Ichneumonidae and Braconidae.	Carl Gustav Alexander Brischke	1897
date of death	Diana, Lady Mosley (17 June 1910 -- 11 August 2003), born Diana Freeman-Mitford and usually known as Diana Mitford, was one of Britain's noted Mitford sisters.	Diana Mitford	11 August 2003
date of death	Rhoda Erdmann (5 December 1870 -- 23 August 1935) was a German cell biologist.	Rhoda Erdmann	23 August 1935
date of death	Sir Harry Evan Auguste Cotton CIE (better known as H. E. A. Cotton, or Evan Cotton) (24 May 1868 -- 7 March 1939) was a Liberal politician, barrister, administrator, journalist, historian and writer.	Evan Cotton	7 March 1939
date of death	Heinrich Beheim (died 1403) was a German stone mason and architect in Nuremberg.	Heinrich Beheim	1403
date of death	Beatrice Bolam, MBE (born 1919 -- died 2 January 2013) was an English politician and councillor for Jarrow, South Tyneside.	Beatrice Bolam	2 January 2013
date of death	Richard Newcome (Newcombe) (1701-1769) was an English bishop of Llandaff and bishop of St Asaph.	Richard Newcome	1769
date of death	Nicolai Andresen (24 September 1781 -- 18 November 1861) was a Norwegian merchant, banker and member of Stortinget.	Nicolai Andresen	18 November 1861
date of death	Thomas Longman (1699 -- 18 June 1755) was an English publisher who founded the publishing house of Longman.	Thomas Longman	18 June 1755
date of death	Francesco Solari (c. 1415 -- 1469) was an Italian sculptor, architect and engineer.	Francesco Solari	1469
date of death	William Patton (23 August 1798 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - 9 September 1879 in New Haven, Connecticut), was a New York City pastor, abolitionist, and the son of patriot Robert Patton.	William Patton	9 September 1879
date of death	Tuanku Imam Bonjol (1772 -- 6 November 1864), also known as Muhammad Syahab, Peto Syarif, and Malim Basa, was one of the most popular leaders of the Padri movement in Central Sumatra.	Tuanku Imam Bonjol	6 November 1864
date of death	Robert Ker, 2nd Duke of Roxburghe (c. 1709 -- 20 August 1755) was a Scottish peer.	Robert Ker, 2nd Duke of Roxburghe	20 August 1755
date of death	Biljana Coković (Cokovik) (Macedonian: Билјана Цоковиќ) (born 30 July 1982 in Skopje - died 5 September 2007 in Bartow, Florida) was a Macedonian swimmer.	Biljana Coković	5 September 2007
date of death	Edward Bligh (19 September 1769 -- 2 November 1840), styled The Honourable from birth, was an Irish politician, a noted amateur cricketer and a prominent early member of Marylebone Cricket Club.	Edward Bligh	2 November 1840
date of death	Colonel Thomas Walter Harding (1843--1927) was an industrialist and civic figure in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Thomas Walter Harding	1927
date of death	Estvan Svend Aage Wehlast (15 April 1916 -- 9 February 1945) was a member of the Danish resistance killed by Gestapo while resisting arrest.	Estvan Svend Aage Wehlast	9 February 1945
date of death	Saneeya Hussain (13 August 1954 -- 20 April 2005) was a Pakistani journalist and environmentalist.	Saneeya Hussain	20 April 2005
date of death	Eliza Jane Scovill (December 3, 2001 -- May 16, 2005) was the daughter of AIDS denialist Christine Maggiore, an HIV-positive activist who publicly questioned the link between HIV and AIDS, and supported HIV-positive pregnant women who want to avoid taking anti-HIV medication.	Eliza Jane Scovill	2005
date of death	Thomas Coglan Horsfall (1841-1932) was a noted philanthropist, town planner, writer and founder of the Manchester Art Museum in Ancoats Hall.	Thomas Coglan Horsfall	1932
date of death	Octavius Winslow (1 August 1808 -- 5 March 1878), also known as ``The Pilgrim's Companion'', stood out as one of the foremost evangelical preachers of the 19th Century in England and America.	Octavius Winslow	5 March 1878
date of death	Wang E (simplified Chinese: 王谔; traditional Chinese: 王諤; pinyin: Wáng È; Wade--Giles: Wang E; 1465? - 1545), was an imperial landscape painter during the Ming Dynasty.	Wang E	1545
date of death	Friedrich Myconius (originally named Friedrich Mekum and also Friedrich Mykonius) (26 December 1490 -- 7 April 1546) was a German Lutheran theologian.	Friedrich Myconius	7 April 1546
date of death	Francis Kenna (21 September 1865 -- 23 June 1932), was an Australian poet, journalist, and Labor Member of the Legislative Assembly in Queensland.	Francis Kenna	23 June 1932
date of death	Derek Pugh (8 February 1926 -- 2 May 2008) was a British track and field athlete who competed in sprinting events.	Derek Pugh	2 May 2008
date of death	Orlando Nappe (Buenos Aires, c. 1931--2007) was an Argentine footballer.	Orlando Nappe	2007
date of death	Francisco de Meneses Brito (died 1672) was Royal Governor of Chile between 1664 and 1667.	Francisco de Meneses Brito	1672
date of death	Ronald Clyne (December 28, 1925 -- 2006) was an American freelance designer and graphic artist best known for creating over 500 covers for Folkways Records during the more than three-decade lifetime of his independent company from 1948--1986.	Ronald Clyne	2006
date of death	Maria Verelst (1680--1744) was an 18th-century English painter.	Maria Verelst	1744
date of death	Gregory Akindynos (Latinized as Gregorius Acindynus) (Greek: Γρηγόριος Ἀκίνδυνος) (ca. 1300 -- 1348) was a Byzantine Greek theologian.	Gregory Akindynos	1348
date of death	Heinz Kohnen (5 February 1938 -- 25 July 1997) was a German scientist and geophysicist known for his work in polar research.	Heinz Kohnen	25 July 1997
date of death	Johannes Megapolensis (1603--1670) was a dominie (pastor) of the Dutch Reformed Church in the Dutch colony of New Netherland (present-day New York state in the United States), beginning in 1642.	Johannes Megapolensis	1670
date of death	Maurus von Schenkl (b. at Auerbach in Bavaria, 4 January 1749; d. at Amberg, 14 June 1816) was a German Benedictine theologian and canonist.	Maurus von Schenkl	14 June 1816
date of death	Sir John Davie, 2nd Baronet (1612-1678) of Creedy in the parish of Sandford, Devon, was Member of Parliament for Tavistock, Devon, in 1661 and was Sheriff of Devon from 1670 to 1671.	Sir John Davie, 2nd Baronet	1678
date of death	Rear Admiral Frederick Warden CB (18 November 1807 -- 11 November 1869) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Channel Squadron.	Frederick Warden	11 November 1869
date of death	Wonseong of Silla (r. 785-798, died 798) was the 38th to rule the Korean kingdom of Silla.	Wonseong of Silla	798
date of death	Khalil Tahmasebi (died 1955) was a carpenter and member of the fanatical Islamic organization, Fadayan-e Islam who assassinated Iranian Prime Minister Ali Razmara on 7 March 1951.	Khalil Tahmasebi	1955
date of death	Ado Birk (also known as Aadu Birk, Aado Birk or Avdei Birk; 14 November (O.S. 2 November) 1883 -- 2 February 1942), was an Estonian politician who was the Estonian Prime Minister for three days, from 28 July 1920 to 30 July 1920.	Ado Birk	2 February 1942
date of death	Niki Marangou (1948 - 7 February 2013) was an award winning Cypriot author and artist.	Niki Marangou	7 February 2013
date of death	Zihni Gjinali (5 May 1926 - 19 July 2005) was a famous Albanian footballer who played his professional career for Besa, Dinamo Tirana and Partizani Tirana football clubs.	Zihni Gjinali	19 July 2005
date of death	Armas Leinonen (28 December 1900, Oulu -- 29 May 1985) was a Finnish schoolteacher and politician.	Armas Leinonen	29 May 1985
date of death	Christian Magnus Falsen (14 September 1782 -- 13 January 1830) was a Norwegian constitutional father, statesman, jurist, and historian.	Christian Magnus Falsen	13 January 1830
date of death	Thomas Christie, Jr. (1855 - 2 February 1934) was a pharmacist and federal politician in Quebec.	Thomas Christie, Jr.	2 February 1934
date of death	Gaetano Cecere, (November 26, 1894 -- 1985) American sculptor, born, educated and worked in New York City.	Gaetano Cecere	1985
date of death	Nasir Subhani (Kurdish: ناسر سوبحانی, Persian: ناصر سبحانی‎) (14 October 1951 - 17 April 1990 or 19 March 1990) was a Kurdish scholar from Iranian Kurdistan.	Nasir Subhani	19 March 1990
date of death	Anthony O'Grady Lefroy CMG (14 March 1816 -- 21 January 1897), often known as O'Grady Lefroy, was an important government official in Western Australia before the advent of responsible government.	Anthony O'Grady Lefroy	21 January 1897
date of death	Glória de Sant'Anna (26 May 1925 -- 2 June 2009) was a Portuguese-born poet and educator who lived in Portuguese Mozambique from 1951 to 1974.	Glória de Sant'Anna	2 June 2009
date of death	Paul Fung (1897--1944) was an American cartoonist best known for the comic strip Dumb Dora.	Paul Fung	1944
date of death	John Laskey Woolcock (7 November 1861 -- 18 January 1929) was a barrister and Supreme Court judge in Queensland, Australia.	John Laskey Woolcock	1929
date of death	Børge Mogensen (13 April 1914 -- 5 October 1972), was a Danish furniture designer.	Børge Mogensen	5 October 1972
date of death	Caroline Bauer (29 March 1807 -- 18 October 1877) was a German actress of the Biedermeier era who used the name Lina Bauer.	Caroline Bauer	18 October 1877
date of death	Pros Mund (died 1644) was a Danish admiral.	Pros Mund	1644
date of death	Santi Buglioni, byname of Santi di Michele (1494 - 27 November 1576) was an Italian sculptor, the nephew and collaborator of Benedetto Buglioni.	Santi Buglioni	1576
date of death	Brigadier Neil Mackenzie Freeman DSO (21 April 1890 -- 1961) was a senior officer of the Australian Army.	Neil Mackenzie Freeman	1961
date of death	Johann Gottlieb Graun (27 October 1703 -- 28 October 1771) was a German Baroque/Classical era composer and violinist, born in Wahrenbrück.	Johann Gottlieb Graun	28 October 1771
date of death	John Collingwood Bruce died on 5 April 1892; his wife Charlotte died in 1893, and their daughter Frances died aged 18 months on 17 December 1839, They are buried in the family grave in Jesmond Old Cemetery.	John Collingwood Bruce	5 April 1892
date of death	Dr. Virginia Kneeland Frantz (1896 - 1967) was a pathologist and educator credited with a series of discoveries in the study of thyroid, breast and pancreatic tumors.	Virginia Kneeland Frantz	1967
date of death	Admire Rakti (20 February 2008 -- 4 November 2014) was a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Diamond Stakes in Japan and the Caulfield Cup in Australia.	Admire Rakti	4 November 2014
date of death	George J. Walker (16 January 1934 -- 11 April 2005) served as an officer in the U.S. Army, including a stint in 1985 as Deputy Commanding General of the United States Army Intelligence and Security Command(INSCOM).	George J. Walker	11 April 2005
date of death	Alfred Lindon (born Abner Lindenbaum; c. 1867 -- 1948) was a Polish jeweller from a poor Jewish background who became an expert on pearls.	Alfred Lindon	1948
date of death	Werner Kutzsche (born 14 May 1911 in Niederlößnitz near Radebeul, died 1 February 2000 in Dresden) was a German engineer, who was known for his work in the fields of radio-frequency engineering and electroacoustics.	Werner Kutzsche	1 February 2000
date of death	Yang Xuangan (楊玄感 Yáng Xuángǎn) (died 613) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty.	Yang Xuangan	613
date of death	Thomas Dix Hincks (1767 in Dublin, Ireland -- 1857 in Belfast, Ireland) was an Irish orientalist and naturalist.	Thomas Dix Hincks	1857
date of death	Juan de Albi was a Spanish Carthusian of the Convent Val-Christ, near Segovia, date of birth uncertain; died 27 December 1591.	Juan de Albi	1591
date of death	Yossef Harmelin (1922 -- December 12, 1994) was an Israeli civil servant, serving as the director of the Shabak from 1964 to 1974 and again from 1986-1988 and as ambassador in Iran and South Africa.	Yossef Harmelin	1994
date of death	Prof Haroon Khan Sherwani (1891--1980) was a renowned Indian historian, scholar, and author.	Haroon Khan Sherwani	1980
date of death	Ivan Jandl (24 January 1937 -- 21 November 1987) was a Czech child actor.	Ivan Jandl	21 November 1987
date of death	Amara Sinha (or Amara Simha) (c. CE 375) was a Sanskrit grammarian and poet, of whose personal history hardly anything is known.	Amara Sinha	375
date of death	Archibald Wickstead (6 November 1884 -- 1 February 1966) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1911 and 1912.	Archibald Wickstead	1966
date of death	Charles Pearson (4 October 1793 -- 14 September 1862) was Solicitor to the City of London, a reforming campaigner, and -- briefly --	Charles Pearson	14 September 1862
date of death	Bashir Ahmed Qureshi (Sindhi: بشير احمد قريشي‎), (10 August, 1959 -- 7 April 2012); was a Sindhi nationalist who served as the leader of Jeay Sindh Qaumi Mahaz (JSQM), a Sindhi nationalist movement in Sindh, founded by G. M. Syed.	Bashir Ahmed Qureshi	7 April 2012
date of death	Clement Meadmore (9 February 1929 -- 19 April 2005) was an Australian-American sculptor known for massive outdoor steel sculptures.	Clement Meadmore	19 April 2005
date of death	Yosef Kushnir (Hebrew: יוסף קושניר‎, born 15 November 1900, died 6 January 1983) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam from 1960 until 1961, and again from 1962 until 1965.	Yosef Kushnir	6 January 1983
date of death	Santaji Mhaloji Ghorpade,(1660-1696) popularly known as ``Santaji'' or ``Santaji Ghorpade'', was one of the greatest warriors and the chief General of the Maratha Empire during Chhatrapati Rajaram's regime.	Santaji Ghorpade	1696
date of death	Sol Schoenbach (1915--1999) was an American bassoonist and teacher.	Sol Schoenbach	1999
date of death	Bevil Higgons (1670--1735) was an English historian and poet, He was born at Kezo.	Bevil Higgons	1735
date of death	Horst Schüler-Springorum (15 October 1928 - 5 September 2015) was a German Professor of Jurisprudence.	Horst Schüler-Springorum	5 September 2015
date of death	Wilibald Swibert Joseph Gottlieb von Besser (7 July 1784 -- 11 October 1842) was an Austrian-born botanist who worked most of his life within the territory of western Ukraine.	Wilibald Swibert Joseph Gottlieb von Besser	11 October 1842
date of death	Vytautas Petrulis (born February 3, 1890 in Katelišės, near Vabalninkas; executed in 1942, near Uchta, RSFSR) was a Lithuanian politician, one of the main figures in the Lithuanian Christian Democratic Party, and an accountant.	Vytautas Petrulis	1942
date of death	Jimmy Wheeler (16 September 1910 - 8 October 1973) was a British variety theatre comedian and pioneer of radio and television.	Jimmy Wheeler	1973
date of death	(Charles) Philip Fothergill (23 February 1906 -- 31 January 1959) was an English woollen manufacturer and Liberal Party politician.	Philip Fothergill	31 January 1959
date of death	Nicholas Dias Abeysinghe Amarasekere Maha Mudaliyar, (Sinhala: නිකලස් ඩයස් අබේසිංහ අමරසේකර) (8 May 1719 - 10 May 1794) was a Ceylonese Dutch colonial administrator.	Nicholas Dias Abeysinghe	10 May 1794
date of death	Muriel Denison, née Jessie Muriel Goggin (1886--1954), was a Canadian writer.	Muriel Denison	1954
date of death	Sir Patrick Hancock GCMG (25 June 1914 -- 1 February 1980) was a British diplomat who was ambassador to Israel, Norway and Italy.	Patrick Hancock	1 February 1980
date of death	Singanallur Venkataramana Iyer Sahasranamam (b. 29 November 1913 -- 19 February 1988), commonly known as S. V. Sahasranamam, was an Indian theatre and film actor and also a director, who worked mainly in Tamil cinema.	S. V. Sahasranamam	19 February 1988
date of death	Simicoudza Simicourba (1858 -- 1911), otherwise known as Sitarane, was a thief and murderer on the island of Réunion.	Sitarane	1911
date of death	Jim Buck (28 November 1931 -- 4 July 2013) was a New York City dog walker.	Jim Buck	4 July 2013
date of death	Asbjørn Nesheim (14 December 1906 in Trondheim --19 January 1989 in Oslo) was a Norwegian linguist and curator known for his research on the Sámi languages and cultural history, particularly for his collaboration with Konrad Nielsen on volumes four and five of Nielsen's Lapp Dictionary.	Asbjørn Nesheim	1989
date of death	Alonzo Potter (6 July 1800 -- 4 July 1865) was an American bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States who served as the third Bishop of Pennsylvania.	Alonzo Potter	4 July 1865
date of death	Dirk III van Brederode (ca. 1308 -- Haarlem, 11 November 1377) was lord of Brederode.	Dirk III van Brederode	11 November 1377
date of death	Count Wilhelm IV of Eberstein (3 May 1497 -- 1 July 1562) was a member of the Swabian noble Eberstein family.	Wilhelm IV of Eberstein	1 July 1562
date of death	Petar Manola (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Манола) (born 28 February 1918 -- 2004) was a Bosnian Serb football player.	Petar Manola	2004
date of death	Mahvash (née Akram, Persian: مهوش), (1920-1961), also known as Banu Mahvash (English: Lady Mahvash), Ma'sumeh Azizi Borujerdi, and Akram Ābgūshtī, was a singer, dancer, film actress and stage performer.	Mahvash	1961
date of death	Christoph Frankopan (Croatian: Krsto Frankopan Brinjski; 1482--1527) was a Croatian count from the noble House of Frankopan.	Christoph Frankopan	1527
date of death	Eglantine Wallace, Lady Wallace (died 1803), was an English author.	Eglantine Wallace	1803
date of death	Paul Lüönd (15 April 1950 -- 3 April 2014) was a Swiss musician and politician.	Paul Lüönd	3 April 2014
date of death	Thomas Fairfax, 1st Viscount Fairfax of Emley (1575 - 23 December 1636) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1601 and 1626.	Thomas Fairfax, 1st Viscount Fairfax	23 December 1636
date of death	Emilie Frances Bauer (pseudonym: Francisco di Nogero; March 5, 1865 Walla Walla, Washington -- March 9, 1926 Manhattan, New York) was an American music critic and pianist.	Emilie Frances Bauer	1926
date of death	Henry East Havergal (1820--1875) was a priest in the Church of England and an organist.	Henry East Havergal	1875
date of death	Henry Augustus Marshall (died 1841) was a British official in Ceylon.	Henry Augustus Marshall	1841
date of death	Harry Hopkinson (8 June 1902 -- 4 March 1979) has been credited as one of the world's greatest yodelers.	Harry Hopkinson	4 March 1979
date of death	Sutton Vane (9 November 1888 -- 15 June 1963) was a British playwright best known work for Outward Bound (1923), which was filmed twice and was still being performed eight decades after its premiere.	Sutton Vane	15 June 1963
date of death	Vice-Admiral Cecil Vivian Usborne, CB, CMG (17 May 1880 -- 31 January 1951) was a high-ranking officer in the British Royal Navy.	Cecil Vivian Usborne	31 January 1951
date of death	Frank Seeds (March 26, 1896 -- October 1963) was a professional football player who played in the National Football League during the 1926 season with the Canton Bulldogs.	Frank Seeds	October 1963
date of death	Jeff Fehring (21 April 1955 -- 25 July 2008) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (as the AFL was then known) from 1977 to 1981.	Jeff Fehring	25 July 2008
date of death	Thomas Reynell (13 September 1625 -- 1698) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1689.	Thomas Reynell	1698
date of death	Holden Furber (13 March 1903 -- 19 January 1993) was a professor of South Asia Studies at the University of Pennsylvania from 1952 till 1973.	Holden Furber	19 January 1993
date of death	Sir Frederick Taylor, 1st Baronet MD FRCS (6 April 1847 - 2 December 1920) was a British physician and president of the Royal College of Physicians 1915-1918.	Sir Frederick Taylor, 1st Baronet	2 December 1920
date of death	Maximilian Gustav Alfred Cecil Michaelis (born Cabourg, France 19 August 1913-died Aix-en-Provence 3 May 1997), was an artist who also practised in glass and ceramics, and a philanthropist who encouraged crafts and design.	Cecil Michaelis	3 May 1997
date of death	Iannis Xenakis (Greek: Γιάννης (Ιάννης) Ξενάκης (ˈʝanis kseˈnacis); 29 May 1922 -- 4 February 2001) was a Greek-French composer, music theorist, and architect-engineer.	Iannis Xenakis	4 February 2001
date of death	Rolf Bossi (10 September 1923 -- 22 December 2015) was a German criminal defense lawyer.	Rolf Bossi	22 December 2015
date of death	Patrick Kinane (3 July 1892 -- 15 July 1957) was an Irish Clann na Poblachta politician.	Patrick Kinane	15 July 1957
date of death	Jean I of Albret (1425 -- 3 January 1468), 15th Lord of Albret, was a Viscount of Tartas.	Jean I of Albret	1468
date of death	Mavis Taylor (1915 -- 14 March 2007) was an Australian who was named an Australian Living Treasure for her humanitarian work for the people of East Timor in her later years.	Mavis Taylor	14 March 2007
date of death	Kurt Walter Bachstitz (4 October 1882 - 1949 in The Hague) was a German-Austrian art dealer.	Kurt Walter Bachstitz	1949
date of death	James Abernethy FRSE (12 June 1814 -- 8 March 1896) was a Scottish civil engineer.	James Abernethy	8 March 1896
date of death	Reginald Clifford Allen, 1st Baron Allen of Hurtwood (9 May 1889 -- 3 March 1939), known as Clifford Allen, was a British politician, leading member of the Independent Labour Party (ILP), and prominent pacifist.	Clifford Allen, 1st Baron Allen of Hurtwood	3 March 1939
date of death	Maurizio Arcieri (30 April 1942 -- 29 January 2015) formerly leader of The New Dada, a 1960s Italian beat music band, and a member of Krisma, was a successful singer in the 1970s.	Maurizio Arcieri	29 January 2015
date of death	Lajos Keresztes-Fischer (8 January 1884 -- 29 April 1948) was a Hungarian military officer, who served as Chief of the General Staff in 1938.	Lajos Keresztes-Fischer	29 April 1948
date of death	Frank E. Kirby (July 1, 1849 -- August 25, 1929) was a naval architect in the Detroit, Michigan (USA) area in the early 20th century.	Frank E. Kirby	1929
date of death	Adrianus Johannes Ehnle (1819-1863), a Dutch painter of historical and genre subjects, was born at the Hague in 1819, and studied under C. Kruseman.	Adrianus Johannes Ehnle	1863
date of death	Neil Myles (17 June 1925 -- 1993) was a Scottish professional footballer.	Neil Myles	1993
date of death	Adolfo Costa du Rels (or Adolfo Costa du Reís) (1891-- 26 May 1980) was a Bolivian writer and diplomat who became the last President of the Council of the League of Nations.	Adolfo Costa du Rels	1980
date of death	John Stewart, 1st Earl of Traquair (died 1659) was a Scottish statesman, the son of John Stewart, the younger, of Traquair in Peeblesshire, of a branch, originally illegitimate, of the house of Buchan, and was created Baron Stewart of Traquair in 1628 and earl of Traquair in 1633.	John Stewart, 1st Earl of Traquair	1659
date of death	Eliyahu Eliashar (Hebrew: אליהו אלישר‎, 10 October 1899 - 30 October 1981) was an Israeli politician and writer.	Eliyahu Eliashar	30 October 1981
date of death	Eyo Edet Okon (10 June 1914--28, September 2010) fondly called Akamba Ete (Great Papa) is a Nigerian Christian pastor and minister.	Eyo Edet Okon	28, September 2010
date of death	Stefan Pogonowski (1895--1920) was a Polish professional soldier and military officer.	Stefan Pogonowski	1920
date of death	Mons Lie (15 February 1757 -- 2 August 1827) was a Norwegian police chief and writer.	Mons Lie	2 August 1827
date of death	Thomas Vautrollier (died 1587) was a French Huguenot refugee who became a printer in England and, briefly, in Scotland.	Thomas Vautrollier	1587
date of death	Georg Gottlob Ungewitter (15 September 1820 -- 6 November 1864) was a German architect and master builder.	Georg Gottlob Ungewitter	6 November 1864
date of death	Lúcio Alberto Pinheiro dos Santos (Braga, 19 April 1889 - Rio de Janeiro, 11 November 1950) was a Portuguese philosopher and teacher, noted for coining the term and writing the first theory of rhythmanalysis, focused on its physiological dimensions.	Lúcio Alberto Pinheiro dos Santos	11 November 1950
date of death	Sir Alexander Walden (died 1401), of Matching and Rickling, Essex.	Alexander Walden	1401
date of death	Eli Marsden Wilson, A.R.E., A.R.C.E. (24 June 1877 - 13 November 1965) was an English artist who had seventeen pictures exhibited at the Royal Academy.	Eli Marsden Wilson	November 1965
date of death	Heinrich Laehr (10 March 1820 -- 18 August 1905) was a German psychiatrist born in Sagan, Silesia.	Heinrich Laehr	18 August 1905
date of death	Rufus Phineas Stebbins (8 March 1810 in South Wilbraham, Massachusetts -- 13 August 1885 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) was a Massachusetts and Pennsylvania clergyman.	Rufus Phineas Stebbins	13 August 1885
date of death	Peter Hately Waddell (19 May 1817 -- 5 May 1891) was a Scottish cleric and prolific writer.	Peter Hately Waddell	5 May 1891
date of death	Francisco de Murga y Ortiz de Orué (1570? - 1636) was Spanish soldier and engineer who became Governor and Captain-General of Cartagena.	Francisco de Murga	1636
date of death	Wen Xingyu (Chinese: 文兴宇; 1941--2007) was a popular comedian and director in mainland China.	Wen Xingyu	2007
date of death	Sima Wei (司馬瑋) (271--291), courtesy name Yandu (彥度), formally Prince Yin of Chu (楚隱王), was an imperial prince during Jin Dynasty (265-420) and was the second of the eight princes commonly associated with the War of the Eight Princes.	Sima Wei	291
date of death	Charles Henry Tilson Marshall (1841 -- 20 January 1927) was a British Army Officer, serving in the Punjab, India.	Charles Henry Tilson Marshall	20 January 1927
date of death	Pedro Álvarez Holguín (1490-1542) was a Spanish nobleman, military and Conquistador of Perú.	Pedro Álvarez Holguín	1542
date of death	Ray F. Smith (1919 -- 23 August 1999) was an American agronomist whose research focused on biological methods of arthropod pest management.	Ray F. Smith	23 August 1999
date of death	Rev. Dr. James Kalacherry (20 April 1892 -- 27 October 1949) was an Indian educationalist and bishop of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, taking charge of the Diocese of Changanassery.	James Kalacherry	27 October 1949
date of death	John Bullingham (died 1598) was the Bishop of Gloucester in the Church of England from 1581.	John Bullingham	1598
date of death	Jacques Vieau (or Vieaux) (May 5, 1757 -- July 1, 1852) was a French-Canadian fur trader and first permanent white settler in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Jacques Vieau	1852
date of death	Andrea Adams (died 7 November 1995) was a BBC broadcaster and journalist known for insightful programs that she wrote and produced for Radio 4's Does He Take Sugar and Woman's Hour.	Andrea Adams	7 November 1995
date of death	Bartholomaeus Schwartz (latinised to Bartholomaeus Nigrinus) (1595--1646) was pastor of the St. Peter and St. Paul's Church in Danzig (Gdańsk), Royal Prussia (now Poland).	Bartholomaeus Nigrinus	1646
date of death	Rambhatla Lakshminarayana Sastry M.A. (b: 9 December 1908 - d: 19 November 1995) was an eminent Telugu and Sanskrit Pundit and Puranic commentator.	Rambhatla Lakshminarayana Sastry	19 November 1995
date of death	Ludovico Coccapani (23 June 1849 -- 14 November 1931) was an Italian Roman Catholic from the Archdiocese of Pisa and served as a teacher and as a member of the Secular Franciscan Order.	Ludovico Coccapani	14 November 1931
date of death	John T. Prout (1880--1969) was an American and Irish soldier.	John T. Prout	1969
date of death	Frank Markham Skipworth (1854 Castor, Lincolnshire -- 1929 London) was an English portrait painter.	Frank Markham Skipworth	1929
date of death	Elston Grey-Turner CBE MC TD (16 August 1916 - 20 January 1984) was a British doctor, secretary of the British Medical Association from 1976-79.	Elston Grey-Turner	20 January 1984
date of death	Zhiyan (智儼) (602--668) was the second patriarch of the Chinese Buddhist Huayan school.	Zhiyan	668
date of death	Robert Brandon (died 30 May 1591) was an English goldsmith and jeweller to Queen Elizabeth I of England.	Robert Brandon	30 May 1591
date of death	Manuel Izquierdo (September 26, 1925 -- July 17, 2009) was a sculptor and woodcut artist.	Manuel Izquierdo	2009
date of death	Khenpo Shenga Rinpoche, also Shenpen Chökyi Nangwa (1871--1927) was a Tibetan scholar in the Nyingma and Sakya traditions of Tibetan Buddhism.	Khenpo Shenga	1927
date of death	The two armies fought the Battle of Adramyttium on Saturday, 19 March 1205 outside the city walls, and the result was a massive defeat for Constantine Laskaris and the Greeks, with most of the army either perishing or being captured.	Constantine Laskaris	19 March 1205
date of death	Mahabir Prasad Asthana (1903 in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India -- 1976) was a freedom fighter and Congress Party leader.	Mahabir Prasad Asthana	1976
date of death	Johannes Legrant (fl. c. 1420 -- 1440) was a French or Burgundian composer of the early Renaissance.	Johannes Legrant	1440
date of death	Felice Anerio (c. 1560 -- 26 or 27 September 1614) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras, and a member of the Roman School of composers.	Felice Anerio	27 September 1614
date of death	Basil Kennett (1674--1715) was a Church of England cleric who served as the first chaplain to the British Factory at Leghorn.	Basil Kennett	1715
date of death	Richard Hartmann (8 November 1809 -- 16 December 1878) was a German engineering manufacturer.	Richard Hartmann	16 December 1878
date of death	Shyam Kumari Khan (née Nehru, 20 October 1904 - 9 June 1980) was an Indian lawyer, freedom fighter, politician and social worker.	Shyam Kumari Khan	9 June 1980
date of death	Anthony Coucheron (also recorded as Anton Coucheron or Anthony Willemsen; c.1650 -- 14 March 1689) was an engineering officer.	Anthony Coucheron	14 March 1689
date of death	Jean Hepburn, Lady Darnley, Mistress of Caithness, Lady Morham (died 1599) was a Scottish noblewoman and a member of the Border clan of Hepburn.	Jean Hepburn	1599
date of death	Sir David Aubrey Scott GCMG (3 August 1919 -- 27 December 2010) was a British diplomat who served as High Commissioner to New Zealand and Ambassador to South Africa.	David Aubrey Scott	27 December 2010
date of death	Clara de Chatelain, née Clara Du Mazet de Pontigny (31 July 1807, London -- 30 June 1876, London) was an English writer, composer and translator.	Clara de Chatelain	30 June 1876
date of death	Sankari Prasad Basu (21 October 1928 -- 6 July 2014, also credited as Sankariprasad Basu) is an Indian scholar, writer and critic who writes mainly in the Bengali language.	Sankari Prasad Basu	6 July 2014
date of death	Pedro Fernández Checa, usually known as Pedro Checa (1910 -- 6 August 1942) was a Spanish Communist who played a leading role in the party during the Spanish Civil War (1936--39).	Pedro Checa	1942
date of death	Thomas Hoccleve or Occleve (c. 1368--1426) was an English poet and clerk.	Thomas Hoccleve	1426
date of death	Ferenc Sipos (13 December 1932 -- 17 March 1997) was a Hungarian footballer and trainer.	Ferenc Sipos	17 March 1997
date of death	Guarin (French: Guérin, Italian: Guarino, Norman: Warin) (died 21 January 1137) was the chaplain (magister capellanus) and chancellor of Roger II of Sicily from about 1130 to his death, during the first decade of the Norman kingdom of Sicily.	Guarin	21 January 1137
date of death	Rev. Joseph Cooke (1775--1811), a Free Christian, was expelled by the Wesleyan Methodists on doctrinal grounds and became the inspiration behind the Methodist Unitarian movement formed under the leadership of another former Wesleyan Joseph Ashworth.	Joseph Cooke	1811
date of death	Meiler Bourke, 11th Mac William Iochtar and lord of Lower (North) Connacht, died 1520.	Meiler Bourke	1520
date of death	Reverend David Railton MC MA, (13 November 1884 -- 13 June 1955) was a Church of England clergyman, a Military chaplain and the originator of the idea of the Grave of The Unknown Warrior.	David Railton	13 June 1955
date of death	Robert Habersham Coleman (1856--1930) was an iron processing and railroad industrialist and owner of extensive farmland in Pennsylvania.	Robert Habersham Coleman	1930
date of death	Carl Ernst Naumann (15 August 1832 -- 15 December 1910) was a German organist, composer, conductor, editor, arranger and musicologist.	Ernst Naumann	15 December 1910
date of death	Peter Kastner (1 October 1943 -- 18 September 2008) was a Canadian-born actor who achieved prominence as a disaffected youth in movies of the 1960s.	Peter Kastner	18 September 2008
date of death	Sir Mark Wood, 1st Baronet (16 March 1750 -- 6 February 1829) was an army officer and engineer.	Sir Mark Wood, 1st Baronet	6 February 1829
date of death	Dangereuse de l'Isle Bouchard (Poitevin: Dangerosa; 1079-1151) was the daughter of Bartholomew de l'Isle Bouchard.	Dangereuse de l'Isle Bouchard	1151
date of death	Peter Bisaillon (also Bezellon or Bizaillon), (baptized Pierre) (c. 1662 -- 18 July 1742) was born in France and came to New France with four of his brothers; all of whom occupied themselves with the trade with various native tribes.	Peter Bisaillon	18 July 1742
date of death	Maurice Fishberg (1872--1934) was a Jewish-American physical anthropologist who specialised in ethnology of the Jews.	Maurice Fishberg	1934
date of death	Lizbeth Stewart (1948--2013), who is also known as Lizbeth McNett Stewart, was an American ceramist who was born in Philadelphia and grew up in Southampton, Pennsylvania.	Lizbeth Stewart	2013
date of death	Ernst Mahler (October 17, 1887 -- July 30, 1967) was an Austrian chemist and leader of the Kimberly-Clark Corporation in Wisconsin.	Ernst Mahler	1967
date of death	S. Omar Barker (1894--1985), an oft-recited cowboy poet was born in a log cabin in New Mexico where he lived his entire life as a rancher, teacher and writer.	S. Omar Barker	1985
date of death	James Creed Meredith K.C., LL.D. (28 November 1875 -- 14 August 1942) was an Irish nationalist of the early 20th century, who upheld Brehon Law.	James Creed Meredith	14 August 1942
date of death	George Landseer, was an English painter born 1829 and died in London 1878; he was the nephew of Sir Edwin Henry Landseer and his father Thomas Landseer was also an artist.	George Landseer	1878
date of death	Boston King (c. 1760--1802) was a former American slave and Black Loyalist, who gained freedom from the British and settled in Nova Scotia after the American Revolutionary War.	Boston King	1802
date of death	Robert Preston, 1st Viscount Gormanston (1435--1503) was an Irish peer and statesman who held the offices of Deputy to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland and Lord Deputy of Ireland.	Robert Preston, 1st Viscount Gormanston	1503
date of death	Sir Richard Tichborne, 2nd Baronet (1578 -- April 1652) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1597.	Sir Richard Tichborne, 2nd Baronet	1652
date of death	John Jeremy Lloyd, OBE (22 July 1930 -- 23 December 2014) was an English writer, screenwriter, author, poet and actor, best known as co-author and writer of several successful British sitcoms, including Are You Being Served? and 'Allo 'Allo!.	Jeremy Lloyd	23 December 2014
date of death	Chaim Widawski (c. 1906--June 1944) was a popular Zionist activist in the Łódź Ghetto during World War II. After the German takeover of Poland, the Nazis confiscated personal radios from Jews and Poles, and their possession was made punishable by death.	Chaim Widawski	June 1944
date of death	Otto Ender (24 December 1875 - 25 June 1960) was an Austrian political figure.	Otto Ender	25 June 1960
date of death	Paolo Cavara (4 July 1926 -- 7 August 1982) was an Italian screenwriter and a film director.	Paolo Cavara	7 August 1982
date of death	Dorothea Ruth Etchells (17 April 1931 -- 8 August 2012) was an English poet and college principal who spent most of her working life in the University of Durham.	Ruth Etchells	8 August 2012
date of death	John Towill Rutt (1760--1841) was an English political activist, social reformer and nonconformist man of letters.	John Towill Rutt	1841
date of death	Sasi Perumal (Tamil: சசி பெருமாள்) (c. 1955 -- 31 July 2015) was a Gandhian activist and anti-liquor activist from Salem, Tamil Nadu.	Sasi Perumal	31 July 2015
date of death	Willie Toner (18 December 1929 -- 29 March 1999) was a Scottish football player and manager, who played for Celtic, Sheffield United, Kilmarnock, Hibernian and Ayr United.	Willie Toner	1999
date of death	Elizabeth Inglis (10 July 1913 -- 25 August 2007) was an English actress, known for her role in The Letter, opposite Bette Davis.	Elizabeth Inglis	25 August 2007
date of death	George Luke (17 December 1933 -- 24 March 2010) was an English footballer who played as a left-winger for Newcastle United, Hartlepools United and Darlington in the 1950s and early 1960s.	George Luke	24 March 2010
date of death	Kazbek Gekkiyev (c.1984 -- 5 December 2012) was a Russian television journalist who was killed on 5 December 2012 in the North Caucasus Republic of Kabardino-Balkaria.	Kazbek Gekkiyev	5 December 2012
date of death	Thomas Haydock (1772--1859), born of one of the oldest English Catholic Recusant families, was a schoolmaster and publisher.	Thomas Haydock	1859
date of death	Harry Norman Brookman (22 January 1884 -- 26 April 1949), always referred to as Norman Brookman, was a farmer and politician in South Australia.	Norman Brookman	26 April 1949
date of death	Thapliyal Gyaneshwar Prasad (19 October 1938 -- 25 November 2007) was an Indian first-class cricketer who played for Delhi cricket team and Southern Punjab.	Gyaneshwar Prasad	25 November 2007
date of death	Reginald Logan Rait (January 1902 -- 1975), was a British Pattenmaker and Liberal Party politician.	Reginald Logan Rait	1975
date of death	Roy Furr (1907 -- June 13, 1975) was the president of the Furr's chain of supermarkets and restaurants.	Roy Furr	1975
date of death	Iustinianus (died 407 AD) was a Roman military commander who supported the usurper Constantine III.	Iustinianus	407
date of death	Carl Fredrik Wisløff (31 December 1908 -- 25 June 2004) was a Norwegian theologian and Christian preacher, who spent much of his professional career at the MF Norwegian School of Theology.	Carl Fredrik Wisløff	25 June 2004
date of death	Robert Murcutt (1791--1835) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Cambridge Town Club who was active in the 1820s.	Robert Murcutt	1835
date of death	Raimondo Scoppa (March 22, 1820 -- 1890) was an Italian painter of both historical subjects and landscapes.	Raimondo Scoppa	1890
date of death	Philip H. Bruck (January 6, 1845 -- January 6, 1920) was the 29th mayor of Columbus, Ohio and the 26th person to serve in that office.	Philip H. Bruck	1920
date of death	William Bingley (January 1774 -- 11 March 1823) was an English cleric, naturalist and writer.	William Bingley	1823
date of death	Emma Vyssotsky (October 23, 1894 -- May, 1975), born Emma T. R. Williams in Media, Pennsylvania was an American astronomer.	Emma Vyssotsky	May, 1975
date of death	Sir William Henry Watson QC (1 July 1796 -- 13 March 1860), was a British politician and judge.	William Henry Watson	13 March 1860
date of death	Josephine Thrane (née Buch; 5 April 1820 -- 30 September 1862) was a Norwegian teacher and political activist.	Josephine Thrane	30 September 1862
date of death	Venerable Teresa Chikaba (c. 1676 -- December 6, 1748) was an Guinean princess declared as Venerable by the Catholic Church.	Teresa Chikaba	1748
date of death	Paul Rosbaud (18 November 1896--28 January 1963), was a metallurgist and scientific adviser for Springer Verlag in Germany before and during World War II. He continued in science publishing after the war with Pergamon Press in Oxford, England.	Paul Rosbaud	28 January 1963
date of death	Herluf Trolle (14 January 1516 -- 25 June 1565) was a Danish naval hero, Admiral of the Fleet and co-founder of Herlufsholm	Herluf Trolle	25 June 1565
date of death	John Howson (c. 1557 -- 6 February 1632) was an English academic and bishop.	John Howson	6 February 1632
date of death	Alex Konadu (1950 -- 18 January 2011) was a Ghanaian guitarist who was known for his contribution to the Highlife tradition.	Alex Konadu	18 January 2011
date of death	Paul Raphael Montford (1 November 1868 -- 15 January 1938) was an English-born sculptor, active in Australia; winner of the gold medal of the Royal Society of British Sculptors in 1934.	Paul Raphael Montford	15 January 1938
date of death	Wilfred Harvey Schoff (1874--1932) was an early twentieth century American antiquarian and classical scholar.	Wilfred Harvey Schoff	1932
date of death	María Santos Corrales (November 1, 1797 -- 1881) was the inspiration of Peru's famous poet and patriot soldier, Mariano Melgar; she is forever immortalized as ``Silvia'' in his poetry.	María Santos Corrales	1881
date of death	Richard Dunthorne (1711 -- 3 March 1775) was an English astronomer and surveyor, who worked in Cambridge as astronomical and scientific assistant to Roger Long (master of Pembroke Hall and Lowndean Professor of Astronomy and Geometry), and also concurrently for many years as surveyor to the Bedford Level Corporation.	Richard Dunthorne	3 March 1775
date of death	Leland Lawrence Briggs (April 24, 1893 -- November 12, 1975) was an American accounting scholar, and Professor at the University of Vermont, known as founder of The Accountants Digest, which he edited and published until 1973.	Leland Lawrence Briggs	1975
date of death	Simon Mathews (died 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Simon Butler in 1712.	Simon Mathews	1755
date of death	Ulysses Grant-Smith (1870--1959) was an American diplomat originally from Washington County, Pennsylvania.	Ulysses Grant-Smith	1959
date of death	Johan Martin Preisler (14 March 1715 in Nuremberg -- 17 November 1794 in Copenhagen) was a German engraver, most notable for his work in Denmark.	Johan Martin Preisler	17 November 1794
date of death	Kārlis Kļava (9 March 1907 -- 1941) was a Latvian military officer and sports shooter.	Kārlis Kļava	1941
date of death	Baldwin Hamey the Younger M.D. (1600--1676) was an English physician, now best known as a medical biographer.	Baldwin Hamey the Younger	1676
date of death	Eugene C. Whitney (26 August 1913 -- 22 March 1998) was a celebrated power engineer who designed hydroelectric turbines and generators at Westinghouse Electric Company.	Eugene C. Whitney	22 March 1998
date of death	Wilmot Hyde Bradley, aka ``Bill'' Bradley (4 April 1899 in New Haven, CT -- 12 April 1979 in Bangor, ME) was a co-founder (1943) and Chief of the Branch of Military Geology and Chief Geologist of the U.S. Geological Survey from 1944 to 1959.	Wilmot Hyde Bradley	12 April 1979
date of death	John Barkham, D.D. (1572?--1642) was an English clergyman, antiquary and historian.	John Barkham	1642
date of death	Captain Sir Robert Henry Muirhead Collins KCMG, (1852--1927) was an English-born Royal Navy officer, Colonial (Permanent Victorian Naval Forces) naval officer, Colonial public servant, Australian Federationist, Australian public service department head and Australia's official representative in London.	Muirhead Collins	1927
date of death	Wladimir Burliuk (Ukrainian: Володимир Давидович Бурлюк; Russian: Владимир Давидович Бурлюк; 1886--1917) was a Ukrainian avant-garde artist (Neo-Primitivist and Cubo-Futurist), book illustrator.	Wladimir Burliuk	1917
date of death	Henry Compton, 1st Baron Compton (14 July 1544 -- 10 December 1589) was an English peer and Member of Parliament.	Henry Compton, 1st Baron Compton	10 December 1589
date of death	Fawzi al-Ghazzi (1891--1929) (Arabic: فوزي الغزي‎), was a Syrian politician known for being the father of the Syrian constitution.	Fawzi al-Ghazzi	1929
date of death	Ruud Knuppe (6 August 1938, Amsterdam - 19 April 2002, Jisp) was a Dutch sprint canoer who competed in the early 1960s.	Ruud Knuppe	19 April 2002
date of death	John Madew (died 1555) was an English churchman and academic, Regius Professor of Divinity at Cambridge and Master of Clare Hall.	John Madew	1555
date of death	Sir Humphrey Wingfield (died 1545) was an English lawyer and Speaker of the House of Commons of England between 1533 and 1536.	Humphrey Wingfield	1545
date of death	Ivan Stojmenović (1957 -- 3 November 2014) was a Serbian-Canadian mathematician and computer scientist well known for his contributions to communications networks and algorithms.	Ivan Stojmenović	3 November 2014
date of death	Most Rev. Dr. Nicholas Donnelly (23 November 1837 -- 29 March 1920), D.D., MRIA, was a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of Dublin.	Nicholas Donnelly	1920
date of death	Richard de Luci (1089 -- 14 July 1179) (also Richard de Lucy) was first noted as High Sheriff of Essex, after which he was made Chief Justiciar of England.	Richard de Luci	14 July 1179
date of death	Joanna Wiszniewicz (18 March 1947 -- 31 January 2009) was a Polish academic and historian.	Joanna Wiszniewicz	31 January 2009
date of death	Gustav Winkler (11 May 1867 in Liegnitz -- 26 April 1954 in Berlin) was a German industrialist.	Gustav Winkler	26 April 1954
date of death	Jan Weenix or Joannis Wenix (between 1640/1649 -- 19 September 1719 (buried)) was a Dutch painter.	Jan Weenix	19 September 1719
date of death	Wadie Haddad (Arabic: وديع حداد‎; 1927 -- 28 March 1978), also known as Abu Hani, was a Palestinian leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine's armed wing.	Wadie Haddad	28 March 1978
date of death	Helen Naha (1922--1993) was the matriarch in a family of well known Hopi potters.	Helen Naha	1993
date of death	José Álvarez de Toledo y Dubois (14 May 1779, Havana - 16 April 1858, Paris) was a politician and leader of a military force against Spanish rule in Texas.	José Álvarez de Toledo y Dubois	16 April 1858
date of death	Jonathan Bates (1 November 1939 -- 31 October 2008) was an English sound editor.	Jonathan Bates	31 October 2008
date of death	Caesar Kleberg (September 20, 1873 - 1946) was an American conservationist, born in Cuero, Texas.	Caesar Kleberg	1946
date of death	Andra Gavrilović (Serbian: Андра Гавриловић; Svilajnac, Principality of Serbia 11 July 1864 -- Belgrade, Kingdom of Yugoslavia 24 February 1929) was Serbian historian, historian of literature, writer and diplomat.	Andra Gavrilović	24 February 1929
date of death	Joanne Woollard (died 27 February 2015) was a British art director.	Joanne Woollard	27 February 2015
date of death	Sanya Dharmasakti (Thai: สัญญา ธรรมศักดิ์, rtgs: Sanya Thammasak, pronunciation: (sǎn.jaː tʰam.má.sàk), 5 April 1907 -- 6 January 2002) was a Thai jurist, university professor and politician.	Sanya Dharmasakti	6 January 2002
date of death	Ernst Hellmut Vits (19 September 1903 -- 23 January 1970) was a German lawyer who headed the rayon manufacturer Vereinigte Glanzstoff-Fabriken (VGF) from 1940 to 1969.	Ernst Hellmut Vits	1970
date of death	Henry Grey, 4th Earl of Kent (c. 1495 -- 24 September 1562) was Earl of Kent from 1524 to his death.	Henry Grey, 4th Earl of Kent	24 September 1562
date of death	Thomas Vavasour (born about 1536-7; died at Kingston upon Hull, 2 May 1585) was an English Roman Catholic physician, and pensioner of St John's College, Cambridge.	Thomas Vavasour	1585
date of death	George Finch, 9th Earl of Winchilsea KG PC FRS (4 November 1752 -- 2 August 1826) was an important figure in the history of cricket.	George Finch, 9th Earl of Winchilsea	2 August 1826
date of death	Mark Keyworth (19 February 1948 -- 23 November 2014) was an English rugby union player who played for Swansea, Aberystwyth, the North Midlands county team and the national team.	Mark Keyworth	23 November 2014
date of death	Vilho Turunen (16 December 1923, Polvijärvi - 8 February 1973) was a Finnish agricultural worker, logger, trade union functionary and politician.	Vilho Turunen	8 February 1973
date of death	Paul Prosper Henrys (or Paul-Prosper) (13 March 1862 -- 6 November 1943) was a French general.	Paul Prosper Henrys	6 November 1943
date of death	Christopher Airay (1601 -- 18 October 1670) was an English preacher and a pioneer in English logic.	Christopher Airay	18 October 1670
date of death	Joyce La Mers (1920 -- October 2013) was an American writer of light poetry.	Joyce La Mers	October 2013
date of death	Stanley Royle (1888--1961) was a post-impressionist English landscape painter and illustrator who lived for most of his life in and around Sheffield (England) and Canada.	Stanley Royle	1961
date of death	John Edward Sawyer (1917 -- 1995) was a prominent academic and philanthropic administrator.	John Edward Sawyer	1995
date of death	João Soares de Sousa (1493 in Vila do Porto -- 2 January 1571 in Vila do Porto) was the third Donatary-Captain of Santa Maria, succeeding his father João Soares de Albergaria, who had died on 1499.	João Soares de Sousa	2 January 1571
date of death	Svatopluk Havelka (born 2 May 1925 -- 24 February 2009) was a Czech composer.	Svatopluk Havelka	24 February 2009
date of death	Adriana Basile (ca. 1580 -- ca. 1640) was an Italian composer and singer.	Adriana Basile	1640
date of death	Im Yunjidang (任允摯堂; 1721-1793) was a Korean scholar, writer and neo-Confucian philosopher.	Im Yunjidang	1793
date of death	Admiral Sir Erasmus Ommanney KCB, FRS, FRGS, JP (22 May 1814 -- 21 December 1904) was a Royal Navy officer and an Arctic explorer of the Victorian era.	Erasmus Ommanney	21 December 1904
date of death	Ruy Fernández de Fuenmayor (1603 - 1651) was a Spanish soldier who was governor of Venezuela Province between 1637 and 1644.	Ruy Fernández de Fuenmayor	1651
date of death	John Ayliffe, LL.D. (1676--1732) was an English jurist, expelled from the University of Oxford in a high-profile controversy.	John Ayliffe	1732
date of death	Fred Newton Scott (1860--1931) was an American writer, educator and rhetorician.	Fred Newton Scott	1931
date of death	Tich Gwilym (10 September 1950 -- 19 June 2005), born Robert Gwilliam, was a Welsh rock guitarist who was most notable for his Hendrix inspired version of the Welsh national anthem, Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau, considered one of the most famous renditions of the song.	Tich Gwilym	19 June 2005
date of death	Eugen Anton Theophil von Podbielski (17 October 1814 -- 31 October 1879) was a general in the Prussian cavalry and general inspector of the artillery.	Eugen Anton Theophil von Podbielski	31 October 1879
date of death	Leveson Francis Vernon-Harcourt (1839--1907) was a British civil engineer, author of several treatises on river and harbour engineering.	Leveson Francis Vernon-Harcourt	1907
date of death	Blanche Robinson (Mrs. Martin Hennion Robinson, née Williams; 18 May 1883, near Liberty, Kansas -- 19 August 1969, Los Angeles) was an American composer and well-known piano accompanist.	Blanche Robinson	1969
date of death	George Ffitch (15 January 1929 - 5 July 2001) was a British newsreader, television presenter, radio personality and journalist.	George Ffitch	5 July 2001
date of death	Jehoiada Brewer (1752?--1817) was a Welsh dissenting minister.	Jehoiada Brewer	1817
date of death	Sir Gilbert Greenall, 1st Baronet DL (11 May 1806 -- 10 July 1894), was a British businessman and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1847 and 1892.	Sir Gilbert Greenall, 1st Baronet	10 July 1894
date of death	Nepomucena Kostecka, née Żółkowska (24 November 1807 -- 10 March 1847) was a Polish stage actress.	Nepomucena Kostecka	10 March 1847
date of death	Juan Ángel Arias (1800--1842) served as the acting Supremo Director of Honduras (24 December 1829 -- 22 April 1830).	Juan Ángel Arias	22 April 1830
date of death	The Right Reverend Francis Paget, DD (20 March 1851 -- 2 August 1911) was an English theologian, author and the 33rd Bishop of Oxford.	Francis Paget	2 August 1911
date of death	Zhang Huizan (1884 or 1885 - 28 January 1931) was a Lieutenant general in the Chinese National Revolutionary Army.	Zhang Huizan	1931
date of death	Pieter Corbeels (Leuven, 12 March 1755 -- Tournai, 21 June 1799) was a Belgian book printer and resistance leader.	Pieter Corbeels	21 June 1799
date of death	Peter Hansson is a co-founder and guitarist (1987--1993) of Swedish metal band Therion.	Peter Hansson	1993
date of death	Immanuel Halton (1628--1699) was an English astronomer and mathematician, an associate of John Flamsteed.	Immanuel Halton	1699
date of death	Olivia Rossetti Agresti (30 September 1875 -- 6 November 1960) was a British activist, author, editor, and interpreter.	Olivia Rossetti Agresti	6 November 1960
date of death	José Antonio de Areche Zornoza (died 1788) was a Spanish visitador in Peru (1777--82).	José Antonio de Areche	1788
date of death	José del Carmen Quesada del Río (1833-1885) was a Chilean lawyer and magistrate.	José del Carmen Quesada del Río	1885
date of death	Ketil Egge (11 March 1950 -- 26 March 1997) is a Norwegian actor and theatre director.	Ketil Egge	1997
date of death	Vinayak Narayan Patwardhan () (22 July 1898 -- 23 August 1975), also known as Pandit Vinayakrao Patwardhan and Patwardhanbuwa as an Indian vocalist of Gwaliar-genre of Hindustani classical music.	Vinayakrao Patwardhan	23 August 1975
date of death	Katharina of Nassau-Beilstein (died: 6 September 1459) was the daughter of Count Henry II of Nassau-Beilstein and his wife, Katharina of Randerode.	Katharina of Nassau-Beilstein	6 September 1459
date of death	Anderson Ruffin Abbott, M.D. (7 April 1837 -- 29 December 1913) was the first Black Canadian to be a licensed physician.	Anderson Ruffin Abbott	29 December 1913
date of death	Charles Townshend, 2nd Viscount Townshend Bt KG PC FRS (/ˈtaʊnzənd/; 18 April 1674 -- 21 June 1738) was a British Whig statesman.	Charles Townshend, 2nd Viscount Townshend	21 June 1738
date of death	John Albert Broadus (1827--1895) was an American Baptist pastor and President of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary.	John Albert Broadus	1895
date of death	Carl Augustus Heber (April 15, 1874 or 1875 --1956) was an American sculptor noted for his public monuments.	Carl Augustus Heber	1956
date of death	Charles-Théophile Gaudin (4 August 1822, Petit-Château, near Lausanne -- 12 January 1866, Lausanne) was a Swiss paleontologist known for his research in the field of paleobotany.	Charles-Théophile Gaudin	12 January 1866
date of death	Agnes Mortimer, Countess of Pembroke (1317 -- 25 July 1368) was the wife of Laurence Hastings, 1st Earl of Pembroke.	Agnes Mortimer, Countess of Pembroke	25 July 1368
date of death	Corneliu Dragalina (5 February 1887, Caransebeș -- 11 July 1949, Bucharest) was a Romanian General during World War II, the son of the World War I-general Ion Dragalina.	Corneliu Dragalina	11 July 1949
date of death	Cornelis Lely (Dutch pronunciation: (kɔrˈneːlɪs ˈleːli); 23 September 1854 -- 22 January 1929) was a Dutch civil engineer and statesman.	Cornelis Lely	22 January 1929
date of death	Joseph Ady (1770--1852) was a notorious English impostor.	Joseph Ady	1852
date of death	Holger Gilbert-Jespersen (22 September 1890 -- 30 July 1975) was a Danish flutist, orchestral musician and academic flute teacher.	Holger Gilbert-Jespersen	30 July 1975
date of death	Helen Hooker or Helen Hooker O'Malley Roelefs (1 January 1905 -- 2 April 1993) was an American sculptor and portrait painter who spent a considerable part of career in Ireland.	Helen Hooker	2 April 1993
date of death	Lieutenant General Alexander Mackenzie Fraser (1758 - 13 September 1809) was a British General.	Alexander Mackenzie Fraser	13 September 1809
date of death	Giovanni Bassignani (1669 -- May 1717) was an Italian architect and engineer of the late-Baroque.	Giovanni Bassignani	1717
date of death	Helen Octavia Dickens (1909--2001) was the first African-American woman to be admitted to the American College of Surgeons.	Helen Octavia Dickens	2001
date of death	Albert Webster Edgerly (1852 -- 1926) was a 19th- and 20th-century American social reform activist.	Webster Edgerly	1926
date of death	Hamilton Wright Mabie, A.M., L.H.D., LL.D. (1846--1916) was an American essayist, editor, critic, and lecturer.	Hamilton Wright Mabie	1916
date of death	Laurel Elizabeth Keyes (died 1983) was an American author, lecturer and counselor.	Laurel Elizabeth Keyes	1983
date of death	John-Baptiste Nguyễn Bửu Đồng was a Vietnamese Roman Catholic priest from the city of Huế who was murdered by the Việtcộng during the 1968 Tet Offensive.	John-Baptiste Nguyễn Bửu Đồng	1968
date of death	John Cook Wilson (born Nottingham 6 June 1849, died 11 August 1915) was an English philosopher.	John Cook Wilson	11 August 1915
date of death	Major General Hisham Ikhtiyar (1941 -- 20 July 2012) (family name also transliterated as Ikhtiar, Bakhtiar, Bekhityar, Bekhtyar and other variants) was a Syrian military official, and a national security adviser to president Bashar al-Assad.	Hisham Ikhtiyar	20 July 2012
date of death	Johannes Ludwig Janson (1 September 1849 -- 28 October 1914) was a German specialist in veterinary science.	Johannes Ludwig Janson	28 October 1914
date of death	Mary Wimbush (19 March 1924 -- 31 October 2005) was an English actress whose career spanned sixty years from the 1940s to the 2000s.	Mary Wimbush	31 October 2005
date of death	Lars Olsson Smith (12 October 1836 -- 9 December 1913), also L.O. Smith, was a Swedish spirits manufacturer and politician.	Lars Olsson Smith	9 December 1913
date of death	Ella Fry (née Robinson) (1916--1997) was an artist, musician, and chairperson of the Western Australian Art Gallery, in Perth, Western Australia from 1976 to 1986.	Ella Fry	1997
date of death	Humble Ward, 1st Baron Ward, of Birmingham (c. 1614 -- 14 October 1670) was the son and heir of William Ward, a London goldsmith.	Humble Ward, 1st Baron Ward	14 October 1670
date of death	Marharajah Badan Singh (Hindi: बदन सिंह) (Reign: 1722--1756) was the formal founder of the princely state of Bharatpur.	Badan Singh	1756
date of death	Bobby Buckle (1869--1959) was one of twelve schoolboys who founded the Hotspur Football Club in 1882 later to become Tottenham Hotspur Football Club.	Bobby Buckle	1959
date of death	James Henthorn Todd (23 April 1805 -- 28 June 1869) was a biblical scholar, educator, and Irish historian.	James Henthorn Todd	28 June 1869
date of death	Michel Bakhoum (1913--1981; Arabic: ميشيل باخوم‎, Mīšīl Bāḫūm) was an Egyptian consulting civil engineer, university professor, and a researcher in concrete structures.	Michel Bakhoum	1981
date of death	Francis Chambers (1828/1829-30 November 1900) was a British architect, active in London.	Francis Chambers	30 November 1900
date of death	Frank Stukus died July 2001, age 83, pre-deceased by his first wife Anna and his son Frank Jr., and survived by wife Audrey, daughter Maureen and grandchildren Robert and Anna.	Frank Stukus	2001
date of death	Hugh Potter (1596 -- 12 February 1662) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1662.	Hugh Potter	12 February 1662
date of death	Luis Ceballos y Fernández de Córdoba (31 July 1896 in San Lorenzo de El Escorial -- 26 September 1967) was a Spanish forest engineer and botanist.	Luis Ceballos y Fernández de Córdoba	26 September 1967
date of death	Archibald Targett (1862 -- 1931) was a tinsmith and political figure in Newfoundland.	Archibald Targett	1931
date of death	Arba Seymour Van Valkenburgh (1862--1944), was an American jurist who served as a Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.	Arba Seymour Van Valkenburgh	1944
date of death	Mary Jane Seaman, married name Mrs. Chippendale (1837?, Salisbury -- 26 May 1888, Camberwell) was an English actress.	Mary Jane Seaman	26 May 1888
date of death	Rose Beaudet (1862--1947) was an American actress and opera singer of the late Victorian era and early 20th century who regularly appeared in musical theatre.	Rose Beaudet	1947
date of death	Phil Carreón (aka Phillip Lozano Carreón, Jr.; né Alonzo Carreón; 6 May 1923 Los Angeles -- 13 October 2010 Boulder City, Nevada) was an American big band leader based in Los Angeles who flourished from 1946 to 1952, retiring from music in 1952.	Phil Carreón	13 October 2010
date of death	Sebastian Horsley (born Marcus A. Horsley; 8 August 1962 -- 17 June 2010) was a London artist.	Sebastian Horsley	17 June 2010
date of death	Nelly Moore or Eleanora Moore (1844/45 -- 12 January 1869) was a British actress who died young.	Nelly Moore	1869
date of death	Frederick Whitworth Aylmer, 6th Baron Aylmer (12 October 1777 -- 5 March 1858) was a British Royal Navy officer who fought during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars and who eventually rose to the rank of admiral.	Frederick Whitworth Aylmer, 6th Baron Aylmer	5 March 1858
date of death	Giancarlo Rastelli (1934--1970) was a cardiac surgeon.	Giancarlo Rastelli	1970
date of death	Fráech mac Finchada or Fróech mac Findchado (died 495) was a king of Leinster.	Fráech mac Finchada	495
date of death	Les Charge (27 July 1891 -- 30 March 1957) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Les Charge	30 March 1957
date of death	François de Bas (10 September 1840 -- 22 February 1931) was a Dutch general and military historian.	François de Bas	22 February 1931
date of death	Charles Lambart, 3rd Earl of Cavan (7 September 1649 -- 5 December 1702) was an Irish peer.	Charles Lambart, 3rd Earl of Cavan	5 December 1702
date of death	Walter Rehberg (14 May 1900 in Geneva -- 24 October 1957) was a Swiss concert pianist, composer and writer on musical subjects who was particularly active from the 1920s to 1950s.	Walter Rehberg	24 October 1957
date of death	Carl Martin Bergh (December 22, 1849 -- June 15, 1906) was a Norwegian-American immigrant who is most associated with the resettlement of fellow Scandinavian families to the area of James City County and York County surrounding the community of Norge, Virginia.	Carl Martin Bergh	1906
date of death	Giorgio Borg Olivier (Maltese: Ġorġ Borg Olivier) (5 July 1911 -- 29 October 1980), also known as George Borg Olivier, was a Maltese statesman and leading politician.	George Borg Olivier	29 October 1980
date of death	George Millay (4 July 1929--7 February 2006) was a United States businessman, founder of SeaWorld and the Wet 'n Wild water parks.	George Millay	7 February 2006
date of death	Archduke Friedrich, Duke of Teschen (Friedrich Maria Albrecht Wilhelm Karl; 4 June 1856 -- 30 December 1936) was a member of the House of Habsburg and the Supreme Commander of the Austro-Hungarian Army during World War I.	Archduke Friedrich, Duke of Teschen	30 December 1936
date of death	Heinrich Meldahl (8 September 1776 -- 24 February 1840) was a Norwegian builder, architect and the owner of an iron foundry.	Heinrich Meldahl	24 February 1840
date of death	Thomas Brett (1747, Catherington, Hampshire -- 31 December 1809, Kingston Cross, Portsmouth, Hampshire) was one of first-class cricket's earliest well-known fast bowlers and a leading player for Hampshire when its team was organised by the Hambledon Club in the 1770s.	Thomas Brett	31 December 1809
date of death	Moropant Ramchandra Paradkar (Devanagari: मोरेश्वर रामजी पराडकर) (1729--1794), popularly known in Maharashtra as Moropant (मोरोपंत) or Mayur Pandit (मयूर पंडित), was a Karhade Brahmin Marathi poet who was the last among those classified by Marathi literary scholars as pandit (पंडित) poets.	Moropant	1794
date of death	Antonio Ruiz-Pipó (27 April 1934 -- 24 October 1997) was a Spanish virtuoso pianist and composer.	Antonio Ruiz-Pipó	24 October 1997
date of death	Bayin Htwe (Burmese: ဘုရင်ထွေး, pronounced: (bəjɪ̀ɴ tʰwé); died 1533) was king of Prome from 1526 to 1532.	Bayin Htwe	1533
date of death	George Rex (29 August 1765 - 3 April 1839) was a British-born entrepreneur who spent most of his adult life in the Cape Colony, South Africa.	George Rex	3 April 1839
date of death	Gustav Kramer (11 March 1910 -- 19 April 1959) was a German zoologist and ornithologist who specialised in allometry.	Gustav Kramer	19 April 1959
date of death	Sidney Griffith (née Wynne; died 1752), known in her time as ``Madam'' Griffith, was an important figure in the Welsh Methodist revival of the mid-18th century.	Sidney Griffith	1752
date of death	José Veríssimo Dias de Matos (8 April 1857 -- 2 December 1916) was a writer, educator, journalist, literary critic, and founding member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters.	José Veríssimo	2 December 1916
date of death	Otto Detlev Creutzfeldt (1 April 1927 -- 23 January 1992) was a German physiologist and neurologist.	Otto Detlev Creutzfeldt	1992
date of death	Milorad Nedeljković (3 December 1883, Knjaževac, Kingdom of Serbia - 1961, France) was a Serbian economist and Axis-collaborating politician.	Milorad Nedeljković	1961
date of death	Diponegoro (Mustahar; Antawirya; 11 November 1785 -- 8 January 1855), also known as Dipanegara, was a Javanese prince who opposed the Dutch colonial rule.	Diponegoro	8 January 1855
date of death	Tomás Ó Canainn (1930 -- 15 September 2013) was an Irish Uilleann piper, accordion player, singer, composer, researcher, writer and lecturer in both electrical engineering (principally control engineering) and music.	Tomás Ó Canainn	15 September 2013
date of death	Maol Muire Ó hÚigínn (Anglicised: Miler O'Higgin, died circa 1590) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman.	Maol Muire Ó hÚigínn	1590
date of death	Wickliffe Draper (August 9, 1891 -- 1972) was an American multimillionaire and philanthropist.	Wickliffe Draper	1972
date of death	Emanoil Bârzotescu (20 October, 1888 - 3 July, 1968) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He served as General Officer Commanding 1st Division from 1940 to 1942, and retired in 1942.	Emanoil Bârzotescu	1968
date of death	Endymion Porter (1587--1649) was an English diplomat and royalist.	Endymion Porter	1649
date of death	Carolina Uccelli (1810--1885) was an Italian composer known for opera.	Carolina Uccelli	1885
date of death	Ethel Dench Puffer Howes (1872--1950) was an American psychologist and feminist organizer.	Ethel Dench Puffer Howes	1950
date of death	Sampson Gideon (February 1699 in London -- 17 October 1762) was a Jewish-British banker in the City of London.	Sampson Gideon	1762
date of death	Sir Edward Bagnall Poulton, FRS (27 January 1856 -- 20 November 1943) was a British evolutionary biologist who was a lifelong advocate of natural selection through a period in which many scientists such as Reginald Punnett doubted its importance.	Edward Bagnall Poulton	20 November 1943
date of death	Alexander Cores (1901-February 5, 1994) was a violinist and founder and first violin of the Dorian String Quartet.	Alexander Cores	1994
date of death	The Reverend Dr Robert Stirling (25 October 1790 -- 6 June 1878) was a Scottish clergyman, and inventor of the Stirling engine.	Robert Stirling	6 June 1878
date of death	Sir James Grant, 1st Baronet (died 1695) was a Scottish lawyer of the seventeenth century.	Sir James Grant, 1st Baronet	1695
date of death	Gwynfor Davies (12 August 1908 - 10 March 1972) was a Welsh cricketer.	Gwynfor Davies	10 March 1972
date of death	Rudolf Ruedemann (October 16, 1864--June 18, 1956) was a German American paleontologist, widely known as an expert in graptolites, enigmatic fossil animals.	Rudolf Ruedemann	1956
date of death	Captain Charles John Philip Cave FRAS, FSA (1 May 1871 -- 8 December 1950) was a meteorologist, a church architectural historian, and a captain in the Royal Engineers.	Charles John Philip Cave	8 December 1950
date of death	David Broadfoot GC (21 July 1899 -- 31 January 1953) was a Scottish seaman awarded the George Cross for his role during the sinking of the MV Princess Victoria.	David Broadfoot	31 January 1953
date of death	Gustaf Flink, born 18 January 1848 in Ås Parish, Skaraborg County, died 11 January 1931, was a Swedish mineralogist.	Gustaf Flink	11 January 1931
date of death	Tom Dardis (1926--2001) was an American author and editor.	Tom Dardis	2001
date of death	Vasile Roaită (1914--16 February 1933) was a Romanian railway worker for Căile Ferate Române, shot during the Griviţa Strike of 1933 and later touted as a proletarian hero under the Communist regime of Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej.	Vasile Roaită	16 February 1933
date of death	Alfred Cowles, Jr. (5 January 1865, Chicago -- 15 January 1939, Chicago) He was the son of Alfred Cowles, Sr. and Sarah Hutchinson Cowles.	Alfred Cowles, Jr.	15 January 1939
date of death	Tung Kuei-sen (1951 - 3 April 1991) was a member of the Taiwan-based United Bamboo Gang.	Tung Kuei-sen	3 April 1991
date of death	Ted Nealon (24 November 1929 -- 28 January 2014) was an Irish Fine Gael politician and journalist.	Ted Nealon	28 January 2014
date of death	General Sir Robert Henry MacFarlane, KCB, GCH (1771--1841) was a British Army officer during the Napoleonic Wars.	Robert Henry MacFarlane	1841
date of death	Dentist Stanley D. Tylman (1893-1982) taught more than 1,000 students at the University of Illinois at Chicago College of Dentistry in his career as a Professor of Dentistry (1920-1962) and head of the Department of Fixed Partial Prosthodontics, and also influenced dentists internationally.	Stanley D. Tylman	1982
date of death	William Mackay Mackenzie (1871--1952) was a Scottish historian, archaeologist and writer, who was Secretary of the Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland between 1913 and 1935, and also an expert on folk-lore.	William Mackay Mackenzie	1952
date of death	Kevin Whyman (4 October 1975 - 1 August 2015) was an English rower, turned air pilot, who died in an aviation accident at the 2015 CarFest.	Kevin Whyman	1 August 2015
date of death	Geertruid Adriaansdochter (?? in Wormer -- 1573 in IJpesloot near Amsterdam), was a Dutch farmer.	Geertruid Adriaansdochter	1573
date of death	Francis X. King (10 January 1934 -- 8 November 1994) was a British occult writer and editor who wrote about tarot, divination, witchcraft, magic, sex magic, tantra, and holistic medicine.	Francis X. King	8 November 1994
date of death	Savitri Khanolkar, born Eve Yvonne Maday de Maros, on July 20, 1913 -- 1990 in Neuchâtel, Switzerland.	Savitri Khanolkar	1990
date of death	Gangadhar Nehru (1827 -- February 1861) was an Indian police officer, who served as the last kotwal of Delhi (Chief of police) in the court of Bahadur Shah II, before the position was abolished following the Indian Rebellion of 1857.	Gangadhar Nehru	1861
date of death	Sir Edward Beauchamp, 1st Baronet (12 April 1849 -- 1 February 1925) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician.	Edward Beauchamp	1 February 1925
date of death	Godfroy Langlois (26 December 1866 -- 6 April 1928) was a politician, a journalist and a lawyer in Quebec.	Godfroy Langlois	6 April 1928
date of death	John Blake (1890 -- 2 September 1960), better known as Bandsman Jack Blake, was a British boxer who became British middleweight champion in 1916.	Bandsman Jack Blake	2 September 1960
date of death	Samuel Eson Johnson Ecoma (29 November 1930 -- 30 August 1999) was a Nigerian jurist and the Chief Judge of Cross River State appointed in March 1990.	Samuel Eson Johnson Ecoma	30 August 1999
date of death	John Reynell (1809--1873) was a South Australian winemaker.	John Reynell	1873
date of death	Friedrich William Adalbert von Bredow (24 May 1814 -- 3 March 1890) was a German cavalry officer.	Adalbert von Bredow	3 March 1890
date of death	Jacometto Veneziano (active 1472--1497), was an Italian painter.	Jacometto Veneziano	1497
date of death	John Hamilton, 1st Marquess of Hamilton (c. 1535 -- 26 April 1604) was a Scottish nobleman.	John Hamilton, 1st Marquess of Hamilton	26 April 1604
date of death	Sir Henry Bagenal PC (c. 1556 -- 14 August 1598) was marshal of the army in Ireland during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I.	Henry Bagenal	14 August 1598
date of death	Sigebert III (c. 630--656/660) was the king of Austrasia from 634 to his death; probably on 1 February 656, or maybe as late as 660.	Sigebert III	1 February 656
date of death	George Henry Bruce Blunt, otherwise known as Bruce Blunt (1 July 1899 -- 8 July 1957) was an English poet, journalist and wine merchant best known for his collaborations with the composer Peter Warlock.	Bruce Blunt	8 July 1957
date of death	Victor Roelens (21 July 1858 -- 5 August 1947) was a Belgian priest who became Vicar Apostolic of Upper Congo in 1895, and remained the premier bishop in the Congo Free State, then the Belgian Congo, until he retired in 1941.	Victor Roelens	5 August 1947
date of death	Givi Amilakhvari (Georgian: გივი ამილახვარი) (1689--1754) was a Georgian nobleman (tavadi) with a prominent role in the politics of eastern Georgia in the first half of the 18th century.	Givi Amilakhvari	1754
date of death	Sir Frederick Dixon-Hartland, 1st Baronet (1 May 1832 -- 15 November 1909) was an antiquary, banker and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1881 to 1909.	Frederick Dixon-Hartland	15 November 1909
date of death	Charles Alfred Matley (1866--1947) was a British paleontologist and geologist in India, the British West Indies and Wales.	Charles Alfred Matley	1947
date of death	Herman Rudolf Günsberg (1827--1879) was a chemist originating in Pidkamin, near Brody who distinguished himself by his fostering of the economic development of Galicia.	Rudolf Günsberg	1879
date of death	Victor Bruns (Russian: Виктор Брунс; 15 August 1904 -- 6 December 1996) was a German composer and bassoonist.	Victor Bruns	6 December 1996
date of death	Heneage Finch, 6th Earl of Aylesford DL (24 December 1824 -- 10 January 1871), styled Lord Guernsey until 1859, was a British peer and politician.	Heneage Finch, 6th Earl of Aylesford	10 January 1871
date of death	John Pennington, 1st Baron Muncaster (c. 1740 -- 8 October 1813), known as John Pennington until 1783, was a British peer and Tory politician.	John Pennington, 1st Baron Muncaster	8 October 1813
date of death	Sir Anthony Kingston (ca. 1508 -- 14 April 1556) was an English royal official, holder of various positions under several Tudor monarchs.	Anthony Kingston	14 April 1556
date of death	Wang Ya (Chinese: 王涯; died December 17, 835), courtesy name Guangjin (廣津), formally Duke of Dai (代公), was an official of the Chinese Tang dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Xianzong and Emperor Xianzong's grandson Emperor Wenzong.	Wang Ya	835
date of death	Hugh Smyth, OBE (1941 -- 12 May 2014) was a Northern Irish politician who was leader of the Progressive Unionist Party.	Hugh Smyth	12 May 2014
date of death	His Majesty Ambrose Ezeolisa Allagoa (1914-2003) was King of Nembe Kingdom from 1980 until his death.	Ezeolisa Allagoa	2003
date of death	Denis Flannery (2 April 1928 -- 12 February 2012) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1940s and 50s.	Denis Flannery	12 February 2012
date of death	Kieron Moore (born Ciarán Ó hAnnracháin Anglicised Kieron O’Hanrahan) (5 October 1924 -- 15 July 2007) was an Irish film and television actor whose career was at its peak in the 1950s and 1960s.	Kieron Moore	15 July 2007
date of death	Laurent-Benoît Dewez (14 April 1731 -- 1 November 1812) was a Belgian architect of Walloon origin.	Laurent-Benoît Dewez	1 November 1812
date of death	General Sir Robert John Hussey Vivian GCB (1802--1887) was a British officer in the Madras infantry from the Vivian family.	Robert John Hussey Vivian	1887
date of death	Giuseppe Vari (9 March 1924 -- 1 October 1993) was an Italian film director, editor and screenwriter.	Giuseppe Vari	1 October 1993
date of death	Erling Falk (12 August 1887 -- 31 July 1940) was a Norwegian politician, ideologist and writer.	Erling Falk	31 July 1940
date of death	Herbert Edward Andrewes (1863, Reading - 1950, Highgate) was an English entomologist who specialised in beetles of the order Coleoptera.	Herbert Edward Andrewes	1950
date of death	The Rt Revd Hollingworth Tully Kingdon DD (known as Tully) was an Anglican bishop, the second Bishop of Fredericton until his death on 13 October 1907.	Tully Kingdon	1907
date of death	Manol Lazarov Sofiyanets (Bulgarian:Манол Лазаров Софиянец) born 1826 and died 1881, was a Bulgarian educationalist, poet and writer based in Sofia.	Manol Lazarov	1881
date of death	M. C. Joshi (1928--1983) from Belgaum, India was a nuclear physicist and the founder and head of the university department of physics, University of Mumbai.	M. C. Joshi	1983
date of death	Maria of Bosnia (German: Maria von Bosnien; Bosnian: Марија, Marija; d. 27 April 1403) was a member of the House of Kotromanić who married into the House of Helfenstein.	Maria of Bosnia	27 April 1403
date of death	Louise Adeline Weitzel (December 2, 1862 -- May 6, 1934) was an American writer of German descent.	Louise Adeline Weitzel	1934
date of death	Abraham Wood (1610--1682), sometimes referred to as ``General'' or ``Colonel'' Wood, was an English fur trader (specifically the beaver and deerskin trades) and explorer of 17th century colonial Virginia.	Abraham Wood	1682
date of death	Ernest Gagnon (7 November 1834 -- 15 September 1915) was a Canadian folklorist, composer, and organist.	Ernest Gagnon	15 September 1915
date of death	Sir Norton Knatchbull, 1st Baronet (26 December 1602 -- 3 February 1685) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1679.	Sir Norton Knatchbull, 1st Baronet	3 February 1685
date of death	Elijah Johnson (c.1789(A) -- April 3, 1849) was an African American who was one of the first colonial agents of the American Colonization Society in what later became Liberia.	Elijah Johnson	1849
date of death	Sir John Maxwell Bemrose (1 July 1904 -- 13 July 1986), known as Sir Max Bemrose, was an English industrialist, politician, and county officer for Derbyshire.	Max Bemrose	13 July 1986
date of death	Ali ibn Yusuf (Arabic: علي بن يوسف‎) (born 1084 died 26 January 1143) was the 5th Almoravid king he reigned 1106--1143.	Ali ibn Yusuf	26 January 1143
date of death	Otto Sander (30 June 1941 -- 12 September 2013) was a German film, theater, and voice actor.	Otto Sander	12 September 2013
date of death	Robert MacCarty, Viscount Muskerry (1698 -- 19 September 1769) was an Irish officer of the Royal Navy, and a colonial administrator.	Robert MacCarty, Viscount Muskerry	19 September 1769
date of death	Gideon Lincecum (22 April 1793 -- 28 November 1874) was an American pioneer, historian, physician, philosopher, and naturalist.	Gideon Lincecum	28 November 1874
date of death	Rosita Beatrice Missick-Butterfield, MBE (14 November 1936 -- 10 January 2015) was a Turks and Caicos Islander who served as the first woman Member of Parliament and Speaker of the House of Assembly of the Turks and Caicos Islands.	Rosita Beatrice Missick-Butterfield	10 January 2015
date of death	Julius Ernst Rautenstein (ca. 1590-95; after 6 March 1654) was a German composer.	Julius Ernst Rautenstein	1654
date of death	Sister Gertrude Morgan (April 7, 1900 -- July 8, 1980) was a self taught African American artist, musician, poet and preacher.	Gertrude Morgan	1980
date of death	Betty Duvall (1845--1891) was a Confederate spy during the American Civil War.	Betty Duvall	1891
date of death	Ne Win (Burmese: နေဝင်း IPA: (ne wɪɴ); 14 May 1910 -- 5 December 2002) was a Burmese politician and military commander.	Ne Win	5 December 2002
date of death	Otto Wood (1894 -- Dec. 31, 1930) was a Depression-era desperado, born in Wilkes County, N.C. in 1894.	Otto Wood	1930
date of death	David G. Goodman (12 February 1946 -- 25 July 2011) was an American academic, author, editor and Japanologist.	David G. Goodman	25 July 2011
date of death	Helene Anna Held (19 March 1872 -- 12 August 1918), known professionally as Anna Held, was a Polish-born French stage performer and singer, most often associated with impresario Florenz Ziegfeld, her common-law husband.	Anna Held	12 August 1918
date of death	Charles Bocquet (13 December 1918 -- 19 June 1977) was a French biologist, Professor of the Université de Paris and an expert on crustaceans.	Charles Bocquet	1977
date of death	Father Sergei Spytetsky (Polish: Sergiusz Spytecki) (12 July 1877- 28 August 1963) was an Orthodox (and later Greek-Catholic) priest.	Sergei Spytetsky	28 August 1963
date of death	Louisa Jo Killen (né Louis Killen; 10 January 1934 -- 9 August 2013) was an English folk singer from Gateshead, Tyneside.	Louisa Jo Killen	9 August 2013
date of death	Harold Trowbridge Pulsifer (born November 18, 1886 Manchester, Connecticut - 1948 Sarasota, Florida) was an American poet and magazine editor.	Harold Trowbridge Pulsifer	1948
date of death	Revaz Gabashvili (Georgian: რევაზ გაბაშვილი) (November 6, 1882 -- 1969) was a Georgian politician and writer involved in the independence movement and revolutionary journalism in the early 20th century.	Revaz Gabashvili	1969
date of death	Freddie Tavares (1913--1990) was an American musician and inventor.	Freddie Tavares	1990
date of death	Axel Erik Heinrichs (21 July 1890 -- 16 November 1965) was a Finnish military general.	Erik Heinrichs	16 November 1965
date of death	Joseph Quinn (c. 1861-July 5, 1887) was a New York clerk, amateur wrestler and murder victim of Danny Lyons, a co-leader of the Whyos street gang.	Joseph Quinn	1887
date of death	Johann Lukas Legrand (or Jean-Luc Le Grand; 30 May 1755 -- 4 October 1836) was a Swiss silk ribbon manufacturer and politician at the time of the Helvetic Republic.	Johann Lukas Legrand	4 October 1836
date of death	On 30 March 2012, at 3:24 in the morning Nepali time, Tenga Rinpoche died.	Tenga Rinpoche	30 March 2012
date of death	John Drummond, 2nd Earl of Perth (1588 -- 11 June 1662) was a Scottish nobleman.	John Drummond, 2nd Earl of Perth	11 June 1662
date of death	Rombout Verhulst (15 January 1624 -- buried 27 November 1698) was a Flemish sculptor and draughtsman who spent most of his career in the Dutch Republic.	Rombout Verhulst	27 November 1698
date of death	Dudley Mecum (1896--1978) was an American pianist, vocalist and songwriter.	Dudley Mecum	1978
date of death	István Szelmár, also known in Slovene as Števan Selmar (23 October 1820 -- 15 February 1877) was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest and writer in the Kingdom of Hungary.	István Szelmár	15 February 1877
date of death	Daniel Gralath (30 May 1708 -- 23 July 1767) was a physicist and a mayor of Danzig.	Daniel Gralath	23 July 1767
date of death	Stephen Decatur Hatch (b. 1839 - d. 1894) was a prominent late-19th century architect who was responsible for a number of historically or architecturally significant buildings in Manhattan, New York City and elsewhere.	Stephen Decatur Hatch	1894
date of death	Alfred Hoppe (6 June 1830 -- 15 April 1919) was an English cricketer active in the 1850s.	Alfred Hoppe	15 April 1919
date of death	Anastasios Metaxas (Greek: Αναστάσιος Μεταξάς, 27 February 1862 -- 28 January 1937) was a Greek architect and shooter.	Anastasios Metaxas	28 January 1937
date of death	Oliver Perry-Smith (October 11, 1884 in Philadelphia -- 13 May 1969) was an American rock climber, mountaineer and skier who moved to Dresden in 1902 to attend a technical university.	Oliver Perry-Smith	13 May 1969
date of death	Charles Upham Shepard (born in Little Compton, Rhode Island, 29 June 1804; died in Charleston, South Carolina, 1 May 1886) was an American mineralogist.	Charles Upham Shepard	1 May 1886
date of death	Henry Olaf Hoff (14 July 1912 -- 25 June 2011) was a Norwegian welder, trade unionist and politician for the Communist and Labour parties.	Henry Olaf Hoff	25 June 2011
date of death	Mountague Bernard (January 28, 1820 -- 1882) was an English international lawyer.	Mountague Bernard	1882
date of death	Martin Schaffner (1478--1548) was a German painter and medallist.	Martin Schaffner	1548
date of death	Sergio Peresson (1913--1991) was an Italian-born violin maker.	Sergio Peresson	1991
date of death	Arthur Greiner (1884 Chicago, Illinois -- 15 Dec 1916 Chicago, Illinois) was an American racecar driver, and historically the first to finish last in the Indianapolis 500.	Arthur Greiner	1916
date of death	Shakir Hassan Al Said (Arabic: شاكر حسن ال سعيد‎) (1925--2004), an Iraqi painter, sculptor and writer, is considered one of Iraq's most innovative and influential artists.	Shakir Hassan Al Said	2004
date of death	Sir Isaac Wolfson, 1st Baronet FRS (17 September 1897 -- 20 June 1991) was a Scottish businessman and philanthropist.	Isaac Wolfson	20 June 1991
date of death	Merga Bien (late 1560s -- 1603) was a German woman convicted of witchcraft and perhaps the most famous of the victims in the Fulda witch trials in 1603--1605.	Merga Bien	1603
date of death	Peregrine Hoby (1 September 1602 -- 6 May 1679), was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1679.	Peregrine Hoby	6 May 1679
date of death	Russell Bulgin (1958--2002) was an automotive journalist.	Russell Bulgin	2002
date of death	Raymond Yellow Thunder (January 1, 1921 -- February 13, 1972) was an Oglala Lakota, born in Kyle, South Dakota, on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.	Raymond Yellow Thunder	1972
date of death	Tofail Ahmed (1920 at Baralia village, Lakshmipur District in Bangladesh -- 2002 in Dhaka, Bangladesh) was a well-known Bangladeshi researcher of Folk Art. He was also a collector of Folk artifacts and has authored several books on Bangladeshi Folk arts and Crafts.	Tofail Ahmed	2002
date of death	Daniel Rudge (1840 -- June 26, 1880) was a British engineer who built high-end bicycles and velocipedes.	Daniel Rudge	1880
date of death	Margaret Sanborn (1915--2005) was an American writer and biographer of Robert E. Lee and Mark Twain (aka Samuel Clemens).	Margaret Sanborn	2005
date of death	Richard Henry Coleman (3 April 1888 -- 17 February 1965) was a cathedral organist, who served at Peterborough Cathedral.	Richard Henry Coleman	17 February 1965
date of death	Chris Canavan (1928/1929 -- 1 March 2013) was a British television and stage actor.	Chris Canavan	1 March 2013
date of death	Mohammad Nabi Mohammadi died in Pakistani hospital on 21 April 2002.	Mohammad Nabi Mohammadi	21 April 2002
date of death	Alexander Rudolf Hohlfeld (born December 29, 1865 in Dresden, Saxony (Germany), died 1956 in Wisconsin) was a professor of German at the University of Wisconsin from 1901 until 1936.	Alexander Rudolf Hohlfeld	1956
date of death	Sir John de Grey (died 1266) was an English soldier and High Sheriff.	Sir John de Grey	1266
date of death	William Henry Leatham (6 July 1815 - 14 November 1889) was a British banker, poet and Liberal politician.	William Henry Leatham	14 November 1889
date of death	James Sheridan Muspratt (8 March 1821 -- 3 February 1871) was a research chemist and teacher.	James Sheridan Muspratt	3 February 1871
date of death	Edmee Sophie Gail née Garre (b. 28 August 1775, d. 24 July 1819) was a French singer and composer.	Sophie Gail	24 July 1819
date of death	Wayne England (died 9 February 2016) was an English artist whose work regularly appeared in role-playing games, wargaming rulebooks and magazines and was used on cards for collectible card games such as Magic:	Wayne England	9 February 2016
date of death	Leslie Armour (9 March 1931 -- 1 November 2014) was a Canadian-born philosopher and writer on social economics.	Leslie Armour	1 November 2014
date of death	Spencer Rodney, 5th Baron Rodney (30 April 1785 -- 15 May 1846) was an English peer and clergyman, styled The Honourable Spencer Rodney from 1802 until 1843.	Spencer Rodney, 5th Baron Rodney	15 May 1846
date of death	Walter Gorn (24 September 1898 -- 10 July 1968) was a German general, serving during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern).	Walter Gorn	10 July 1968
date of death	Anastasius (Greek: Ἀρτέμιος Ἀναστάσιος Β΄), known in English as Anastasios II or Anastasius II (died 719), was the Byzantine Emperor from 713 to 715.	Anastasios II	719
date of death	Sir William Robertson Nicoll CH (10 October 1851 -- 4 May 1923) was a Scottish Free Church minister, journalist, editor, and man of letters.	William Robertson Nicoll	4 May 1923
date of death	Sir Thomas Manly Deane (1851 -- 1933) was an Irish architect, the son of Sir Thomas Newenham Deane and grandson of Sir Thomas Deane, who were also architects.	Thomas Manly Deane	1933
date of death	Jakob Wimpfeling (25 July 1450 -- 17 November 1528) was a Renaissance humanist and theologian.	Jakob Wimpfeling	17 November 1528
date of death	Musa McKim Guston, née McKim (August 23, 1908 -- March 30, 1992), was a painter and poet.	Musa McKim	1992
date of death	Erol Güney (born Mikhael Rottenberg; 29 August 1914 -- 12 October 2009) was a Turkish-Israeli journalist, translator and author.	Erol Güney	12 October 2009
date of death	Pierre Alphonse de Tonty, or Alphonse de Tonty, Baron de Paludy (ca. 1659 -- 10 November 1727) was an officer who served under the French explorer Cadillac and helped establish the first European settlement at Detroit, Michigan, Fort Pontchartrain du Detroit on the Detroit River in 1701.	Alphonse de Tonty	1727
date of death	Sir Alfred Henry Thesiger (15 July 1838 -- 20 October 1880), styled The Hon. Alfred Thesiger from 1858 to 1877 and The Rt Hon. Lord Justice Thesiger from 1877, was a British lawyer and judge.	Alfred Thesiger	20 October 1880
date of death	Mary Frith (c. 1584 -- 26 July 1659), alias Moll (or Mal) Cutpurse, was a notorious pickpocket and fence of the London underworld.	Mary Frith	26 July 1659
date of death	Captain Levett Landon Boscawen Ibbetson (1799 -- 8 September 1869) was an English 19th century geologist, inventor, organiser and soldier.	Levett Landon Boscawen Ibbetson	8 September 1869
date of death	Cyril Morley Shelford (1921 -- 2001) was a rancher, author and political figure in British Columbia.	Cyril Morley Shelford	2001
date of death	Ahmed Mohamed Mahmoud (ca. 1974 -- 4 February 2011) was an Egyptian print reporter for the newspaper Al Tawuun, which is distributed by state-run Al-Ahram.	Ahmed Mohamed Mahmoud	4 February 2011
date of death	George S. Phalen (2 December 1911, Peoria, Illinois -- 14 April 1998, Dallas) was an American hand surgeon remembered for his work on carpal tunnel syndrome including his description of Phalen's maneuver.	George S. Phalen	14 April 1998
date of death	Shneur Zalman Fradkin of Lublin (1830--1902), also known as the Toras Chessed (after his main work) or The Liader (after his place of birth), was a famous Chabad posek and gaon.	Shneur Zalman Fradkin	1902
date of death	Max Finkelstein (died 1940) was a captain in the New York City Police Department.	Max Finkelstein	1940
date of death	Jacopo de' Barbari, sometimes known or referred to as de'Barbari, de Barberi, de Barbari, Barbaro, Barberino, Barbarigo or Barberigo (c. 1460/70 -- before 1516), was an Italian painter and printmaker with a highly individual style.	Jacopo de' Barbari	1516
date of death	Franz Behr (22 July 1837 -- 15 February 1898) was a prolific, but minor, and now almost forgotten, German composer of songs and salon pieces for piano.	Franz Behr	15 February 1898
date of death	Fu Dingyi (Chinese: 符定一; pinyin: Fú Dìngyī; 12 December 1877 -- 3 May 1958) was a Chinese educator and scholar.	Fu Dingyi	3 May 1958
date of death	Atle Jebsen (10 November 1935 -- 13 October 2009) was a Norwegian businessperson and ship-owner.	Atle Jebsen	13 October 2009
date of death	Jakob Zeugheer (known also as J. Z. Herrmann), (born Zürich 20 July 1803; died Liverpool 15 June 1865) was a Swiss violinist, conductor and composer.	Jakob Zeugheer	15 June 1865
date of death	Yamuna Karjee (1898-1953) was an Indian independence activist.	Yamuna Karjee	1953
date of death	Jules Jacot-Guillarmod (24 December 1868 -- 5 June 1925) was a Swiss doctor, mountaineer and photographer.	Jules Jacot-Guillarmod	5 June 1925
date of death	Virginia Livingston (1906--1990) was an American physician and cancer researcher who advocated the unsupported theory that a specific species of bacteria she named Progenitor cryptocides was the primary cause of cancer in humans.	Virginia Livingston	1990
date of death	Radomir Pavitchevitch (died 24 July 2005) was a French legionnaire, veteran of World War II. He enlisted for five years on 9 December 1931, and was assigned to the 2nd Foreign Legion Regiment at Oujda, Algeria.	Radomir Pavitchevitch	24 July 2005
date of death	``Shorty'' George Snowden (July 4, 1904 -- May 1982) was an American dancer in Harlem during the 1920s and 1930s.	George Snowden	1982
date of death	James Chester Manifold (10 February 1867 -- 30 October 1918) was an Australian politician and philanthropist.	James Chester Manifold	30 October 1918
date of death	Ralph Cornall (17 March 1894 -- 19 October 1984) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ralph Cornall	19 October 1984
date of death	Richard Bellings (1613--1677) was a lawyer and political figure in 17th century Ireland and in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.	Richard Bellings	1677
date of death	Mufti Mahmood Hasan Gangohi (1907--1996) was an Indian Mufti and Islamic scholar.	Mahmood Hasan Gangohi	1996
date of death	Barry Coward (22 February 1941-17 March 2011) was professor of history at Birkbeck College, University of London, and an expert on the Stuart age.	Barry Coward	17 March 2011
date of death	Luigi Carpaneda (28 November 1925 -- 14 December 2011) was an Italian fencer and sailor.	Luigi Carpaneda	14 December 2011
date of death	Major-General James Robert Brunker (22 December 1806 -- 24 March 1869) was Commander of British Troops in China and Hong Kong.	James Robert Brunker	24 March 1869
date of death	Kalevi Hämäläinen (13 December 1932 -- 10 January 2005) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Kalevi Hämäläinen	10 January 2005
date of death	Björn J:son Lindh (born Björn Lindh; 25 October 1944 -- 21 December 2013) was a Swedish flautist, pianist, music arranger, composer and artist.	Björn J:son Lindh	21 December 2013
date of death	Richard Davis Anderson, Sr. (17 February 1922 -- 4 March 2008) was an American mathematician known internationally for his work in infinite-dimensional topology.	Richard Davis Anderson	4 March 2008
date of death	Humphrey Lestocq (23 January 1919 -- 29 January 1984) was a British actor, best known for his roles in Angels One Five (1952) and The Long Shadow (1961), and guest appearances in the television series, The Avengers.	Humphrey Lestocq	29 January 1984
date of death	Stelios Perpiniadis (Greek: Στέλιος Περπινιάδης, 1899 -- 4 September 1977), better known as Stellakis (Greek: Στελλάκης), was a Greek folk musician who wrote, sang, and played guitar in the rebetiko style.	Stelios Perpiniadis	4 September 1977
date of death	Antonio Draghi (ca. 1634 -- 16 January 1700) was a Baroque composer.	Antonio Draghi	16 January 1700
date of death	Lockie Wood (4 November 1904 -- 3 March 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Lockie Wood	3 March 1990
date of death	Sir Arthur South (29 October 1914 -- 28 January 2003) was a prominent Norfolk politician and administrator in the 1970s.	Arthur South	28 January 2003
date of death	Silvestro Durante (died 1672) was an Italian church musician and composer.	Silvestro Durante	1672
date of death	Ambrose Harris (29 October 1902 -- 1952) was an English professional footballer who played in a number of positions, mainly as a half-back.	Ambrose Harris	1952
date of death	Basil Lam (1914 - 4 March 1984) was an English early music scholar and harpsichordist.	Basil Lam	4 March 1984
date of death	Barbara of Brandenburg (30 May 1464 -- 4 September 1515), a member of the German House of Hohenzollern, was by birth Margravine of Brandenburg and by her two marriages Duchess of Głogów from 1472 to 1476 and Queen of Bohemia from 1476 to 1490/1500.	Barbara of Brandenburg	4 September 1515
date of death	Josep Maria Puig Doria (died 2006) was a Spanish jeweller.	Josep Maria Puig Doria	2006
date of death	Thomas O'Hagan, 1st Baron O'Hagan KP, PC, QC (29 May 1812 -- 1 February 1885), was an Irish lawyer and judge.	Thomas O'Hagan, 1st Baron O'Hagan	1 February 1885
date of death	Wong Ah Kiu (1918 -- 19 January 2006), legally known as Nyonya binti Tahir, was a Malaysian woman born to a Muslim family but raised Buddhist.	Wong Ah Kiu	19 January 2006
date of death	Maio of Bari (Italian: Maione da Bari) (died 10 November 1160) was the third of the great admirals of Sicily and the most important man in the Norman kingdom of Sicily during the reign of William I (1154--66).	Maio of Bari	10 November 1160
date of death	Henry Perigal, Jr. FRAS MRI (1 April 1801 -- 6 June 1898) was a British stockbroker and amateur mathematician, known for his dissection-based proof of the Pythagorean theorem and for his unorthodox belief that the moon does not rotate.	Henry Perigal	6 June 1898
date of death	Roy John Britten (1 October 1919 -- 21 January 2012) was an American molecular biologist known for his discovery of repeated DNA sequences in the genomes of eukaryotic organisms, and later on the evolution of the genome.	Roy John Britten	21 January 2012
date of death	Antonello da Messina, properly Antonello di Giovanni di Antonio, but also called Antonello degli Antoni (c. 1430 -- February 1479), was an Italian painter from Messina, Sicily, active during the Italian Renaissance.	Antonello da Messina	1479
date of death	Giovanni Pietro de Pomis (ca.1565 or 1569/70 -- 6 March 1633) was an Italian painter, medailleur, architect and fortress master builder.	Giovanni Pietro de Pomis	6 March 1633
date of death	Thomas Friedrich Zobel von Giebelstadt und Darstadt (1799 - 12 July 1869) was an Austrian lieutenant feldmarshal.	Friedrich Zobel	12 July 1869
date of death	Heywood Hardy (1842-1933) was an English painter, especially known for his hunting motifs.	Heywood Hardy	1933
date of death	William McGibbon (April 1690, in Glasgow, Scotland -- 3 October 1756) was a Scottish composer and violinist.	William McGibbon	3 October 1756
date of death	K. S. Narayanaswamy, (born Koduvayur Sivarama Narayanaswamy, Tamil: கொடுவயூர் சிவராம நாராயணஸ்வாமி ; 27 September 1914 -- 1999) was a Carnatic veena exponent of the Thanjavur style, in which nuances and subtleties are given more importance over rhythm based acrobatics.	K. S. Narayanaswamy	1999
date of death	Yahya El Mashad (Arabic: يحيى المشد‎; u1932 -- 14 June 1980) was an Egyptian nuclear scientist who headed the Iraqi nuclear program.	Yahya El Mashad	14 June 1980
date of death	James Mann, 5th Earl Cornwallis (20 September 1778 -- 21 May 1852), known as James Cornwallis until 1814 and as James Mann between 1814 and 1823 and styled Viscount Brome between 1823 and 1824, was a British peer and Tory politician.	James Mann, 5th Earl Cornwallis	21 May 1852
date of death	Spencer Smith-White (14 April 1909 -- 26 March 1998) was an Australian botanist, winner of the Clarke Medal in 1967.	Spencer Smith-White	26 March 1998
date of death	Harry C. Solomon (1889--1982), an American neurologist, psychiatrist, researcher, administrator, and clinician, was among the first to advocate for major changes in public psychiatry.	Harry C. Solomon	1982
date of death	Oktay Sinanoğlu (25 February 1935-19 April 2015) was an internationally renowned Turkish scientist of physical chemistry, molecular biophysics and biochemistry.	Oktay Sinanoğlu	19 April 2015
date of death	Rudolf Kaiser (10 September 1922 -- 11 September 1991) was a designer of gliders who worked for Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co. The designs of Rudolf Kaiser have proven themselves for over 50 years all over the world.	Rudolf Kaiser	11 September 1991
date of death	Anton Christoforidis (Greek: Αντώνης Χριστοφορίδης) (26 May 1917 -- 31 October 1985) was a Greek professional light heavyweight boxer.	Anton Christoforidis	31 October 1985
date of death	Paul Abraham (Hungarian: Ábrahám Pál; 2 November 1892 -- 6 May 1960) was a composer of operettas.	Paul Abraham	6 May 1960
date of death	Henry William Pickersgill RA (3 December 1782 -- 21 April 1875) was an English painter specialising in portraits.	Henry William Pickersgill	21 April 1875
date of death	Inta Ezergailis (11 September 1932 in Riga, Latvia -- 1 January 2005, in Ithaca, New York), was a Latvian American professor emerita of German literature at Cornell University from 1969 to 1999, specializing in Thomas Mann and contemporary women writers.	Inta Ezergailis	1 January 2005
date of death	Arthur Tracy (25 June 1899 -- 5 October 1997) was an American vocalist, billed as The Street Singer.	Arthur Tracy	5 October 1997
date of death	Percy Abercrombie (1 January 1884 -- 22 May 1964) was an Australian rules footballer of the 1900s who played with Essendon and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Percy Abercrombie	22 May 1964
date of death	William Roy McGregor (8 July 1894 -- 1 June 1977) was a New Zealand zoologist and conservationist who was successful in halting forestry in the Waipoua forest and establishing the forest as a protected sanctuary.	William Roy McGregor	1 June 1977
date of death	Henry Holland, 3rd Duke of Exeter (27 June 1430 -- September 1475) was a Lancastrian leader during the English Wars of the Roses.	Henry Holland, 3rd Duke of Exeter	September 1475
date of death	Josephine Bell, pseudonym of Doris Bell Collier, (8 December 1897--24 April 1987), was an English physician and writer.	Josephine Bell	24 April 1987
date of death	Helen Bright Clark (1840--1927) was a British women's rights activist and suffragist.	Helen Bright Clark	1927
date of death	John Norman Heathcote (21 June 1863 -- 16 July 1946) was a British author, watercolourist and photographer, best remembered for his book St Kilda, published in 1900, about the Scottish Hebridean archipelago of St Kilda.	Norman Heathcote	16 July 1946
date of death	Julio Irigoyen (born 1 July 1894 - 29 August 1967 Buenos Aires) was an Argentine film director.	Julio Irigoyen	29 August 1967
date of death	Robert Orlando Morgan (1865 -- 16 May 1956) was an English music teacher, composer and musicologist.	Orlando Morgan	16 May 1956
date of death	Eliyahu Hacarmeli (Hebrew: אליהו הכרמלי‎, born Eliyahu Lulu; 1 August 1891 -- 21 December 1952) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset from 1949 until 1952.	Eliyahu Hacarmeli	21 December 1952
date of death	Karl Heinrich Ulrichs (28 August 1825 -- 14 July 1895) was a German writer who is seen today as the pioneer of the modern gay rights movement.	Karl Heinrich Ulrichs	14 July 1895
date of death	Johann Gottfried Koehler (15 December 1745 -- 19 September 1801) was a German astronomer who discovered a number of nebulae, star clusters, and galaxies.	Johann Gottfried Koehler	19 September 1801
date of death	Euan Dickson DSC and bar, DFC (31 March 1892 -- 10 March 1980) was a British born New Zealander bomber pilot in the First World War.	Euan Dickson	10 March 1980
date of death	Lawrence Anthony (17 September 1950 -- 2 March 2012) was an international conservationist, environmentalist, explorer and bestselling author.	Lawrence Anthony	2 March 2012
date of death	Annibale Brugnoli (22 February 1843 -- 11 December 1915) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre and historical pieces, in oil and fresco.	Annibale Brugnoli	11 December 1915
date of death	The Rev. Edward Marsden (1869-1932) was a Canadian-American missionary and member of the Tsimshian nation who became the first Alaska Native to be ordained in the ministry.	Edward Marsden	1932
date of death	Patrocinio Gamboa (30 April 1865 -- 24 November 1953) was a Filipino revolutionary notable for her participation in the Philippine Revolution.	Patrocinio Gamboa	24 November 1953
date of death	Sabata Jonguhlanga Dalindyebo (1928--1986) was the ruler of the Thembu people of South Africa.	Sabata Jonguhlanga Dalindyebo	1986
date of death	Ramachandra Mohapatra (1 January 1905 -- 5 May 1975) was born on 1 January 1905 in a village called Sailo Jharapada, 35 kilometres from Cuttack, Odisha and was a freedom fighter.	Ramachandra Mohapatra	5 May 1975
date of death	Larbi Benbarek or Larbi Ben Mbarek (Arabic: لعربي بن مبارك‎ -- also known as the Black Pearl; born 16 June 1914 -- died 16 September 1992) was a Moroccan football player recognized as the first successful African player in Europe.	Larbi Benbarek	16 September 1992
date of death	Emelia Christine Schaub (1891-1995) was a lawyer who was Michigan's first elected woman prosecutor, the first woman in the United States to successfully defend a murder trial.	Emelia Christine Schaub	1995
date of death	Carlo Campanini (5 October 1906 -- 20 November 1984), was an Italian actor, singer and comedian.	Carlo Campanini	20 November 1984
date of death	Lyle Shelton (1934--2010) was an American aviator who set the world's absolute propeller-driven 3-kilometer speed record of 528.329 mph.	Lyle Shelton	2010
date of death	Anthoni van Noordt (ca. 1619 -- 23 March 1675) was a Dutch composer and organist.	Anthoni van Noordt	March 1675
date of death	Jack Finck (21 January 1930 -- 31 October 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1950s.	Jack Finck	31 October 2012
date of death	Jan Pouwer (21 September 1924, Dordrecht -- 21 April 2010, Zwolle) was a Dutch anthropologist with a thorough grounding in his profession in terms of fieldwork and theory.	Jan Pouwer	21 April 2010
date of death	Pery Ribeiro (27 October 1937 -- 24 February 2012) was a Brazilian singer of bossa nova, MPB and jazz, active as a singer from 1959 until shortly before his death.	Pery Ribeiro	24 February 2012
date of death	Mary Knowles (1733--1807), née Morris, was an English Quaker poet and abolitionist.	Mary Knowles	1807
date of death	Richard Stock (1569 -- 1626) was an English clergyman and one of the Puritan founders of the Feoffees for Impropriations.	Richard Stock	1626
date of death	Clemens August of Bavaria (German: Clemens August von Bayern) (17 August 1700 -- 6 February 1761) was a member of the Wittelsbach dynasty of Bavaria and Archbishop-Elector of Cologne.	Clemens August of Bavaria	6 February 1761
date of death	Mephan Ferguson (25 July 1843 -- 2 November 1919) was an Australian manufacturer, particularly of water supply pipes, notably for the pipleline to the Western Australian goldfields.	Mephan Ferguson	2 November 1919
date of death	Giovanni Angelo Montorsoli (1507 -- 31 August 1563), also known as Giovanni Agnolo Montorsoli, was a Florentine sculptor and Servite friar.	Giovanni Angelo Montorsoli	31 August 1563
date of death	Emanuel Litvinoff (5 May 1915 -- 24 September 2011) was a British writer and well-known figure in Anglo-Jewish literature, known for novels, short stories, poetry, plays and human rights campaigning.	Emanuel Litvinoff	24 September 2011
date of death	Kosmas Balanos (Greek: Κοσμάς Μπαλάνος) (1731--1808) was a Greek mathematician, author and school director.	Kosmas Balanos	1808
date of death	Menelaus of Alexandria (/ˌmɛnɪˈleɪəs/; Greek: Μενέλαος, Menelaos; c. 70 -- 140 CE) was a Greek mathematician and astronomer, the first to recognize geodesics on a curved surface as natural analogs of straight lines.	Menelaus of Alexandria	140
date of death	Ann Quin (born 17 March 1936 in Brighton, Sussex -- ? August 1973) was a British writer noted for her experimental style.	Ann Quin	1973
date of death	Richard Óge Martyn (c. 1602 -- 1648) was a Galway lawyer and member of the Catholic Confederates of Ireland.	Richard Óge Martyn	1648
date of death	Ferdinando Baldi (19 May 1927 -- 12 November 2007) was an Italian film director, film producer and screenwriter.	Ferdinando Baldi	12 November 2007
date of death	Robert Crichton, 6th Lord Crichton of Sanquhar, (died 1561) was the son of William Crichton, 5th Lord Crichton of Sanquhar and Elizabeth Fleming, daughter of Malcolm Fleming, 3rd Lord Fleming.	Robert Crichton, 6th Lord Crichton of Sanquhar	1561
date of death	Abdülaziz of the Ottoman Empire or Abdülaziz I (Ottoman Turkish: عبد العزيز / `Abdü’l-`Azīz, Turkish: I. Abdülaziz; 9 February 1830 -- 4 June 1876) was the 32nd Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and reigned between 25 June 1861 and 30 May 1876.	Abdülaziz of the Ottoman Empire	4 June 1876
date of death	Alberto Giacometti (Italian pronunciation: (alˈbɛrto dʒakoˈmetti); 10 October 1901 -- 11 January 1966) was a Swiss sculptor, painter, draughtsman and printmaker.	Alberto Giacometti	11 January 1966
date of death	Sophie of Saxe-Lauenburg (born: before 1444; died: 9 September 1473) was a Duchess of Saxe-Lauenburg by birth and by marriage Duchess of Jülich-Berg.	Sophie of Saxe-Lauenburg	9 September 1473
date of death	Ahmet Haşim (also written as Ahmed Hâşim; احمد هاشم ; 1884? -- 4 June 1933) was an influential Turkish poet of the early 20th century.	Ahmet Haşim	4 June 1933
date of death	Euphrosina Heldina von Dieffenau, or Heldin (died 1636), was a Swedish courtier.	Euphrosina Heldina von Dieffenau	1636
date of death	Kyaw Zaw (Burmese: ‌ကျော်ဇော, (tɕɔ̀ zɔ́); 3 December 1919 -- 10 October 2012) was one of the founders of the Tatmadaw (the modern Burmese Army) and a member of the legendary ``Thirty Comrades'' who trained in Japan in the struggle for independence from Britain.	Kyaw Zaw	10 October 2012
date of death	Bernard Charles Cotton (1905 -- 3 May 1966) was an Australian malacologist and museum curator of British origin.	Bernard Charles Cotton	3 May 1966
date of death	Bernard Bennett (31 August 1931 -- 12 January 2002) was an English professional player of snooker and English billiards, whose career spanned twenty-six years between 1969 and 1995.	Bernard Bennett	12 January 2002
date of death	Gottfried Lengnich (Polish: Gotfryd Lengnich) (4 December 1689 -- 28 April 1774) was an 18th-century historian, lawyer and politician.	Gottfried Lengnich	28 April 1774
date of death	Mark Schwed (1956 -- 31 January 2008) was an American television critic and journalist.	Mark Schwed	31 January 2008
date of death	Leslie Rubinstein (Pueblo, CO, June 21, 1939 -- Glenview, IL, September 22, 2007) was an American music critic and journalist.	Leslie Rubinstein	2007
date of death	Jeremiah Langhorne (died 1742) was a prominent landowner and jurist in colonial Pennsylvania.	Jeremiah Langhorne	1742
date of death	Ernst Lerch (19 November 1914 -- 1997) was one of the most important men of Operation Reinhard (German: Aktion Reinhard), responsible for ``Jewish affairs'' and the mass murder of the Jews in the General Government (Generalgouvernement).	Ernst Lerch	1997
date of death	Yves Nicolazic (1591--1645) was the Breton peasant who said he saw Saint Anne, the mother of the Virgin Mary, having unearthed a previously forgotten statue of Saint Anne in his field.	Yves Nicolazic	1645
date of death	Sir Samuel Eyre (1633 -- 12 September 1698), was an English judge.	Samuel Eyre	12 September 1698
date of death	Rev. Albert Edward Smith (October 20, 1871--1947) was a Canadian religious leader and politician.	Albert Edward Smith	1947
date of death	Charles Aimé Halpin was the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada from 12 December 1973 until his death 16 April 1994.	Charles Aimé Halpin	16 April 1994
date of death	Walter Edward Kittel, often known as Walter Edwards, (1880--1922) was an early pioneer in American aviation in the Pacific Northwest.	Walter Edward Kittel	1922
date of death	John L. LeFlore (1903--1976) was a civil rights leader and politician in Mobile, Alabama.	John L. LeFlore	1976
date of death	Jan I of Opole (Polish: Jan I Opolski) (1410/1413 -- 5 September 1439) was a Duke of Opole since 1437 (with his brother as co-ruler).	Jan I of Opole	1439
date of death	William Willsher (12 October 1814 (baptised) -- 30 November 1861) was an English cricketer who played for Kent.	William Willsher	30 November 1861
date of death	Juris Podnieks drowned on 23 June 1992 while scuba-diving in a lake in Courland.	Juris Podnieks	23 June 1992
date of death	Roger Leyburn (died 1508) was an English churchman and academic, Master of Pembroke Hall, Cambridge, archdeacon of Durham and bishop of Carlisle.	Roger Leyburn	1508
date of death	Peter Mundy (fl. 1600 -- 1667) was a seventeenth-century British merchant trader, traveller and writer.	Peter Mundy	1667
date of death	Edward William Terrick Hamilton (26 November 1809 -- 28 September 1898) was a British businessman and politician who spent fifteen years as a pastoralist in New South Wales.	Edward William Terrick Hamilton	28 September 1898
date of death	René Mugica (8 August 1909 -- 3 May 1998) was an Argentine actor, film director and screenwriter.	René Mugica	3 May 1998
date of death	Galindo Mellado Cruz (18 April 1973 -- 9 May 2014), commonly referred to by his alias El Mellado and/or Z-9, was a Mexican drug lord and one of the founders of Los Zetas, a criminal organization originally formed by ex-commandos from the Mexican Armed Forces.	Galindo Mellado Cruz	9 May 2014
date of death	Major-General Sir William Bellairs KCMG CB, (28 August 1823 -- 24 July 1913) was a British army officer.	William Bellairs	24 July 1913
date of death	George Langton Hodgkinson (Kentish Town, 13 February 1837 -- 16 February 1915, Wotton-under-Edge, Gloucestershire) was an Anglican clergyman.	George Langton Hodgkinson	16 February 1915
date of death	Longchen Rabjampa, Drimé Özer (Wylie: klong chen rab 'byams pa dri med 'od zer), commonly abbreviated to Longchenpa (1308--1364), was a major teacher in the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism.	Longchenpa	1364
date of death	Dubh Essa Níc Eidhin, Queen of Moylurg, died 1187.	Dubh Essa Níc Eidhin	1187
date of death	Mohan Dharia (14 February 1925 - 14 October 2013) was a former Union minister, a lawyer and social worker.	Mohan Dharia	14 October 2013
date of death	Father Morton A. Hill, S.J. (1917-1985) was a leader of the campaign against pornography in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s.	Morton A. Hill	1985
date of death	Nicholas Orontony (c. 1695--1750) was an 18th-century Wyandot leader who, in the years before the French and Indian War, tried to escape the domination of New France over Native people in the Detroit region by resettling in the Ohio country and forming an anti-French tribal coalition.	Nicholas Orontony	1750
date of death	Jean-Gilles Delcour (1632--1695), is a walloon painter of religious subjects, was born at Hamoir, near Liège.	Jean-Gilles Delcour	1695
date of death	Kara Mahmud Pasha (Turkish: Kara Mahmud Paşa, fl. 1749--22 September 1796) was a hereditary Ottoman governor (mutasarrıf) of the Sanjak of Scutari (known in historiography as Pashalik of Scutari), belonging to the Ottoman Albanian Bushati family (Buşatlı).	Kara Mahmud Pasha	22 September 1796
date of death	Martin Rasmussen Hjelmen (24 January 1904 -- 30 May 1944) was a Norwegian sailor and communist activist.	Martin Rasmussen Hjelmen	30 May 1944
date of death	Stevan Dohanos (May 18, 1907, Lorain, Ohio -- 1994) was an artist and illustrator of the social realism school, best known for his Saturday Evening Post covers, and responsible for several of the Don't Talk set of World War II propaganda posters.	Stevan Dohanos	1994
date of death	Paul René Gauguin (27 February 1911 -- 14 February 1976) was a Norwegian painter, graphical artist, sculptor, book illustrator and scenographer.	Paul René Gauguin	14 February 1976
date of death	Dan Jacobo Beninson (1931--2003) was an Argentine radiation expert who worked for the Argentine Atomic Energy Commission (CNEA) since 1955 holding different posts.	Dan Jacobo Beninson	2003
date of death	John Caius MD (born John Kays) (/ˈkiːz/; 6 October 1510 -- 29 July 1573), also known as Johannes Caius and Ioannes Caius, was an English physician, and second founder of the present Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.	John Caius	29 July 1573
date of death	Sir Wylie McKissock, OBE (27 October 1906 -- 3 May 1994) was a British neurosurgeon.	Wylie McKissock	3 May 1994
date of death	Jagdish Swaminathan commonly known as J. Swaminathan (June 21, 1928 -- 1994) was a leading Indian artist, painter, poet and writer.	Jagdish Swaminathan	1994
date of death	George Robert Johnston (1954 -- 2004), better known as the Ballarat Bandit or as John Doe #39-04, was a Canadian-born burglar who gained nationwide attention as he spent the last several years of his life hiding from police in Death Valley National Park.	Ballarat Bandit	2004
date of death	Flavius Julius Crispus (died 326), also known as Flavius Claudius Crispus and Flavius Valerius Crispus, was a Caesar of the Roman Empire.	Crispus	326
date of death	August Christian Baumann (25 May 1770 -- 3 November 1831) was a Norwegian mine superintendent and politician.	August Christian Baumann	3 November 1831
date of death	Konstantinos Damianos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Δαμιανός, 1853--1915) was a senior Greek Army officer who fought in the Balkan Wars of 1912--1913.	Konstantinos Damianos	1915
date of death	Viliame (William) Vuetasau (c.1820-1857) was the son of Roko Malani, the seventh Roko Sau of Lau and second Tui Nayau and Ciri of Taqalevu.	Vuetasau	1857
date of death	Harold Pender (1879--1959) was an American academic, author, and inventor.	Harold Pender	1959
date of death	Simon Luttichuys (1610--1661) was a Dutch Golden Age still life painter.	Simon Luttichuys	1661
date of death	Francis Ludlow Holt (1780 -- 29 September 1844) was a legal and dramatic author.	Francis Ludlow Holt	29 September 1844
date of death	Leopold Anton Kirchner (? - 29 December 1879 Kaplice, Bohemia), sometimes Kirschnerm, was an Austrian physician and entomologist.	Leopold Anton Kirchner	29 December 1879
date of death	Rogelio Sinán (born on Taboga Island in 1902; died in 1994) was the pseudonym of Panamanian writer Bernardo Domínguez Alba.	Rogelio Sinán	1994
date of death	Gilbert LaBine, OC (10 February 1890 -- 8 June 1977) was a Canadian prospector who, in 1930, discovered radium and uranium deposits at Port Radium, Northwest Territories.	Gilbert LaBine	8 June 1977
date of death	Richard Gurney (1790--1843) was vice-warden of the stannaries of Devon.	Richard Gurney	1843
date of death	Augustus Bernard Tancred (20 August 1865 -- 23 November 1911) was a leading 19th century South African Test cricketer.	Bernard Tancred	23 November 1911
date of death	Haji Mohamed Sanusi Mahmood (8 October 1909 -- 8 October 1995) was the first Mufti of Singapore.	Sanusi Mahmood	1995
date of death	Ragnar Hasselgren (June 3, 1904 - September 28, 1982) was a Swedish-born singer and recording artist, who was active on the American West Coast during the 1940s and 1950s.	Ragnar Hasselgren	1982
date of death	W. D. Cocker (1882, Rutherglen -- 1970) was a Scottish poet who wrote in both Scots and English.	W. D. Cocker	1970
date of death	Christopher Grene (1629--1697), was a Jesuit priest.	Christopher Grene	1697
date of death	Jacques Dumas (7 November 1908 -- 21 July 1994), better known as Marijac, was a French comics writer, artist and editor.	Marijac	21 July 1994
date of death	Sun Wanrong (孫萬榮) (died 697) was a khan of the Khitan people who, along with his brother-in-law Li Jinzhong, rose against Chinese hegemony in 696, with Li Jinzhong as khan, and they further invaded Chinese territory then under the rule of Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty.	Sun Wanrong	697
date of death	William Hoogland (ca.1794-1832) was an engraver in Boston, Massachusetts, and New York in the early 19th-century.	William Hoogland	1832
date of death	Graham Whettam (7 September 1927 -- 17 August 2007) was an English post-romantic composer.	Graham Whettam	17 August 2007
date of death	Dorothy Napangardi (born early 1950s -- 1 June 2013) was a Warlpiri speaking contemporary Indigenous Australian artist born in the Tanami Desert and who worked in Alice Springs.	Dorothy Napangardi	1 June 2013
date of death	Colin Tapley (7 May 1907 -- 1 December 1995) was an actor in both American and British films.	Colin Tapley	1 December 1995
date of death	Jacobus Boonen (11 October 1573 -- 30 June 1655) was the sixth Bishop of Ghent (1617--1620) and the fourth Archbishop of Mechelen (1621--1655).	Jacobus Boonen	30 June 1655
date of death	Surendranath Dasgupta (Bengali: সুরেন্দ্রনাথ দাশগুপ্ত) (October 1887 -- 18 December 1952) was a scholar of Sanskrit and philosophy.	Surendranath Dasgupta	18 December 1952
date of death	William Henry Stanley Monck (April 21, 1839--June 24, 1915) was an Irish astronomer and philosopher.	William Henry Stanley Monck	1915
date of death	Peter Ewart (14 May 1767 -- 15 September 1842) was a British engineer who was influential in developing the technologies of turbines and theories of thermodynamics.	Peter Ewart	15 September 1842
date of death	Dr. Horse was the stage name of Al Pittman (17 September 1917 -- 28 April 2004), an American rhythm and blues vocalist and entertainer who performed between the 1930s and 1960s.	Dr. Horse	28 April 2004
date of death	Anthony Hyman (1946--1999) was a noted British academic, writer and Islamicist.	Anthony Hyman	1999
date of death	Ann J. Lane (1931--2013) was an American educator, historian, and author that was considered to be a pioneer in the fields of women's history and women's studies.	Ann J. Lane	2013
date of death	Patrick Hume, 1st Earl of Marchmont (13 January 1641 -- 2 August 1724), known as Sir Patrick Hume, 1st Baronet from 1648 to 1690 and as Lord Polwarth from 1690 to 1697, was a Scottish statesman.	Patrick Hume, 1st Earl of Marchmont	2 August 1724
date of death	Dennis List (1946 - 9 November 2007) was a New Zealand poet, editor and novelist.	Dennis List	9 November 2007
date of death	Willem Jacobsz Delff (c. October 1580 -- 14 April 1638) was a Dutch Golden Age engraver and painter.	Willem Jacobsz Delff	14 April 1638
date of death	Wang Yuankui (王元逵) (812--854), formally Duke Zhong of Taiyuan (太原忠公), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.	Wang Yuankui	854
date of death	Iosif Trifa (3 March 1888 - 12 February 1938) was a Romanian Orthodox priest and evangelist.	Iosif Trifa	12 February 1938
date of death	Albert Fearnley (10 March 1924 -- 4 May 1999) was an English rugby league footballer and coach who played as a second-row.	Albert Fearnley	4 May 1999
date of death	Peter Westerstrøm (1779--1809) was a Swedish mass murderer who gained notoriety for the Saksebøl Slaughter in Moss, Norway during the Napoleonic wars.	Peter Westerstrøm	1809
date of death	Josip Marohnić (November 12, 1866--January 23, 1921) remains up to this day the most influential Croatian emigrant in the Americas.	Josip Marohnić	1921
date of death	Al al-Din (Chinese: 阿老瓦丁; pinyin: Ālăowădīng; Wade--Giles: A-lao-wa-ting, the name presumably representing Ala-ud-din, d. 1312) was a Muslim Persian mangonel expert who served in Kublai Khan's army in the conquest of the Southern Song Dynasty.	Al al-Din	1312
date of death	Samuel Angus (27 August 1881 -- 17 November 1943) was professor of New Testament and Church History at St Andrew's College in the University of Sydney from 1915 to 1943.	Samuel Angus	17 November 1943
date of death	Alfonso López Trujillo (8 November 1935 -- 19 April 2008) was a Colombian Cardinal Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and president of the Pontifical Council for the Family.	Alfonso López Trujillo	19 April 2008
date of death	Duncan McFarlan (died 7 September 1816) was a United States Democratic-Republican U.S. Congressman from North Carolina between 1805 and 1807.	Duncan McFarlan	7 September 1816
date of death	Étienne Provost (1785 -- 3 July 1850) was a French Canadian fur trader whose trapping and trading activities in the American southwest preceded Mexican independence.	Étienne Provost	3 July 1850
date of death	Stanisław Paklepka, Latin Paclesius (d. Lublin 1565) was one of the first generation of Polish Calvinists, then later an Arian.	Stanisław Paklepka	1565
date of death	Andrew Findlater (1810 - 1 January 1885) was a Scottish editor notable for his work on Chambers's Encyclopaedia.	Andrew Findlater	1 January 1885
date of death	Yehoshua Zettler (July 15, 1917 -- May 20, 2009; last name also spelled as Zeitler) was an Israeli who served as the Jerusalem commander of Jewish paramilitary group Lehi, often also called as the Stern gang.	Yehoshua Zettler	2009
date of death	Nguyễn Thị Bích(阮氏碧), also known as Nguyễn Nhược Thị Bích (阮若氏碧, An Phuớc District, Ninh Thuận, 1830--1909) was a Vietnamese poet.	Nguyễn Thị Bích	1909
date of death	Yadollah Sahabi (25 February 1905 -- 12 April 2002) was a prominent Iranian scholar, writer, reformist and politician.	Yadollah Sahabi	12 April 2002
date of death	Wu Kung-tsao or Wu Gongzao (1902--1983) was a famous Chinese teacher of t'ai chi ch'uan.	Wu Kung-tsao	1983
date of death	Leo Dobrigh (6 December 1898 -- 17 April 1973) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Leo Dobrigh	17 April 1973
date of death	Carl-Erik Quensel (1907--1977) was a Swedish statistician and demographer, specializing in population statistics, statistical distribution theory and biostatistics.	Carl-Erik Quensel	1977
date of death	Bekir Sıtkı Bircan (1886 -- 26 June 1967) was a Turkish footballer, a high school teacher and 5th of the founder of Galatasaray SK.	Bekir Sıtkı Bircan	26 June 1967
date of death	Admiral Sir Henry Ruthven Moore GCB, CVO, DSO (29 August 1886 -- 12 March 1978) was the last British admiral to command Home Fleet during World War II. He served in that post from 1944 to 1945.	Henry Ruthven Moore	12 March 1978
date of death	Bob Kelsey (27 September 1925 -- 19 April 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bob Kelsey	19 April 1990
date of death	William Beach Lawrence (23 October 1800 -- 26 March 1881) was an American politician and jurist who served as lieutenant governor of Rhode Island from 1851 to 1852 under Governor Philip Allen.	William Beach Lawrence	26 March 1881
date of death	Leopold Z. Goldstein (1899-1963), an American physician and endocrinologist, was born in Camden, New Jersey, graduated from Camden High School and the University of Pennsylvania Medical School in 1922.	Leopold Z. Goldstein	1963
date of death	Nicholas Kratzer (1487? -- 1550) was a German mathematician, astronomer, and horologist.	Nicholas Kratzer	1550
date of death	Count Bertalan Széchényi de Sárvár-Felsővidék (24 October 1866 -- 3 June 1943) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Speaker of the House of Magnates from 1 May 1935 until his death.	Bertalan Széchényi	3 June 1943
date of death	Augustus Voelcker F.R.S. (24 September 1822 -- 5 December 1884), full name John Christopher Augustus Voelcker, was a Royal Agricultural Society of England chemist.	Augustus Voelcker	5 December 1884
date of death	Louis Harold Gray (10 November 1905 -- 9 July 1965) was an English physicist who worked mainly on the effects of radiation on biological systems, inventing the field of radiobiology as he went.	Louis Harold Gray	9 July 1965
date of death	William Bedloe (20 April 1650 -- 20 August 1680) was an English fraudster and Popish Plot informer.	William Bedloe	20 August 1680
date of death	Following Todar Mal's death on 8 November 1589 in Lahore, his body was cremated according to the Hindu traditions.	Todar Mal	8 November 1589
date of death	Raffaello de Banfield (2 June 1922 -- 7 January 2008), correctly Raphael Douglas, Baron von Banfield Tripcovich, was a British-born composer.	Raffaello de Banfield	7 January 2008
date of death	John Maurice Shaftesley OBE (1901--1981) was an English journalist and writer, and editor of the Jewish Chronicle from 1946 to 1958.	John Maurice Shaftesley	1981
date of death	William Powditch (8 February 1795 -- 22 August 1872) was a very early settler in New Zealand's Bay of Islands and a politician in Auckland.	William Powditch	22 August 1872
date of death	Hendrick Christiaensen (died 1616) was a Dutch explorer who was involved in the earlier exploration of what became the colony of New Netherland.	Hendrick Christiaensen	1616
date of death	Bermudo Pérez de Traba (died 1168), the eldest son of Count Pedro Fróilaz de Traba and his first wife Urraca Fróilaz, was a member of the most important medieval lineage in Galicia.	Bermudo Pérez de Traba	1168
date of death	Edwin Ruud (9 June 1854 -- 9 December 1932) was a Norwegian mechanical engineer and inventor who immigrated to the United States where he designed, sold, and popularized the tankless-water heater.	Edwin Ruud	9 December 1932
date of death	Fred Herd (26 November 1873 -- 14 March 1954) was a Scottish professional golfer from St Andrews.	Fred Herd	14 March 1954
date of death	Arthur Hill Hassall (13 December 1817, Teddington -- 9 April 1894, San Remo) was a British physician, chemist and microscopist who is primarily known for his work in public health and food safety.	Arthur Hill Hassall	9 April 1894
date of death	Isaac H. Brown (1812-1880) was the sexton at Grace Episcopal Church in Greenwich Village, and arbiter of style in Manhattan where he planned weddings, arranged soirées and funerals for the wealthy of New York City.	Isaac H. Brown	1880
date of death	Edwin E. Kintner (1920--2010) was an American nuclear pioneer and engineer and a U.S. Navy captain who was in charge of de-contamination of the Three Mile Island accident.	Edwin E. Kintner	2010
date of death	George Synnot (1819-1871 ) was one of Victoria's pioneer settlers arriving in the Port Phillip District about 1837 and rising to become a prominent land owner and Geelong businessman.	George Synnot	1871
date of death	Angus Holden, 1st Baron Holden (16 March 1833 -- 25 March 1912), was a British Liberal Party politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1885 and 1900.	Angus Holden, 1st Baron Holden	25 March 1912
date of death	Laura Mancini (6 May 1636 -- 8 February 1657) was a niece of Cardinal Mazarin.	Laura Mancini	8 February 1657
date of death	Arnold of Altena, count of Altena, count of Isenberg and Hövel, Vogt of Werden (1166--1209) was son of Eberhard IV of Berg.	Arnold of Altena	1209
date of death	Reuben Farley (17 January 1826 in West Bromwich -- 1899), was the eighth of ten children of the mining engineer Thomas Farley (1781--1830).	Reuben Farley	1899
date of death	Tom Palumbo (1921 -- 2008) was an American photographer and theatre director.	Tom Palumbo	2008
date of death	Jonathan Nash Hearder (24 December 1809 -- 16 July 1876) was a British electrical engineer, inventor, and educator.	Jonathan Nash Hearder	16 July 1876
date of death	Benjamin Mildmay, 1st Earl FitzWalter PC (27 December 1672 -- 29 February 1756), styled The Honourable Benjamin Mildmay until 1728 and known as The Lord FitzWalter between 1728 and 1730, was a British politician.	Benjamin Mildmay, 1st Earl FitzWalter	29 February 1756
date of death	Aleks Buda (1910--1993) was an Albanian historian of Jewish origin.	Aleks Buda	1993
date of death	Samuel Jones-Loyd, 1st Baron Overstone (25 September 1796 -- 17 November 1883) was a British banker and politician.	Samuel Jones-Loyd, 1st Baron Overstone	17 November 1883
date of death	William Ott died on 4 January 1951, aged 78 years.	William Ott	4 January 1951
date of death	Kim Malthe-Bruun (8 July 1923 -- 6 April 1945) was a Canadian-born seaman and a member of the Danish resistance executed by the German occupying power.	Kim Malthe-Bruun	6 April 1945
date of death	Jan Svatopluk Presl (4 September 1791 -- 6 April 1849) was a Bohemian natural scientist.	Jan Svatopluk Presl	6 April 1849
date of death	Sir Dinshaw Maneckji Petit, 1st Baronet (30 June 1823 -- 5 May 1901), Parsi entrepreneur and founder of the first textile mills in India.	Dinshaw Maneckji Petit	5 May 1901
date of death	William Cibotti was a member of Philadelphia City Council representing the 2nd District from 1968 to 1975.	William Cibotti	1975
date of death	Emil Fey (23 March 1886 -- 16 March 1938) was an officer in the Austro-Hungarian Army, leader of the right-wing paramilitary Heimwehr forces and politician of the First Austrian Republic.	Emil Fey	1938
date of death	Arsenije IV Jovanović Šakabenta (Serbian Cyrillic: Арсеније IV Јовановић Шакабента, Serbian pronunciation: (ǎrseːnije t͡ʃětʋr̩ːtiː); 1698 -- 18 January 1748) was the Patriarch of Serbs from 1725 to 1737 and Metropolitan of Karlovci from 1737 to his death in 1748.	Arsenije IV Jovanović Šakabenta	18 January 1748
date of death	Gadhra Mór mac Dundach (died 1027) was King of Síol Anmchadha and Uí Maine.	Gadhra Mór mac Dundach	1027
date of death	Ignazio Cirri or Giacomo Matteo Ignazio Cirri (20 September 1711 -- 13 July 1787) was an Italian organist and composer in the 18th century.	Ignazio Cirri	13 July 1787
date of death	Al-Mundhir III ibn al-Nu'man (Arabic: المنذر بن النعمان‎), also known as Al-Mundhir ibn Imri' al-Qays (المنذر بن إمرئ القيس) (died 554) was the king of the Lakhmids in 503/505--554.	Al-Mundhir III ibn al-Nu'man	554
date of death	George T. Pierce (ca. 1823 Pawling, Dutchess County, New York -- 1874) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	George T. Pierce	1874
date of death	Nathalan (or Nachlan), (died 678) is a saint in the Roman Catholic Church, who was active in the district now known as Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Nathalan	678
date of death	Robert Devereux, 16th Viscount Hereford (3 January 1843 -- 27 March 1930) was an English Peer.	Robert Devereux, 16th Viscount Hereford	27 March 1930
date of death	Victor McMahon (1903 -- 9 March 1992) was an Australian flute teacher and flautist.	Victor McMahon	9 March 1992
date of death	Aert Mijtens (c.1541--1602) was a Flemish Renaissance painter.	Aert Mijtens	1602
date of death	``Gunner'' Laurence Joseph Browne or alternatively ``Lawrence Joseph Brown'' (3 October 1896 -- 31 May 1916) was an Irish gunner for the British Navy between 1914 and 1916.	Laurence Joseph Browne	31 May 1916
date of death	Birgitte Gøye (1511 - 26 July 1574) was a Danish county administrator, lady in waiting, landholder and noble, co-founder and principal of Herlufsholm School.	Birgitte Gøye	26 July 1574
date of death	Ardashir I or Ardeshir I (Middle Persian:, New Persian: اردشیر), also known as Ardashir the Unifier (180--242 AD), was the founder of the Sasanian Empire.	Ardashir I	242
date of death	Nadine Blacklock (1953--1998) was a nature photographer best known for her detailed nature photography of the Lake Superior area.	Nadine Blacklock	1998
date of death	Hendrick Munniks, Munnicks, or Munnekus (c1600 -- 1664), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Hendrick Munniks	1664
date of death	Robert C. Barnfield (1856--1893) was an English painter who was born in Gloucester.	Robert C. Barnfield	1893
date of death	Hari Om Sharan (26 September 1932 -- 17 December 2007) was a Hindu devotional singer and lyricist.	Hari Om Sharan	17 December 2007
date of death	Broder Lysholm Krohg (19 August 1777 -- 16 October 1861) was a Norwegian military officer and civil servant.	Broder Lysholm Krohg	16 October 1861
date of death	Frances Ulric Cole (9 September 1905 -- 21 May 1992) was an American pianist, editor, music educator and composer.	Ulric Cole	21 May 1992
date of death	John Hughes Morris (1870--1953) was born in Penrhosllugwy, Anglesey but moved to Liverpool as a young lad.	John Hughes Morris	1953
date of death	Taufiq Wahby (1891-1984) was a prominent Kurdish writer, linguist and politician.	Taufiq Wahby	1984
date of death	Jan Kašpar (20 May 1883 -- 2 March 1927) was a Czech aviator, aircraft constructor, designer and engineer.	Jan Kašpar	2 March 1927
date of death	Sir Henry Coward (26 November 1849 -- 10 June 1944) was a British conductor.	Henry Coward	10 June 1944
date of death	Sir William Job Collins KCVO (9 May 1859 -- 11 December 1946) was a surgeon and later a Liberal politician and legislator.	William Job Collins	11 December 1946
date of death	Arathoon Stephen (1861 -- 14 May 1927) was an Indian hotelier and real estate developer of Armenian descent.	Arathoon Stephen	14 May 1927
date of death	Leopold Teller (April 3, 1844, Budapest - 1908) was a Hungarian actor.	Leopold Teller	1908
date of death	Gin Chow (1857 - June 1933) was a Chinese immigrant who gained fame in California as a prophet and fortune teller able to predict the weather and other natural events.	Gin Chow	June 1933
date of death	John Pierre Burr (abt 1792 -- 4 April 1864) was an American abolitionist and community leader in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, active in education and civil rights for African Americans.	John Pierre Burr	4 April 1864
date of death	Isaac Duncan MacDougall (10 July 1897 -- 4 April 1969) was a National Government, Conservative and Progressive party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Isaac Duncan MacDougall	4 April 1969
date of death	Princess Konstancja Lubomirska (ca. 1618--1646) was a Polish noble lady.	Konstancja Lubomirska	1646
date of death	Late Pt. Vinayakbuva Utturkar (1914 - 1989) was a Hindustani Classical Music Vocal performer.	Vinayakbuva Utturkar	1989
date of death	John Fitzmaurice (18 November 1947 in Copenhagen - August 2003 in Brussels), was an administrator, academic and writer.	John Fitzmaurice	August 2003
date of death	Alan Neville Gent (11 November 1927 -- 20 September 2012) was an English scientist who contributed to understanding adhesion physics, and fracture of rubbery, crystalline and glassy polymers.	Alan Neville Gent	20 September 2012
date of death	Emery Hawkins (April 30, 1912 -- June 1989) was an American animator who worked at various studios such as Disney, Screen Gems, Walter Lantz, Warner Bros., and UPA during the golden age of animation.	Emery Hawkins	1989
date of death	Jetsun Dechen Wangmo (died 2011) was a Tibetan Buddhist.	Dechen Wangmo	2011
date of death	Sir Charles Theodore Hagberg Wright, LL.D. (17 November 1862, Middleton Tyas, Yorkshire -- 7 March 1940 in London) was the Secretary and Librarian of the London Library from 1893 until his death.	Charles Theodore Hagberg Wright	7 March 1940
date of death	Sir Brian Corby (10 May 1929 - 23 April 2014) was a British businessman who held a variety of positions on the boards of important industrial, artistic and education organisations.	Brian Corby	23 April 2014
date of death	Freddie Anderson (11 September 1922 -- 10 December 2001) was an Irish writer, playwright, author, poet and socialist, born in Ballybay, County Monaghan, Ireland, who became an influential figure in left wing culture and folk music scene in Glasgow from the 1950s until his death in 2001.	Freddie Anderson	10 December 2001
date of death	Sir (Herbert) Hamilton Harty (4 December 1879 -- 19 February 1941) was an Irish composer, conductor, pianist and organist.	Hamilton Harty	19 February 1941
date of death	Pierre Willems (born Maastricht, 6 January 1840; died Leuven, 23 February 1898) was a Dutch philologist and historian of Ancient Rome.	Pierre Willems	23 February 1898
date of death	Frei Manuel Correia (or Correa) (ca. 1600 -- 1653) was a Portuguese Baroque composer.	Manuel Correia	1653
date of death	James Butler, 9th Earl of Ormond and 2nd Earl of Ossory (1496 -- 28 October 1546), known as The Lame, was the son of Piers Butler, 8th Earl of Ormond and Margaret Fitzgerald, Countess of Ormond.	James Butler, 9th Earl of Ormond	28 October 1546
date of death	Alf Hearnden (19 January 1874 -- 23 October 1951) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alf Hearnden	23 October 1951
date of death	Rao Surtan Singh (राओ सुरतन सिंह) was the 12th Rao of Bundi (बूंदी), ruling from 1531 to 1544.	Rao Surtan Singh	1544
date of death	Pierrequin de Thérache also Pierre or Petrus de Therache (c.1470-1528) was a French renaissance composer from Nancy.	Pierrequin de Thérache	1528
date of death	Marie Hamsun (born Marie Andersen) (19 November 1881 - 4 August 1969) was a Norwegian actress and writer.	Marie Hamsun	4 August 1969
date of death	Percy Bolt (1885--1953) was an Australian pioneer rugby league player from the 1910s.	Percy Bolt	1953
date of death	Felicity Lane-Fox, Baroness Lane-Fox, OBE (22 June 1918 -- 17 April 1988) was a Conservative member of the House of Lords and champion of disability issues.	Felicity Lane-Fox, Baroness Lane-Fox	17 April 1988
date of death	Hugo Schmeisser (24 September 1884 -- 12 September 1953) was a German developer of infantry weapons in the 20th century.	Hugo Schmeisser	12 September 1953
date of death	Lady Isabella de Beauchamp, Lady Kidwelly, Baroness Despenser (born c. 1263 - died before 30 May 1306), was an English noblewoman and wealthy heiress.	Isabella de Beauchamp	30 May 1306
date of death	Charles Lee Smith (1887 -- 1964 in San Diego, California) was an atheist, a free-thought activist, a white supremacist and anti-Semite in the United States.	Charles Lee Smith	1964
date of death	Louis Bignon (26 June 1816 -- 18 May 1906) was a famous French chef whose Café Riche became the most fashionable in Paris.	Louis Bignon	18 May 1906
date of death	Ferdinand Jung (24 January 1905 -- 2 December 1973) was a German Communist activist who resisted the Nazi government in the 1930s and spent a good deal of time in prisons and concentration camps.	Ferdinand Jung	2 December 1973
date of death	Leicester Gataker (1874 - 1942) was an English professional water diviner, or water finder.	Leicester Gataker	1942
date of death	Gerald Westbury (29 July 1927 -- 12 June 2014), OBE, usually known as Charley Westbury, was an English surgeon who pioneered treatments for cancer, particularly sarcoma, developing techniques for preserving muscle function after surgery.	Gerald Westbury	12 June 2014
date of death	Collins Chabane (15 April 1960 -- 15 March 2015) was a South African Minister of Public Service and Administration.	Collins Chabane	15 March 2015
date of death	Pundit Sahadeo Tiwari died on 14 April 1972.	Sahadeo Tiwari	1972
date of death	Dipa Ma (March 25, 1911 - September 1989) was a Bangladeshi meditation teacher of Theravada Buddhism, a student of Anagarika Munindra.	Dipa Ma	1989
date of death	Dora Söderberg (10 November 1899 -- 9 November 1990) was a Swedish stage actress.	Dora Söderberg	9 November 1990
date of death	Peter Sørensen Vig (7 November 1854 -- 21 March 1929), commonly known as P. S. Vig, was a Danish American pastor, educator, and historian in the Lutheran church.	Peter Sørensen Vig	21 March 1929
date of death	Clive Uptton (12 March 1911 -- 11 February 2006) was a widely regarded British illustrator and painter of landscapes and portraits.	Clive Uptton	11 February 2006
date of death	Flora Bramley (1909 -- 23 June 1993) was an English actress and comedian.	Flora Bramley	23 June 1993
date of death	George Auldjo Jamieson FRSE (1 May 1828 - 18 July 1900) was a Scottish businessman, chartered accountant and local councillor.	George Auldjo Jamieson	18 July 1900
date of death	François Baillairgé (21 January 1759 -- 15 September 1830) was an architect who also pursued painting and wood sculpture.	François Baillairgé	15 September 1830
date of death	Tammy Hynes (11 August 1897 -- 9 September 1969) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tammy Hynes	9 September 1969
date of death	William Sullivan Barnes, (16 June 1841 -- 2 April 1912), was born in Boston and became a Unitarian minister.	William Sullivan Barnes	2 April 1912
date of death	Maj-Gen. Ladislaus Herbert Richard Pope-Hennessy (1875-1 March 1942), was a British Liberal Party politician and soldier of Irish Catholic descent.	Richard Pope-Hennessy	1 March 1942
date of death	Edward Timothy Hooley (1842 -- 3 August 1903), usually known as E. T. Hooley or Tim Hooley, was an explorer in Western Australia, who in 1866 pioneered an overland stock route from Geraldton to the Ashburton River.	E. T. Hooley	3 August 1903
date of death	Isabella Bendidio (Marchesa Bentivoglio) (13 September 1546 -- after 1610) was a Ferrarese noblewoman who, along with her sister Lucrezia Bendidio, sang in the first incarnation of the concerto delle donne as part of the court's musica secreta.	Isabella Bendidio	1610
date of death	Yan Xishan (or Yen Hsi-shan, IPA: (i̯ɛ́n ɕíʂɛ̄n); 8 October 1883 -- 22 July 1960) was a Chinese warlord who served in the government of the Republic of China.	Yan Xishan	22 July 1960
date of death	Patriarch Athanasius II Dabbas (died 1619), sometime known also as Athanasius III, was Melkite Greek Patriarch of Antioch from 1611 to 1619.	Athanasius II Dabbas	1619
date of death	William Pitt Cobbett (26 July 1853 in Adelaide, South Australia -- 17 October 1919 in Hobart, Tasmania) was an Australian academic, jurist, and editor.	Pitt Cobbett	17 October 1919
date of death	Alejandro Kuropatwa (1956--2003) was a famous Argentine photographer.	Alejandro Kuropatwa	2003
date of death	Raphael Kirchner (1876 - 2 August 1917) was an Austrian artist, principally a portrait painter and illustrator best known for Art Nouveau and early pin-up work, especially in picture postcard format.	Raphael Kirchner	2 August 1917
date of death	Jens Edvard Kraft (22 December 1784 -- 21 July 1853) was a Norwegian civil servant, bibliographer, and a writer on topographical-statistical topics.	Jens Edvard Kraft	21 July 1853
date of death	Colin Milne (c.1743--1815) was a Scottish priest of the Church of England and botanist.	Colin Milne	1815
date of death	Major-General George Douglas, 1st Earl of Dumbarton KT (1635 -- 20 March 1692) was a Scottish nobleman, and soldier.	George Douglas, 1st Earl of Dumbarton	20 March 1692
date of death	Thomas Paty (c.1713 -- 4 May 1789) was a British surveyor, architect and mason working mainly in Bristol.	Thomas Paty	4 May 1789
date of death	Friedrich Kipp (1814 -- 21 January 1869) was a German physician and entomologist.	Friedrich Kipp	1869
date of death	Adolph Giesl-Gieslingen (7 September 1903 - 11 February 1992) was an Austrian locomotive designer and engineer.	Adolph Giesl-Gieslingen	11 February 1992
date of death	John Meredith Bass (1804--1878) was an American banker, planter and Whig politician.	John Meredith Bass	1878
date of death	Erich Topp (2 July 1914 -- 26 December 2005) was the third most successful of German U-Boot Experten commanders of World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern).	Erich Topp	26 December 2005
date of death	Clayton Rawson (1906--1971) was an American mystery writer, editor, and amateur magician.	Clayton Rawson	1971
date of death	Hugh Montgomerie, 7th Earl of Eglinton (1613--1669), was the son of Alexander Montgomerie, 6th Earl of Eglinton.	Hugh Montgomerie, 7th Earl of Eglinton	1669
date of death	Sir William Blizard FRS FRSE PRCS FSA (1 March 1743 -- 27 August 1835) was an English surgeon.	William Blizard	27 August 1835
date of death	Gasparo Alberti (also: Gaspar de Albertis; Gaspare Albertus; Gaspar bergomensis; Gaspar de padua; c. 1485 -- c. 1560) was an Italian composer.	Gasparo Alberti	1560
date of death	Ilo Mitkë Qafëzezi (1889--1964) was a prolific Albanian writer of historical and religious subjects.	Ilo Mitkë Qafëzezi	1964
date of death	Dyer Pearl (1857 - September 1930) was a prominent Wall Street businessman and a member of the New York Stock Exchange for twenty-six years.	Dyer Pearl	1930
date of death	Gene Klavan (May 4, 1924 -- April 8, 2004) was an American disc-jockey (DJ), columnist and author.	Gene Klavan	2004
date of death	Sydney Mary Thompson (also known as Madame Christen) (1847 -- 16 July 1923) was an Irish geologist, botanist and artist.	Sydney Mary Thompson	16 July 1923
date of death	Charles Frodsham (15 April 1810 London --1871 London) was a renowned English watch and clockmaker.	Charles Frodsham	1871
date of death	Lê Chân Tông (chữ Hán: 黎真宗, 1630--1649) birth name Lê Duy Hựu (黎維祐, 黎維禔), was the seventh king of Vietnamese Lê Dynasty.	Lê Chân Tông	1649
date of death	Jonathan Fiifii'i (1921 - October 1989) was a Kwaio at Ane'emae near Oloburi, Malaita, Solomon Islands.	Jonathan Fiifii'i	1989
date of death	John Komnenos Doukas (Greek: Ιωάννης Κομνηνός Δούκας, Iōannēs Komnēnos Doukas), Latinized as Comnenus Ducas, was ruler of Thessalonica from 1237 until his death in 1244.	John Komnenos Doukas	1244
date of death	Muhammad Habibur Rahman (Bengali: মুহাম্মদ হাবিবুর রহমান‎; 3 December 1928 -- 11 January 2014) was a former chief justice of Bangladesh Supreme Court in 1995.	Muhammad Habibur Rahman	11 January 2014
date of death	Alexander Stanhope (1638 -- 20 September 1707) was an English envoy in Madrid between 1690 and 1699.	Alexander Stanhope	20 September 1707
date of death	Henry Flood (1732 -- 2 December 1791), Irish statesman, son of Warden Flood, Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench for Ireland, was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, and afterwards at Christ Church, Oxford, where he became proficient in the classics.	Henry Flood	2 December 1791
date of death	Pop Chalee, also known as Merina Lujan (March 20, 1906--December 11, 1993), was an American painter, muralist, performer, and singer.	Pop Chalee	1993
date of death	Karl Axel Georg Detlow von Braun (22 March 1912 -- 13 July 1999) was a Swedish Olympic sailor.	Detlow von Braun	13 July 1999
date of death	Harry Liddell (1866--1931) was a British politician.	Harry Liddell	1931
date of death	Sir Rhys Hopkin Morris (5 September 1888 -- 22 November 1956) was a Welsh Liberal politician who was a Member of Parliament from 1923--1932 and from 1945--1956.	Rhys Hopkin Morris	22 November 1956
date of death	Michaela Denis (28 August 1914 - 4 May 2003) was a British-born wildlife documentary film-maker and presenter, working with her husband, Armand Denis.	Michaela Denis	4 May 2003
date of death	Jacques Delécluse (15 September 1933 -- 29 October 2015) was a French percussionist and composer born in Béthune.	Jacques Delécluse	29 October 2015
date of death	Lilla Brignone (23 August 1913 -- 24 March 1984) was an Italian film and theater actress.	Lilla Brignone	24 March 1984
date of death	Wabbicommicot (died 1768) was a Mississauga chief instrumental in maintaining friendly relations between his Mississauga tribe and the British.	Wabbicommicot	1768
date of death	Richard Dadd (1 August 1817 -- 7 January 1886) was an English painter of the Victorian era, noted for his depictions of fairies and other supernatural subjects, Orientalist scenes, and enigmatic genre scenes, rendered with obsessively minuscule detail.	Richard Dadd	7 January 1886
date of death	Major General Sir John Campbell, 2nd Baronet, of New Brunswick, Canada, (14 April 1807 -- 18 June 1855), was a British army officer and the son of General Sir Archibald Campbell, 1st Baronet of New Brunswick, Canada.	Sir John Campbell, 2nd Baronet	18 June 1855
date of death	Abraham Mignon or Minjon (21 June 1640 - 27 March 1679), was a Dutch golden age painter, specialized in flower bouquets.	Abraham Mignon	27 March 1679
date of death	Ivan Ribar (Croatian pronunciation: (ǐvan rîbaːr); 21 January 1881 - 2 February 1968) was a Yugoslav politician and soldier of Croatian descent.	Ivan Ribar	2 February 1968
date of death	Joseph-Anne-Marie de Moyriac de Mailla (also Anna, and de Moyria) (Chinese: 馮秉正; pinyin: Feng Bingzheng) (16 December 1669 -- 28 June 1748) was a French Jesuit missionary to China.	Joseph-Anne-Marie de Moyriac de Mailla	28 June 1748
date of death	Robert of Durazzo (1326 -- 19 September 1356, Poitiers) was the third son of John, Duke of Durazzo and Agnes de Périgord.	Robert of Durazzo	19 September 1356
date of death	Louay Kayali (Arabic: لؤي كيالي‎), (1934--1978) was a Syrian modern artist.	Louay Kayali	1978
date of death	Sir John Juyn SL (died 24 March 1440) was a British judge.	John Juyn	24 March 1440
date of death	Welcome Duru (1933--2009) was a South African actor, boxing promoter, composer, musician, politician and a socialite, also known as Bra Wel.	Welcome Duru	2009
date of death	Mary Hayden Pike (née Green) (30 November 1824 -- 15 January 1908) American author born in Eastport, Maine to Elijah Dix Green and Hannah Caflin Hayden.	Mary Hayden Pike	15 January 1908
date of death	Hendrick Snyers (born 1611, Antwerp -- died 1644, Antwerp), was a Flemish Baroque engraver.	Hendrick Snyers	1644
date of death	Pavlo Teteria (Ukrainian: Павло́ Тете́ря; Russian: Па́вел Ива́нович Тете́ря, Polish: Paweł Morzkowski herbu Ślepowron) (1620s--1670) was Hetman of Right-bank Ukraine (1663--1665).	Pavlo Teteria	1670
date of death	Moyses Chahon (1918--1981) was a Brazilian Army general and a distinguished veteran of World War II. He was born in Rio de Janeiro.	Moyses Chahon	1981
date of death	Arthur Hobhouse, 1st Baron Hobhouse KCSI, PC, QC (10 November 1819 -- 6 December 1904), was an English lawyer and judge.	Arthur Hobhouse, 1st Baron Hobhouse	6 December 1904
date of death	Edward Southwell, Jr. of King's Weston, Gloucestershire (1/16 June 1705 -- 16 March 1755) was an Anglo-Irish politician.	Edward Southwell, Jr.	16 March 1755
date of death	Otto VI, Count of Tecklenburg (died 1388) was the only son of Count Nicholas I and his wife, Helena of Oldenburg-Wildeshausen-Alt-Bruchhausen.	Otto VI, Count of Tecklenburg	1388
date of death	Oveco Núñez (died 951) was the Bishop of León from 927 until his death.	Oveco Núñez	951
date of death	Dick Tyldesley (Richard Knowles Tyldesley born 11 March 1897, Westhoughton, Lancashire, died 17 September 1943, Bolton, Lancashire) was a Lancashire cricketer who was one of the most important figures in Lancashire breaking Yorkshire's stronghold on the County Championship between 1926 and 1930.	Dick Tyldesley	17 September 1943
date of death	Gilbert Dyer (1743--1820) was an English bookseller, known also as an antiquarian writer.	Gilbert Dyer	1820
date of death	Nicolas Desportes (1718--1787) was a French painter, specialising in representations of animals and hunting scenes.	Nicolas Desportes	1787
date of death	Antoine de Longueval (fl. 1498--1525) was a French singer and composer of the Renaissance.	Antoine de Longueval	1525
date of death	Edward Edmondson, Jr. (1830--1883) was an American artist, active for most of his career in Dayton, Ohio.	Edward Edmondson, Jr.	1883
date of death	Gabriele Zerbi (1445--1505) was a Veronese professor at the Universities of Bologna and Padua.	Gabriele Zerbi	1505
date of death	Walford Bodie, whose real name was Samuel Murphy Bodie (1869--1939), was a Scottish showman, hypnotist, ventriloquist and stage magician, famous for his 'mock' electrocutions involving a replica of 'The Electric Chair'.	Walford Bodie	1939
date of death	Arthur Corbin Gould (1850--1903) was an avid shooter and member of the Massachusetts Rifle Association.	Arthur Corbin Gould	1903
date of death	Philip Hershkovitz (12 October 1909 -- 15 February 1997) was an American mammalogist.	Philip Hershkovitz	15 February 1997
date of death	Air Marshal Boediardjo (16 November 1921 -- 15 March 1997 ) was Indonesian Minister of Information (1968 - 1973) for Indonesian First Development Cabinet (Indonesian: Kabinet Pembangunan I).	Boediardjo	15 March 1997
date of death	Agnes Reston (nee Harkness, 1771 -- 24 December 1856) was a Scottish wartime nurse during the Peninsular War.	Agnes Reston	24 December 1856
date of death	D. P. Shettian (29 June 1932 -- 2 September 2006) was the second Bishop - in - Karnataka Southern Diocese of Church of South India headquartered in Mangalore where the Bishop's Cathedra is placed at the CSI-Shanthi Cathedral, Balmatta, Mangalore.	D. P. Shettian	2 September 2006
date of death	Allen Boretz (1900--1985), was an American songwriter, playwright and screenwriter.	Allen Boretz	1985
date of death	Charles Eugene Lancelot Brown (17 June 1863 -- 2 May 1924) founded BBC Brown Boveri (later ASEA Brown Boveri) with Walter Boveri.	Charles Eugene Lancelot Brown	2 May 1924
date of death	Medford Bryan Evans (August 21, 1907 -- February 4, 1989) was a college professor, author, editor, and critic of liberalism in American politics, education, and society.	Medford Bryan Evans	1989
date of death	Dr. Abdul Jabbar Junejo (26 November 1935 -- 12 July 2011) was a prolific Sindhi writer, poet, novelist, story-writer, critic, linguist, historian and musicologist, born on 26 November 1935 at Pir Fateh Shah Village, District Badin, Sindh, Pakistan.	Abdul Jabbar Junejo	12 July 2011
date of death	Elías Regules (1861--1929) was a Uruguayan physician, teacher, writer and politician.	Elías Regules	1929
date of death	Narayan Dutt Shrimali (Paramhansa Nikhileshwaranand ascetically) (21 April 1933 -- 3 July 1998, Jodhpur) was an academic and astrologer.	Narayan Dutt Shrimali	3 July 1998
date of death	Anne Louise Gregory Ritter (1868-1929) was an American artist and art teacher.	Anne Louise Gregory Ritter	1929
date of death	Paul Zeeuwts (b. Anderlecht 9 May 1948, d. Brussels 17 March 2009) was President of the Flemish IWT from 1991 until his death in 2009.	Paul Zeeuwts	17 March 2009
date of death	Peter Slaghuis (21 August 1961 -- 5 September 1991) was a Dutch DJ, producer and remixer, whose work was mostly released under the name Hithouse (a literal translation of his last name -- slag, a hit, a beat; and huis, house).	Peter Slaghuis	5 September 1991
date of death	Jesse LaFollette (1781 NJ-1843 Ind) is featured in one of the limestone panels at the Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial in Lincoln City, Indiana.	Jesse LaFollette	1843
date of death	Fausto Cleva (17 May 1902 -- 6 August 1971) was an Italian-born American operatic conductor.	Fausto Cleva	6 August 1971
date of death	Humphrey of Montfort (died 12 February 1284) was a nobleman of the Kingdom of Jerusalem.	Humphrey of Montfort	12 February 1284
date of death	Frank Bellamy (21 May 1917 -- 5 July 1976) was a British comics artist, best known for his work on the Eagle comic, for which he illustrated Heros the Spartan and Fraser of Africa.	Frank Bellamy	5 July 1976
date of death	John de Troye (died 1371) was a Welsh-born Crown official and judge in fourteenth century Ireland, who held the offices of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland and Lord Treasurer of Ireland.	John de Troye	1371
date of death	Aurelio Bacciarini (8 November 1873 -- 27 June 1935) was a Swiss Roman Catholic who served as the interim administrator of the Diocese of Lugano.	Aurelio Bacciarini	27 June 1935
date of death	John Colin McCormack (2 December 1941 -- 19 June 2004) was a Welsh actor who enjoyed success in classical stage performances and television shows including BBC TV's Dixon of Dock Green, a show he returned to twenty years later when he played a police constable.	Colin McCormack	19 June 2004
date of death	Ian Wooldridge, OBE (14 January 1932 -- 4 March 2007) was a British sports journalist.	Ian Wooldridge	4 March 2007
date of death	Mike Marqusee (pronounced mar-kuh-see; 27 January 1953 -- 13 January 2015) was an American writer, journalist and political activist in London.	Mike Marqusee	13 January 2015
date of death	Billy Bowlegs III, Billy Fewell, aka Cofehapkee (1862--1965), was a Seminole elder, also of African-American descent.	Billy Bowlegs III	1965
date of death	Dezső Dersfi or Dezső, son of Ders (died 1075) was a Hungarian prelate and politician, who served as Archbishop of Esztergom from 1067 to 1075.	Dezső Dersfi	1075
date of death	Brian Dorman (2 July 1937 -- 27 July 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Brian Dorman	27 July 2012
date of death	Bernt Theodor Anker (7 March 1867 -- 21 August 1943) was a Norwegian linguist, priest and author.	Bernt Theodor Anker	21 August 1943
date of death	Jean-Pierre Hautier (18 October 1955 -- 12 October 2012) was a Belgian television presenter and broadcaster for RTBF.	Jean-Pierre Hautier	12 October 2012
date of death	Petrus Filipsson (Latin: Petrus Philippi), also known as Peder Filipsson Röde, was Archbishop of Uppsala, Sweden, from 1332 to 1341.	Petrus Filipsson	1341
date of death	Aleksander Józef Lisowski HNG (c. 1580 -- October 11, 1616) was a Polish--	Aleksander Józef Lisowski	1616
date of death	Alexander Boyd, 3rd Lord Boyd (died after 1508) Scottish noble.	Alexander Boyd, 3rd Lord Boyd	1508
date of death	António Manoel de Vilhena (28 May 1663 -- 10 December 1736) was a Portuguese nobleman who was the 66th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem from 19 June 1722 to his death in 1736.	António Manoel de Vilhena	10 December 1736
date of death	Ronald Sims (1926--2007) was a distinguished ecclesiastical architect who redesigned many English church interiors.	Ronald Sims	2007
date of death	George Ambrum (1943-1986) was an Australian rugby league player from the 1960s and 1970s.	George Ambrum	1986
date of death	Robert Cock (25 May 1801 -- 23 March 1871) was one of the first European explorers of the Adelaide region of South Australia following the establishment of the new colony in December 1836.	Robert Cock	1871
date of death	Edward Findley (8 September 1864 -- 26 October 1947) was an Australian politician and publisher.	Edward Findley	26 October 1947
date of death	Stanley Portal Hyatt (2 January 1877 -- 30 June 1914) was an English explorer, hunter, and writer.	Stanley Portal Hyatt	30 June 1914
date of death	Ahmed bey Pepinov Omar oglu (Azerbaijani: Əhməd bəy Ömər oğlu Pepinov; 1893--1938), also known as Ahmet bey Pepinov, was an Azerbaijani statesman of Meskhetian Turkish origin who served as Minister of Agriculture in the fifth cabinet of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, and was member of Parliament of Azerbaijan.	Ahmed bey Pepinov	1938
date of death	Karl Hubbuch (21 November 1891 -- 26 December 1979) was a German painter, printmaker, and draftsman associated with the New Objectivity.	Karl Hubbuch	26 December 1979
date of death	Marcel Kerff (Maartensvoeren, 2 June 1866 - Moelingen, 7 August 1914) was a Belgian cyclist who participated in the 1903 Tour de France, where he finished sixth.	Marcel Kerff	7 August 1914
date of death	Erna Viitol (born on 10 May 1920 -- 11 November 2001) was an Estonian sculptor.	Erna Viitol	11 November 2001
date of death	Fahredin Nuri (24 November 1914 -- 16 November 1984) was a notable Albanian hydraulic engineer.	Fahredin Nuri	16 November 1984
date of death	Ragenar (Latin Ragenarius, French Ragenaire or Réginaire) was the bishop of Amiens from 830 to 833 and again from 834 until his death in 849.	Ragenar	849
date of death	Carlos Coimbra (1925 -- 14 February 2007) was a Brazilian film editor, director and screenwriter.	Carlos Coimbra	14 February 2007
date of death	Thomas William Hodgson Crosland (July 21, 1865 or 1868--1924), was a British author, poet, journalist and friend of royalty.	Thomas William Hodgson Crosland	1924
date of death	James Latimer Allen (1907-1977) was a photographer and portraitist known for his images of the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s and '30s.	James Latimer Allen	1977
date of death	Sir Nicholas Pelham (1650? -- 8 November 1739) was a British politician.	Nicholas Pelham	1739
date of death	Torii Kiyomoto (Japanese: 鳥居 清元; 1645--1702) was a kabuki actor from Osaka and painter of billboards and other kabuki advertisements; the founder of the Torii school of artists, he painted in an early form of what came to be known as the ukiyo-e style.	Torii Kiyomoto	1702
date of death	Xiong Yong (Chinese: 熊勇, died 838 BC) was from 847 to 838 BC the 10th viscount of the state of Chu during the Western Zhou Dynasty of ancient China.	Xiong Yong	838
date of death	Lippo II Alidosi (also called Litto, died 1350) was a ruler of Imola, a member of the Alidosi family.	Lippo II Alidosi	1350
date of death	Boris Berlin (27 May 1907 -- 24 March 2001) was a Canadian pianist, music educator, arranger, and composer of Russian birth.	Boris Berlin	24 March 2001
date of death	Khanai Qobadi (ca.1700--1759) was an 18th-century Kurdish Jaff poet, and one of the main Gurani poets.	Khanai Qobadi	1759
date of death	George McLeod Winsor (1856, Gateshead - 27 July 1939, Isleworth, Middlesex) was a British writer.	George McLeod Winsor	27 July 1939
date of death	Johan Wilfred John ``Mick'' Mibus, known as Wilfred Mibus or Mick Mibus (14 September 1900 -- 18 April 1964) was an Australian politician.	Wilfred Mibus	18 April 1964
date of death	Fung King Hey (Simplified Chinese: 冯景禧; Traditional Chinese: 馮景禧) (1922--1985), was a Chinese-born Canadian businessman.	Fung King Hey	1985
date of death	William Joseph Bryan, Jr. (1926--1977) was an American physician and a pioneering hypnotist.	William Joseph Bryan	1977
date of death	Rudolph Cartier (born Rudolph Kacser, renamed himself in Germany to Rudolph Katscher; 17 April 1904 -- 7 June 1994) was an Austrian television director, filmmaker, screenwriter and producer who worked predominantly in British television, exclusively for the BBC.	Rudolph Cartier	7 June 1994
date of death	Charles Wycliffe Goodwin (1817--1878) was a British Egyptologist, bible scholar, lawyer and judge.	Charles Wycliffe Goodwin	1878
date of death	Dionigi Galletto (26 January 1932 -- 25 September 2011) was an Italian mathematician and academician.	Dionigi Galletto	25 September 2011
date of death	Joseph Bourret (10 June 1802 -- 5 March 1859) was a 19th-century Canadian lawyer, banker and politician.	Joseph Bourret	5 March 1859
date of death	Charles-Fernand de Condamy (1855-1913) was a French animal painter.	Charles-Fernand de Condamy	1913
date of death	Cecil Harmsworth King (20 February 1901 -- 17 April 1987) was chairman of Daily Mirror Newspapers, Sunday Pictorial Newspapers and the International Publishing Corporation (1963--68), and a director at the Bank of England (1965--68).	Cecil Harmsworth King	17 April 1987
date of death	Henri Chopin (18 June 1922 -- 3 January 2008) was an avant-garde poet and musician.	Henri Chopin	3 January 2008
date of death	Major-General Sir Ivor Philipps KCB, DSO (9 September 1861 -- 15 August 1940) was a British officer in the British Indian Army and a Liberal Party politician.	Ivor Philipps	15 August 1940
date of death	Henry Rowland-Brown (1865, Woodridings, Pinner -- 1921, Harrow Weald, London) was an English entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera By profession Rowland-Brown was a journalist and author.	Henry Rowland-Brown	1921
date of death	José Alves de Cerqueira César (May 23, 1835 -- July 26, 1911) was a Brazilian politician, governor of the State of São Paulo from December 1891 to August 1892.	José Alves de Cerqueira César	1911
date of death	Sir Thomas Carus SL (c.1515--5 July 1571) was an English barrister and judge who served as a Justice of the Queen's Bench.	Thomas Carus	5 July 1571
date of death	Louis-Paul M'Fédé (26 February 1961 -- 10 June 2013) was a Cameroonian soccer player who played midfield.	Louis-Paul M'Fédé	10 June 2013
date of death	Charles Ingram, 9th Viscount of Irvine (19 March 1727 -- 27 June 1778), known as Charles Ingram until 1763, was a British landowner, politician and courtier.	Charles Ingram, 9th Viscount of Irvine	27 June 1778
date of death	Francis Ayscough (1701--1763) was a tutor to George III and Clerk of the Closet to his father Frederick, Prince of Wales and later Dean of Bristol Cathedral.	Francis Ayscough	1763
date of death	Rosina Megan Boyd (29 January 1915 -- 15 November 2001) was a British fly tyer most noted for her Atlantic salmon flies.	Megan Boyd	15 November 2001
date of death	Thomas de Beauchamp, 12th Earl of Warwick, KG (16 March 1338 -- 8 April 1401) was an English medieval nobleman, and one of the primary opponents of Richard II.	Thomas de Beauchamp, 12th Earl of Warwick	8 April 1401
date of death	Shafi Inamdar (Marathi: शफी इनामदार; 23 October 1945 -- 13 March 1996) was an Indian actor.	Shafi Inamdar	13 March 1996
date of death	Paul Hankar (11 December 1859 -- 17 January 1901) was a Belgian architect and furniture designer, and an innovator in the Art Nouveau style.	Paul Hankar	17 January 1901
date of death	Thomas Fairfax, 5th Lord Fairfax of Cameron (16 April 1657 -- 6 January 1710 N.S.) was an English politician.	Thomas Fairfax, 5th Lord Fairfax of Cameron	6 January 1710
date of death	Elsie Wilkins Sexton (née Wing, 27 April 1868 -- 18 February 1959) was an English zoologist and biological illustrator.	Elsie Wilkins Sexton	18 February 1959
date of death	Carl McCunn (1946 -- December 18, 1981) was an American wildlife photographer who became stranded in the Alaskan wilderness and eventually committed suicide when he ran out of supplies.	Carl McCunn	1981
date of death	Andrew MacLeish (26 June 1838 -- 14 January 1928) was a Scottish and American businessman.	Andrew MacLeish	14 January 1928
date of death	Archibald Kennedy, 2nd Marquess of Ailsa, KT (25 August 1816 -- 20 March 1870) was a Scottish peer.	Archibald Kennedy, 2nd Marquess of Ailsa	20 March 1870
date of death	Morten Leuch (15 April 1732 -- 24 January 1768) was a Norwegian timber trader and landowner.	Morten Leuch	24 January 1768
date of death	Martha Cheavens (1899--1975) was an American novelist, short-story writer and poet, several of whose works were adapted for the screen.	Martha Cheavens	1975
date of death	Carl August von Steinheil (12 October 1801 -- 14 September 1870) was a German physicist, inventor, engineer and astronomer.	Carl August von Steinheil	14 September 1870
date of death	Ursula Meyer (1915--2003) was a German-born American artist and a professor of sculpture.	Ursula Meyer	2003
date of death	Johann Vesque von Püttlingen (pseudonym Johann Hoven) (23 July 1803 -- 29 October 1883), born J. Vesque de Puttelange, was an Austrian lawyer, diplomat, author, composer and singer.	Johann Vesque von Püttlingen	29 October 1883
date of death	Frederick James Sargood (1805 -- 15 January 1873) was a merchant and politician in colonial Victoria, a member of the Victorian Legislative Council and Victorian Legislative Assembly.	Frederick James Sargood	15 January 1873
date of death	Johann Christian Thomae (5 April 1668, Heldburg, Duchy of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg -- 19 March 1724, Neustadt bei Coburg, Duchy of Saxe-Coburg ) was a German historian and biographer and a Lutheran rector of Neustadt bei Coburg.	Johann Christian Thomae	19 March 1724
date of death	Fritz Sarasin, full name Karl Friedrich Sarasin (3 December 1859 -- 23 March 1942) was a Swiss naturalist.	Fritz Sarasin	23 March 1942
date of death	Sir Edmund Fowell, 1st Baronet (1593 -- October 1674) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648 and in 1656.	Sir Edmund Fowell, 1st Baronet	October 1674
date of death	Harry Powlett, 4th Duke of Bolton PC (24 July 1691 -- 9 October 1759), known until 1754 as Lord Harry Powlett, was a British nobleman and Whig politician, the second son of Charles Paulet, 2nd Duke of Bolton and Frances Ramsden.	Harry Powlett, 4th Duke of Bolton	9 October 1759
date of death	Cui Lin (died 244), courtesy name Deru, was a high government official of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period.	Cui Lin	244
date of death	Leo II of Galicia, also known as Lev Yurevich (unknown -- 1323) was Prince of Lutsk and Galicia, one of the last two Rurikid kings of Galicia-Volhynia (r. 1308--1323; according to some sources, 1315--23).	Leo II of Galicia	1323
date of death	Kerttu Nuorteva (10 November 1912, Astoria, Oregon, United States - 29 August 29 1963, Karaganda, Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic, Soviet Union) was a Soviet intelligence agent.	Kerttu Nuorteva	1963
date of death	Clarence Hutchenrider (13 June 1908 - 18 August 1991) was an American jazz clarinetist born in Waco, Texas.	Clarence Hutchenrider	18 August 1991
date of death	K. C. Hsiao (Chinese: 蕭公權; pinyin: Xiāo Gōngquán; 29 December 1897 -- 4 November 1981) was a Chinese scholar and educator, best known for his contributions to Chinese political science and history.	K. C. Hsiao	4 November 1981
date of death	Philip Long (died 1832) was an American colonist who remained loyal to the British government during the American War of Independence.	Philip Long	1832
date of death	David Ayton, Sr. (25 May 1857 -- 30 January 1931) was a Scottish professional golfer who played in the late 19th century.	David Ayton, Sr.	30 January 1931
date of death	Edmund Aikin (2 October 1780 -- 11 March 1820) was an English architect and writer on architecture.	Edmund Aikin	11 March 1820
date of death	Arthur Christiansen (27 July 1904 -- 27 September 1963) was a journalist, and editor of Lord Beaverbrook's newspaper the Daily Express from 1933 to 1957.	Arthur Christiansen	27 September 1963
date of death	Paul Tossanus (Toussain) (1572--1634) was a Huguenot minister, who spent most of his life in Germany.	Paul Tossanus	1634
date of death	Francis Brokesby or Brookesbuy (1637--1714), was a nonjuror.	Francis Brokesby	1714
date of death	Minor Cooper Keith (19 January 1848 -- 14 June 1929) was an American businessman whose railroad, commercial agriculture, and shipping enterprises much influenced the national economies of the Central American countries, and that of Colombia.	Minor Cooper Keith	14 June 1929
date of death	Arthur Tiley (17 January 1910 -- 5 June 1994) was a British Conservative and National Liberal politician.	Arthur Tiley	5 June 1994
date of death	Harris Leuke Ratwatte (known as Harris Leuke Ratwatte Dissawa ) (1900 - 1964) was a Ceylonese legislator.	Harris Leuke Ratwatte	1964
date of death	Barton Booth (1681 -- 10 May 1733) was one of the most famous dramatic actors of the first part of the 18th century.	Barton Booth	10 May 1733
date of death	Georg Ludwig Engelhard Krebs (19 July 1792 - 11 May 1844) was a German apothecary and natural history collector who spent his entire career in South Africa.	Georg Ludwig Engelhard Krebs	May 1844
date of death	La Voisin was convicted of witchcraft and was burned in public on the Place de Grève in Paris the 22 February 1680.	La Voisin	22 February 1680
date of death	Sant Garib Das (1717--1778) was a Yogi and called Acharaya (one who is teacher to saints), spiritual reformer and founder of the Garibdasi panth (a section who follow his preachings).	Garib Das	1778
date of death	Eric Haraldsson (Old Norse: Eiríkr Haraldsson, Norwegian: Eirik Haraldsson; c. 885 -- 954), nicknamed Eric Bloodaxe (Old Norse: Eiríkr blóðøx, Norwegian: Eirik Blodøks), was a 10th-century Norwegian ruler.	Eric Bloodaxe	954
date of death	David Jewell (24 March 1934 -- 21 May 2006) was a British independent school headmaster during the late 20th century.	David Jewell	21 May 2006
date of death	Wyn Murray (4 July 1908 -- 21 December 1947) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Wyn Murray	21 December 1947
date of death	Hans Hilfiker (15 September 1901 -- 2 March 1993) was a Swiss engineer and designer.	Hans Hilfiker	2 March 1993
date of death	Sir Hugh Low, GCMG (10 May 1824 -- 18 April 1905) was a British colonial administrator and naturalist.	Hugh Low	18 April 1905
date of death	Robert William Keate (16 June 1814 -- 17 March 1873) was a career British colonial governor, serving as Commissioner of the Seychelles from 1850 to 1852, Governor of Trinidad from 1857 to 1864, of Natal from 1867 to 1872, and of Gold Coast from 7 March 1873 to 17 March 1873.	Robert William Keate	17 March 1873
developer	Ultrix (officially all-caps ULTRIX) is the brand name of Digital Equipment Corporation's (DEC) discontinued native Unix operating systems.	Ultrix	Digital Equipment Corporation
developer	Tap Tap Revenge, also known as Tap Tap Revenge Classic was a music game created by Nate True, and developed and published by Tapulous for the iOS in July 2008.	Tap Tap Revenge	Tapulous
developer	1000 Heroz is a puzzle-platform video game developed and self-published by RedLynx.	1000 Heroz	RedLynx
developer	Infamous First Light (stylized as inFAMOUS First Light) is a standalone downloadable content action-adventure video game developed by Sucker Punch Productions and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4.	Infamous First Light	Sucker Punch Productions
developer	Ancient Trader is a turn-based strategy video game developed by the Slovakian studio 4Kids Games.	Ancient Trader	4Kids Games
developer	Ant Nation is a real time strategy video game from Konami for WiiWare and Nintendo DS. The WiiWare version was released on July 13, 2009 in North America and the Nintendo DS version was released on September 8, 2009.	Ant Nation	Konami
developer	Luftrausers (stylized as LUFTRAUSERS) is a 2014 shoot 'em up video game developed by Netherlands-based indie developer studio Vlambeer and published by Devolver Digital for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita.	Luftrausers	Vlambeer
developer	Beautiful Katamari, released in Japan as Beautiful Katamari Damacy (ビューティフル塊魂 Byūtifuru Katamari Damashii), is a video game by Namco Bandai Games for the Xbox 360.	Beautiful Katamari	Namco
developer	Lego Legends of Chima Online was a MMORPG based on the toy line of the same name, developed by Warner Bros. Games Montréal that was opened in beta for the US and Canada as of 6 August 2013.	Lego Legends of Chima Online	Warner Bros. Games Montréal
developer	Bit.Trip Fate, marketed as BIT.TRIP FATE, is an arcade-style scrolling shooter music game developed by Gaijin Games and published by Aksys Games for the Wii's WiiWare download service.	Bit.Trip Fate	Gaijin Games
developer	Take On Helicopters (TKOH) is a 2011 video game developed by Bohemia Interactive.	Take On Helicopters	Bohemia Interactive
developer	Dream Zone is an adventure video game developed by JAM Software (later known as Naughty Dog) published by Baudville, and released in 1987 for the Apple IIGS and then ported to the Amiga, Atari ST and PC.	Dream Zone	Naughty Dog
developer	Cartoon Network Racing is a racing video game made by Cartoon Network Interactive, Eutechnyx, Firebrand Games (Nintendo DS version) and The Game Factory.	Cartoon Network Racing	Firebrand Games
developer	Brawl Brothers, known in Japan as Rushing Beat Run (ラッシング・ビート乱 複製都市 Rasshingu BRan: Fukusei Toshi, ``Rushing Beat Chaos: The City of Clones''), is a side-scrolling beat 'em up game developed and published by Jaleco for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1992.	Brawl Brothers	Jaleco
developer	Magic Johnson's Fast Break (alternatively titled Magic Johnson's Basketball) is a side-scrolling basketball sports game developed by Arcadia Systems and published in 1988.	Magic Johnson's Fast Break	Arcadia Systems
developer	Ready Set Word (previously known as Spelling Spree) is an upcoming title from Ubisoft for the Wii.	Ready Set Word	Ubisoft
developer	Crackpots is an Atari 2600 game designed by Dan Kitchen and published by Activision in 1983.	Crackpots	Activision
developer	Vendetta Online (VO) is a twitch-based, science fiction massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed by Guild Software for the operating systems Android, Linux, Mac OS X, iOS, and Microsoft Windows.	Vendetta Online	Guild Software
developer	Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 3D (Winning Eleven 3D Soccer in Japan) is an association football video game released as a launch title for the Nintendo 3DS, developed and published by Konami.	Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 3D	Konami
developer	Photo Booth is a software application for taking photos and videos with an iSight camera by Apple Inc. for Mac OS X and iOS (on the iPad and iPad Mini available starting with the iPad 2).	Photo Booth	Apple Inc.
developer	Who Shot Johnny Rock? is the title of a live-action full motion video laserdisc video game produced by American Laser Games and released in the arcade in 1991, as well as for DOS, Sega CD, 3DO and CD-i in or around 1994.	Who Shot Johnny Rock?	American Laser Games
developer	ESPN College Hoops 2K5 is an American college basketball video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by Sega.	ESPN College Hoops 2K5	Visual Concepts
developer	Mystic Defender is a two-dimensional action video game released for the Sega Genesis system.	Mystic Defender	Sega
developer	Ridge Racer 64 is a racing game developed by Nintendo Software Technology for the Nintendo 64 in 2000.	Ridge Racer 64	Nintendo Software Technology
developer	Tuff E Nuff, known in Japan as Dead Dance (デッドダンス), is a 1993 fighting game developed and released by Jaleco for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.	Tuff E Nuff	Jaleco
developer	MUTE was developed by Jason Rohrer using a routing algorithm based on ant colony optimization.	MUTE	Jason Rohrer
developer	Cannon Spike, known as ガンスパイク (Gunspike) in Japanese arcades, is a multi-directional shooter arcade game released in 2000 by Psikyo and later in the same year for the Dreamcast by Capcom.	Cannon Spike	Psikyo
developer	Chicago 90 is an action/racing game developed by Microïds in 1989 which provides two game modes: one can play both gangsters and policemen with two different goals and strategies.	Chicago 90	Microïds
developer	The Mighty Quest for Epic Loot is a free-to-play real-time strategy video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal.	The Mighty Quest for Epic Loot	Ubisoft Montreal
developer	Pit Crew Panic! is a WiiWare game by Hudson Soft.	Pit Crew Panic!	Hudson Soft
developer	Falcon 4.0 is a combat flight simulator video game released on December 12, 1998 by MicroProse.	Falcon 4.0	MicroProse
developer	XNU is the computer operating system kernel developed at Apple Inc. since December 1996 for use in the OS X operating system and released as free and open source software as part of the Darwin operating system.	XNU	Apple Inc.
developer	Adventures of Lolo was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by HAL America for the Nintendo Entertainment System.	Adventures of Lolo	HAL Laboratory
developer	ESPN NBA 2Night 2002 is a video game developed by Konami and released for the Xbox, PlayStation 2, and Game Boy Advance.	ESPN NBA 2Night 2002	Konami
developer	Terracide is a zero-G first person shooter developed by Simis and published by Eidos Interactive in 1997.	Terracide	Simis
developer	Fort Zombie is a role-playing video game developed by Kerberos Productions.	Fort Zombie	Kerberos Productions
developer	SWAT 4 is a tactical first-person shooter video game developed by Irrational Games and published by Vivendi Universal Games on April 5, 2005.	SWAT 4	Irrational Games
developer	Wild Arms 2, known in Japan as Wild Arms: 2nd Ignition (ワイルドアームズ セカンドイグニッション Wairudo Āmuzu Sekando Igunisshon), is a role-playing game, and the second installment in the Wild Arms series, developed by Media.Vision and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.	Wild Arms 2	Media.Vision
developer	Z-Out is a 1990 side-scrolling shoot 'em up released for the Amiga and Atari ST by Rainbow Arts.	Z-Out	Rainbow Arts
developer	Stellar Dawn was an upcoming browser-based sci-fi themed MMORPG under development by UK game developer Jagex.	Stellar Dawn	Jagex
developer	Rocket Ranger is a 1988 action adventure computer game developed and published by Cinemaware.	Rocket Ranger	Cinemaware
developer	Bliss Island is a puzzle video game developed by PomPom Games and published by Codemasters for PC and PlayStation Portable.	Bliss Island	PomPom Games
developer	Ranch Rush is a farm management video game developed by Aliasworlds Entertainment and published by FreshGames in 2008.	Ranch Rush	Aliasworlds Entertainment
developer	Invasion Orion is a 1979 science fiction strategy game written and published by Automated Simulations (who would become Epyx in 1983).	Invasion Orion	Epyx
developer	City of Heroes (CoH) was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game based on the superhero comic book genre developed by Cryptic Studios and published by NCSOFT.	City of Heroes	Cryptic Studios
developer	Gruntz is a puzzle/strategy game for the PC, developed and published in February 1999 by Monolith Productions.	Gruntz	Monolith Productions
developer	NASCAR Racing 3 is a racing simulator produced by Papyrus Design Group in 1999.	NASCAR Racing 3	Papyrus Design Group
developer	Bottom of the 9th '99 is a baseball video game published and developed by Konami and released on August 31, 1998, for the PlayStation.	Bottom of the 9th '99	Konami
developer	Aces of the Pacific is a combat flight simulator game developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra Entertainment in 1992.	Aces of the Pacific	Dynamix
developer	World of Warcraft (WoW) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) created in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment.	World of Warcraft	Blizzard Entertainment
developer	Darkened Skye is a third-person action-adventure video game developed by Boston Animation.	Darkened Skye	Boston Animation
developer	Goat Simulator is a third-person perspective action video game developed and published by Coffee Stain Studios.	Goat Simulator	Coffee Stain Studios
developer	TrackMania Turbo (commonly shortened to TMT) is a racing video game developed by Nadeo and published by Ubisoft.	TrackMania Turbo	Nadeo
developer	Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR) is a psychotherapy developed by Francine Shapiro that emphasizes disturbing memories as the cause of psychopathology.	Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing	Francine Shapiro
developer	War Thunder is a World War II-inspired massively multiplayer online combat game developed by Gaijin Entertainment for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, PlayStation 4 and Shield Android TV.	War Thunder	Gaijin Entertainment
developer	Mario Superstar Baseball, known in Japan as Super Mario Stadium Miracle Baseball (スーパーマリオスタジアム ミラクルベースボール Sūpā Mario Sutajiamu Mirakuru Bēsubōru) is a sports game that was developed by Namco and NOW Production and published by Nintendo for the GameCube in 2005.	Mario Superstar Baseball	Namco
developer	The Apple A5 is a 32-bit system-on-a-chip designed by Apple Inc. and manufactured by Samsung and is the successor to the Apple A4.	Apple A5	Apple Inc.
developer	Starship 1 is an arcade game developed, manufactured, and released by Atari in 1976.	Starship 1	Atari
developer	Hot Wheels Track Attack is an arcade-style racing video game, developed by Firebrand Games, and published by THQ.	Hot Wheels Track Attack	Firebrand Games
developer	Mainly titled Prophecy I - The Viking Child is a game created by Imagitec Design Limited on Amiga, Atari ST, Atari Lynx, Game Boy, Game Gear and the PC.	Viking Child	Imagitec Design
developer	Alfred Chicken is a series of platform games, originally created by Twilight.	Alfred Chicken	Twilight
developer	Hydro Thunder Hurricane is a boat racing video game developed by Vector Unit and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade.	Hydro Thunder Hurricane	Vector Unit
developer	Mega Man X Collection is a compilation of video games developed by Capcom.	Mega Man X Collection	Capcom
developer	Incoming Forces is a 2002 shooter video game developed by Rage Software and published by Hip Interactive, and is the sequel to the 1998 video game Incoming.	Incoming Forces	Rage Software
developer	Xenoblade Chronicles, known in Japan as Xenoblade (Japanese: ゼノブレイド Hepburn: Zenobureido), is a Japanese action role-playing game developed by Monolith Soft and published by Nintendo for the Wii home console.	Xenoblade Chronicles	Monolith Soft
developer	Young Thor is the second PlayStation Portable mini developed by Frima Studio, the first being Zombie Tycoon released on October 29, 2009.	Young Thor	Frima Studio
developer	NRL Mascot Mania is a National Rugby League video game, developed by Wicked Witch Software for Nintendo DS. It was released in July 2009 but was released early at some EB stores.	NRL Mascot Mania	Wicked Witch Software
developer	Battle Rap Stars is a mobile rap battle game for iOS created by Jump Shot Media that uses inputted audio to evaluate and score.	Battle Rap Stars	Jump Shot Media
developer	Wild West Guns is a WiiWare and iPhone OS shooting video game by Gameloft.	Wild West Guns	Gameloft
developer	Long produced by SPSS Inc., it was acquired by IBM in 2009.	SPSS	IBM
developer	Bill Laimbeer's Combat Basketball is a futuristic basketball video game released in 1991 by Hudson Soft for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.	Bill Laimbeer's Combat Basketball	Hudson Soft
dissolved or abolished	Senegambia and Niger was a short-lived administrative unit of the French possessions in Africa, formed in 1902 and reorganized in 1904 into Upper Senegal and Niger.	Senegambia and Niger	1904
dissolved or abolished	Bydgoszcz Voivodeship (Polish: województwo bydgoskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975--1998, superseded by Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Bydgoszcz Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	Palatine Zweibrücken ceased to exist in 1801, when it was annexed by France.	Palatine Zweibrücken	1801
dissolved or abolished	The 352nd Infantry Division (352. Infanterie-Division) was a formation of the German Wehrmacht during World War II. A western front outfit, the 352nd became notable for its tenacious defense of Omaha Beach on D-Day, 6 June 1944.	352nd Infantry Division	1944
dissolved or abolished	Propaganda Games was a video game development studio based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada which operated from 2005 to 2011 as a unit of Disney Interactive Studios, the interactive subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company.	Propaganda Games	2011
dissolved or abolished	On his release, Qaboos bin Said, with the help of British military forces, staged a successful palace coup and was proclaimed Sultan of Muscat and Oman in 1970.	Muscat and Oman	1970
dissolved or abolished	Czech and Slovak Federative Republic (Czech/Slovak: Česká a Slovenská Federativní/Federatívna Republika, ČSFR) was the official name of Czechoslovakia from 23 April 1990 until 31 December 1992, when the country was dissolved into the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic.	Czech and Slovak Federative Republic	1992
dissolved or abolished	Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk (Northwest German Broadcasting - NWDR) was the organization responsible for public broadcasting in the German Länder of Hamburg, Lower Saxony, Schleswig-Holstein and North Rhine-Westphalia from 22 September 1945 to 31 December 1955.	Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk	31 December 1955
dissolved or abolished	The Second Ganzouri Cabinet was led by Egyptian prime minister Kamal Ganzouri from 7 December 2011 to 26 June 2012.	Second Ganzouri Cabinet	2012
dissolved or abolished	The first state of Salm-Kyrburg was partitioned between itself, Salm-Mörchingen and Salm-Tronecken in 1607, and was inherited by Salm-Neuweiler in 1681 upon the lines' extinction.	Salm-Kyrburg	1681
dissolved or abolished	When, in 1604 Louis IV, Landgrave of Hesse-Marburg died without male issue, he bequeathed equal shares of his territory to the landgraviates of Hesse-Kassel (Marburg) and Hesse-Darmstadt (Gießen, Nidda), yet under the condition that both territories should remain Lutheran.	Hesse-Marburg	1604
dissolved or abolished	In 1918, it was joined by Smolensk Governorate and in October 1919, Mogilev Governorate was reformed into Gomel Governorate.	Mogilev Governorate	1919
dissolved or abolished	Rechberg and Rothenlöwen was mediatised to Württemberg in 1806.	Rechberg and Rothenlöwen	1806
dissolved or abolished	The People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia (PDRE) was the official name of Ethiopia from 1987 to 1991, as established by the Communist government of Mengistu Haile Mariam and the Workers' Party of Ethiopia (WPE).	People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia	1991
dissolved or abolished	The Galician Regionalist Association (ARG, Asociación Regionalista Gallega in Spanish language or Asociación Rexionalista Galega in Galician language) was an active regionalist political organization in Galicia between 1890 and 1892.	Galician Regionalist Association	1892
dissolved or abolished	Jordanian occupation of the West Bank refers to the occupation and annexation of the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) by Jordan (formerly Transjordan), during a period of nearly two decades (1948--1967) in the aftermath of the 1948 Arab--	Jordanian occupation of the West Bank	1967
dissolved or abolished	The Hohenzollern Locomotive Works (Aktiengesellschaft für Lokomotivbau Hohenzollern) was a German locomotive-building company which operated from 1872 to 1929.	Hohenzollern Locomotive Works	1929
dissolved or abolished	Eastern Air Lines was a major American airline from 1926 to 1991.	Eastern Air Lines	1991
dissolved or abolished	The Reconstruction Finance Corporation (RFC) was a government corporation in the United States that operated between 1932 and 1957 which provided financial support to state and local governments and made loans to banks, railroads, mortgage associations and other businesses.	Reconstruction Finance Corporation	1957
dissolved or abolished	The Prussian Landkreis Regenwalde in Pomerania was a rural district that existed between 1818 and 1945.	Landkreis Regenwalde	1945
dissolved or abolished	Sieradz Voivodeship (Polish: województwo sieradzkie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975--1998, superseded by Łódź Voivodeship.	Sieradz Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	Computer City was a chain of United States-based computer superstores operated by Tandy Corporation; the retailer was sold to CompUSA in 1998 and liquidated.	Computer City	1998
dissolved or abolished	English Electric's operations were merged with GEC's in 1968, the combined business employing more than 250,000 people.	English Electric	1968
dissolved or abolished	The Rochester Jeffersons from Rochester, New York played in the National Football League from 1920 to 1925.	Rochester Jeffersons	1925
dissolved or abolished	Alpha Delta Theta was a national collegiate sorority operating in the United States from 1919 to 1939.	Alpha Delta Theta	1939
dissolved or abolished	Uppland County, or Upplands län, was a county of the Swedish Empire from 1634 to 1641, and from 1654 to 1714.	Uppland County	1714
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Kaffa (c. 1390--1897) was an early modern state located in what is now Ethiopia, with its first capital at Bonga.	Kingdom of Kaffa	1897
dissolved or abolished	On 2 June 1980, the 2 June Movement disbanded.	2 June Movement	2 June 1980
dissolved or abolished	The squadron was established on 2 May 1970 as a Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron VAQ-308, redesignated as VAK-308 on 1 October 1979 and disestablished on 30 September 1988.	VAK-308	30 September 1988
dissolved or abolished	Minsk Voivodeship (Belarusian: Менскае ваяводзтва, Menskaje vajavodztva, Polish: Województwo mińskie, Latin: Palatinatus Minscensis) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Grand Duchy of Lithuania since 1413 and later in Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth until the partitions of the Commonwealth in 1793.	Minsk Voivodeship	1793
dissolved or abolished	During 2010, Aryan Cargo Express operated one single Airbus A310-300F.	Aryan Cargo Express	2010
dissolved or abolished	It had limited success before merging with the Consolidated Aircraft Corporation in 1943, to form the Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation − or Convair.	Vultee Aircraft	1943
dissolved or abolished	The Xin dynasty (Chinese: 新朝; pinyin: Xīn Cháo; Wade--Giles: Hsin Ch'ao) was a Chinese dynasty (termed so despite having only one emperor) which lasted from 9 to 23 AD.	Xin dynasty	23
dissolved or abolished	In January 2010, the savings business of Bradford & Bingley was combined with the bank, and Abbey National plc was renamed Santander UK plc. Prior to the takeover, Abbey National plc was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.	Abbey National	2010
dissolved or abolished	In 1991, Palace Software's parent company, Palace Group, sold it to Titus Software.	Palace Software	1991
dissolved or abolished	Automobiles J. Suère was a French manufacturer of automobiles between 1909 and 1931.	Suère	1931
dissolved or abolished	The Democratic Republic of Georgia (DRG; Georgian: საქართველოს დემოკრატიული რესპუბლიკა Sakartvelos Demokratiuli Respublika) existed from May 1918 to February 1921 and was the first modern establishment of a Republic of Georgia.	Democratic Republic of Georgia	1921
dissolved or abolished	The Hamburg Sea Devils were an American football team that played in NFL Europa from 2005 to 2007.	Hamburg Sea Devils	2007
dissolved or abolished	Kreis Bergen (district of Bergen) was a Kreis on the island of Rügen in the district of Bezirk Rostock in East Germany from 1952 to 1955.	Kreis Bergen	1955
dissolved or abolished	During 2006, the majority of the Robinsons-May stores were converted to the Macy's or Bloomingdale's nameplate, either as replacements for existing stores, new locations or as expansions of existing locations.	Robinsons-May	2006
dissolved or abolished	Arrow Air ceased operations on June 29, 2010, and filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 1, 2010.	Arrow Air	2010
educated at	Red Whittaker is a roboticist and research professor of robotics at Carnegie Mellon University.	Red Whittaker	Carnegie Mellon University
educated at	Peter Serracino Inglott (April 26, 1936 -- March 16, 2012) was Rector of the University of Malta (1987--1988, 1991--1996) and Emeritus Professor of philosophy at the same University.	Peter Serracino Inglott	University of Malta
educated at	Torquhil Matheson was born in 1871, the youngest child of Sir Alexander Matheson, 1st Baronet, and was educated at Eton College.	Torquhil Matheson	Eton College
educated at	Myra Strober received her degree from Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations in 1962.	Myra Strober	Cornell University
educated at	After graduating from Taipei Municipal Chien Kuo Senior High School, Lin Chia-lung attended National Taiwan University (NTU), where he received his BA (1986) and MA (1988) in political science.	Lin Chia-lung	National Taiwan University
educated at	Educated at Bedford School, Nigel Tapp was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1924.	Nigel Tapp	Bedford School
educated at	Paul Jacobsthal (23 February 1880 in Berlin -- 27 October 1957 in Oxford) was a scholar of Greek vase painting and Celtic art. He wrote his dissertation at the University of Bonn under the supervision of Georg Loeschcke.	Paul Jacobsthal	University of Bonn
educated at	Her niece was the 1920s poet Elinor Wylie, Helen Hoyt was educated at Barnard College.	Helen Hoyt	Barnard College
educated at	Robert Folk is a graduate and former faculty member of the famed Juilliard School in New York City.	Robert Folk	Juilliard School
educated at	Arti Dhand has a B.A. and M.A. from the University of Calgary, and a Ph.D. from McGill University.	Arti Dhand	McGill University
father	Melor's legend makes him a prince who was only seven when his uncle, Riwal, murdered his father, St Miliau or Milio.	Melor	Miliau
father	Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens (18 April 1847 -- 2 May 1872) was a Royal Navy officer; the fifth son and seventh child of English novelist Charles Dickens and his wife Catherine.	Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens	Charles Dickens
father	Richard Butler, 3rd Viscount Mountgarret (1578--1651) was the son of Edmund Butler, 2nd Viscount Mountgarret and Grany or Grizzel, daughter of Barnaby Fitzpatrick, 1st Baron Upper Ossory.	Richard Butler, 3rd Viscount Mountgarret	Edmund Butler, 2nd Viscount Mountgarret
father	Elisabeth von Trapp is the granddaughter of Georg and Agatha von Trapp and the daughter of Werner von Trapp.	Elisabeth von Trapp	Werner von Trapp
father	Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg (given names: Alexandra Joséphine Teresa Charlotte Marie Wilhelmine; born 16 February 1991) is the fourth child and only daughter of Grand Duke Henri and Grand Duchess Maria Teresa.	Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg	Henri
father	Sayyedati was one of the best horses sired by Shadeed who won the 2000 Guineas and the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes in 1985.	Sayyedati	Shadeed
father	Alcetas I of Macedon (Greek: Ἀλκέτας ὁ Μακεδών; 576--547 BC) was a son of Aeropus I of Macedon and the 8th king of Μacedon, counting from Karanus, and the 5th, counting from Perdiccas, reigned, according to Eusebius, 29 years.	Alcetas I of Macedon	Aeropus I of Macedon
father	Tabiry was the daughter of Alara of Nubia and his wife Kasaqa and the wife of King Piye.	Tabiry	Alara of Nubia
father	Xiao Zixian's grandfather was Xiao Daocheng (Emperor Gao of Southern Qi), and his father was Emperor Gao's second son Xiao Ni the Prince of Yuzhang.	Xiao Zixian	Xiao Ni
father	Black Jester was sired by Polymelus, who won the Champion Stakes in 1906, and went on to much greater success as a stallion.	Black Jester	Polymelus
founder	The Budapest Festival Orchestra (Hungarian: Budapesti Fesztiválzenekar) was formed in 1983 by Iván Fischer and Zoltán Kocsis, with musicians ``drawn from the cream of Hungary's younger players'', as The Times put it.	Budapest Festival Orchestra	Iván Fischer	Zoltán Kocsis
founder	NetZero launched in October 1998, founded by Ronald T. Burr (original CEO), Stacy Haitsuka, Marwan Zebian and Harold MacKenzie.	NetZero	Ronald T. Burr
founder	Udacity is a for-profit educational organization founded by Sebastian Thrun, David Stavens, and Mike Sokolsky offering massive open online courses (MOOCs).	Udacity	Sebastian Thrun
founder	Hip Hing Construction was founded in Hong Kong in March 1961 by Dr. Cheng Yu-tung, Dr. David Sin and Mr. Yan Kao.	Hip Hing Construction	Cheng Yu-tung
founder	3D Robotics was co-founded in 2009 by Chris Anderson (3D Robotics CEO) and Jordi Muñoz (3D Robotics President).	3D Robotics	Chris Anderson
founder	Htoo Foundation is a foundation in Myanmar (Burma) founded by Burmese business tycoon Tay Za.	Htoo Foundation	Tay Za
founder	The Committee on Human Rights in the USSR (Russian: Комите́т прав челове́ка в СССР) was founded in 1970 by dissident Valery Chalidze together with Andrei Sakharov and Andrei Tverdokhlebov.	Committee on Human Rights in the USSR	Valery Chalidze	Andrei Sakharov
founder	Epicureanism is a system of philosophy based upon the teachings of the ancient Greek philosopher Epicurus, founded around 307 BC. Epicurus was an atomic materialist, following in the steps of Democritus.	Epicureanism	Epicurus
founder	Founding Geely in 1986 as a refrigerator maker with money borrowed from family, Li Shufu transformed the company into a successful private automaker selling inexpensive products to Chinese consumers.	Geely	Li Shufu
founder	The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative is a limited liability company founded by Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan with an investment of ``up to $1 billion in shares in each of the next three years''.	Chan Zuckerberg Initiative	Mark Zuckerberg
founder	The .NET Foundation is an independent organization founded in April 2014 by Microsoft Corporation, to improve open-source software development and collaboration around the .NET Framework.	.NET Foundation	Microsoft
founder	Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette (DLJ) was a U.S. investment bank founded by William H. Donaldson, Richard Jenrette and Dan Lufkin in 1959.	Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette	William H. Donaldson
founder	The Schmidt Ocean Institute is a non-profit private foundation focused on oceanography, founded in March 2009 by Eric Schmidt and Wendy Schmidt.	Schmidt Ocean Institute	Eric Schmidt	Wendy Schmidt
founder	Florence Violet McKenzie OBE (née Granville; 1890--1982), affectionately known as ``Mrs Mac'', was Australia's first female electrical engineer, founder of the Women's Emergency Signalling Corps (WESC) and lifelong promoter for technical education for women.	Florence Violet McKenzie	Women's Emergency Signalling Corps
founder	Aldine Press was the printing office started by Aldus Manutius in 1494 in Venice, from which were issued the celebrated Aldine editions of the classics (Latin and Greek masterpieces plus a few more modern works).	Aldine Press	Aldus Manutius
founder	Karl Sims founded GenArts, Inc. as Genetic Arts in 1996 in Cambridge, MA as a developer of Discreet Spark Plugins.	GenArts, Inc.	Karl Sims
founder	Le Cercle des économistes is a French think tank founded in 1992 by Jean-Hervé Lorenzi.	Cercle des économistes	Jean-Hervé Lorenzi
founder	Dow Jones acquired it in January 2005 for $530 million and News Corp. MarketWatch was founded by Larry Kramer and others, including Bill Bishop in business development and Thom Calandra, formerly of Bloomberg London, in editorial, in 1997.	MarketWatch	Larry Kramer
founder	The Library House Ltd (Library House) was a business information and consulting company based in Cambridge, England, founded in 2002 by Doug Richard and John Snyder.	Library House	Doug Richard
founder	Dr Shi Zhengrong (born c. 1963) is the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Suntech Power.	Suntech Power	Shi Zhengrong
founder	Urban Splash was founded by Tom Bloxham, a graduate of the University of Manchester, and Jonathan Falkingham, an architecture graduate from Liverpool University.	Urban Splash	Tom Bloxham
founder	First Pacific Finance Limited was founded as a financial services provider in Hong Kong by Mr. Sudono Salim (Chinese: 林紹良), an Indonesian Chinese entrepreneur and Anthoni Salim's father.	First Pacific	Sudono Salim
founder	Equality and Reconciliation (French: Égalité et Réconciliation) (E&R) is a political association created in June 2007 by Alain Soral, former militant of the French Communist Party, and also a former member of the central committee of the National Front (2007).	Equality and Reconciliation	Alain Soral
founder	The Idiap Research Institute is a semi-private non-profit research institute at Martigny in the canton of Valais, in south-western Switzerland.	Idiap Research Institute	Martigny
founder	Wu Yajun (Chinese: 吴亚军; born 1964) is a Chinese businesswoman, co-founder, former CEO and current chairwoman of Longfor Properties.	Wu Yajun	Longfor Properties
founder	Bahujana Nidahas Peramuna (People's Freedom Front/Mass Freedom Front) is a political party in Sri Lanka that was formed by Chandrika Kumaratunga when she broke away from Sri Lanka Mahajana Pakshaya.	Bahujana Nidahas Peramuna	Chandrika Kumaratunga
founder	B. Altman and Company was an American department store and chain, founded in 1865 in New York City, New York, by Benjamin Altman.	B. Altman and Company	Benjamin Altman
founder	Masterseek was founded in Denmark by Rasmus Refer in 1999.	Masterseek	Rasmus Refer
founder	Course of the Force, founded in 2012, is a partnership between Lucasfilm, Nerdist Industries, Machinima and Octagon (Sports Agency).	Course of the Force	Lucasfilm	Machinima	Octagon
founder	The Romualdo Del Bianco Foundation is an Italian non-profit organization established in Florence, Italy, on November 3, 1998 by Paolo Del Bianco - who entitled the Foundation to his father Romualdo.	Romualdo Del Bianco Foundation	Paolo Del Bianco
founder	OpenAI is a non-profit artificial intelligence (AI) research company, associated with business magnate Elon Musk, that aims to carefully promote and develop open-source friendly AI in such a way as to benefit, rather than harm, humanity as a whole.	OpenAI	Elon Musk
founder	The Bauer Type Foundry was a German type foundry founded in 1837 by Johann Christian Bauer in Frankfurt am Main.	Bauer Type Foundry	Johann Christian Bauer
founder	Jungle Fight was founded by pioneering MMA fighter and long-time Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt, Wallid Ismail.	Jungle Fight	Wallid Ismail
founder	The House of Bonaparte is an imperial and royal European dynasty founded in 1804 by Napoleon I, a French military leader who had risen to notability out of the French Revolution and who in 1804 transformed the First French Republic into the First French Empire, five years after his coup d'état of November 1799.	House of Bonaparte	Napoleon
founder	Sinclair Radionics Ltd was a company founded by Sir Clive Sinclair in Cambridge, England which developed hi-fi products, radios, calculators and scientific instruments.	Sinclair Radionics	Clive Sinclair
founder	Point72 Asset Management, L.P., is an investment firm managing the assets of its founder, Steven A. Cohen, and eligible employees.	Point72 Asset Management	Steven A. Cohen
founder	Enhanced Music is an independent, UK-based electronic dance music record label founded by Will Holland and co-owned by Austin, Texas-based DJ/production duo Tritonal.	Enhanced Music	Will Holland
founder	Conaco, LLC is the television production firm owned by entertainer Conan O'Brien.	Conaco	Conan O'Brien
founder	The Orthopedic Frame Company, the precursor of Stryker Corporation, was formed on February 20, 1946 by Dr. Homer Stryker, a Kalamazoo, Michigan-based orthopedist.	Stryker Corporation	Homer Stryker
founder	Waterloo Maple Inc. was first incorporated under the name Waterloo Maple Software in April 1988 by Keith Geddes and Gaston Gonnet, who were both then professors in the Symbolic Computation Group, a part of the computer science department (now the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science) at the University of Waterloo.	Waterloo Maple	Keith Geddes	Gaston Gonnet
founder	Robert W. Funk (July 18, 1926 -- September 3, 2005), was an American biblical scholar, founder of the controversial Jesus Seminar and the nonprofit Westar Institute in Santa Rosa, California.	Robert W. Funk	Jesus Seminar
headquarters location	Rainbow Hospitals is an Indian chain of Paediatric Hospitals chain based in Hyderabad, India.	Rainbow Hospitals	Hyderabad
headquarters location	CrowdTwist is a privately held company headquartered in New York City, New York that provides a SaaS based omni-channel loyalty and analytics platform that is designed to allow marketers to acquire, engage and retain customers.	CrowdTwist	New York City
headquarters location	The company was founded in 1876 in Aachen as Henkel & Cie by Fritz Henkel (a 28-year-old merchant who was interested in science) and two more partners.	Henkel	Aachen
headquarters location	Patersons Securities Ltd is a financial services firm based in Perth, Western Australia, with 15 offices throughout Australia.	Patersons Securities	Perth
headquarters location	The headquarters of Holland Casino is located in Hoofddorp, but in the future will move to a separate tower building of the new Holland Casino Utrecht.	Holland Casino	Hoofddorp
headquarters location	Alerton (sometimes misspelled ``Allerton'') is a United States company based in Lynnwood, Washington.	Alerton	Lynnwood
headquarters location	Palace Software was a British video game publisher and developer during the 1980s based in London, England.	Palace Software	London
headquarters location	The New Black Panther Party for Self-Defense (NBPP) is a U.S.-based black political organization founded in Dallas, Texas, in 1989.	New Black Panther Party	Dallas
headquarters location	The Mount Sinai Health System is a hospital network in New York City.	Mount Sinai Health System	New York City
headquarters location	Muthoot Pappachan Group (MPG), founded in 1887, is an Indian business house headquartered in Kochi, Kerala, India.	Muthoot Pappachan Group	Kochi
headquarters location	Located in Irvine, California, U.S.A. Autobytel Inc. was founded in 1995 by Pete Ellis, a Southern California businessman well known for the high amount of television advertisements for his dealerships located in Southgate, California throughout the 1980s.	Autobytel	Irvine
headquarters location	North Sea Capital, based in Copenhagen, is an independent private equity adviser that serves institutional and high-net-worth clients including some of the largest Nordic pension funds.	North Sea Capital	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Nash Motors Company was an American automobile manufacturer based in Kenosha, Wisconsin, in the United States from 1916 to 1937.	Nash Motors	Kenosha
headquarters location	Selective Insurance Group, Inc. is a regional insurance holding company based in Branchville, New Jersey, and provides property and casualty insurance products and insurance services to customers in the United States through its subsidiaries.	Selective Insurance	Branchville, New Jersey
headquarters location	Statoil ASA, (OSE: STL), is a Norwegian multinational oil and gas company headquartered in Stavanger, Norway.	Statoil	Stavanger
headquarters location	LATAM Airlines Group S.A. is a Latin American airline holding company incorporated under Chilean law with its headquarters Santiago, Chile.	LATAM Airlines Group	Santiago
headquarters location	Zandu Realty Limited (formerly Zandu Pharmaceutical Works Limited) is an international pharmaceutical company based in Mumbai, India.	Zandu Realty	Mumbai
headquarters location	4J Studios is a Scottish video game development studio based in Dundee and East Linton.	4J Studios	Dundee
headquarters location	Ferguson Marine Engineering Ltd is a shipyard located in Port Glasgow on the River Clyde in Scotland.	Ferguson Marine Engineering	Port Glasgow
headquarters location	On 13 April 2012, it was announced that Webjet would take over the sponsorship of Melbourne Football Club.	Webjet	Melbourne
headquarters location	Henninger Brewery was a notable brewery in Frankfurt, Germany.	Henninger Brewery	Frankfurt
headquarters location	2K China Shanghai Studio (Chinese: 2K中国, formerly known as 2K Shanghai) was a Chinese computer and video game developer established in 2006 by Take-Two Interactive.	2K China	Shanghai
headquarters location	The New York Board of Trade (NYBOT, renamed ICE Futures US in September, 2007), is a physical commodity futures exchange located in New York City.	New York Board of Trade	New York City
headquarters location	Greenplum was a big data analytics company headquartered in San Mateo, California.	Greenplum	San Mateo
headquarters location	The Scottish Youth Hostels Association (SYHA; Gaelic: Comann Osdailean Òigridh na h-Alba), founded in 1931, is part of Hostelling International and provides youth hostel accommodation in Scotland.	Scottish Youth Hostels Association	Scotland
headquarters location	Cromemco was a Mountain View, California microcomputer company known for its high-end Z80-based S-100 bus computers and peripherals in the early days of the personal computer revolution.	Cromemco	Mountain View
headquarters location	The MTV World Design Studio is a multidisciplinary studio based in Milan that provides exclusive creative direction for the MTV International Network as well as other brands inside the Viacom group.	MTV World Design Studio	Milan
headquarters location	Corticon is an international, privately held company headquartered in Redwood City, California, with offices in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Japan.	Corticon	Redwood City
headquarters location	Noblis is a nonprofit research corporation headquartered in Annandale, Virginia.	Noblis	Annandale
headquarters location	Cicero Networks is a privately owned software development company based in Dublin, Ireland.	Cicero Networks	Dublin
headquarters location	Zhejiang Jonway Automobile Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 浙江永源汽车有限公司; pinyin: Zhèjiāng yǒng yuán qìchē yǒuxiàn gōngsī), trading as Jonway, is a Chinese automobile manufacturer based in Taizhou, Zhejiang.	Jonway	Taizhou
headquarters location	Battery Manufacturing Association (BMA) was a British company located in Hove.	Battery Manufacturing Association	Hove
headquarters location	Engagement Labs Inc. is a Canadian company headquartered in Montreal, with offices in Toronto, Paris, and Mexico City.	Engagement Labs	Montreal
headquarters location	ShowClix is a full-service event-ticketing company headquartered in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	ShowClix	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	Bag & Baggage Productions is a professional theatre company based in Hillsboro, in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Bag & Baggage Productions	Hillsboro
headquarters location	Music Lingua is a Limited Liability Partnership based in Bozeman, Montana.	Music Lingua	Bozeman
headquarters location	The Caps Brothers Manufacturing Company was a very short lived car company in 1905 that was taken over by the Kansas City Motor Car Company, which made cars and trucks from 1905 to 1909 before briefly becoming the Wonder Motor Car Company which made the 1909 Kansas City Wonder car.	Caps Brothers Manufacturing Company	Kansas City
headquarters location	GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 广汽丰田汽车有限公司) is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Guangzhou, China and a joint-venture between GAC Group and Toyota Motor Company.	GAC Toyota	Guangzhou
headquarters location	Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena (BSKS) is a New Delhi-based nationalist right-wing organization led by Tajinder Pal Singh Bagga.	Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena	New Delhi
headquarters location	The current Virgin Hotels company, based in Miami, United States, is currently seeking hotel opportunities and is preparing its first hotels.	Virgin Hotels	Miami
headquarters location	Siam Piwat is a Bangkok based retail and development company.	Siam Piwat	Bangkok
headquarters location	Al-Ameen Educational Society was started in the year 1966 to meet the needs of education in the city of Bangalore and of the minority Muslim community.	Al-Ameen Educational Society	Bangalore
headquarters location	Icahn Enterprises L.P. is an American conglomerate company headquartered at the General Motors Building in New York City, New York.	Icahn Enterprises	General Motors Building
headquarters location	West Corporation is a publicly traded telecommunications services provider based in Omaha, Nebraska.	West Corporation	Omaha
headquarters location	Heretic Films is an American film production company, based in the mountain resort town of Park City, Utah.	Heretic Films	Park City
headquarters location	Inmos Limited's head office and design office was located at Aztec West in Bristol, England.	Inmos	Bristol
headquarters location	Baywest Homes is a residential home builder with operations in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and is a division of Bordeaux Developments.	Baywest Homes	Calgary
headquarters location	Oorja Fuel Cells was founded in 2004 by Dr. Sanjiv Malhotra in Fremont, California.	Oorja Fuel Cells	Fremont
headquarters location	Today, in addition to its Boston office, AlgoSec has sales offices in London and Singapore, and a Research and Development Center in Petah Tikva, Israel and London.	AlgoSec	Boston
headquarters location	Blinco Systems Inc. is a privately owned software company, based in Toronto, Canada, that specializes in Global Commerce Management software solutions for importers, exporters, third-party logistics providers, distributors and brand management companies.	Blinco Systems Inc.	Toronto
headquarters location	Headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya, the bank owns subsidiary companies in Kenya, Uganda and a controlling interest (51% shareholding), in NIC Bank Tanzania, a commercial bank in neighboring Tanzania.	NIC Bank	Nairobi
headquarters location	John Smith's Brewery in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, England, produces beers including John Smith's, the biggest selling bitter in the United Kingdom since the mid-1990s.	John Smith's Brewery	Tadcaster
headquarters location	Belau Air is a Palauan airline with its headquarters in Koror.	Belau Air	Koror
headquarters location	Benecke-Kaliko AG, based in Hanover, develops and manufactures technical and decorative surface materials made of plastics.	Benecke-Kaliko	Hanover
headquarters location	Grenzebach BSH (GmbH) was established following the take-over of Babcock-BSH GmbH by Grenzebach Maschinenbau GmbH. Grenzebach BSH GmbH has its registered office in Bad Hersfeld, Germany, and has been a member of the Grenzebach group since October 2002.	Grenzebach BSH	Bad Hersfeld
headquarters location	Wharf T&T Limited (Chinese: 九倉電訊有限公司), is, as of 2010, the second largest fixed line telecommunication operator in Hong Kong.	Wharf T&T	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Hegel Audio AS is a manufacturer of High fidelity audio equipment, based in Oslo, Norway.	Hegel Audio AS	Oslo
headquarters location	On February 28, 2008, an action was filed in the Simpson Circuit Court, Franklin, Kentucky, entitled CNET Networks, Inc v. GameZnFlix, Inc., D/B/A GameZnFlix.com.	GameZnFlix	Franklin
headquarters location	The Detroit Copper Mining Company of Arizona was an American copper mining and smelting company based in Morenci, Arizona.	Detroit Copper Mining Company of Arizona	Morenci
headquarters location	The McCain Institute for International Leadership is a Washington, D.C.-based think tank in cooperation with Arizona State University whose mission is to ``advance leadership based on security, economic opportunity, freedom, and human dignity, in the United States and around the world.''	McCain Institute	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Etheric Networks is an Internet Service Provider based in Redwood City, California serving the San Francisco Bay Area.	Etheric Networks	Redwood City
headquarters location	Four Seas Ice Cream is an independent ice cream shop located in Centerville, Massachusetts.	Four Seas Ice Cream	Centerville, Massachusetts
headquarters location	Grimaldi Industri AB of Stockholm, Sweden, is a holding company that owns:	Grimaldi Industri	Stockholm
headquarters location	Apollo Vredestein B.V. has its head office in Enschede, the Netherlands.	Apollo Vredestein B.V.	Enschede
headquarters location	WorldStrides is headquartered in Charlottesville, Virginia and maintains 16 office locations.	WorldStrides	Charlottesville
headquarters location	Insite is the first legal supervised drug injection site in North America, located at 139 East Hastings Street, in the Downtown Eastside (DTES) neighbourhood of Vancouver, British Columbia.	Insite	Vancouver
headquarters location	Thomas Tunnock Limited, commonly known as Tunnock's, is a family baker based in Uddingston, Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Tunnock's	Uddingston
headquarters location	Compass Light is a video production company based in Camden, Maine.	Compass Light	Camden
headquarters location	Love Honor Cherish or LHC is a Los-Angeles based, non-profit, civil rights organization that advocates for the rights of gay and lesbian couples to marry in California and the repeal of Proposition 8 at the November 2, 2010 general election.	Love Honor Cherish	Los-Angeles
headquarters location	Ocean Conservancy (founded as The Delta Corporation) is a nonprofit environmental advocacy group based in Washington, D.C., United States.	Ocean Conservancy	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	The Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics & Policy (CDDEP) is a public health research organization with headquarters in Washington, D.C. and New Delhi.	Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics & Policy	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	SKUvantage is an ecommerce product content service and technology company, based in Sydney, Australia, providing product photography and other product content related services and technology solutions.	SKUvantage	Sydney
headquarters location	Headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, Revere, Inc. is a privately held company whose primary shareholder is the private investment company Avantce, LLC.	Revere, Inc.	Birmingham
headquarters location	Lighthouse Cooperative is an associational cooperative established in Tuguegarao City, Cagayan, Philippines in July 7, 1998 by founder Rosauro ``Pastor Ross'' G. Resuello, together with Arturo B. Tabbu, Christian D. Sales, Andy L. Catulin, Serafin Umoquit, and 10 more cooperators.	Lighthouse Cooperative	Tuguegarao
headquarters location	The National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) is a major Pakistani commercial bank with headquarters in Karachi.	National Bank of Pakistan	Karachi
headquarters location	The German Medical Association (GMA) (German: Bundesärztekammer (BÄK)), founded in 1947 and based in Berlin, is the co-ordinating body of physicians'' self-regulation in Germany.	German Medical Association	Berlin
headquarters location	The headquarters of Gideons International is in Nashville, Tennessee.	Gideons International	Nashville
headquarters location	The McClatchy Company is a publicly traded American publishing company based in Sacramento, California.	The McClatchy Company	Sacramento
headquarters location	Waldemar Behn or simply called BEHN is an alcoholic beverage family company in Eckernförde, Germany, that was established in 1892.	Waldemar Behn	Eckernförde
headquarters location	Old Ebbitt Grill is a historic bar and restaurant located at 675 15th Street NW in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Old Ebbitt Grill	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	International Business Systems (IBS) is a supply chain management company that provides professional services and enterprise resource management software for distributors and wholesalers, with its headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden.	International Business Systems	Stockholm
headquarters location	Based in the Hotels Division Headquarters at the ITC Green Centre in Gurgaon, New Delhi, ITC Hotels is also the exclusive franchisee of The Luxury Collection brand of Starwood Hotels and Resorts in India.	ITC Hotels	Gurgaon
headquarters location	Nersisian School (Armenian: Ներսիսեան դպրոց, Nersisian dprots; Georgian: ნერსისიანის სემინარია, Nersisyanis seminaria; Russian: Нерсесяновское училище, Nersisyanovskoye učilišče) was an Armenian higher education institution in the city of Tiflis, then Russian Empire (now Tbilisi, Georgia).	Nersisian School	Tbilisi
headquarters location	Bridgewater Bank is a Canadian Schedule I chartered bank based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Bridgewater Bank	Calgary
headquarters location	UCL Business PLC (UCLB) is the technology-transfer company of University College London (UCL) and is headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	UCL Business	London
headquarters location	Based in Jakarta, Indonesia, Lion Air is the country's largest privately run airline, and the second largest airline, flying to 79 destinations in Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam and Saudi Arabia, as well as charter routes to China and Hong Kong.	Lion Air	Jakarta
headquarters location	Alderbrink Press was a book publishing firm in Chicago run by Ralph Fletcher Seymour from 1897 until 1965.	Alderbrink Press	Chicago
headquarters location	Value Line is an independent investment research and financial publishing firm based in New York City, New York, USA, founded in 1931 by Arnold Bernhard.	Value Line	New York City
headquarters location	Formed by Anita Sinclair, Ken Gordon and Hugh Steers in 1984, London-based Magnetic Scrolls initially dabbled with development on the Sinclair QL home computer before deciding to take advantage of the emerging Atari ST and Amiga gaming platforms.	Magnetic Scrolls	London
headquarters location	The Lightstone Group has more than 450 employees and is headquartered in New York City with regional offices in New Jersey, Maryland and Illinois.	The Lightstone Group	New York City
headquarters location	Novartis International AG is a Swiss multinational pharmaceutical company based in Basel, Switzerland, ranking number one in sales (57.9 billion US$) among the world-wide industry in 2013.	Novartis	Basel
headquarters location	Taschenbergpalais is a grand hotel in Dresden, Germany.	Taschenbergpalais	Dresden
headquarters location	Solido Design Automation Inc. is an electronic design automation (EDA) software company, headquartered in San Jose, California.	Solido Design Automation	San Jose
headquarters location	Response Dynamics, Inc. is a privately held Vienna, Virginia-based direct marketing company.	Response Dynamics	Vienna
headquarters location	Malvern Star is a manufacturer of bicycles, located in Melbourne, Australia.	Malvern Star	Melbourne
headquarters location	ManpowerGroup (formerly known as ManPower Inc.) is an American multinational human resource consulting firm headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA.	ManpowerGroup	Milwaukee
headquarters location	Geac Computer Corporation, Ltd (TWSE: GAC and NASDAQ: GEAC) was a producer of enterprise resource planning, performance management, and industry specific software based in Markham, Ontario.	Geac Computer Corporation	Markham
headquarters location	Founded in 1986, Montgomery & Co. is an merchant bank located in Santa Monica, California.	Montgomery & Co.	Santa Monica
headquarters location	Green Lake Jewelry Works is a fine jewelry retailer in Seattle that specializes in custom-made jewelry.	Green Lake Jewelry Works	Seattle
headquarters location	Sohu, Inc. (Chinese: 搜狐; pinyin: Sōuhú; literally: ``Search-fox'') is a Chinese Internet company headquartered in the Sohu Internet Plaza in Haidian District, Beijing.	Sohu	Beijing
headquarters location	Catalina Pottery (or Catalona Island Pottery) is the commonly used name for Catalina Clay Products, a division of the Santa Catalina Island Company, which produced brick, tile, tableware and decorative pottery on Santa Catalina Island, California.	Catalina Pottery	Santa Catalina Island
headquarters location	Spamchek is the trade name for a range of managed email services developed and operated by ENIDAN Technologies GmbH in Herrliberg, Switzerland.	Spamchek	Herrliberg
headquarters location	Revue Noire was created in 1991 in Paris with the objective of demonstrating that ``there is art in Africa''.	Revue Noire	Paris
headquarters location	Doosan Lentjes' main headquarters are in Ratingen, Germany.	Doosan Lentjes	Ratingen
headquarters location	Hanna Instruments is headquartered in Woonsocket, Rhode Island and has manufacturing sites in Mauritius, Singapore, Hungary and Romania.	Hanna Instruments	Woonsocket
headquarters location	Melior Discovery, Inc. is a private biopharmaceutical company based in Exton, Pennsylvania, USA.	Melior Discovery	Exton
headquarters location	Shenzhen Zhongjin Lingnan Nonfemet Company Limited (SZSE: 000060), shortly Zhongjin Lingnan or Nonfemet, is a Chinese company engaged in the mining and processing of lead, zinc and other non-ferrous metals.	Zhongjin Lingnan	Shenzhen
headquarters location	Head Wrightson was a big heavy industrial firm based at Thornaby-on-Tees on Teesside in England.	Head Wrightson	Thornaby-on-Tees
headquarters location	Piasecki Helicopter Corporation was a designer and manufacturer of helicopters located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and nearby Morton, Pennsylvania, in the late 1940s and the 1950s.	Piasecki Helicopter	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Club Nautico di Roma is a private yacht club located in Rome, Italy.	Club Nautico di Roma	Rome
headquarters location	Forces Financial was established in 1999 and is based in Suffolk with its company headquarters situated in Ipswich.	Forces Financial	Ipswich
headquarters location	Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Living Direct encompasses a network of specialty eCommerce websites including CompactAppliance.com, LivingDirect.com, PortableAirShop.com, Kegerator.com, SimplyDehumidifiers.com, HotWaterSource.com and WineCoolerDirect.com.	Living Direct	Austin
headquarters location	In 1995, Padini Holdings Sdn Bhd was converted to a public company limited by shares and adopted the name, Padini Holdings Berhad and soon listed on the Second Board of the then Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange.	Padini	Kuala Lumpur
headquarters location	In August 2013, Shopify acquired Jet Cooper, a 25-person design studio based in Toronto.	Shopify	Toronto
headquarters location	Thuzio is a New York City based company that helps connect athletes and other talent to businesses and consumers.	Thuzio	New York City
headquarters location	Concord Well Servicing, a company based in Calgary, Alberta, is an operating company of CCS Corporation.	Concord Well Servicing	Calgary
headquarters location	Co-Ro Food is a manufacturer of fruit-based uncarbonated soft drinks based in Frederikssund, Denmark.	Co-Ro Food	Frederikssund
headquarters location	The Imperial Porcelain Factory (or Manufactory) (Russian: Императорский Фарфоровый Завод, Imperatorskii Farforovyi Zavod), is a producer of handpainted ceramics in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Imperial Porcelain Factory	Saint Petersburg
headquarters location	New World PCS Limited or NWPCS (Chinese: 新世界流動電話有限公司) was the mobile communication provider of ``New World Mobility'' in Hong Kong.	New World PCS Limited	Hong Kong
headquarters location	A+B Kasha is a French company specializing in the restoration of historic apartments and luxury real estate sales in the Saint-Germain-des-Prés area of Paris.	A+B Kasha	Paris
headquarters location	BT Group's world headquarters and registered office is the BT Centre, a 10-storey office building at 81 Newgate Street in the City of London, opposite St. Paul's tube station.	BT Group	BT Centre
headquarters location	Presently, Batshaw Youth and Family Centres runs a series of group homes across Montreal, as well as youth detention centers.	Batshaw Youth and Family Centres	Montreal
headquarters location	Thales Air Defence Limited, formerly Shorts Missile Systems, is a defence contractor based in Belfast, Northern Ireland producing short-range or close air defence missiles.	Thales Air Defence	Belfast
headquarters location	American State Bank first opened on May 20, 1948 in Lubbock.	American State Bank	Lubbock
headquarters location	The University of Pereslavl (Russian ``Университет города Переславля'' им. А.К. Айламазяна) is an institute located in Pereslavl-Zalessky, Russia.	University of Pereslavl	Pereslavl-Zalessky
headquarters location	Starr Labs is a Musical Instrument manufacturer that was founded in 1986 in San Diego, California by musician and inventor Harvey Starr.	Starr Labs	San Diego
headquarters location	Jagjaguwar is an indie rock record label based in Bloomington, Indiana.	Jagjaguwar	Bloomington
headquarters location	Saint Blues Guitar Workshop is a manufacturer of high-end Boutique Electric Guitars from Memphis, Tennessee.	Saint Blues Guitar Workshop	Memphis
headquarters location	Regie voor Maritiem Transport was the Belgian state-owned ferry service and operated ferries on the Ostend-Dover route under the name Oostende Lines.	Regie voor Maritiem Transport	Ostend
headquarters location	Wigwam Mills is a hosiery company based in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.	Wigwam Mills	Sheboygan
headquarters location	Toyota Material Handling, U.S.A., Inc. (TMHU), headquartered in Columbus, Indiana, is the U.S. distributor of Toyota lift trucks and tow tractors.	Toyota Material Handling, U.S.A., Inc.	Columbus
headquarters location	Griswold Manufacturing was an American manufacturer of cast iron home products founded in Erie, Pennsylvania in 1865 that finally closed in 1957.	Griswold Manufacturing	Erie
headquarters location	Western India Shipyard Limited was registered in 1993 and has a dedicated composite ship repair yard at Mormugao Harbour at Goa under a 25 year licence agreement with the Mormugao Port Trust.	Western India Shipyard	Mormugao
headquarters location	Lowes Foods is a grocery store chain based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	Lowes Foods	Winston-Salem
headquarters location	Celtro Communication (2012) LTD. is a communications technologies vendor for mobile Backhaul (telecommunications) compression and optimization solutions headquartered in Petah Tikva Israel with additional offices in Russia, Africa and India.	Celtro Communication	Petah Tikva
headquarters location	The Bank of Alexandria is one of the largest banks in Egypt, with 210 branches across the country.	Bank of Alexandria	Egypt
headquarters location	Taleo Corporation was a publicly traded database vendor based in Dublin, California.	Taleo	Dublin
headquarters location	The Game Crafter, LLC (TGC) is a Madison, Wisconsin company that produces tabletop game components and custom print on demand card games and board games.	The Game Crafter	Madison
headquarters location	Booker Software, Inc. is a software company headquartered in New York City that develops, markets, and supports cloud-based management systems for service-based businesses.	Booker Software	New York City
headquarters location	Packard was an American luxury automobile marque built by the Packard Motor Car Company of Detroit, Michigan, United States, and later by the Studebaker-Packard Corporation of South Bend, Indiana.	Packard	Detroit
headquarters location	In Spain, DigiProces is located near Barcelona at Castellar del Vallès.	DigiProces	Castellar del Vallès
headquarters location	Dansko is a comfort footwear company based in West Grove, Pennsylvania.	Dansko	West Grove
headquarters location	Constantia Flexibles is a manufacturer of flexible packaging headquartered in Vienna, Austria.	Constantia Flexibles	Vienna
headquarters location	Bank Medici AG was a bank based in Vienna, Austria.	Bank Medici	Vienna
headquarters location	Trump Entertainment Resorts, Inc. is a gaming and hospitality company that owns and operates the Trump Taj Mahal hotel and casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.	Trump Entertainment Resorts	Trump Taj Mahal
headquarters location	Phoenix Nuclear Labs (PNL), located in Monona, Wisconsin, is a company specializing in neutron generator technology.	Phoenix Nuclear Labs	Monona
headquarters location	Latigent, LLC of Chicago, IL, was founded in 2002, as a privately held and funded company, by Chris Crosby and Jason Kolb, two veterans of the contact center industry.	Latigent	Chicago
headquarters location	O/Y Autokoritehdas was a bus coach and lorry cabin builder which operated in Helsinki, Finland in 1923--1933.	Autokoritehdas	Helsinki
headquarters location	SpaceDev is based near San Diego in Poway, California.	SpaceDev	Poway, California
headquarters location	TAG Heuer is based in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland and is led by President and CEO Jean-Claude Biver.	TAG Heuer	La Chaux-de-Fonds
headquarters location	Silver Style Entertainment was a video game developer based in Berlin, Germany, founded in 1993.	Silver Style Entertainment	Berlin
headquarters location	The Air Craft Marine Engineering Company (ACME) was a short-lived aircraft manufacturer based in Van Nuys, California.	Air Craft Marine Engineering	Van Nuys
headquarters location	China Airlines has its headquarters, CAL Park (Chinese: 華航園區; pinyin: Huáháng Yuánqū), on the grounds of Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport in Dayuan Township, Taoyuan County.	China Airlines	CAL Park
headquarters location	Deccan 360 also known as Deccan Cargo & Express Logistics was a cargo airline based in Bangalore, India.	Deccan 360	Bangalore
headquarters location	The shares of the stock of Garanti Bank are traded on the Borsa Istanbul, LSE and OTCQX.	Garanti Bank	Istanbul
headquarters location	Shin Vision Srl was an Italian company based in Rome that published Japanese anime and manga, as well as in merchandising, film/live action, non-Japanese cartoons, and music.	Shin Vision	Rome
headquarters location	Hayball is a Melbourne based Australian architectural practice offering architecture, interior design and urban planning services.	Hayball	Melbourne
headquarters location	Boon Brewery (Brouwerij Boon) is a Belgian brewery situated in Lembeek, near Brussels, that mainly produces geuze and kriek beer of a fairly traditional lambic variety, but using distinctly modern brewing techniques and equipment.	Boon Brewery	Lembeek
headquarters location	Telonium Communications is a privately held, Voice over IP (VoIP) hosted PBX service provider, based in Atlanta, Georgia.	Telonium Communications	Atlanta
headquarters location	LucidEra was a privately held company headquartered in San Mateo, California.	LucidEra	San Mateo
headquarters location	As of 2010, all Gaggia espresso and coffee machines are still manufactured in Milan at the Robecco sul Naviglio factory.	Gaggia	Robecco sul Naviglio
headquarters location	Superior Air Parts, Inc. is a manufacturer of aviation piston engine replacement parts, headquartered in Coppell, Texas, United States and owned by the Chinese company Superior Aviation Beijing.	Superior Air Parts	Coppell
headquarters location	Headquartered in Vancouver, Canada, Methanex has a global network of operating facilities in Chile, New Zealand, Trinidad and Tobago, Egypt and Canada.	Methanex	Vancouver
headquarters location	Air Commerz was set up in Hamburg in early 1970.	Air Commerz	Hamburg
headquarters location	A-1 Express Delivery Service, Inc. is an Atlanta transportation, distribution (business), and courier service company headquartered in Metro Atlanta, United States and incorporated in 1997.	A-1 Express Delivery Service	Atlanta
headquarters location	Emperor International Holdings Limited (英皇集團(國際)有限公司) is an investment holding company, which is principally engaged in property investments, property development and self-run hotel with a total GFA of 4.8 million sq. ft. in Hong Kong, Macau and China.	Emperor International Holdings Limited	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Arkema is a leading specialty chemicals and advanced materials company headquartered in Colombes, near Paris, France.	Arkema	Colombes
headquarters location	ERACE, also known as Eracism is an anti-racism organization created in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1993 by Brenda Thompson, Black, and Rhoda Faust, White, in response to racially charged statements in letters to the editors of the Times-Picayune series ``Together Apart/The Myth of Race''.	ERACE	New Orleans
headquarters location	Block Drug Company was a pharmaceutical company based in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States, that specialized in dental care products.	Block Drug	Jersey City
headquarters location	Elektrim SA, is a Polish public company trading since 1992 on the Warsaw Stock Exchange, and is the result of the privatization of the former PHZ Elektrim.	Elektrim	Warsaw
headquarters location	Microland is an Indian IT company based in Bangalore.	Microland	Bangalore
headquarters location	CEDADE, whose headquarters were located in Barcelona, established a branch in Madrid in 1973.	CEDADE	Barcelona
headquarters location	Power Vehicle Innovation or PVI is a French truck and bus manufacturer, based in Gretz-Armainvilliers near Paris, France, specialized in electric powertrains.	Power Vehicle Innovation	Gretz-Armainvilliers
headquarters location	MCI Capital SA - private equity fund listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange active in the Central and Eastern Europe.	MCI Capital	Warsaw
headquarters location	MisterCertified is based in Tampa, Florida and was founded in 2001.	MisterCertified	Tampa
headquarters location	Phillips & Drew was a large stockbroking partnership and company based in the City of London, England.	Phillips & Drew	London
headquarters location	Cedille Records is the independent record label of The Chicago Classical Recording Foundation.	Cedille Records	Chicago
headquarters location	Borland was first headquartered in Scotts Valley, California, then in Cupertino, California, and now in Austin, Texas.	Borland	Austin
headquarters location	Nouvelair Limited Company (French: Nouvelair Société Anonyme, Tunisian Arabic: الطيران الجديد تونس‎), trading as Nouvelair Tunisie, or simply Nouvelair, is a Tunisian airline with its registered office in Tunis, while its head office in the Dhkila Tourist Zone in Monastir, near the Hôtel Sahara Beach.	Nouvelair	Monastir
headquarters location	The Chinese Legend chain was founded in 1994 in Sydney.	Chinese Legend	Sydney
headquarters location	MoneyGram International Inc. is a money transfer company based in the United States with headquarters in Dallas, Texas.	MoneyGram	Dallas
headquarters location	GIC Private Limited, formerly known as Government of Singapore Investment Corporation, is a sovereign wealth fund established by the Government of Singapore in 1981 to manage Singapore's foreign reserves.	GIC Private Limited	Singapore
headquarters location	Museum Store Company is an online retailer headquartered in Denver, Colorado, USA.	Museum Store Company	Denver
headquarters location	Gebran Geahchan & Sons SAL, known as ``Gebran Geahchan & Fils SAL'' in French, is Lebanon's leading retailer and distributor for baby products.	Gebran Geahchan & Sons	Lebanon
headquarters location	The United States Wrestling Association or USWA was a professional wrestling promotion based in Memphis, Tennessee.	United States Wrestling Association	Memphis
headquarters location	Tribe Pictures is a film production company headquartered in Chatham Borough, New Jersey.	Tribe Pictures	Chatham Borough, New Jersey
headquarters location	Erdem Architects maintains offices in Ankara, Istanbul and New York.	Erdem Architects	Istanbul
headquarters location	Forum Communications Company is a media firm based in Fargo, North Dakota.	Forum Communications	Fargo
headquarters location	Based in Tukwila, Washington, BECU has over $12 billion in assets and over 850,000 members, making it the largest credit union in Washington and fourth largest in the United States.	BECU	Tukwila
headquarters location	Jako AG is a German sportswear company based in the Hollenbach district of Mulfingen, Baden-Württemberg.	Jako	Mulfingen
headquarters location	Rolawn was founded in 1975 in Scotland before moving headquarters to the North of England in the Vale of York at Elvington, City of York.	Rolawn	Elvington
headquarters location	Leopard Capital also participated in the first IPO on the Cambodia Securities Exchange by investing in the Phnom Penh Water Supply Authority.	Leopard Capital	Phnom Penh
headquarters location	Golaem was created in 2009 in Rennes by researchers and engineers from INRIA, a major French research center, leveraging on 15 years of research on the modeling and simulation of human characters.	Golaem	Rennes
headquarters location	Since January 2004, Mowag has been a company within the General Dynamics European Land Systems group and at present employs around 750 highly skilled personnel at the facility in Kreuzlingen, Switzerland.	Mowag	Kreuzlingen
headquarters location	Playdek is an independent video game development company founded in 2011, based in Carlsbad, California.	Playdek	Carlsbad
headquarters location	Round Table Advertising (Round Table) is a privately held full-service advertising agency located in Toronto, Ontario.	Round Table Advertising	Toronto
headquarters location	Headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, SWBC employs nearly 2,000 people nationwide and is licensed to do business in all 50 U.S. states.	SWBC	San Antonio
headquarters location	With its headquarters in Irvine, California, Printronix employs over 600 personnel through its 14 offices worldwide.	Printronix	Irvine
headquarters location	The Cruising Yacht Club of Australia(CYCA), established in 1944 in Rushcutters Bay, inner-east Sydney.	Cruising Yacht Club of Australia	Sydney
headquarters location	Based in Quebec City and founded in 2003, Frima Studio is a Canadian multiplatform game developer.	Frima Studio	Quebec City
headquarters location	The Progressive Building Society was founded in 1914 in Belfast, and operates 12 branches across Northern Ireland.	Progressive Building Society	Belfast
headquarters location	Grant, Ritchie and Company was a Scottish engineering firm based in Kilmarnock, Scotland.	Grant, Ritchie and Company	Kilmarnock
headquarters location	Aero Trasporti Italiani (ATI) was an Italian airline headquartered in Naples, Italy.	Aero Trasporti Italiani	Naples
headquarters location	Benelli Armi SpA is an Italian firearm manufacturer founded in 1967, located in Urbino, Italy, best known for high quality shotguns used by military, law enforcement and civilians all over the world.	Benelli Armi SpA	Urbino
headquarters location	On July 12, 2010, London-based insurance broker, Aon plc (at the time Aon Corporation, based in Chicago near Hewitt's Lincolnshire headquarters), announced that it had agreed to acquire Hewitt Associates for $4.9 billion in cash and stock.	Hewitt Associates	Lincolnshire
headquarters location	Data Explorers is a privately owned financial data and software company headquartered in London, UK with offices in New York, US, Edinburgh and Hong Kong.	Data Explorers	London
headquarters location	Founded by Javid Alavi in London in 1967, and with a presence on Carnaby Street, Merc Clothing aimed to fill a demand for a specific look in 1960s England.	Merc Clothing	London
headquarters location	Alpha Cables is a television broadcaster based in Multan.It serves cable and broadband access to many homes around Multan.	Alpha Cables	Multan
headquarters location	The Rhenish-Westphalian Coal Syndicate (ger.: Rheinisch-Westfälisches Kohlen-Syndikat -RWKS) was a cartel established in 1893 in Essen bringing together the major coal producers in the Ruhr.	Rhenish-Westphalian Coal Syndicate	Essen
headquarters location	Donut King is Australia's biggest doughnut franchise, based on the Gold Coast, Queensland.	Donut King	Gold Coast
headquarters location	Hong Kong Aircraft Engineering Company Limited (Chinese: 香港飛機工程有限公司), better known as HAECO (港機工程), (SEHK: 0044, OTC Pink: HKAEY).	HAECO	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Lanner Group Ltd is a discrete event simulation software company headquartered in Henley-in-Arden, Warwickshire.	Lanner Group Ltd	Henley-in-Arden
headquarters location	PTI Securities & Futures is a money management, securities and discount brokerage firm with offices in Chicago, Illinois and Peoria, Arizona.	PTI Securities & Futures	Chicago
headquarters location	Kahn's is an American meat processing and distribution company established in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Kahn's	Cincinnati
headquarters location	High Fidelity HDTV was headquartered in Toronto, Ontario and it operated 4 HD channels.	High Fidelity HDTV	Toronto
headquarters location	Ocata Therapeutics ( named Advanced Cell Technology, Incorporated (ACT) until November 2014) is a biotechnology company located in Marlborough, Massachusetts, USA.	Ocata Therapeutics	Marlborough
headquarters location	Publishers Clearing House was founded in 1953 in Port Washington, New York, by Harold Mertz, a former manager of a door-to-door sales team for magazine subscriptions.	Publishers Clearing House	Port Washington
headquarters location	NaturalMotion is a British software company with offices in Oxford, London, Brighton and San Francisco.	NaturalMotion	Oxford
headquarters location	Kehrer Verlag is a publisher of books of fine art, photography, and on culture and sound art. It is based in Heidelberg, Germany, and was founded in 1995 by Klaus Kehrer.	Kehrer Verlag	Heidelberg
headquarters location	Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. is a global professional services firm with headquarters in New York City.	Marsh & McLennan Companies	New York City
headquarters location	Gulf and Fraser Fishermen's Credit Union operating as G&F Financial Group is a member-owned financial institution in Burnaby, British Columbia and the tenth largest credit union in British Columbia.	Gulf and Fraser Fishermen's Credit Union	Burnaby
headquarters location	Nordea is listed on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange, Helsinki Stock Exchange and Stockholm Stock Exchange.	Nordea	Stockholm
headquarters location	ZootFly was founded in December 2002 in Ljubljana, Slovenia by industry veterans Boštjan Troha, Denis Rožaj and David Pangerl.	ZootFly	Ljubljana
headquarters location	Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment Pvt Ltd is a Mumbai-based production company as a part of Hindi film industry.	Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment	Mumbai
headquarters location	First Jersey Credit Union is a federally insured, state chartered, 102 million dollar, 7,606 member, natural person, credit union operating from two branches in Passaic County, New Jersey.	First Jersey Credit Union	Passaic County
headquarters location	The Illinois Family Institute (IFI) is a Christian organization based in Carol Stream, Illinois.	Illinois Family Institute	Carol Stream
headquarters location	The Mondragon Bookstore & Coffeehouse was a political bookstore and vegan cafe located in The Old Market Autonomous Zone at 91 Albert Street in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Mondragon Bookstore & Coffeehouse	Winnipeg
headquarters location	QLogic Corporation is a manufacturer of networking server and storage networking connectivity and application acceleration solutions, based in Aliso Viejo, California.	QLogic	Aliso Viejo
headquarters location	The name originates from the location of the studios (which double as the home office for Adult Swim) at 1065 Williams Street NW in Atlanta, Georgia, near the current offices of TBS and TNT on Techwood Drive.	Williams Street	Atlanta
headquarters location	Rimi Baltic is a major retail operator in the Baltic states based in Riga, Latvia.	Rimi Baltic	Riga
headquarters location	Founded by Indian expatriate Firoz Merchant in 1989, the first Pure Gold Jewellers store was established in Dubai.	Pure Gold Jewellers	Dubai
headquarters location	The Wagner Manufacturing Company was a family-owned manufacturer of cast iron and aluminum products based in Sidney, Ohio, US.	Wagner Manufacturing Company	Sidney
headquarters location	Doosan Power Systems' headquarters are located in Crawley, England.	Doosan Power Systems	Crawley
headquarters location	Team Mini-Max, LLC is a kit aircraft manufacturer located in Niles, Michigan.	Team Mini-Max	Niles, Michigan
headquarters location	The Défi Vert de Québec (DVQ), literally `` Québec's Green Challenge'', is a municipal political party in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	Défi Vert de Québec	Quebec City
headquarters location	Siddharth Institute of Engineering and Technology (SIETK) (affiliated to JNTU Anathapur) is a popular engineering college in Puttur, Andhra Pradesh, India.	SIETK	Puttur, Andhra Pradesh
headquarters location	The Silver Lining Foundation (Chinese: 雲彩行動,YúnCǎiXíngDòng ) was founded in Nanning, Guangxi, China, in 2007.	Silver Lining Foundation	Nanning
headquarters location	Founded in 1911, SNC-Lavalin Group Inc., a Montreal-based company, provides EPC and EPCM services in a variety of industry sectors, including mining and metallurgy, oil and gas, environment and water, infrastructure and clean power.	SNC-Lavalin	Montreal
headquarters location	Martin Williams Advertising, Inc. is an advertising agency, based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Martin Williams Advertising	Minneapolis
headquarters location	Kixeye (stylized as KIXEYE, formerly known as Casual Collective) is a San Francisco, California based developer of online strategy and combat games with over 5 million monthly active users.	Kixeye	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Alternative Democratic Reform Party (Luxembourgish: Alternativ Demokratesch Reformpartei, French: Parti réformiste d'alternative démocratique, German: Alternative Demokratische Reformpartei), abbreviated to ADR, is a conservative political party in Luxembourg.	Alternative Democratic Reform Party	Luxembourg
headquarters location	Sky Lease Cargo (formerly Tradewinds Airlines) is an American cargo airline based in Greensboro, North Carolina.	Sky Lease Cargo	Greensboro
headquarters location	Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWP) is a publicly traded company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.	Mueller Water Products	Atlanta
headquarters location	Egosoft GmbH is a video game developer founded in 1988 and based in Würselen, Aachen, Germany.	Egosoft	Würselen
headquarters location	North American Palladium Ltd. (TSX: PDL, NYSE MKT: PAL), founded in 1968 as Madeleine Mines Ltd., is a mining company with headquarters located at Toronto, Canada.	North American Palladium	Toronto
headquarters location	Colefax Group plc is a designer and distributor of furnishing fabrics and wallpaper, based in London in the United Kingdom.	Colefax Group	London
headquarters location	Bank of Åland has 19 branch offices on the Åland Islands.	Bank of Åland	Åland Islands
headquarters location	50 Eggs Films is an independent film and video production company based in Massachusetts, USA.	50 Eggs Films	Massachusetts
headquarters location	The Savage Arms Company is a firearms manufacturing company based in Westfield, Massachusetts, with a division located in Canada.	Savage Arms	Westfield
headquarters location	Discovery Air Defence, is a Montreal, Quebec-based defence contractor that offers contracted airborne training services to the Canadian Armed Forces through the Contracted Airborne Training Services (CATS) program.	Discovery Air Defence	Montreal
headquarters location	Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) is an Indian conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Reliance Industries	Mumbai
headquarters location	Weatherchem Corporation, headquartered in Twinsburg, Ohio, designs and manufactures plastic dispensing closures for packaging.	Weatherchem	Twinsburg
headquarters location	Hib-Tone is an American recording label, based in Atlanta, Georgia, founded by Jonny Hibbert, a law student at Woodrow Wilson College of Law, in 1981.	Hib-Tone	Atlanta
headquarters location	The Kelham Island Brewery is a small independent brewery based in Sheffield, England.	Kelham Island Brewery	Sheffield
headquarters location	Shoppers Drug Mart Corporation is Canada's largest retail pharmacy chain, and has its headquarters in North York, Toronto, Ontario.	Shoppers Drug Mart	Toronto
headquarters location	The University of Fort Hare is a public university in Alice, Eastern Cape, South Africa.	University of Fort Hare	Alice, Eastern Cape
headquarters location	Payame Noor University (PNU) is a public university system and one of the largest universities in Iran, with its headquarters in Tehran, 31 provincial centers, 485 local study centers, other campuses around the country, and an International Study Center located in the headquarters in Tehran.	Payame Noor University	Tehran
headquarters location	Feeln is owned by Hallmark Cards and based out of Los Angeles.	Feeln	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Laserglow Technologies is an optoelectronics company headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, specializing in the sale of lasers, particularly DPSS and collimated diode lasers.	Laserglow Technologies	Toronto
headquarters location	Founded in October 1976, The Booksmith is an independent bookstore located in the Haight Ashbury neighborhood of San Francisco.	Booksmith	San Francisco
headquarters location	Since then, the Racing Boy brand operates its business in Puchong Utama Industrial Area.	Racing Boy	Puchong
headquarters location	Meizu Technology Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 魅族科技有限公司; pinyin: Mèizú Kējì Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) is a Chinese consumer electronics company based in Zhuhai, Guangdong province, China.	Meizu	Zhuhai
headquarters location	Bond Arms Inc. is a firearms manufacturer located in Granbury, Texas which makes derringers.	Bond Arms	Granbury
headquarters location	Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance (Korean: 삼성화재) (KOSPI # 000810) is a multinational insurance company based in central Seoul, South Korea.	Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance	Seoul
headquarters location	DigiPen Institute of Technology is a for-profit university located in Redmond, Washington.	DigiPen Institute of Technology	Redmond
headquarters location	Saba Foulad Zagros (Persian: صبا فولاد زاگرس‎) is an Iranian steel re-bar manufacturing company headquartered in Tehran, Iran.	Saba Foulad Zagros	Tehran
headquarters location	Cinematronics Inc. was founded in 1975 by Jim Pearce, Dennis Parte and Gary Garrison in El Cajon, California, although early on Parte and Garrison sold their shares to Tom ``Papa'' Stroud.	Cinematronics	El Cajon
headquarters location	System Simulation (SSL) is a software engineering company now specialising in text and multimedia information systems, based in Covent Garden, central London, England, and founded in 1970.	System Simulation	London
headquarters location	Ayoki Fabricon is a mechanical and civil engineering company based in Pune, India.	Ayoki Fabricon	Pune
headquarters location	Phase One Studios is a recording and mixing studio in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that opened in 1974.	Phase One Studios	Toronto
headquarters location	Wayne's Coffee is a Swedish-based coffeehouse chain founded in Stockholm at Kungsgatan in 1994.	Wayne's Coffee	Stockholm
headquarters location	Hell Pizza is a New Zealand-based pizza chain.	Hell Pizza	New Zealand
headquarters location	Fazioli Pianoforti (Italian pronunciation: (faˈtsjɔːli)) is a high-end maker of hand-built piano, based in Sacile, Italy.	Fazioli	Sacile
headquarters location	Brown & Bigelow is a publishing company based in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.	Brown & Bigelow	Saint Paul
headquarters location	Aurica Motors, LLC is a start-up based out of Santa Clara, California that develops a proprietary electronic power train called the Aurica Recurve for electric cars.	Aurica Motors	Santa Clara
headquarters location	Imlek a.d. (full legal name: Akcionarsko društvo Industrija mleka i mlečnih proizvoda Imlek Padinska Skela) is a Serbian food company based in Belgrade.	Imlek a.d.	Belgrade
headquarters location	Werner & Mertz is a German holding company headquartered in Mainz.	Werner & Mertz	Mainz
headquarters location	The Marion-Handley was an automobile built in Jackson, Michigan by the Mutual Motors Company from 1916 to 1919.	Marion-Handley	Jackson
headquarters location	Anti Piracy Maritime Security Solutions (APMSS) of Poole, Dorset, England is a British company established in 2008.	Anti Piracy Maritime Security Solutions	Poole
headquarters location	The Translational Genomics Research Institute (TGen), is a non-profit genomics research institute established in 2002 by Jeffrey Trent, the founding Scientific Director of the National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI), in Phoenix, Arizona, United States.	Translational Genomics Research Institute	Phoenix
headquarters location	China Taiping Insurance Holdings Company (CTIH) formerly China Insurance International Holdings Company Limited, is a Chinese insurance conglomerate incorporated and headquartered in Hong Kong.	China Taiping	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Vedanta Limited, formerly known as Sesa Sterlite/Sesa Goa Limited, a Vedanta Group company is one of the world's largest global diversified natural resource majors, with operations across zinc-lead-silver, oil & gas, iron ore, copper, aluminium and commercial power.	Vedanta Limited	Goa
headquarters location	Advanced Aviation was a manufacturer of ultralight aircraft in kit form based in Orlando, Florida.	Advanced Aviation	Orlando
headquarters location	American Income Life Insurance Company (formerly NASDAQ: AINC), based in Waco, Texas, provides supplemental life insurance to labor unions, credit unions, and associations.	American Income Life Insurance Company	Waco
headquarters location	Payden & Rygel is a privately owned investment management firm based in Los Angeles with $85 billion AUM, founded in 1983 by Joan Payden.	Payden & Rygel	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London.	Palladio Film	Cologne
headquarters location	Gerber Legendary Blades is a maker of consumer knives and multitools headquartered in Tigard, Oregon, United States, within the Portland metropolitan area.	Gerber Legendary Blades	Tigard
headquarters location	Charles E. Carples and Stanley W. Vogel co-founded Casual Corner in 1950 in West Hartford, Connecticut.	Casual Corner	West Hartford
headquarters location	Reckitt Benckiser Group plc (RB) (LSE: RB) is a British multinational consumer goods company headquartered in Slough, England.	Reckitt Benckiser	Slough
headquarters location	Microcosm Publishing is an independent publisher and distributor based in Portland, Oregon.	Microcosm Publishing	Portland
headquarters location	The American Light Opera Company was a semi-professional theatre company performing light operas and musicals in Washington, D.C. from 1960 to 1968.	American Light Opera Company	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Acorn Treatment and Housing, formally known as ADAS (Alcohol and Drug Abstinence Service) is the largest drug and alcohol treatment provider of its type in the North West of England.	Acorn Treatment and Housing	England
headquarters location	Callware Technologies, Inc. (Callware) is a software company in the telecommunication industry, headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Callware	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	The Shaver Transportation Company is an inland water freight transportation company based in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Shaver Transportation Company	Portland
headquarters location	These brands are now owned by WWRD Holdings Ltd (Waterford Crystal, Wedgwood, Royal Doulton), based in Barlaston near Stoke-on-Trent.	Royal Doulton	Stoke-on-Trent
headquarters location	Shandong Iron and Steel Group Co Ltd (Chinese: 山东钢铁集团), commonly known as Shandong Steel, is a Chinese steel company based in Jinan.	Shandong Steel	Jinan
headquarters location	Wild Oak Music Group (WOMG) is an independent record label operated out of the Music Industry program at California State University, Chico in Chico, California and was founded in the fall of 1997.	Wild Oak Music Group	Chico
headquarters location	Golfsmith International Holdings Inc. is a golf specialty retailer based in Austin, Texas.	Golfsmith	Austin
headquarters location	Originally, Antix Productions was based in Cheadle in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, Greater Manchester, but relocated to MediaCityUK in Salford, Greater Manchester in 2011.	Antix Productions	MediaCityUK
headquarters location	In April of 2014 Pepco Holdings Inc. (PHI), Washington D.C.-based parent company of Atlantic City Electric, Delmarva Power, and Pepco.	Pepco	Washington D.C.
headquarters location	Artifice Studio is a Canadian video game development company based just south of Montreal in Longueuil, Quebec.	Artifice Studio	Montreal
headquarters location	The Sino-Spanish Association for Energy and Sustainability (ASEES) is a Spanish non-profit organization founded in 2009 by Cosme de Arana for the promotion of bilateral cooperation between China and Spain in the renewable energy and environment sectors.	Sino-Spanish Association for Energy and Sustainability	Spain
headquarters location	Littelfuse, Inc is a multinational electronic manufacturing company based in Chicago, Illinois.	Littelfuse	Chicago
headquarters location	Paramount Equity LLC., headquartered in Roseville, California, and consists of Paramount Equity Mortgage, a residential mortgage lending company, Paramount Solar, a residential solar power solutions company, and Paramount Equity Insurance Services.	Paramount Equity	Roseville
headquarters location	SinoLatin Capital is a Shanghai-based-merchant bank specializing in private equity and research focused exclusively on cross border transactions between China and Latin America.	SinoLatin Capital	Shanghai
headquarters location	Airdale Sportplane and Supply (also called the Airdale Flyer Company) is an American aircraft manufacturer, founded by Brett McKinney and based in Rhinelander, Wisconsin.	Airdale Sportplane and Supply	Rhinelander
headquarters location	TGV Cinemas (formerly known as Tanjong Golden Village) is the second largest cinema chain in Malaysia.	TGV Cinemas	Malaysia
headquarters location	The Great Western Iron and Steel Company was a company founded in the 1890s in Kirkland, Washington by the city's namesake Peter Kirk to build an integrated smelter and steel mill to refine local ore into steel for rails and other purposes.	Great Western Iron and Steel Company	Kirkland
headquarters location	ATS Automation Tooling Systems is a Cambridge, Ontario based Canadian company which designs and builds factory automation solutions.	ATS Automation Tooling Systems	Cambridge
headquarters location	Got Event AB is a company owned by the City of Gothenburg (sv: Göteborgs Stad) that operates the city's sports venues.	Got Event	Gothenburg
headquarters location	Instagram began development in San Francisco, when Systrom and Brazilian Krieger chose to focus their multi-featured HTML5 check-in project, Burbn, on mobile photography.	Instagram	San Francisco
headquarters location	With more than 140 doctors specializing in 35 different medical specialties, the Harbin Clinic is the largest privately owned multispecialty medical clinic in Georgia, and is a significant part of Rome, Georgia's dominance in the field of healthcare in the triangular area between Chattanooga, Tennessee, Birmingham, Alabama, and Atlanta, Georgia.	Harbin Clinic	Rome
headquarters location	The RIA (Red de Innovación y Aprendizaje), or Leaning and Innovation Network, is a group of education centers that offer members of underserved communities in Mexico access to computers, the Internet and quality education.	RIA (Red de Innovación y Aprendizaje)	Mexico
headquarters location	LifeGem is a diamond company based in Chicago.	LifeGem	Chicago
headquarters location	FreedomPop is a wireless internet and mobile phone service provider based in Los Angeles, California.	FreedomPop	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Musée d'Orsay (French pronunciation: ​(myze dɔʁsɛ)) is a museum in Paris, France, on the left bank of the Seine.	Musée d'Orsay	Paris
headquarters location	Elron Electronic Industries is a technology holding company based in Haifa Israel; since 1962 the company has been involved in setting up, funding and developing over 30 companies and is considered one of the foundation stones of the high-tech industry in Israel.	Elron Electronic Industries	Haifa
headquarters location	Great Fridays is a Manchester-based product and service design company, founded in 2008 by Matthew Farrar and Robert Noble.	Great Fridays	Manchester
headquarters location	Established in June 2012, Citi Orient Securities is headquartered in Shanghai, with representative offices in Beijing, Shenzhen and Xinjiang and has more than 200 employees.	Citi Orient Securities	Shanghai
headquarters location	Hurtigruten AS, formerly Hurtigruten Group ASA and Hurtigruten ASA, is a Norwegian transport corporation with headquarters in Tromsø, Norway.	Hurtigruten AS	Tromsø
headquarters location	A.G. Barr plc, commonly known as Barr's, is a Scottish soft drink manufacturer, based in Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.	A.G. Barr	Cumbernauld
headquarters location	Haivision is based in Montreal and Chicago and currently has more than 200 employees worldwide.	Haivision	Montreal
headquarters location	Sputnik Engineering AG, Biel/Bienne, Switzerland Sputnik Engineering France S.A.R.L., Saint-Priest, France Sputnik Engineering GmbH, Neuhausen auf den Fildern, Germany.	Sputnik Engineering	Biel/Bienne
headquarters location	Nomadic Theatre is a co-curricular, student-led theatre group at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. in the United States.	Nomadic Theatre	Georgetown University
headquarters location	Fun Labs is a video game developer from Bucharest, Romania, founded in 1999.	Fun Labs	Bucharest
headquarters location	Claster Television, Inc. was a Baltimore, Maryland--based television distributor founded in 1953 by Bert and Nancy Claster as Romper Room Inc. It was originally a producer of the children's show Romper Room.	Claster Television	Baltimore
headquarters location	Fazoli's is an Italian-American fast casual restaurant chain based in Lexington, Kentucky.	Fazoli's	Lexington
headquarters location	Shandong Energy Group Company is a state owned coal-mining company headquartered in Jinan, Shandong, China.	Shandong Energy	Jinan
headquarters location	Norske Skog Union was a paper mill located in Skien in Norway.	Norske Skog Union	Skien
headquarters location	Burger Time is a regional chain of drive-through fast food restaurants that is headquartered in West Fargo, North Dakota.	Burger Time	West Fargo
headquarters location	Varian Medical Systems (VAR) of Palo Alto, California, USA, is a leading radiation oncology treatments and software maker.	Varian Medical Systems	Palo Alto
headquarters location	The Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative (SMECO) is an electric distribution cooperative which is headquartered in Hughesville, Maryland.	Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative	Hughesville
headquarters location	Pathfinder Partners, LLC is a private equity firm based in San Diego, California making opportunistic investments in distressed real estate assets (properties and defaulted loans), with a focus on multi-family projects.	Pathfinder Partners	San Diego
headquarters location	With its headquarters in Hong Kong, Love Da Records also extends its branch in Singapore and Malaysia.	Love Da Records	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Lane Crawford is a retail company with specialty stores selling designer label luxury goods in Hong Kong and Greater China.	Lane Crawford	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Nail Communications (commonly referred to as Nail) is an independently owned American advertising agency headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island.	Nail Communications	Providence
headquarters location	Grieg Group is a shipping and investment corporation based in Bergen, Norway.	Grieg Group	Bergen
headquarters location	Stena Line was founded in 1962 by Sten A. Olsson in Gothenburg, Sweden, which still serves as the company's headquarters, when he acquired Skagenlinjen between Gothenburg and Fredrikshavn, Denmark.	Stena Line	Gothenburg
headquarters location	Rainmaker Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Mainframe Entertainment Inc.) is a Canadian computer animation and design company based in Vancouver, British Columbia and Los Angeles, California.	Rainmaker Entertainment	Vancouver
headquarters location	Established in 1969 by Steven Toushin, Bijou Video is a company specializing in the production of gay pornographic films, based in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Bijou Video	Chicago
headquarters location	Jugoslovensko sportsko društvo Partizan, commonly abbreviated as JSD Partizan (Serbian Cyrillic: Југословенско спортско друштво Партизан; English: Yugoslav Sports Association Partizan), is a sports association from Belgrade, Serbia.	JSD Partizan	Belgrade
headquarters location	The former PanAmSat Corporation founded in 1984 by Reynold (Rene) Anselmo, was a satellite service provider headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut.	PanAmSat	Greenwich
headquarters location	The first Chicken Cottage store was opened in 1994 in Wembley, North West London and it was here that the Chicken Cottage concept began to take shape.	Chicken Cottage	London
headquarters location	Odin Brewing Company is a craft brewery located in the Seattle area of Washington, USA.	Odin Brewing Company	Seattle
headquarters location	The only fact the Guardian can report is that the case involves the London solicitors Carter-Ruck.''	Carter-Ruck	London
headquarters location	Founded in 1999 by Garth Gibson and William Courtright, Panasas is a data storage company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.	Panasas	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Mormedi is a Spanish design consultancy founded in 1998 by Jaime Moreno in Madrid, Spain.	Mormedi	Madrid
headquarters location	Crayons to Classrooms is a Dayton, Ohio 501(c)(3) charity providing free school supplies to area students who cannot otherwise afford them.	Crayons to Classrooms	Dayton
headquarters location	Ketab Sara Co. is a global publishing house founded in December 1981, in Tehran, Iran, which has produced over 200 titles in various fields including history, social sciences, memoirs, literature, fine arts, and medicine.	Ketab Sara Co.	Tehran
headquarters location	Foy & Gibson (also known as Foy's) was one of Australia's earliest department store chains, modelled on Le Bon Marché in Paris and other European and American Stores of the period.	Foy & Gibson	Australia
headquarters location	Adani Power Limited is the power business subsidiary of Indian conglomerate Adani Group with head office at Ahmedabad, Gujarat.	Adani Power	Ahmedabad
headquarters location	McLeodUSA, based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, was one of the nation's largest independent competitive local exchange carriers (CLECs) during the years preceding its acquisition in 2008.	McLeodUSA	Cedar Rapids
headquarters location	O'Neill Sea Odyssey is a non-profit organization located in Santa Cruz, California (California Non-Profit Corporation ID#77-0464784).	O'Neill Sea Odyssey	California
headquarters location	Larson International is a designer and manufacturer of amusement rides based in Plainview, Texas.	Larson International	Plainview
headquarters location	GCB Bank Ltd maintains its headquarters in Accra, the capital of Ghana and the largest city in the country.	GCB Bank Ltd	Accra
headquarters location	Classified Ventures, LLC was a Chicago-based media company.	Classified Ventures	Chicago
headquarters location	Mennekes Elektrotechnik GmbH & Co. KG is a leading manufacturer of industrial plugs and connectors with headquarters in Kirchhundem/Sauerland region and in Neudorf/Erzgebirge.	Mennekes	Kirchhundem
headquarters location	Dynamit Nobel AG is a German chemical and weapons company whose headquarters was in Troisdorf.	Dynamit Nobel	Troisdorf
headquarters location	Sparebanken ABC, sometimes branded as ABC Bank, was a Norwegian savings bank based in Oslo, in existence between 1985 and 1990.	Sparebanken ABC	Oslo
headquarters location	Tiki Data was a manufacturer of microcomputers, located in Oslo, Norway.	Tiki Data	Oslo
headquarters location	The Thornbridge Brewery is an independent brewery founded in the grounds of Thornbridge Hall, Ashford-in-the-Water near Bakewell, Derbyshire, England.	Thornbridge Brewery	Derbyshire
headquarters location	Little Kids Rock is a national 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization based in Verona, New Jersey that provides free music instruction and instruments to under-served public school districts across the United States.	Little Kids Rock	Verona, New Jersey
inception	Pickled Egg Records is a UK independent record label founded in Leicester in 1998 by Nigel Turner.	Pickled Egg Records	1998
inception	They released their first - Black Market Militia - in 2005, through Performance Records, envisioned and initiated by Mitchell Serbes, Gary Hertzan and Mariel Maffetone.	Black Market Militia	2005
inception	The National Council for Combating Discrimination (Romanian: Consiliul Național pentru Combaterea Discriminării, or CNCD) is an agency of the Romanian government, established in 2001 and responsible for applying Romanian and European Union anti-discrimination laws and managing the National Anti-Discrimination Plan.	National Council for Combating Discrimination	2001
inception	The Bridewell Taxis (later The Bridewells) were a Leeds-based British indie rock group active from 1987 to 1993.	The Bridewell Taxis	1987
inception	Alphaeon Corporation was founded in July 2013 by Chief Executive Officer, Robert E. Grant.	Alphaeon Corporation	2013
inception	Design Factory was opened in September 2008 and the opening ceremony was held October 3, 2008.	Design Factory	September 2008
inception	Established in 1990, in Newark, New Jersey Consumer Priority Service Corporation originally started as a regional repair center servicing the NY tri-state area.	Consumer Priority Service Corporation	1990
inception	The Eden Sinfonia is a professional orchestra based in London, England, founded in 2004 by Music Director Daniel Cohen.	Eden Sinfonia	2004
inception	Jane Vain and the Dark Matter is an indie rock band formed in 2005 from Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Jane Vain and the Dark Matter	2005
inception	Syhunt was founded on August, 2003, by Felipe Aragon, a network security specialist.	Syhunt	2003
languages spoken or written	Rakesh Pandey (born 1946) is an Indian actor in Hindi and Bhojpuri movies.	Rakesh Pandey	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Maria del Mar Bonet i Verdaguer (Catalan pronunciation: (məˈɾi.ə ðəɫ ˈma boˈnət)) (born 1947 in Palma, Majorca) is a Balearic singer from the island of Majorca.	Maria del Mar Bonet	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Edward Michael Whitty (1827--1860) was an English journalist, known for biting parliamentary reporting, and credited for popularising the concept of the ``governing classes''.	Edward Michael Whitty	English
languages spoken or written	Anna Maria Lenngren, née Malmstedt (June 18, 1754 -- March 8, 1817), was a Swedish poet.	Anna Maria Lenngren	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Anna Maria Roos, born 9 April 1862 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 23 April 1938 in Bombay, India, was a Swedish educator, author, theosophist and songwriter.	Anna Maria Roos	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Pál Királyhegyi (27 December 1900 -- 7 August 1981) is a Hungarian comedian, journalist, author and screenwriter.	Pál Királyhegyi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Charles Chenu (30 August 1808, Metz - 12 November 1879, Paris) was a French physician and naturalist.	Jean-Charles Chenu	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Gabriel Doppelmayr (27 September 1677 -- 1 December 1750) was a German mathematician, astronomer, and cartographer.	Johann Gabriel Doppelmayr	German
languages spoken or written	Pietro di Giacomo Cataneo (c. 1510 in Siena-c. 1574) was a 16th-century Italian architect.	Pietro di Giacomo Cataneo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Claude Challe (born Claude Chalom in 1945 in Tunisia) is a French DJ and club owner, the creator of the Buddha Bar restaurant/clubs and music compilations.	Claude Challe	French
licensed to broadcast to	CFUR-FM is a Canadian FM radio station, broadcasting at FM 88.7 in Prince George, British Columbia.	CFUR-FM	Prince George
licensed to broadcast to	WRYR-LP (97.5 FM) is a low power radio station licensed to Sherwood, Maryland, USA, and the station serves portions of Anne Arundel, Calvert, Queen Anne, Talbot, Dorchester, and Caroline Counties, including Maryland's capital city of Annapolis.	WRYR-LP	Sherwood, Maryland
licensed to broadcast to	KZOI (1250 AM) and it's translator at 97.1FM is a radio station licensed to serve Dakota City, Nebraska.	KZOI	Dakota City
licensed to broadcast to	KBWZ is a radio station licensed and broadcasting to Steamboat Springs, Colorado, on 1230 kHz AM.	KBWZ	Steamboat Springs
licensed to broadcast to	KISX (107.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Whitehouse, Texas, and broadcasts in Tyler with an Urban Adult Contemporary musical format.	KISX	Whitehouse
licensed to broadcast to	WHPK (88.5 FM) is an American radio station based in Hyde Park on the South Side of Chicago, established in 1968.	WHPK	Chicago
licensed to broadcast to	CHJX-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting 24 hours a day at 99.9 FM in London, Ontario.	CHJX-FM	London
licensed to broadcast to	KUTE (90.1 FM), is a simulcast of KSUT's National Public Radio-affiliated station in Ignacio, Colorado.	KUTE	Ignacio
licensed to broadcast to	KMXA-FM ``Mix 99.9'' is an Adult Contemporary radio station in Minot, North Dakota owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	KMXA-FM	Minot
licensed to broadcast to	WRBJ-FM (97.7 FM) is an urban contemporary radio station in Jackson, Mississippi, but licensed to Brandon, Mississippi.	WRBJ-FM	Brandon
licensed to broadcast to	WWEG is a classic hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Myersville, Maryland.	WWEG	Myersville
licensed to broadcast to	CFCW-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 98.1 FM in Camrose, Alberta with a classic hits format branded as 98.1 CAM-FM.	CFCW-FM	Camrose
licensed to broadcast to	KBUZ is an FM radio station licensed to Topeka, Kansas, and broadcasting at 90.3 MHz. The KBUZ call letters were previously used by a Phoenix, Arizona station (now KIHP (AM)) from 1956 to 1977.	KBUZ	Topeka
licensed to broadcast to	WKSI-FM is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Stephens City, Virginia, serving the Northern Shenandoah Valley of Virginia and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia.	WKSI-FM	Stephens City
licensed to broadcast to	KFCO (107.1 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Bennett, Colorado, broadcasting to the Denver, Colorado area.	KFCO	Bennett
licensed to broadcast to	CKTS was an English language Canadian radio station located in Sherbrooke, Quebec.	CKTS	Sherbrooke
licensed to broadcast to	CJCI-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 97.3 FM in Prince George, British Columbia, owned by Vista Radio.	CJCI-FM	Prince George
licensed to broadcast to	WKAC (1080 AM, ``The Big 1080'') is a radio station in Athens, Alabama, USA, broadcasting on the 1080 kHz frequency.	WKAC	Athens
licensed to broadcast to	WJPI (1470 AM) was an Urban Gospel radio station formerly licensed to Plymouth, North Carolina, USA.	WJPI	Plymouth, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WLST (95.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Marinette, Wisconsin broadcasting a country music format.	WLST	Marinette
licensed to broadcast to	WGOL (920 AM, ``Real Country 920'') is a radio station licensed to serve Russellville, Alabama, USA.	WGOL	Russellville
licensed to broadcast to	KSJR-FM (90.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Collegeville, Minnesota, and serving the St. Cloud area.	KSJR-FM	Collegeville, Minnesota
licensed to broadcast to	On February 21, 2013, KFWR upgraded its signal from 80kW at 329 metres to 100kW at 425 metres and moved the city of licence to Jacksboro.	KFWR	Jacksboro
licensed to broadcast to	WRSE is a college radio station in Elmhurst, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago.	WRSE	Elmhurst
licensed to broadcast to	WOGB (103.1 FM) is a classic hits-formatted American radio station licensed to Reedsville, Wisconsin, and serving the Northeast Wisconsin area.	WOGB	Reedsville
licensed to broadcast to	WOZZ (94.7 FM, ``Rock 94.7'') licensed to Mosinee, Wisconsin, is an Active Rock formatted station in the Wausau, Wisconsin, market.	WOZZ	Mosinee
licensed to broadcast to	WVGR (104.1 FM) is a non-commercial radio station in Grand Rapids, Michigan licensed to the University of Michigan.	WVGR	Grand Rapids
licensed to broadcast to	WHCF is located on Outer Broadway in Bangor and is owned by Lighthouse Radio Network, Inc. WHCF's sister station is WHMX.	WHCF	Bangor
licensed to broadcast to	KQRX (95.1 FM, ``Rock 95.1'') is a commercial radio station located in Midland, Texas, broadcasting to the Midland-Odessa market.	KQRX	Midland
licensed to broadcast to	WUSQ-FM is a Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Winchester, Virginia, serving the Northern Shenandoah Valley and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia.	WUSQ-FM	Winchester
licensed to broadcast to	CJMR is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts multicultural programming at AM 1320 in Mississauga, Ontario.	CJMR	Mississauga
licensed to broadcast to	WIBA-FM (101.5 MHz) is a radio station licensed to Sauk City, Wisconsin and serving Madison and South Central Wisconsin.	WIBA-FM	Sauk City
licensed to broadcast to	WRMC-FM (91.1 FM) is the full power, student-volunteer-run radio station of Middlebury College.	WRMC-FM	Middlebury
licensed to broadcast to	WVPH (90.3 FM, ``The Core'') is Piscataway, New Jersey's community and student-run radio station.	WVPH	Piscataway
licensed to broadcast to	WVEP is a Public Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Martinsburg, West Virginia, serving the Eastern Panhandle and the Potomac Highlands in West Virginia and the Northern Shenandoah Valley in Virginia.	WVEP	Martinsburg, West Virginia
licensed to broadcast to	Licensed to Lakeland, Florida, USA, the station is currently owned by WWAB Radio, Inc.	WWAB	Lakeland
licensed to broadcast to	WRFL, Lexington (Radio Free Lexington) is a 7900-watt college radio station that broadcasts live, 24 hours a day, from the University of Kentucky campus in Lexington, Kentucky.	WRFL	Lexington
licensed to broadcast to	CFOS is an AM radio station broadcasting from downtown Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada.	CFOS	Owen Sound
licensed to broadcast to	KXNO is a sports radio station based in Des Moines, Iowa.	KXNO	Des Moines
licensed to broadcast to	KFSG is licensed to Roseville, California and serves the Sacramento metropolitan area.	KFSG	Roseville
licensed to broadcast to	KHPT (106.9 FM, ``The Eagle'') is a classic rock radio station licensed to Conroe, Texas.	KHPT	Conroe
licensed to broadcast to	WTKI (1450 AM, ``WTKI/WEKI'') is a radio station licensed to serve Huntsville, Alabama, USA.	WTKI	Huntsville
licensed to broadcast to	WCRN is an AM radio station in Worcester, Massachusetts, owned by Carter Broadcasting.	WCRN	Worcester
licensed to broadcast to	WFAN-FM (101.9 FM), also known as Sports Radio 66 and 101.9 FM or The Fan, is a sports radio station located in New York City.	WFAN-FM	New York City
licensed to broadcast to	WTAQ (1360 AM) and WTAQ-FM (97.5 FM) are news/talk-formatted radio stations, licensed to Green Bay, Wisconsin (AM) and Glenmore, Wisconsin (FM), that serve the Green Bay and Appleton-Oshkosh areas.	WTAQ	Green Bay
licensed to broadcast to	KQUS-FM (97.5 FM), known as ``US97'', is a country music formatted radio station located in Hot Springs, Arkansas.	KQUS-FM	Hot Springs
licensed to broadcast to	CKLD-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting a soft adult contemporary format at 105.5 FM in Thetford Mines, Quebec.	CKLD-FM	Thetford Mines
licensed to broadcast to	WIOD (610 AM) is a talk radio-formatted radio station in Miami, Florida, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	WIOD	Miami
licensed to broadcast to	KZLZ is licensed to broadcast from Casas Adobes, Arizona.	KZLZ	Casas Adobes
licensed to broadcast to	WFFN (95.3 FM, ``95.3 The Bear'') is a radio station licensed to serve Coaling, Alabama, USA, and broadcasting to the Tuscaloosa, Alabama, area.	WFFN	Coaling
licensed to broadcast to	CKXA-FM is a Canadian radio station owned by Bell Media, broadcasting at 101.1 FM in Brandon, Manitoba.	CKXA-FM	Brandon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Austrey is a village and civil parish in the North Warwickshire District of Warwickshire, England.	Austrey	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahgan (Persian: راهگان‎, also Romanized as Rāhgān; also known as Rāhakān and Rāhkān) is a village in Rahgan Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rahgan	Khafr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oshkohran (Persian: اشكهران‎, also Romanized as Oshkohrān and Ashkohrān) is a village in Gavkhuni Rural District, Bon Rud District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Oshkohran	Gavkhuni Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacheh-ye Piazjar (Persian: پاچه پيازجار‎, also Romanized as Pācheh-ye Pīāzjār) is a village in Hejdandasht Rural District, Salehabad District, Mehran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Pacheh-ye Piazjar	Hejdandasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonbadak (Persian: گنبدك‎, also Romanized as Gunbadak) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Gonbadak	Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Kiełczygłów (kɔˈlɔɲa kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨɡwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Kiełczygłów	Gmina Kiełczygłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biddinghuizen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌbɪdɪŋˈɦœyzən)) is a village in the municipality of Dronten in the Netherlands.	Biddinghuizen	Dronten
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1953 Torud earthquake occurred at the northeastern border of the Great Salt Kavir in Torud, Semnan, Iran on 12 February.	1953 Torud earthquake	Torud, Semnan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caracas (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈɾakas)), officially Santiago de León de Caracas, is the capital, the center of the Greater Caracas Area, and the largest city of Venezuela.	Caracas	Venezuela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kat Hing Wai (吉慶圍) is a well known Punti walled village in the Yuen Long District of Hong Kong.	Kat Hing Wai	Hong Kong
manufacturer	The Peel Trident was the second three-wheeled microcar made by the Peel Engineering Company on the Isle of Man.	Peel Trident	Peel Engineering Company
manufacturer	The Commodore LCD (sometimes known in short as the CLCD) was an LCD-equipped laptop made by Commodore International.	Commodore LCD	Commodore International
manufacturer	The Eurocopter EC135 (now Airbus Helicopters H135) is a twin-engine civil helicopter produced by Airbus Helicopters (formerly known as Eurocopter).	Eurocopter EC135	Airbus Helicopters
manufacturer	The SS Abbotsford was a brig-rigged iron passenger ship built by the Gourlay Brothers of Dundee for the Red Star Line, of Antwerp.	SS Abbotsford	Gourlay Brothers
manufacturer	The Acura MDX, or Honda MDX as known in Japan and Australia (only the first generation was imported), is a mid-size three-row luxury crossover SUV produced by the Japanese automaker Honda under its Acura luxury nameplate since 2000.	Acura MDX	Honda
manufacturer	Jaffa Cakes are biscuit-sized cakes introduced by McVitie and Price in the UK in 1927 and named after Jaffa oranges.	Jaffa Cakes	McVitie
manufacturer	The Boeing 767 is a mid- to large-size, long-range, wide-body twin-engine jet airliner built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes.	Boeing 767	Boeing Commercial Airplanes
manufacturer	The DKW 3=6 was a compact front-wheel drive saloon manufactured by Auto Union GmbH. The car was launched at the Frankfurt Motor Show in March 1953 and sold until 1959.	DKW 3=6	Auto Union
manufacturer	SS John B. Lennon was an American Liberty ship in World War II. The ship was built by the J.A. Jones Construction shipyard at Brunswick, Georgia, and launched on 22 December 1943.	SS John B. Lennon	J.A. Jones Construction
manufacturer	The Yamaha YA-1 is the first motorcycle produced by the Yamaha Motor Company.	Yamaha YA-1	Yamaha Motor Company
member of political party	In 1919 Friedrich Naumann was among the founders of the social liberal German Democratic Party (Deutsche Demokratische Partei, DDP) with Theodor Wolff and Hugo Preuss.	Friedrich Naumann	German Democratic Party
member of political party	Arne Treholt (born 13 December 1942) is a former Norwegian Labour Party politician and diplomat convicted of high treason and espionage on behalf of the Soviet Union and Iraq during the Cold War.	Arne Treholt	Norwegian Labour Party
member of political party	Thomas Bateson, 1st Baron Deramore DL (4 June 1819 -- 1 December 1890), known as Sir Thomas Bateson, 2nd Bt from 1863 until 1885, was a British peer and Conservative Party politician.	Thomas Bateson, 1st Baron Deramore	Conservative Party
member of political party	Kim Traavik (born 11 July 1946) is a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Conservative Party.	Kim Traavik	Conservative Party
member of political party	Pat Moylan (born 12 September 1946) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann.	Pat Moylan	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Akkamma Devi (c. 1918 -- 23 November 2012) was an Indian politician and member of the Indian National Congress political party.	Akkamma Devi	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Rune Øygard (born 27 April 1959) is a former Norwegian politician representing the Norwegian Labour Party, who served as mayor of Vågå from 1995 to 2012 when he was granted leave following his indictment for child sexual abuse in a much publicized case, the so-called Vågå case.	Rune Øygard	Norwegian Labour Party
member of political party	Otto Hauglin (7 February 1942 -- 18 November 2012) was a Norwegian sociologist and politician for the Socialist Left Party (SV).	Otto Hauglin	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Nicolás Repetto (21 October 1871 - 29 November 1965) was an Argentine physician and leader of the Socialist Party of Argentina.	Nicolás Repetto	Socialist Party
member of political party	Duggirala Gopalakrishnayya (2 June 1889 -- 10 June 1928) was an Indian freedom fighter and member of the Indian National Congress from the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Duggirala Gopalakrishnayya	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Albert Andreas Mørkved (13 February 1898 -- 29 October 1990) was a Norwegian lawyer, judge and politician for the Liberal Party.	Albert Andreas Mørkved	Liberal Party
member of political party	Edwin Warfield (May 7, 1848 -- March 31, 1920), a member of the United States Democratic Party, was the 45th Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1904 to 1908.	Edwin Warfield	Democratic Party
member of political party	Helen Mary Jones (born 29 June 1960) is a Plaid Cymru politician, who was a member of the National Assembly for Wales from 1999 to 2011.	Helen Mary Jones	Plaid Cymru
member of political party	Sibyll-Anka Klotz (born 1961, in Berlin) is a German politician and member of Alliance '90/The Greens in the parliament of Berlin.	Sibyll-Anka Klotz	Alliance '90/The Greens
member of political party	Landing Savané (born January 10, 1945) is a Senegalese politician and the Secretary-General of And-Jëf/African Party for Democracy and Socialism.	Landing Savané	Jëf/African Party for Democracy and Socialism
member of political party	Peng Shuzhi (also spelled Peng Shu-tse; Chinese: Péng Shùzhī 彭述之; 1896--1983) was an early leader of the Communist Party of China and became a Trotskyist.	Peng Shuzhi	Communist Party of China
member of political party	James David Caldwell, Sr., known as Buddy Caldwell (born May 20, 1946), is an American politician and lawyer affiliated with the Republican Party who is the former attorney general of the U.S. state of Louisiana having served from 2008 to 2016.	Buddy Caldwell	Republican Party
member of political party	C. Kenneth Powell (born August 8, 1939) was the chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party from 1971-1974.	C. Kenneth Powell	Republican Party
member of political party	José Maria de Alpoim Cerqueira Borges Cabral (Santa Cristina, Mesão Frio, 2 June 1858 - Lisbon, 15 December 1916) was a politician, member of the Progressive Party of Portugal, and later the Republican Party of Portugal, who held various roles during the last years of the constitutional monarchy in Portugal.	José Maria de Alpoim	Progressive Party
member of political party	Henry Oscar Murton, Baron Murton of Lindisfarne OBE TD PC (8 May 1914 -- 5 July 2009) was a British Conservative Party politician.	Oscar Murton, Baron Murton of Lindisfarne	Conservative Party
member of political party	Giuseppe Lumia (Termini Imerese, June 28, 1960) is an Italian politician of the Democratic Party of the Left (Partito democratico della Sinistra, PDS) and its successor, the Democrats of the Left (Democratici di Sinistra, DS).	Giuseppe Lumia	Democratic Party
member of political party	Harry Spencer Waddington (died 26 February 1864) was a British Conservative Party politician.	Harry Spencer Waddington	Conservative Party
member of political party	Tom-Christer Nilsen (born 28 August 1969) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party and county mayor of Hordaland.	Tom-Christer Nilsen	Conservative Party
member of political party	Suresh Haware or Suresh Kashinath Haware is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from the Belapur constituency.	Suresh Kashinath Haware	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Eugen Bejinariu (Romanian pronunciation: (e.uˈd͡ʒen beʒiˈnarju); born 28 January 1959, Suceava) is a Romanian politician and member of the Social Democratic Party (PSD).	Eugen Bejinariu	Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Luís Cabral was a half-brother of Amílcar Cabral, with whom he co-founded the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC) in 1956.	Luís Cabral	African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde
member of political party	Sushil Kumar Modi (born 5 January 1952) is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party who was Deputy Chief Minister and Finance Minister of Bihar, India, from 2005 to 2013.	Sushil Kumar Modi	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Gilles Taillon (born August 11, 1945) is the former leader of the Action démocratique du Québec (ADQ).	Gilles Taillon	Action démocratique du Québec
member of political party	Janet Anderson (born 6 December 1949) is an English Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Rossendale and Darwen from 1992 until 2010, when she lost her seat.	Janet Anderson	Labour Party
member of political party	In 1893, Kata Dalström joined the Swedish Social Democratic Party.	Kata Dalström	Swedish Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Piet Dankert (8 January 1934 in Stiens -- 21 June 2003 in Perpignan) was a Dutch politician, a member of the Dutch Labour Party.	Piet Dankert	Labour Party
member of political party	Sir Herbert Raymond Gower (15 August 1916 -- 22 February 1989) was a British Conservative Party Member of Parliament for 38 years.	Raymond Gower	Conservative Party
member of political party	Stefan Körner (born November 8, 1968) is a German politician who has been the Chairman of the Pirate Party Germany since June 2014.	Stefan Körner	Pirate Party Germany
member of political party	Sir James Bourne, 1st Baronet DL, JP, CB (8 October 1812 -- 14 March 1882) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1880.	Sir James Bourne, 1st Baronet	Conservative Party
member of political party	Emmanuel Maurel (born 10 May 1973 in Épinay-sur-Seine), is a French politician, member of the French Socialist Party.	Emmanuel Maurel	Socialist Party
member of political party	Johan Van Overtveldt (born 24 August 1955) is a Flemish journalist and politician of the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA).	Johan Van Overtveldt	New Flemish Alliance
member of political party	Ibrahim Sharif al-Sayed (Arabic: ابراهيم شريف السيد‎) is an opposition political activist in Bahrain, currently serving as the General Secretary of the secular liberal National Democratic Action Society (Wa'ad).	Ibrahim Sharif	National Democratic Action Society
member of political party	Chang Li-sheng (Chinese: 張厲生; pinyin: Zhāng Lìshēng; 1901--1971) was a Chinese politician and diplomat who served as the Secretary General of the Kuomintang from 1954 to 1959.	Chang Li-sheng	Kuomintang
member of political party	Rolf Ketil Bjørn (18 January 1938 -- 24 November 2008) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Socialist Left Party.	Rolf Ketil Bjørn	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Alimineti Madhava Reddy (born Wadaparthy, Bhongir, Nalgonda District, Telangana; 28 February 1949 -- 7 March 2000) was a politician from Telugu Desam Party (TDP).	Alimineti Madhava Reddy	Telugu Desam Party
member of political party	Nelson José Murat Casab (Spanish pronunciation: (xoˈse muˈɾat); born October 18, 1947) is a Mexican politician and a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	José Murat Casab	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Pál Szalai (September 3, 1915 -- January 16, 1994) also spelled Pál Szalay and anglicized as Paul Sterling was a high-ranking member of the Budapest police force and the Hungarian Arrow Cross Party during World War II. Honored as Righteous among the Nations on April 7, 2009.	Pál Szalai	Arrow Cross Party
member of political party	Ignaz Seipel (19 July 1876 -- 2 August 1932) was an Austrian prelate and politician of the Christian Social Party (CS), who served as Federal Chancellor twice during the 1920s.	Ignaz Seipel	Christian Social Party
member of political party	John DiMaio (born November 27, 1955) is an American Republican Party politician, who was selected on February 21, 2009 to fill the New Jersey General Assembly seat for the 23rd legislative district vacated by Marcia A. Karrow, after Karrow filled the vacancy for the New Jersey Senate in the same district.	John DiMaio	Republican Party
member of political party	Winston Dang (Chinese: 陳重信; pinyin: Chén Zhòngxìn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Tiông-sìn; born 1943) is a Democratic Progressive Party politician in Taiwan.	Winston Dang	Democratic Progressive Party
member of political party	Dilek Öcalan (born 3 October 1987) is a Turkish politician of Kurdish origin from the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) who currently serves as a Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Şanlıurfa since 7 June 2015.	Dilek Öcalan	Peoples' Democratic Party
member of political party	Teresa Riera Madurell (born 13 October 1950 in Barcelona) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, part of the Party of European Socialists.	Teresa Riera	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	John P. Scott (c. June 12, 1933 -- May 21, 2010) was an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey Senate from 1992 to 1998 where he represented the 36th Legislative District, which covered Passaic and portions of southern Bergen County.	John P. Scott	Republican Party
member of political party	Ram Chandra Poudel or Ram Chandra Paudel (Nepali:राम चन्द्र पौडेल) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Nepali Congress.	Ram Chandra Poudel	Nepali Congress
member of political party	Martha Leticia Sosa Govea (born November 25, 1950) is a Mexican politician from Colima affiliated to the National Action Party who has served as municipal president (mayor) of the city of Manzanillo and as Senator.	Leticia Sosa	National Action Party
member of political party	Benno von Arent (19 July 1898 -- 14 October 1956) was a German Nazi, a member of the Nazi Party and SS, responsible for art, theatres, movies etc. Arent was born in Görlitz, Prussia, on 19 July 1898.	Benno von Arent	Nazi Party
member of political party	Rutt Bridges is an American geophysicist and politician from Colorado and a member of the Democratic Party.	Rutt Bridges	Democratic Party
member of political party	Sir Cyril Irvine Patnick OBE (29 October 1929 -- 30 December 2012) was a British businessman and former Conservative Party politician.	Irvine Patnick	Conservative Party
member of political party	Miloš Vučević (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Вучевић, born in 1974) is a Serbian politician, and mayor of the city of Novi Sad representing the Serbian Progressive Party.	Miloš Vučević	Serbian Progressive Party
member of political party	Alvin Olin King (June 21, 1890 -- February 21, 1958) was a Louisiana politician allied with the popular Long faction of the state Democratic Party.	Alvin Olin King	Democratic Party
member of political party	Sylvia Flückiger-Bäni (born 1 June 1952) is a Swiss politician, a member of the Swiss People's Party.	Sylvia Flückiger-Bäni	Swiss People's Party
member of political party	Nistor Grozavu was elected deputy of the Moldovan parliament in the 5 April 2009 parliamentary elections on the Liberal Party list.	Nistor Grozavu	Liberal Party
member of political party	Santiago Lanzuela Marina (Teruel, Spain, 27 September 1948) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP) and who previously served as President of the Government of Aragon, one of the Spanish regional administrations.	Santiago Lanzuela Marina	People's Party
member of political party	Fernando Buesa Blanco (29 May 1946 -- 22 February 2000) was a Spanish Basque politician in the Basque Christian Democracy and in the Socialist Party of Euskadi - Euskadiko Ezkerra (PSE-EE) branch of the social democratic Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Fernando Buesa	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Mahendra Karma (5 August 1950 -- 25 May 2013) was an Indian political leader belonging to Indian National Congress from Chhattisgarh state.	Mahendra Karma	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Mustafa Demir (born 18 January 1961) is a Turkish politician, a member of parliament, the former Minister of Public Works and Housing under Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, and the founder and former chairman of the ruling Justice and Development Party's Samsun Province chapter.	Mustafa Demir	Justice and Development Party
member of political party	Liss Schanche is a Norwegian politician who was Party Secretary of the Socialist Left Party from 1979--1981.	Liss Schanche	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Leon Wasilewski (1870--1936) was an activist of the Polish Socialist Party (PPS), a coworker of Józef Piłsudski, Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs, designer of much of Second Polish Republic policy towards the East, historian and father of Wanda Wasilewska.	Leon Wasilewski	Polish Socialist Party
member of political party	Bao Tong (born November 1932 in Haining, Zhejiang) was former Director of the Office of Political Reform of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the Policy Secretary of Zhao Ziyang, Chinese Premier from 1980 to 1987 and CPC General Secretary from 1987 to 1989.	Bao Tong	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Sir Robert Burton-Chadwick, 1st Baronet (20 June 1869 -- 21 May 1951) was a shipping magnate and an English Conservative Party politician.	Robert Burton-Chadwick	Conservative Party
member of political party	Antonio Ingroia (born 31 March 1959) is an Italian magistrate and politician and leader of Civil Revolution, with Luigi de Magistris, the mayor of Naples.	Antonio Ingroia	Civil Revolution
member of political party	Kashim Ibrahim-Imam is a Nigerian politician who was twice the People's Democratic Party (PDP) candidate for Governor of Borno State in 2003 and 2007, losing both times to the All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP) candidate Ali Modu Sheriff.	Kashim Ibrahim-Imam	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Salah Jadid (1926 -- 19 August 1993, Arabic: صلاح جديد) was a Syrian general and political figure in the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party in Syria, and the country's de facto leader from 1966 until 1970.	Salah Jadid	Ba'ath Party
member of political party	Tuure Lehén (April 28, 1893, Jämsänkoski - October 12, 1976, Helsinki) was a prominent Finnish and later Finnish Soviet politician, initially, in 1913-18 as a member of the Social Democratic Party of Finland, and since 1918 as a member of the Communist Party of Finland.	Tuure Lehén	Social Democratic Party of Finland	Communist Party of Finland
member of political party	Vidya Stokes (born 8 December 1927) is an active member of Indian National Congress from 1970 and of Pradesh Congress Committee since 1974.	Vidya Stokes	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Qiao Shi (December 1924 -- 14 June 2015) was a Chinese politician and one of the top leaders of the Communist Party of China.	Qiao Shi	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Simon Coveney (born 16 June 1972) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for Cork South--	Simon Coveney	Fine Gael
member of political party	John A. Rocco (born June 25, 1936 in Philadelphia) is an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1980 to 1998, where he represented the 6th Legislative District.	John A. Rocco	Republican Party
member of political party	Gregg McClymont (born 3 June 1976) is a Scottish Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Cumbernauld, Kilsyth and Kirkintilloch East from 2010 until 2015.	Gregg McClymont	Scottish Labour Party
member of political party	Paloli Mohammed Kutty (born 11 November 1931) is an Indian politician, social worker, the former Minister for Local Administration in the Government of Kerala and a member of both State and Central Committee of Communist Party of India (Marxist).	Paloli Mohammed Kutty	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	Yasmin Qureshi (born 5 July 1963) is a British Labour Party politician and a barrister practicing criminal law.	Yasmin Qureshi	Labour Party
member of political party	James Henry Hall (24 March 1877 -- 6 June 1942), known as J. H. Hall, was an English trade unionist and Labour Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Whitechapel and St Georges division of Stepney from 1930-31, and again from 1935-42.	J. H. Hall	Labour Party
member of political party	Kyai Hajji Fakih Usman (also Faqih Usman; (faˈkɪh ʊsˈman); 2 March 1904 -- 3 October 1968) was an Indonesian Islamic leader and politician with the Masyumi Party.	Fakih Usman	Masyumi Party
member of political party	Olivia Chow (born March 24, 1957) is a Canadian politician, a former New Democratic Party Member of parliament (2006--2014), and former city councillor (1991--2005) in Toronto.	Olivia Chow	New Democratic Party
member of political party	Miguel Borge Martín (born 30 October 1943 in Cozumel, Quintana Roo) is a Mexican politician member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Miguel Borge Martín	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Sally Gimson is a British Labour Party politician, councillor in the Highgate ward of Camden Council.	Sally Gimson	Labour Party
member of political party	Traian Băsescu entered politics after the 1989 Romanian Revolution, as a member of the large National Salvation Front (FSN) party.	Traian Băsescu	National Salvation Front
member of political party	Sawna Lakra (born 1941) is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress, elected to the state legislature in Jharkhand.	Sawna Lakra	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Sir Arwyn Lynn Ungoed-Thomas QC (29 June 1904 -- 4 December 1972) was a Welsh Labour Party politician and British judge.	Lynn Ungoed-Thomas	Labour Party
member of political party	He was the leader (October 2011--May 2014) of the Civic List, until April 2012 named Gregor Virant's Civic List, a liberal political party established in October 2011 to compete in the 2011 parliamentary election.	Gregor Virant	Civic List
member of political party	Mohamed Gahs (Arabic: محمد الݣحص‎ ; born 30 September 1963, Taza) is a Moroccan journalist and politician of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces party.	Mohamed Gahs	Socialist Union of Popular Forces
member of political party	Lewis Strong Clarke, Sr. (November 7, 1837 -- July 5, 1906), was the owner of a sugar plantation in St. Mary Parish and a leader of the Republican Party in the U.S. state of Louisiana in the latter part of the 19th century.	Lewis Strong Clarke	Republican Party
member of political party	Bhagwantrao Mandloi (1892 -- 1977), an Indian National Congress politician was a former Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh.	Bhagwantrao Mandloi	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Betty Lockwood, Baroness Lockwood (born 22 January 1924), is a Labour Party activist.	Betty Lockwood, Baroness Lockwood	Labour Party
member of political party	Kim Jong-il was the General Secretary of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), Chairman of the National Defence Commission (NDC) of North Korea, and the Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army (KPA), the fourth-largest standing army in the world.	Kim Jong-il	Workers' Party of Korea
member of political party	Alphonsus Obi Igbeke (born 1962) was sworn in as Senator for the Anambra North constituency of Anambra State, Nigeria on 25 May 2010 after the election of Joy Emordi of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) had been annulled.	Alphonsus Obi Igbeke	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Peter Callanan (29 June 1935 -- 11 October 2009) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and served as a member of Seanad Éireann from 1997 until his death in 2009.	Peter Callanan	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Fehmi Demir (2 January 1957 -- 25 October 2015) was a Turkish politician of Kurdish origin who served as the leader of the Rights and Freedoms Party (HAK-PAR) from October 2014 until his death a year later in October 2015.	Fehmi Demir	Rights and Freedoms Party
member of political party	Trairong Suwankiri (Thai: ไตรรงค์ สุวรรณคีรี; born June 24, 1944 in Songkhla) is a Thai politician (Democrat Party).	Trairong Suwankiri	Democrat Party
member of political party	Shalom-Avraham Shaki (Hebrew: שלום-אברהם שאקי‎, born 1906, died 4 November 1990) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1962 and 1965.	Shalom-Avraham Shaki	National Religious Party
member of political party	Ioannis Skoularikis (Greek: Ιωάννης Σκουλαρίκης; 1 August 1928 -- 15 September 2008) or Yannis Skoularikis (Γιάννης Σκουλαρίκης) was a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) and cabinet member under Andreas Papandreou.	Ioannis Skoularikis	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	Ján Čarnogurský (born 1 January 1944) is a Slovak former politician, a former Prime Minister of Slovakia (1991--1992) and the former chairman of the Christian Democratic Movement (1990--2000).	Ján Čarnogurský	Christian Democratic Movement
member of political party	Szilvia Lengyel (born 1971) is a Hungarian agrarian engineer and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Politics Can Be Different (LMP) Pest County Regional List from 2012 to 2014.	Szilvia Lengyel	Politics Can Be Different
member of political party	Ragnar Udjus (born 10 October 1933 in Landvik, Norway) is a Norwegian media personality and politician for the Centre Party.	Ragnar Udjus	Centre Party
member of political party	Mikael Jansson (born 4 September 1965, Umeå, Västerbotten) is a former leader of the Swedish political party Sweden Democrats (Swedish: Sverigedemokraterna).	Mikael Jansson	Sweden Democrats
member of political party	Ricardo Berzoini (b. 10 February 1960 in Juiz de Fora, Brazil) was the President of the Workers' Party of Brazil from 2005 to 2010.	Ricardo Berzoini	Workers' Party
member of political party	Otto Grieg Tidemand (18 June 1921 -- 10 June 2006) born in Oslo was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.	Otto Grieg Tidemand	Conservative Party
member of political party	C. Anthony Muse (born April 17, 1958) is an American politician and minister from Maryland and a member of the Democratic Party.	C. Anthony Muse	Democratic Party
member of political party	Josep Piqué i Camps (born 21 February 1955 in Vilanova i la Geltrú) is a Spanish politician of the right-wing Spanish People's Party (PP) who represented Barcelona.	Josep Piqué	People's Party
member of political party	John Derek Twigg (born 9 July 1959) is a British Labour Party politician, who has served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Halton in Cheshire since 1997 general election.	Derek Twigg	Labour Party
member of political party	Vilhelm Andreas Wexelsen (5 June 1849 -- 9 July 1909) was a Norwegian bishop and politician for the Liberal Party.	Vilhelm Andreas Wexelsen	Liberal Party
member of sports team	Hemiliano Gomes Lopes (born 23 January 1993), known simply as Hemiliano, is a Bissau-Guinean footballer who plays for Portuguese club S.C.U. Torreense as a forward.	Hemiliano Gomes Lopes	S.C.U. Torreense
member of sports team	Denzil Franco (born 1986 in Saligao in Goa) is an Indian football player who plays for Atlético de Kolkata in the Indian Super League.	Denzil Franco	Atlético de Kolkata
member of sports team	Shin-Soo Choo (Hangul: 추신수; Hanja: 秋信守; born July 13, 1982) is a South Korean professional baseball right fielder for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Shin-Soo Choo	Texas Rangers
member of sports team	Randy Edwards is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for four seasons for the Seattle Seahawks.	Randy Edwards	Seattle Seahawks
member of sports team	Sandi Čebular (born 24 June 1986) is a Slovenian professional basketball player for KK Šentjur of the Slovenian League.	Sandi Čebular	KK Šentjur
member of sports team	Emmeric Ong Yu Min (born 25 January 1991) is a Singaporean footballer who currently plays as a defender and midfielder for Warriors FC in the S.League.	Emmeric Ong	Warriors FC
member of sports team	Ekow Benson (born April 23, 1989 in Akwatia) is a Ghanaian football player, he is currently attached to Asante Kotoko F.C..	Ekow Benson	Asante Kotoko F.C.
member of sports team	Claes Cronqvist began his career in Landskrona BoIS in 1962, and played 1966--1970 for Djurgårdens IF and became Swedish champion during his first year in his new club.	Claes Cronqvist	Landskrona BoIS
member of sports team	Miller Farr was a first round draft choice by the AFL's Denver Broncos in 1964, then went to the San Diego Chargers for 1965 and 1966.	Miller Farr	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Vitaliy Fedoriv (Ukrainian: Віталій Миколайович Федорів; born 21 October 1987 in Mezhyrichya, Zhydachiv Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Vitaliy Fedoriv	FC Olimpik Donetsk
member of sports team	Karel Hrubeš (born 16 March 1993) is a professional Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for ŠK Slovan Bratislava, on loan from SK Slavia Prague.	Karel Hrubeš	SK Slavia Prague
member of sports team	Richard Ruíz (born January 14, 1986 in Jiquipilas, Chiapas, Mexico) is a Mexican football midfielder, who plays for Cruz Azul in the Liga MX	Richard Ruíz	Cruz Azul
member of sports team	Jo Coppens (born 21 December 1990) is a Belgian professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for MVV Maastricht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Jo Coppens	MVV Maastricht
member of sports team	Sam Docherty (born 17 October 1993) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Sam Docherty	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Stefan Blunschi (born 10 August 1983) is a Swiss professional footballer who has played for FC Lucerne, FC Baden, FC Wil, FC Aarau and SC Cham.	Stefan Blunschi	FC Baden	FC Aarau	SC Cham
member of sports team	Chris Phillips (born March 9, 1978) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player and alternate captain for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Chris Phillips	Ottawa Senators
member of sports team	On 19 June 2009, André Schembri signed a two-year contract with Austrian Football Bundesliga side SK Austria Kärnten.	André Schembri	SK Austria Kärnten
member of sports team	Matej Kováč (born 14 December 1985) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Slovak Corgoň Liga club Spartak Myjava.	Matej Kováč	Spartak Myjava
member of sports team	Mauro Bogado (born 31 May 1985 in San Martín, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football midfielder, who plays for San Martín de San Juan in Argentina.	Mauro Bogado	San Martín de San Juan
member of sports team	Santiago Fusilier (born December 12, 1983 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine soccer player who plays as a midfielder and is currently without a club after his leaving his most recent club Crystal Palace Baltimore.	Santiago Fusilier	Crystal Palace Baltimore
member of sports team	Tony Benjamin (born October 27, 1955 in Monessen, Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football player who played in three NFL seasons from 1977-1979 for the Seattle Seahawks.	Tony Benjamin	Seattle Seahawks
member of sports team	Martin Vingaard Hansen (born 20 March 1985 in Odense) is a Danish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Danish Superliga side FC Nordsjælland and the Danish national team.	Martin Vingaard	FC Nordsjælland
member of sports team	Brian Cadle (September 13, 1948 -- November 6, 2015) was a World Hockey Association left winger for the Winnipeg Jets.	Brian Cadle	Winnipeg Jets
member of sports team	Terry Greer (born September 27, 1957 in Memphis, Tennessee) is a former professional American and Canadian football player who played wide receiver with the Canadian Football League Toronto Argonauts and the NFL Cleveland Browns and San Francisco 49ers.	Terry Greer	Toronto Argonauts	Cleveland Browns	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Calvin Abueva (born February 4, 1988) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Calvin Abueva	Alaska Aces
member of sports team	Frank Jonke (born January 30, 1985) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays with FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League.	Frank Jonke	FC Edmonton
member of sports team	Eni Malaj (born 14 July 1989 in Tirana, Albania) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Eni Malaj	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Cleyton Rafael Lima da Silva (born 24 February 1990), simply known as Cleyton is a Brazilian footballer playing for ABC Futebol Clube on loan from Académica of Primeira Liga as a midfielder.	Cleyton Rafael Lima da Silva	ABC Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Theodor Gebre Selassie (born 24 December 1986) is a Czech football defender who plays for German club Werder Bremen and the Czech Republic national football team.	Theodor Gebre Selassie	Czech Republic national football team
member of sports team	Jon Jay made his Major League debut on April 26, 2010 with the St. Louis Cardinals, after beginning his second consecutive season with the Memphis Redbirds.	Jon Jay	Memphis Redbirds
member of sports team	Jim Sandusky (born September 9, 1961 in Othello, Washington) was a Canadian Football League receiver for the BC Lions and the Edmonton Eskimos who, in a 12-year career from 1984--1996, caught 586 passes for 9737 yards and 69 touchdowns.	Jim Sandusky	BC Lions	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Cédric Permal (born December 8, 1991 in Mauritius) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays for AS de Vacoas-Phoenix in the Mauritian League as a defender.	Cédric Permal	AS de Vacoas-Phoenix
member of sports team	Blaž Emeršič (born October 10, 1980 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian ice hockey player currently playing for Milton Keynes Lightning of the English Premier Ice Hockey League.	Blaž Emeršič	Milton Keynes Lightning
member of sports team	Younes Alaiwi Al-Enezi (Arabic: يونس عليوي العنزي‎; born January 26, 1990 ) is a Saudi football player who plays a forward for Al-Raed on loan form Al-Hilal .	Younes Alaiwi	Al-Raed
member of sports team	Noelle Quinn (born January 3, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Mercury in the WNBA, and for Botaş SK in the Turkish Women's Basketball League.	Noelle Quinn	Phoenix Mercury
member of sports team	Aggelos Pournos (Greek: Άγγελος Πούρνος) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Football League club Panelefsiniakos F.C. , as a Defensive Midfielder.	Aggelos Pournos	Panelefsiniakos F.C.
member of sports team	Julien Le Devedec (born 6 June 1986 in Sainte-Foy-la-Grande, France) is a French rugby union footballer, currently playing for CA Brive in the Top 14.	Julien Le Devedec	CA Brive
member of sports team	Bob Mulder (born 31 January 1974 in Delfzijl) is a retired professional footballer from the Netherlands, who played for clubs like FC Groningen, MVV Maastricht, Heracles Almelo and BV Veendam.	Bob Mulder	FC Groningen	MVV Maastricht
member of sports team	Günter Jäger (born 21 December 1935) is a German former footballer who played as a defender for Fortuna Düsseldorf and Wuppertaler SV.	Günter Jäger	Fortuna Düsseldorf
member of sports team	Jordi Alba Ramos (Catalan: (ˈʒɔrði ˈaɫβə i ˈramos), Spanish: (ˈʝorði ˈalβa i ˈramos)); born 21 March 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team.	Jordi Alba	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Dámaso Blanco Caripe (born December 11, 1941 in Curiepe, Miranda State, Venezuela), is a former Major League Baseball third baseman/shortstop and right-handed batter who played for the San Francisco Giants (1972--74).	Dámaso Blanco	San Francisco Giants
member of sports team	Mustapha Sesay (born 1 January 1992) is a Sierra Leonean footballer, who currently plays for East End Lions F.C..	Mustapha Sesay	East End Lions F.C.
member of sports team	Nicolas Maréchal (born 4 March 1987) is a French volleyball player of Polish citizenship (since April 8, 2013), a member of France men's national volleyball team and Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów, European Champion 2015, gold medalist of the World League 2015.	Nicolas Maréchal	Skra Bełchatów
member of sports team	Hamza Dahmane (born September 22, 1990) is an Algerian football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 side CS Constantine and the Algerian Under-23 National Team.	Hamza Dahmane	CS Constantine
member of sports team	Martin Vavák (born 4 March 1994 in Trenčín) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club Spartak Myjava.	Martin Vavák	Spartak Myjava
member of sports team	Issah Gabriel Ahmed or Issah Gabarel Ahmad (born 24 May 1982) is a Ghanaian football defender who currently, as of May 2006, plays for Randers FC.	Issah Gabriel Ahmed	Randers FC
member of sports team	Born in San Fernando, Cádiz, Andalusia, Yordi started his professional career with Sevilla FC, moving in 1996 to Atlético Madrid.	Yordi	Sevilla FC	Atlético Madrid
member of sports team	Wanderson Souza Carneiro (born February 23, 1987), known as Baiano, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club S.C. Braga.	Wanderson Souza Carneiro	S.C. Braga
member of sports team	Alessio Curcio (born March 12, 1990 in Benevento) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team A.S. Casale Calcio.	Alessio Curcio	A.S. Casale Calcio
member of sports team	As a player, Jia Xiuquan predominately played the majority of his career for Bayi Football Team.	Jia Xiuquan	Bayi Football Team
member of sports team	Rudy Gollomb was a player in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles in 1936 as a guard.	Rudy Gollomb	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	After playing American football for the University of California as a quarterback, Wayne Crow played professionally for four seasons as a running back and punter for the Oakland Raiders and Buffalo Bills of the American Football League.	Wayne Crow	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Gedas Butrimavičius (born 26 January 1980) is a Lithuanian football defender, who represents Znicz Pruszków.	Gedas Butrimavičius	Znicz Pruszków
member of sports team	Darren Comeaux (born April 15, 1960 in San Diego, California) is a former professional American football linebacker for the Denver Broncos (1982--86), San Francisco 49ers (1987) and Seattle Seahawks (1988--91) of the NFL.	Darren Comeaux	Denver Broncos	San Francisco 49ers	Seattle Seahawks
member of sports team	Liam Jones (born 24 February 1991) is an Australian rules footballer for the Carlton Football Club.	Liam Jones	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Jordi Vanlerberghe (born 27 June 1996) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for KV Mechelen mostly as a centre back or right back in the Belgian Pro League.	Jordi Vanlerberghe	KV Mechelen
member of sports team	Paulo César Motta Donis (born 29 March 1982) is a Guatemalan football goalkeeper who plays for C.S.D. Municipal in Guatemala's top division.	Paulo César Motta	C.S.D. Municipal
member of sports team	Laud Quartey (born 11 March 1984 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian football player currently playing for Ghana Telecom Premier League side Accra Hearts of Oak SC.	Laud Quartey	Accra Hearts of Oak SC
member of sports team	Marco Sailer (16 November 1985 in Schwäbisch Hall) is a German footballer who currently plays for SV Darmstadt 98 in the Bundesliga.	Marco Sailer	SV Darmstadt 98
member of sports team	Pape Maly Diamanka (born 10 January 1990) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Zaragoza as a central midfielder.	Pape Maly Diamanka	Real Zaragoza
member of sports team	Marcel Risse (born 17 December 1989) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1. FC Köln.	Marcel Risse	1. FC Köln
member of sports team	Jean Landry Poulangoye Mayelet (born on September 9, 1976) is a Gabonese footballer that previously plays for Arema FC in the Indonesia Super League.	Landry Poulangoye	Arema FC
member of sports team	Biyi Alo (born 16 March 1994) is an English professional rugby union player; he plays at prop for Saracens.	Biyi Alo	Saracens
member of sports team	Tomáš Dočekal (born 24 May 1989) is a professional Czech football player who currently plays for Polish club Piast Gliwice.	Tomáš Dočekal	Piast Gliwice
member of sports team	Joonas Vaino came through youth ranks to play first-tier basketball for BC Rakvere Tarvas and made his debut in KML when he was 16 years old.	Joonas Vaino	BC Rakvere Tarvas
member of sports team	Greg Tubbs (born August 31, 1962) is a former Major League Baseball player who played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1993.	Greg Tubbs	Cincinnati Reds
member of sports team	Álvaro Rubio Robres (born 18 April 1979) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Valladolid as a defensive midfielder.	Álvaro Rubio	Real Valladolid
member of sports team	Angelo Martha (born 29 April 1982 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch-Curaçaoan footballer who currently plays for SV Spakenburg in Dutch third division.	Angelo Martha	SV Spakenburg
member of sports team	Finn Christensen played most of his career in Vejle Boldklub.	Finn Christensen	Vejle Boldklub
member of sports team	Teruhito Nakagawa (仲川輝人, born 27 July 1992) is a Japanese football player with Yokohama F. Marinos.	Teruhito Nakagawa	Yokohama F. Marinos
member of sports team	Tom Homco (born January 1, 1970 in Hammond, Indiana) is a former American football linebacker for four seasons for the Los Angeles Rams/St. Louis Rams.	Tom Homco	Los Angeles Rams
member of sports team	Ernst Andersson (26 March 1909 -- 9 October 1989) was a Swedish professional footballer who played for IFK Göteborg.	Ernst Andersson	IFK Göteborg
member of sports team	Mohammad Al-Anbar (born 22 March 1985) is a Saudi Arabian football (soccer) player who plays as a center-forward for Al-Shoalah.	Mohammad Al-Anbar	Al-Shoalah
member of sports team	Yasin Ali Egal (born 1 March 1991) is a Somali international footballer, and is the captain of the Somalia national football team and Elman FC.	Yasin Ali Egal	Elman FC
member of sports team	Rafael Salgado Alves (born 4 January 1994 in Palmeira (Braga)) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. União on loan from S.C. Braga as a goalkeeper.	Rafael Salgado Alves	C.F. União
member of sports team	Darnell King (born September 23, 1990) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League.	Darnell King	Tampa Bay Rowdies
member of sports team	Lars Linus Persson (born December 29, 1985) is a Swedish professional ice hockey right winger, currently playing for Färjestad BK in the Elitserien.	Linus Persson	Färjestad BK
member of sports team	Buse Güngör (born October 2, 1994) is a Turkish women's football attacking midfielder currently playing in the Women's First League for Kireçburnu Spor with jersey number 20.	Buse Güngör	Kireçburnu Spor
member of sports team	Joy Ferrao (born 30 April 1987) is an Indian footballer who plays as a forward for Dempo S.C. in the I-League.	Joy Ferrao	Dempo S.C.
member of sports team	Jakub Bartek (born 1 July 1992 in Prešov) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club 1. FC Tatran Prešov.	Jakub Bartek	1. FC Tatran Prešov
member of sports team	Roberto Franchini (born 13 November 1973) is an Australian ice hockey player who played for the Sydney Bears of the Australian Ice Hockey League between 2006 and 2010 and is a former member of the Australian national ice hockey team.	Roberto Franchini	Sydney Bears
member of sports team	Thomas Hedin (born July 5, 1957), is a retired ice hockey player who spent 8 seasons with Skellefteå AIK and two seasons with Björklöven.	Thomas Hedin	Skellefteå AIK
member of sports team	Abdullah Mohammed Al-Qasabi commonly known as Abdullah Al-Qasabi (Arabic: عب الله محمد حامد القصبي‎; born 28 April 1986) is an Omani footballer who plays for Fanja SC in Oman Professional League.	Abdullah Al-Qasabi	Fanja SC
member of sports team	Shekinna Stricklen (born July 30, 1990) is an American basketball forward for the Connecticut Sun of the WNBA.	Shekinna Stricklen	Connecticut Sun
member of sports team	Lewis Niven (born 03 May1988) was a Scottish rugby union player who played for Edinburgh Rugby in the RaboDirect Pro12.	Lewis Niven	Edinburgh Rugby
member of sports team	Amarwant Singh (born 19 March 1989 in Ludhiana, Punjab) is an Indian footballer who last played as a defender for Pailan Arrows in the I-League.	Amarwant Singh	Pailan Arrows
member of sports team	Craig McElhatton is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, playing at representative level for Ireland, and at club level for Dudley Hill, and Bradford Bulls.	Craig McElhatton	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Kristian Näkyvä (born November 18, 1990) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Kristian Näkyvä	Nashville Predators
member of sports team	Irakli Meskhia (Ukrainian: Іраклі Георгієвич Месхія; Georgian: ირაკლი მესხია; born 7 January 1993 in Georgia) is a professional Georgian-born Ukrainian football midfielder who played for Stomil Olsztyn in the Polish I liga.	Irakli Meskhia	Stomil Olsztyn
member of sports team	Dóra Zeller (born 6 January 1995 in Esztergom) is a Hungarian football forward currently playing in the Bundesliga for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.	Dóra Zeller	TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
member of sports team	Corey Spring (born May 31, 1971 in Cranbrook, British Columbia) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 16 games for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League.	Corey Spring	Tampa Bay Lightning
member of sports team	Noel Carter (born 9 February 1955) is a former Australian rules football player who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) between 1973 and 1977 for the Richmond Football Club.	Noel Carter	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Lorenc Trashi (born 19 May 1992 in Gramsh) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Lorenc Trashi	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	On 28 January 2012 Rani Khedira had his debut for VfB Stuttgart II in the 3.	Rani Khedira	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Valery Noufor (born May 13, 1985 in Douala) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Espérance Guider.	Valery Noufor	Espérance Guider
member of sports team	Samuel Bayón Garcia (born 15 March 1983) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Slovak club MFK Zemplín Michalovce mainly as a right winger.	Samuel Bayón	MFK Zemplín Michalovce
member of sports team	Oleksandr Dekhtyarenko (Ukrainian: Олександр Сергійович Дехтяренко; born 13 February 1996 in Ukraine), is a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksandr Dekhtyarenko	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Oleksandr Luchyk (Ukrainian: Олександр Юрійович Лучик; born 30 March 1994), is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol.	Oleksandr Luchyk	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Florin Nanu (born 9 August 1983) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Liga I club ACS Poli Timișoara.	Florin Nanu	ACS Poli Timișoara
member of sports team	Alexander Pöllhuber (born 30 April 1985) is an Austrian professional association football player, currently playing for Austrian Football First League side SC Rheindorf Altach as a defender.	Alexander Pöllhuber	SC Rheindorf Altach
member of sports team	Andrei Ostrikov (Russian: Андрей Остриков) (born 2 July 1987 in Moscow, Russia) is a rugby union player for the Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership.	Andrei Ostrikov	Sale Sharks
member of sports team	Zuzana Žirková (born June 6, 1980) is a professional basketball player who last played for the Good Angels Košice.	Zuzana Žirková	Good Angels Košice
member of sports team	Volker Schmidt (born on 22 September 1978 in Hamburg) is a German football player who currently plays for Hamburger SV.	Volker Schmidt	Hamburger SV
member of sports team	Tawfik Alolo Alhassan (born December 12, 1986 in Tamale, Ghana) is a football player who is currently under contract by the club Real Tamale United.	Tawfik Alolo	Real Tamale United
member of sports team	Christian Duke (born June 5, 1991) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Swope Park Rangers.	Christian Duke	Swope Park Rangers
member of sports team	Clarence Vaughn (born July 17, 1964) is a former American football safety in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins.	Clarence Vaughn	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Paul Musser (June 24, 1889 -- July 7, 1973) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Washington Senators (1912) and Boston Red Sox (1919).	Paul Musser	Boston Red Sox
member of sports team	Frank Gumbleton (born 6 March 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the North Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League during the 1970s.	Frank Gumbleton	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Mykola Vechurko (Ukrainian: Микола Володимирович Вечурко; born 6 July 1992 in Kyiv, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently playing for FC Ahal in the Turkmen Ýokary Liga.	Mykola Vechurko	FC Ahal
member of sports team	Dave Hoffmann (born July 24, 1970) was an All-American linebacker at the University of Washington, drafted by the Chicago Bears in the 1993 NFL Draft and played for the Pittsburgh Steelers.	Dave Hoffmann	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Fernando Sanjurjo (born 9 July 1982 in San Martín) is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing in Sportivo Patria.	Fernando Sanjurjo	Sportivo Patria
member of sports team	Kerwin Waldroup (born August 1, 1974) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for three seasons for the Detroit Lions.	Kerwin Waldroup	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Khreem Smith (born July 7, 1979 in St. James, Jamaica) is a gridiron football offensive lineman for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Khreem Smith	BC Lions
member of sports team	Masaki Hemmi (born August 14, 1986) is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Real Colorado Foxes in the USL Premier Development League.	Masaki Hemmi	Real Colorado Foxes
member of sports team	Loveday Enyinnaya (born 28 November 1989) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Royal Wahingdoh F.C. in the I-League.	Loveday Enyinnaya	Royal Wahingdoh F.C.
member of sports team	Diosvelis Guerra is a Cuban international footballer that plays for and the Cuba national football team.	Diosvelis Guerra	Cuba national football team
member of sports team	Michelle Barr (born 19 October 1978) is a Scottish footballer and football coach who currently plays in the Scottish Women's Premier League for Rangers.	Michelle Barr	Rangers
member of sports team	Patrick Geering (born February 12, 1990) is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the ZSC Lions in the National League A. He participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team.	Patrick Geering	ZSC Lions
member of sports team	Vladyslav Ohirya (Ukrainian: Владислав Леонідович Огіря; born 3 April 1990 in Hirske, Voroshylovhrad Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk.	Vladyslav Ohirya	FC Olimpik Donetsk
member of sports team	Chris Limahelu (October 16, 1950 -- April 7, 2010) was place kicker for the USC Trojans football team during the 1973 and 1974 seasons when John McKay was the head coach.	Chris Limahelu	USC Trojans football
member of sports team	Karoj Sindi (born August 21, 1989) is a German footballer of Kurdish who plays for TuS Erndtebrück.	Karoj Sindi	TuS Erndtebrück
member of sports team	Pavel Malíř (born 8 April 1975 in Bohumín, Czech Republic) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for FK Fotbal Třinec in Czech 2.	Pavel Malíř	FK Fotbal Třinec
member of sports team	Reynald Lemaître (born June 28, 1983 in Chambray-lès-Tours) is a French football (soccer) midfielder, he currently plays for En Avant de Guingamp.	Reynald Lemaître	En Avant de Guingamp
member of sports team	Christian Lechtaler (born February 10, 1972) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey centre, and currently an assistant coach for Frölunda HC in Elitserien.	Christian Lechtaler	Frölunda HC
member of sports team	Daryoush Ayyoubi (born August 30, 1980) is an Iranian footballer who play for Persiram Raja Ampat in the Indonesia Super League.	Daryoush Ayyoubi	Persiram Raja Ampat
member of sports team	Radoslav Bachev (Bulgarian: Радослав Бачев; born 9 April 1981) is a Bulgarian footballer who last played as a defender for Septemvri Simitli.	Radoslav Bachev	Septemvri Simitli
member of sports team	Stefan Erkgärds (born March 23, 1985 in Hagfors, Sweden) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman, currently with Rögle BK in the Swedish Elitserien.	Stefan Erkgärds	Rögle BK
member of sports team	Vitaliy Havrysh (Ukrainian: Віталій Володимирович Гавриш; born 18 March 1986 in Chernihiv, in the Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod.	Vitaliy Havrysh	FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
member of sports team	Bruce Jarvis (born November 3, 1948) is a former professional American football player, an offensive lineman for four seasons for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League.	Bruce Jarvis	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Stephen Sene (born October 9, 1983 in Columbia, South Carolina) is an American football offensive tackle for the New England Patriots of the National Football League.	Stephen Sene	New England Patriots
member of sports team	For the 2004--05 season, Fredrik Modin returned to Sweden to play for Timrå IK because of the NHL lockout.	Fredrik Modin	Timrå IK
member of sports team	Gibson Bardsley (born July 23, 1989 in Fall City, Washington) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Pembroke Athleta F.C.	Gibson Bardsley	Pembroke Athleta F.C.
member of sports team	José Padrón Martín (May 5, 1906 -- December 3, 1966) was a Spanish footballer who played for RCD Espanyol, Sevilla FC and FC Barcelona in Spain and various clubs in France.	José Padrón	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Dewey Wade was a NCAA football player and coach, and a player for the National Football League's San Francisco 49ers born in St. Joseph, Missouri.	Dewey Wade	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Allan Dias (born 17 December 1986 in Mumbai, Maharashtra) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for Air India FC in the Elite Division of WIFA as a midfielder.	Allan Dias	Air India
member of sports team	Diosdado Mbele Mba Mangue (born 8 April 1997 in Malabo) is an Equatoguinean footballer who plays for Hibernians F.C..	Diosdado Mbele	Hibernians F.C.
member of sports team	Heinz Guckert or Hoagie as he is known was a German-American football (soccer) center who played for the Philadelphia United German-Hungarians, Philadelphia Spartans, as well as various other Philadelphia area teams.	Heinz Guckert	Philadelphia United German-Hungarians
member of sports team	Hovhannes Hambardzumyan (Armenian: Հովհաննես Համբարձումյան, born 4 October 1990) is an Armenian football player who currently plays defender for the Armenian national team and for Macedonian First League side FK Vardar.	Hovhannes Hambardzumyan	FK Vardar
member of sports team	Tom Wandell (born January 29, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey Forward who is currently playing with Admiral Vladivostok in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Tom Wandell	Admiral Vladivostok
member of sports team	Srđan Babić (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђан Бабић; born 22 April 1996) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Real Sociedad.	Srđan Babić	Real Sociedad
member of sports team	Vladyslav Kulach (Ukrainian: Владислав Ігорович Кулач; born 7 May 1993 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing as a striker for Eskişehirspor on loan from Shakhtar Donetsk.	Vladyslav Kulach	Eskişehirspor
member of sports team	Ivan Yeo (born March 2, 1993 in Kelantan, Malaysia) is a Malaysian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Westports Malaysia Dragons of the ASEAN Basketball League (ABL).	Ivan Yeo	Westports Malaysia Dragons
member of sports team	Wirya Kumandra is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persebaya Surabaya in Indonesian Premier League as a defender.	Wirya Kumandra	Persebaya Surabaya
member of sports team	István Spitzmüller (born 14 May 1986 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian football (Midfielder) player who currently plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC.	István Spitzmüller	Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
member of sports team	Leo Harold Hays (born September 24, 1939) is a former American football linebacker who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and the San Francisco 49ers.	Harold Hays	Dallas Cowboys	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Péter Gulácsi (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈpeːtɛr ˈɡulaːt͡ʃi); born 6 May 1990) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for RB Leipzig as a goalkeeper.	Péter Gulácsi	RB Leipzig
member of sports team	Juan Ignacio González Ibarra (born 8 July 1984 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican footballer currently playing for Club León in Liga MX as a defender.	Juan Ignacio González	Club León
member of sports team	Branko Jovičić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранко Јовичић; born March 18, 1993 in Čačak) is a Serbian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Amkar Perm in the Russian Premier League.	Branko Jovičić	FC Amkar Perm
member of sports team	Dede Sulaiman is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura as a goalkeeper in the Indonesia Super League.	Dede Sulaiman	Persipura Jayapura
member of sports team	Jens Berthel Askou (born 19 August 1982, in Videbæk) is a Danish professional footballer, who plays as a defender for Danish 1st Division side Skive IK as a playing assistant manager.	Jens Berthel Askou	Skive IK
member of sports team	Francis Olaki is a Ugandan professional footballer, who plays as a Forward for KF Tirana in Albania .	Francis Olaki	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Juliano Laurentino dos Santos (born 16 February 1985 in João Pessoa), commonly known as Roma, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for América Futebol Clube (PE) as a winger.	Juliano Laurentino dos Santos	América Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Brock James (born 22 October 1981 in Victoria, Australia) is an Australian rugby union player currently playing for French club ASM Clermont Auvergne.	Brock James	ASM Clermont Auvergne
member of sports team	Tomáš Borek (born 4 April 1986) is a professional Czech football player, who currently plays for Konyaspor in Turkey.	Tomáš Borek	Konyaspor
member of sports team	Tyler Haws (born April 11, 1991) is an American basketball player who plays for Obradoiro CAB of Spain's Liga ACB.	Tyler Haws	Obradoiro CAB
member of sports team	Jamall Lee (born March 13, 1987) is a former professional Canadian football running back who played for three seasons for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Jamall Lee	BC Lions
member of sports team	Kyle Zenoni (born February 16, 1984, in Hartland, Wisconsin) is a former American soccer player and current soccer coach who last played for Bolivian side La Paz F.C., after a switch from USL First Division club Minnesota Thunder.	Kyle Zenoni	La Paz F.C.	Minnesota Thunder
member of sports team	Milan Zachariáš (born 1 October 1983) is a Czech football defender who plays for FK Ústí nad Labem in the Czech 2.	Milan Zachariáš	FK Ústí nad Labem
member of sports team	Jim Krieg (born May 29, 1949) is a former American football wide receiver who played one season in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos.	Jim Krieg	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Miguel Ángel López-Cedrón Freije (born 3 June 1978), known simply as Miguel, is a Spanish retired footballer who last played for CD Llanes as a centre forward.	Miguel Ángel López-Cedrón	CD Llanes
member of sports team	Farhod Tadjiyev (Uzbek: 'Фарход Тожиев or Farhod Tojiyev') (born on 9 April 1986) is a Uzbekistani footballer currently playing for T-Team FC as striker.	Farhod Tadjiyev	T-Team FC
member of sports team	Miloš Riečičiar (10 February 1990 in Čadca ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a defender for ŠK LR Crystal Lednické Rovne, on loan from MFK Dubnica.	Miloš Riečičiar	MFK Dubnica
member of sports team	Ren Xin (Chinese: 任鑫; pinyin: Rèn Xīn; born 22 May 1989) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Jiangxi Liansheng in the China League Two.	Ren Xin	Jiangxi Liansheng
member of sports team	Sercan Yıldırım (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈseɾdʒan ˈjɯɫdɯˈɾɯm), born 5 April 1990) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a striker for Süper Lig club Bursaspor, on loan from Galatasaray.	Sercan Yıldırım	Bursaspor
member of sports team	Mohammed Mubarak is a Qatari footballer who is a goalkeeper for Qatar SC.	Mohammed Mubarak	Qatar SC
member of sports team	Luke Menzies born (May 29, 1988 in Batley, West Yorkshire) is an English rugby league player who currently plays for Hull Kingston Rovers in the Super League competition, and has previously played for Salford, Bradford and Batley.	Luke Menzies	Hull Kingston Rovers
member of sports team	Sebastian Białas (born January 7, 1990) is a Polish footballer who currently plays as a defender for Arka Gdynia in the Ekstraklasa.	Sebastian Białas	Arka Gdynia
member of sports team	Rashad Jeanty (born April 17, 1983) is a former professional Canadian football defensive lineman of Haitian descent, who played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Rashad Jeanty	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Ted Laurent (born July 1, 1988 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian football defensive lineman who is currently a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Ted Laurent	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Mads Toppel (born 30 January 1982) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper who plays for Danish Superliga-club Brøndby IF.	Mads Toppel	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Clinton Young (born 16 February 1986) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club and Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Clinton Young	Hawthorn Football Club	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Steven Crouch (born 24 December 1977) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Parramatta Eels, Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Wests Tigers Sydney Roosters, and Castleford Tigers.	Steven Crouch	Castleford Tigers
member of sports team	Sergiusz Prusak (born 1 May 1979) is a Polish footballer (Goalkeeper) who is currently playing for Górnik Łęczna.	Sergiusz Prusak	Górnik Łęczna
member of sports team	Daniël van Son (born 14 February 1994 in Purmerend) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for FC Volendam in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Daniël van Son	FC Volendam
member of sports team	Armen Shahgeldyan (Armenian: Արմեն Անդրանիկի Շահգելդյան; born on 28 August 1973 in Yerevan) is an Armenian retired football player who played striker for the Armenian national team and finished his career for Armenian Premier League club FC Mika.	Armen Shahgeldyan	FC Mika
member of sports team	Dickson Agyeman (born 14 September 1985 in Antwerp) is a Belgian football midfielder who last played for K. Berchem Sport.	Dickson Agyeman	K. Berchem Sport
member of sports team	Charlton Atlee Hammaker (born January 24, 1958) is a former Major League Baseball left-handed pitcher who played the majority of his career for the San Francisco Giants, from 1982 to 1990.	Atlee Hammaker	San Francisco Giants
member of sports team	John Vella (born April 21, 1950) is a former American football offensive tackle who played for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL) between 1972 and 1979.	John Vella	Oakland Raiders
member of sports team	Emin Imamaliev (Azeri spelling: Emin İmaməliyev; born 7 August 1980 in Baku) is an Azerbaijani football midfielder who most recently played for FK Qarabağ in the AFFA Supreme League.	Emin Imamaliev	FK Qarabağ
member of sports team	Tomasz Kędziora (born 11 June 1994) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Lech Poznań in the Ekstraklasa.	Tomasz Kędziora	Lech Poznań
member of sports team	Igor Poznič (born 13 August 1967) is a former Slovene football player, who played as a forward and was capped once for the Slovenia national football team.	Igor Poznič	Slovenia national football team
member of sports team	Hector Negrello (March 10, 1921 -- June 9, 2000) was a Canadian ice hockey player with the Lethbridge Maple Leafs.	Hector Negrello	Lethbridge Maple Leafs
member of sports team	Danny Kirmond is currently the captain of the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats after being appointed mid-season in 2012.	Danny Kirmond	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Denys Bezborodko (Ukrainian: Денис Олегович Безбородько; born 31 May 1994 in Chernihiv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing as a striker on loan for FC Illichivets Mariupol.	Denys Bezborodko	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Jeff Strasser (born 5 October 1974 in Mondorf-les-Bains) is a retired Luxembourgian footballer, who currently manages CS Fola Esch.	Jeff Strasser	CS Fola Esch
member of sports team	Wiley Brown is a retired NFL player, who lettered 2 years with the Philadelphia Eagles as a defensive end, before deciding to play professional basketball in the International Federation of Basketball where he traveled throughout the world.	Wiley Brown	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Miguel Coronado (born February 6, 1987 in Peñalolén, Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently in San Marcos de Arica.	Miguel Coronado	San Marcos de Arica
member of sports team	Karl Odermatt (born 17 December 1942 in Lucerne) is a Swiss former footballer who played for FC Basel and BSC Young Boys throughout the 1960s and 1970s.	Karl Odermatt	FC Basel	BSC Young Boys
member of sports team	Kent Kingsley (born 26 September 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer for the North Melbourne Football Club, the Geelong Football Club and the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Kent Kingsley	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Dwayne Carswell (born January 18, 1972) is a retired American football tight end and offensive lineman who played from 1994-2005 for the Denver Broncos in the National Football League.	Dwayne Carswell	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Bruno Banducci (November 11, 1921 -- September 15, 1985) was an Italian, American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and the San Francisco 49ers.	Bruno Banducci	Philadelphia Eagles	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Julio Cobos Moreno (born 10 February 1971) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a winger, and the current manager of CF Villanovense.	Julio Cobos Moreno	CF Villanovense
member of sports team	Elie Stephan (alternatively Elie Estephane, born in Ghosta, Lebanon on July 20, 1986) is a professional Lebanese basketball player who is currently a member of Lebanese Basketball League team Hekmeh.	Elie Stephan	Hekmeh
member of sports team	Nils Röseler (born 10 February 1992) is a German professional footballer, who currently plays for Chemnitzer FC in the 3.	Nils Röseler	Chemnitzer FC
member of sports team	Eric Larsson (born 15 July 1991) is a Swedish footballer who plays for GIF Sundsvall as a defender.	Eric Larsson	GIF Sundsvall
member of sports team	Phillip Buffington (born December 27, 1986) is an American soccer player who has played for Mississippi Brilla, Dandaloo Lions FC, and Harrisburg City Islanders professionally.	Phillip Buffington	Mississippi Brilla
member of sports team	Vadym Strashkevych (Ukrainian: Вадим В′ячеславович Страшкевич; born 21 April 1994 in Lviv, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League.	Vadym Strashkevych	FC Karpaty Lviv
member of sports team	Timo Baumgartl (born 4 March 1996) is a German footballer who plays as centre back for VfB Stuttgart in the Bundesliga.	Timo Baumgartl	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Roberto Santo (born March 7, 1986) is a South African football midfielder who plays for National First Division club Vasco da Gama.	Roberto Santo	Vasco da Gama
member of sports team	On 17 April 2012, Jimmy Cowan would leave the Highlanders to join English side Gloucester Rugby in the Aviva Premiership for the 2012/13 season.	Jimmy Cowan	Gloucester Rugby
member of sports team	Lawrence Ati-Zigi (born 29 November 1996) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for FC Liefering and FC Red Bull Salzburg as goalkeeper.	Lawrence Ati-Zigi	FC Liefering
member of sports team	Costa Andricopoulos (born 30 March 1991) is an Australian born Footballer who currently plays for Blacktown Spartans FC.	Costa Andricopoulos	Blacktown Spartans FC
member of sports team	Max Padlow (August 15, 1912 -- August 8, 1971) was a professional American football end for the Philadelphia Eagles (1935--1936) in the National Football League and the Cleveland Rams (1936) and the Cincinnati Bengals (1937) of the second American Football League.	Max Padlow	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Rafael Gomes or Gomes (born 12 July 1980, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Bonsucesso Futebol Clube.	Rafael Gomes	Bonsucesso Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Maksim Sergeyevich Morozov (Russian: Максим Серге́евич Морозов; born January 11, 1994) is a Russian football forward, who last played for FC SKA Rostov-on-Don.	Maksim Sergeyevich Morozov	FC SKA Rostov-on-Don
member of sports team	Luke Abraham (born September 26, 1983 in Leicester) is a professional rugby union player, who currently plays for Lyon OU in the French Top 14.	Luke Abraham	Lyon OU
member of sports team	Kerstin Ingrid Therese Sjögran (born 8 April 1977) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder for Damallsvenskan club FC Rosengård and the Sweden women's national football team.	Therese Sjögran	FC Rosengård
member of sports team	Pito Villanon was a Cuban football (soccer) player who spent eleven seasons with Brookhattan in the American Soccer League.	Pito Villanon	Brookhattan
member of sports team	Tamarakuro Debekeme (born 24 October 1990 in Bayelsa, Nigeria) is a footballer, who plays for Nasarawa United F.C..	Tamarakuro Debekeme	Nasarawa United F.C.
member of sports team	Nikolas Besagno (born November 15, 1988 in Maple Valley, Washington) is an American soccer player who is currently a player/coach for Washington Crossfire of the USL Premier Development League.	Nikolas Besagno	Washington Crossfire
member of sports team	Davide Petrucci (born 5 October 1991) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Romanian club CFR Cluj as a midfielder.	Davide Petrucci	CFR Cluj
member of sports team	Matee Ajavon (born May 7, 1986) is a Liberian American player in the WNBA for the Atlanta Dream.	Matee Ajavon	Atlanta Dream
member of sports team	Yeo Reum (Hangul: 여름; born 22 June 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Gwangju FC in K League Challenge.	Yeo Reum	Gwangju FC
member of sports team	Balázs Tóth B. (born 14 July 1986, in Szolnok) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Szolnoki MÁV FC.	Balázs Tóth B.	Szolnoki MÁV FC
member of sports team	Kevin Tkachuk (born September 11, 1976 in Thompson, Manitoba) is a former prop for the Canada national rugby union team and the Glasgow Warriors in Scotland.	Kevin Tkachuk	Glasgow Warriors
member of sports team	Rhys Hanbury (born 27 August 1985) is an Australian professional rugby league player for Widnes Vikings in the European Super League.	Rhys Hanbury	Widnes Vikings
member of sports team	Antonio García Aranda (born 7 November 1989), known as Toño, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Levante UD as a left back.	Antonio García Aranda	Levante UD
member of sports team	Mimmi Löfwenius (born 16 February 1994) is a Swedish football midfielder, currently playing for LSK Kvinner FK (Lillestrøm, Norway) in the Toppserien.	Mimmi Löfwenius	LSK Kvinner FK
member of sports team	Deniz Doğan (born 20 October 1979) is a Turkish-German football coach and football player, who currently works for the reserve team of Eintracht Braunschweig as a playing assistant.	Deniz Doğan	Eintracht Braunschweig
member of sports team	Fred Toney (December 11, 1888 -- March 11, 1953) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs, Cincinnati Reds, New York Giants and St. Louis Cardinals from 1911--1923.	Fred Toney	Chicago Cubs	Cincinnati Reds	St. Louis Cardinals
member of sports team	Derick Wanganeen (born 5 February 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club.	Derick Wanganeen	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Vince Fawcett's son, Benn Fawcett, has played in the junior ranks of home town club, Leeds Rhinos, he attended Lawnswood School.	Vince Fawcett	Leeds Rhinos
member of sports team	Ivy Joe Hunter (born November 16, 1966 in Gainesville, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played fullback for three seasons for the Indianapolis Colts and New England Patriots.	Ivy Joe Hunter	Indianapolis Colts	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Oussama Chita (Arabic: أسامة شيتة‎; born October 31, 1996) is an Algerian footballer who plays for MC Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 and the Algeria national under-23 team.	Oussama Chita	MC Alger
member of sports team	Florian Kamberi is a Swiss Albanian footballer who plays as midfielder with Grasshopper Club Zürich in the Swiss Super League.	Florian Kamberi	Grasshopper Club Zürich
member of sports team	Dustin Cameron (born April 28, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Rote Teufel Bad Nauheim witch are playing in the DEL2, the second-level league of ice hockey in Germany.	Dustin Cameron	Rote Teufel Bad Nauheim
member of sports team	Toni Kuivasto (born 31 December 1975 in Tampere) is a retired Finnish footballer who last played for Veikkausliigaside FC Haka.	Toni Kuivasto	FC Haka
member of sports team	David Lonie (born 6 May 1979) was an American football punter for the Green Bay Packers.	David Lonie	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Julian Talbot (born March 24, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, converted from center, who currently plays for Eisbären Berlin in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.	Julian Talbot	Eisbären Berlin
member of sports team	Michael Harforth (born 9 February 1959) is a retired German footballer who played with Karlsruher SC, Freiburger FC, SV Wiesbaden, MSV Duisburg, Hannover 96, SG Egelsbach and SV Darmstadt 98.	Michael Harforth	Karlsruher SC
member of sports team	Stéphane Auvray (born September 4, 1981 in Les Abymes) is a Guadeloupean footballer who last played for Brunei DPMM FC in the S.League of Singapore.	Stéphane Auvray	Brunei DPMM FC
member of sports team	This led to Luís Fabiano being transferred to La Liga side Sevilla FC.	Luís Fabiano	Sevilla FC
member of sports team	Kelvin Robertson (born 3 January 1983) is an Australian former professional basketball player who played his entire career with the Townsville Crocodiles of the National Basketball League.	Kelvin Robertson	Townsville Crocodiles
member of sports team	Bruce Ellington (born August 22, 1991) is an American football wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League.	Bruce Ellington	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Timothy Durwael (born 24 February 1991 in Hasselt) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a right back for FC Eindhoven.	Timothy Durwael	FC Eindhoven
member of sports team	Yevhen Lozovyi (Ukrainian: Євген Вікторович Лозовий; born 25 March 1988 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Dacia Chișinău.	Yevhen Lozovyi	FC Dacia Chișinău
member of sports team	Leo Blanchard (born March 12, 1955, in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played between 1979 and 1991 in the Canadian Football League, mainly for the Edmonton Eskimos, but also for the Calgary Stampeders.	Leo Blanchard	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Marc-Édouard Vlasic (born March 30, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Marc-Édouard Vlasic	San Jose Sharks
member of sports team	Felipe Aliste Lopes (born 7 August 1987) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for German club VfL Wolfsburg as a central defender.	Felipe Aliste Lopes	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Yevhen Troyanovskyi (Ukrainian: Євген Станіславович Трояновський; born 2 July 1993 in Sloviansk, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for the Ukrainian First League club FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv.	Yevhen Troyanovskyi	FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
member of sports team	Ahmed Mahloof (born 26 March 1980) is a Maldivian former footballer who is the manager of the Maldives national football team.	Ahmed Mahloof	Maldives national football team
member of sports team	Michael Erush (born January 24, 1984 in Van Nuys, California) is an American soccer player who is currently the player-assistant coach of Orange County Blue Star in the USL Premier Development League.	Michael Erush	Orange County Blue Star
member of sports team	Francisco José Sánchez Rodríguez (born 3 January 1996), commonly known as Curro, is a Spanish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Sevilla Atlético.	Francisco José Sánchez Rodríguez	Sevilla Atlético
member of sports team	Born in Sanlúcar de Barrameda, Cádiz, Andalusia, Nolito arrived at FC Barcelona at nearly 22 years of age, having appeared with Écija Balompié in his native region in two third division seasons.	Nolito	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Dmitri Zyuzin (born October 21, 1987) is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010--11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.	Dmitri Zyuzin	Metallurg Novokuznetsk
member of sports team	Walter Stanley (born November 5, 1962 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former professional American football wide receiver for ten seasons in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers, the Detroit Lions, the Washington Redskins, the New England Patriots, and the San Diego Chargers.	Walter Stanley	Green Bay Packers	Detroit Lions	Washington Redskins	New England Patriots	San Diego Chargers
member of sports team	Ben Townsend (born 8 October 1981) is an English football player who played in the Football League for Wycombe Wanderers.	Ben Townsend	Wycombe Wanderers
member of sports team	Itimi Dickson Edherefe is a Singapore international football player who last played for Persidafon Dafonsoro.	Itimi Dickson	Persidafon Dafonsoro
member of sports team	Mirson Volina (born 8 January 1990) is an Albanian footballer who plays for FC Breitenrain Bern in the 1.	Mirson Volina	FC Breitenrain Bern
member of sports team	Hagop Chirishian (born November 1, 1989 in Hollywood, California) is a professional American soccer player who currently plays for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League.	Hagop Chirishian	New York Cosmos
member of sports team	Nuno Henrique Gonçalves Nogueira (born 19 October 1986 in Fafe, Braga District), known as Henrique, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Boavista F.C. as a central defender.	Nuno Henrique Gonçalves Nogueira	Boavista F.C.
member of sports team	Josh Janniere (born November 4, 1992 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian soccer player who most recently played for Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer.	Josh Janniere	Colorado Rapids
member of sports team	Fred Willis (born December 9, 1947) is a retired American football running back who played six seasons in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals and Houston Oilers.	Fred Willis	Cincinnati Bengals	Houston Oilers
member of sports team	Simon Keogh (born 1979) is a rugby union player who played on the wing for Leinster Rugby.	Simon Keogh	Leinster Rugby
member of sports team	Max Warren (born 29 January 1993) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Max Warren	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Claudio Vacca (October 24, 1915 - January 28, 1995) was an Argentine football goalkeeper who played most of his career at Boca Juniors.	Claudio Vacca	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	John Gordy (July 17, 1935 -- January 30, 2009) was an American football offensive guard who played for the Detroit Lions in an eleven-year career that lasted from 1957 to 1967 in the National Football League.	John Gordy	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	On 30 October 2014 it was announced Lydiate would be leaving Racing Metro and returning to Wales on a dual contract between the Welsh Rugby Union and a Welsh region, on 7 December 2014 this was announced to be Ospreys Dan Lydiate was a part of the Welsh team for World Cup 2015.	Dan Lydiate	Ospreys
member of sports team	Harold Morrow (born February 24, 1973) is a former National Football League fullback for the Minnesota Vikings, the Baltimore Ravens, and the Arizona Cardinals.	Harold Morrow	Minnesota Vikings	Baltimore Ravens	Arizona Cardinals
member of sports team	Gastón Rapolo Silva (born 25 January 1986) is a Argentinean football midfielder who currently plays in the Primera B Metropolitana for UAI Urquiza.	Gastón Rapolo	UAI Urquiza
member of sports team	Julian Michel (born 19 February 1992) is a French footballer to a father from france and a mother from Morocco (2) who currently plays for Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz in the Belgian Pro League.	Julian Michel	Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz
member of sports team	Mahonri Schwalger (born 15 September 1978) is a Samoan professional rugby union footballer who plays in New Zealand for the Chiefs in the Super Rugby competition and for Counties Manukau in the National Provincial Championship.	Mahonri Schwalger	Chiefs
member of sports team	András László (born 16 August 1976 in Veszprém) is a Hungarian football (defender) player who currently plays for BFC Siófok.	András László	BFC Siófok
member of sports team	Filipp Savchenko (born 20 November 1991 is a Russian ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg of the Kontinental Hockey League (	Filipp Savchenko	Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg
member of sports team	On 12 August 2010, The Jakarta Globe reports that Indonesian Super League club Persija Jakarta said it had secured the services of Julius Akosah.	Julius Akosah	Persija Jakarta
member of sports team	Cheryl Reeve is an American basketball head coach, currently coaching the Minnesota Lynx of the WNBA.	Cheryl Reeve	Minnesota Lynx
member of sports team	Paulo Vogt made six Ukrainian Premier League appearances, scoring once, for FC Metalurh Donetsk during 2006.	Paulo Vogt	FC Metalurh Donetsk
member of sports team	Sebastián Eguren Ledesma (born 8 January 1981) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Club Nacional de Football mainly as a defensive midfielder.	Sebastián Eguren	Club Nacional de Football
member of sports team	Aleksejs Saramotins (born 8 April 1982) is a Latvian professional road cyclist who rides for IAM Cycling.	Aleksejs Saramotins	IAM Cycling
member of sports team	Lukáš Křeček (born 18 September 1986 in Kladno) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FC Graffin Vlašim on loan from FC Zbrojovka Brno.	Lukáš Křeček	FC Zbrojovka Brno
member of sports team	Nick Crosswell (born 3 April 1986) is a professional rugby union player who represents the Welsh regional team Newport Gwent Dragons in the Pro12 competition.	Nick Crosswell	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Elliot Vélez (born April 24, 1988 San Juan) is a Puerto Rican footballer who currently plays for Sevilla FC Puerto Rico in the USL Professional League.	Elliot Vélez	Sevilla FC Puerto Rico
member of sports team	Ansi Agolli (born 11 October 1982 in Tirana) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays for FK Qarabağ in the Azerbaijan Premier League and the Albanian national team.	Ansi Agolli	FK Qarabağ
member of sports team	Martin Osei Nyarko (born March 13, 1985 in Amanfoo) is a Ghanaian footballer who played as a striker for King Faisal Babes.	Martin Osei Nyarko	King Faisal Babes
member of sports team	Shim Dong-woon (Hangul: 심동운; born 3 March 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Winger for Pohang Steelers in the K League Classic.	Shim Dong-woon	Pohang Steelers
member of sports team	Guillaume Hubert (born 11 January 1994) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Belgian club Standard Liège.	Guillaume Hubert	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Shpëtim Moçka (born 20 October 1989 in Vlorë) is a professional Albanian footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga.	Shpëtim Moçka	KF Laçi
member of sports team	Finn Russell, born 23 September 1992 in Stirling, is a Scottish rugby union player who can play fly-half or centre, and currently plays for Scottish side Glasgow Warriors.	Finn Russell	Glasgow Warriors
member of sports team	Martin Smedberg-Dalence (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmartin (e)ˈsmeðβerɣ), Swedish: (ˈsmeːdˈbærj); born 10 May 1984 in Norrköping) is a Bolivian footballer who plays for IFK Göteborg as a midfielder.	Martin Smedberg-Dalence	IFK Göteborg
member of sports team	Jason Pelletier (born April 24, 1985 in Middletown, Pennsylvania) is an American retired soccer player who last played for Harrisburg City Islanders in the United Soccer League.	Jason Pelletier	Harrisburg City Islanders
member of sports team	He subsequently joined C.F. Os Belenenses, where he was immediately cast into the starting XI. In 2006--07 José Pedro scored eight league goals for a Belenenses final fifth-place in the league (with qualification to the UEFA Cup), while the team was also runner-up in the domestic cup.	José Pedro	C.F. Os Belenenses
member of sports team	Gusripen Efendi (born on August 14, 1986 in Muara Mahat, Kampar Regency) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.	Gusripen Efendi	PSPS Pekanbaru
member of sports team	Timothy Starks was a professional football player for the Minnesota Vikings in 1987 when he was 24 years old.	Timothy Starks	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Jürgen Wilhelm (born 2 November 1950) is a retired German footballer who played for Borussia Dortmund in the Fußball-Bundesliga.	Jürgen Wilhelm	Borussia Dortmund
member of sports team	Dmytro Matviyenko (Ukrainian: Дмитро Олександрович Матвієнко; born 25 May 1992 in Saky, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football defender currently playing for club FC Tiraspol in the Moldovan National Division.	Dmytro Matviyenko	FC Tiraspol
member of sports team	Peter Kleščík (born 18 September 1988) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club FK AS Trenčín and the Slovakia national under-21 football team.	Peter Kleščík	FK AS Trenčín
member of sports team	Max de Boom (born 17 February 1996) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for PEC Zwolle, as a striker.	Max de Boom	PEC Zwolle
military branch	Archibald Arnott (18 April 1772 -- 1855) was a British Army surgeon best remembered as Napoleon's doctor on St. Helena, and who was present at the Emperor's autopsy.	Archibald Arnott	British Army
military branch	Oglethorpe's Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army formed for service in North America during the War of Jenkins' Ear.	Oglethorpe's Regiment	British Army
military branch	General Robert Cuninghame, 1st Baron Rossmore PC (Ire) (18 April 1726 -- 6 August 1801) was an Irish British Army officer and politician.	Robert Cuninghame, 1st Baron Rossmore	British Army
military branch	Group Captain Frederick Charles Victor Laws (ca.1887-1975), O.B.E., was an officer in the Royal Air Force, an aerial surveyor, and the founder and most prominent pioneer of British aerial reconnaissance.	Frederick Charles Victor Laws	Royal Air Force
military branch	William Harwar Parker (October 8, 1826 -- December 30, 1896) was an officer in the United States Navy and later in the Confederate States Navy.	William Harwar Parker	United States Navy
military branch	Tomasz Mathea is a former Commander in Chief of the Polish Navy.	Tomasz Mathea	Polish Navy
military branch	Major-General Sir John Hanbury-Williams GCVO KCB CMG (19 October 1859 -- 19 October 1946) was a British Army officer, who served as Military Secretary to the Secretary of State for War and later Brigadier-General in charge of Administration (Scotland).	John Hanbury-Williams	British Army
military branch	George Downie (19 January 1778 -- 11 September 1814) was a Scottish officer of the British Royal Navy who, during the War of 1812, commanded a British squadron which fought an American squadron on Lake Champlain in the Battle of Plattsburgh, during which he was killed.	George Downie	Royal Navy
military branch	The Irish Guards (IG), part of the Guards Division, is one of the Foot Guards regiments of the British Army and, together with the Royal Irish Regiment, it is one of the two Irish infantry regiments still remaining in the British Army.	Irish Guards	British Army
military branch	The 1st Assault Brigade Royal Engineers was a specialisied armoured formation of the British Army active in World War II. It was formed in mid-1943 and its structure was three Assault Regiments of the Royal Engineers.	1st Assault Brigade Royal Engineers	British Army
military branch	John Murray, 2nd Earl of Dunmore (31 October 1685 -- 18 April 1752), also Viscount of Fincastle and Lord Murray of Blair, Moulin and Tullimet, was a Scottish peer and British Army general.	John Murray, 2nd Earl of Dunmore	British Army
military branch	William Bruce Pitzer (April 13, 1917 - October 29, 1966) was an officer of the United States Navy whose death is speculated to have had some connection with the assassination of John F. Kennedy.	William Bruce Pitzer	United States Navy
military branch	Frank Herman Schofield (January 4, 1869 -- February 20, 1942) was a decorated admiral in the United States Navy, where he served with distinction in the Spanish--	Frank Herman Schofield	United States Navy
military branch	The 4th Royal Irish Dragoon Guards was a cavalry regiment in the British Army, first raised in 1685.	4th Royal Irish Dragoon Guards	British Army
military branch	Colonel Katherine Amelia Towle (April 30, 1898 - March 1, 1986) was the second Director of the United States Marine Corps Women's Reserve (USMCWR) and the first Director of Women Marines.	Katherine Amelia Towle	United States Marine Corps
military branch	James Alms (15 July 1728 -- 8 June 1791) was an officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the War of the Austrian Succession, the Carnatic and Seven Years' War and the American War of Independence, rising to the rank of post-captain.	James Alms	Royal Navy
military branch	Admiral John Surman Carden (15 August 1771 -- 22 April 1858) was an officer of the British Royal Navy in the early nineteenth century.	John Surman Carden	Royal Navy
military branch	Major Dennis Fox MBE (1920-1993) was an officer of the British Army.	Dennis Fox	British Army
military branch	The Corps of Royal Engineers, usually just called the Royal Engineers (RE), and commonly known as the Sappers, is one of the corps of the British Army.	Royal Engineers	British Army
military branch	Harry Hammond Hess (May 24, 1906 -- August 25, 1969) was a geologist and United States Navy officer in World War II. Considered one of the ``founding fathers'' of the unifying theory of plate tectonics, Rear Admiral Harry Hammond Hess was born on May 24, 1906 in New York City.	Harry Hammond Hess	United States Navy
military branch	Sir Francis Geary, 1st Baronet (1709 -- 7 February 1796) was an officer of the Royal Navy.	Sir Francis Geary, 1st Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	Milo Smith Hascall (August 5, 1829 -- August 30, 1904) was an American soldier, banker, and real estate executive who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Milo Smith Hascall	Union Army
military branch	Skaraborg Brigade (Swedish: Skaraborgsbrigaden), designation PB 9 and MekB9, was a Swedish Army armoured brigade.	Skaraborg Brigade	Swedish Army
military branch	William George Thordsen (April 2, 1879 -- May 8, 1932) was an Coxswain in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the Philippine-American War.	William George Thordsen	United States Navy
military branch	No. 288 Squadron RAF was a Royal Air Force Squadron formed as an anti-aircraft co-operation unit in World War II.	No. 288 Squadron RAF	Royal Air Force
military branch	Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Michael Conolly Abel Smith GCVO CB JP (3 December 1899 -- 3 December 1985) was a Vice-Admiral in the British Royal Navy who served during the First and Second World Wars.	Conolly Abel Smith	Royal Navy
military branch	Klaus Uebe (1 May 1900 -- 3 February 1968) was a German Luftwaffe Generalmajor and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes) during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Klaus Uebe	Luftwaffe
military branch	General Henry Edward Fox (4 March 1755 -- 18 July 1811) was a British Army general.	Henry Edward Fox	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant Commander Zachary Lansdowne, USN (December 1, 1888 -- September 3, 1925) was a United States Navy officer and early Naval aviator who contributed to the development of the Navy's first lighter-than-air craft.	Zachary Lansdowne	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Thomas Pasley, 1st Baronet (2 March 1734 -- 29 November 1808) was a senior and highly experienced British Royal Navy officer of the eighteenth century, who served with distinction at numerous actions of the Seven Years' War, American Revolutionary War and French Revolutionary Wars.	Sir Thomas Pasley, 1st Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	John Adams Howell (16 March 1840 -- 1918) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy, who served during the Civil War and the Spanish--	John Adams Howell	United States Navy
military branch	The Chief of the Air Staff's Warrant Officer (CASWO) is the senior warrant officer of the Royal Air Force.	Chief of the Air Staff's Warrant Officer	Royal Air Force
military branch	Loudon's Highlanders, or the 64th Highlanders, or Earl of Loudon's Regiment of Foot, was an infantry regiment of the British Army.	Loudon's Highlanders	British Army
military branch	Robert J. Kelly (born March 4, 1938) is a retired United States Navy four star admiral who served as Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Fleet (CINCPACFLT) from 1991 to 1994.	Robert J. Kelly	United States Navy
military branch	The 30th Armoured Brigade (created on 27 December 1940) was a World War II British Army unit that served in the campaign in Western Europe as part of the 79th Armoured Division.	30th Armoured Brigade	British Army
military branch	Milan Ćopić (4 December 1897 -- 1941) was a Croatian communist who was in the International Brigades prison at Camp Lucász during the Spanish Civil War.	Milan Ćopić	International Brigades
military branch	Lieutenant General Sir Harry Edward de Robillard Wetherall KBE CB DSO MC (1889--1979) was an officer in the British Army during World War I and World War II.	Harry Edward de Robillard Wetherall	British Army
military branch	The Ayrshire (Earl of Carrick's Own) Yeomanry was a Regiment of the British Yeomanry and is now an armoured Squadron of the Scottish and North Irish Yeomanry (SNIY), part of the British Army Reserve.	Ayrshire (Earl of Carrick's Own) Yeomanry	British Army
military branch	The Household Cavalry (HCav) is made up of the two most senior regiments of the British Army, the Life Guards and the Blues and Royals (Royal Horse Guards and 1st Dragoons).	Household Cavalry	British Army
military branch	Rear Admiral Robert O. Wray, Jr., United States Navy, is a businessman, author and retired two-star admiral who recently served as the President of INSURV, the Navy's Board of Inspection and Survey.	Robert O. Wray	United States Navy
military branch	Corporal Katrina Hodge (born 29 March 1987) is a serving member of the British Army from Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent in south-east England who was Miss England 2009.	Katrina Hodge	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Brereton (1782--1832) was an officer of the British Army.	Thomas Brereton	British Army
military branch	Robert Faulknor the younger (1763--1795) was an 18th-century Royal Navy officer, part of the Faulknor naval dynasty.	Robert Faulknor the younger	Royal Navy
military branch	Jacob Gartner Lauman (January 20, 1813 -- February 9, 1867) was a prominent American businessman from Iowa and a controversial general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Jacob Gartner Lauman	Union Army
military branch	The 1st Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment was an infantry battalion of the British Army, created in 1881 from the 65th Regiment of Foot.	1st Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment	British Army
military branch	Stanisław Grodzicki (1912 in Ostrołęka -- 1946 near Orpington) was a Polish fighter pilot and a Major of the Polish Air Force during World War II. He fought during The Blitz in 1941 as a night fighter pilot with No. 307 Polish Fighter Squadron, flying the Boulton Paul Defiant.	Stanisław Grodzicki	Polish Air Force
military branch	Rudolf Anderson, Jr. (September 15, 1927 -- October 27, 1962), was a pilot and commissioned officer in the United States Air Force and the first recipient of the Air Force Cross, the U.S. Air Force's second-highest award for heroism.	Rudolf Anderson	United States Air Force
military branch	Captain Peter Gerald Charles Dickens DSO, MBE, DSC, RN (6 April 1917 -- 25 May 1987) was a Royal Navy officer during World War II and a great-grandson of novelist Charles Dickens.	Peter Gerald Charles Dickens	Royal Navy
military branch	The Fifth Air Force (5 AF) is a numbered air force of the United States Air Force Pacific Air Forces (PACAF).	Fifth Air Force	United States Air Force
military branch	The Queen's Own Dorset Yeomanry was a yeomanry regiment of the British Army founded in 1794 as the Dorsetshire Regiment of Volunteer Yeomanry Cavalry in response to the growing threat of invasion during the Napoleonic wars.	Queen's Own Dorset Yeomanry	British Army
military branch	Major General Clifford Coffin VC, CB, DSO & Bar (10 February 1870 -- 4 February 1959) was an officer in the British Army and was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Clifford Coffin	British Army
military branch	Captain Geoffrey John Kirkby CBE, DSC & Two Bars (26 August 1918 -- 24 October 1998) was an officer in the Royal Navy during the Second World War, serving mainly at sea in small ships.	Geoffrey John Kirkby	Royal Navy
military branch	George Mahoney (born January 15, 1865) was a fireman first class serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	George Mahoney	United States Navy
military branch	The 15th The King's Hussars was a cavalry regiment in the British Army.	15th The King's Hussars	British Army
military branch	Robert T. Marsh (born January 3, 1925) is a retired United States Air Force four-star general who served as Commander, Air Force Systems Command (COMAFSC) from 1981 to 1984.	Robert T. Marsh	United States Air Force
narrative location	Barney Miller is an American sitcom set in a New York City Police Department police station in Greenwich Village.	Barney Miller	New York City
narrative location	The World's Best Prom is a 2006 documentary film about a high school prom in Racine, Wisconsin, a city that for the past 50 years has been annually gripped by prom mania.	The World's Best Prom	Wisconsin
narrative location	Bad Machinery is a webcomic set in the fictional West Yorkshire town of Tackleford, England, written and drawn by John Allison.	Bad Machinery	West Yorkshire
narrative location	Outnumbered is centered on the Brockmans, a middle-class family living in West London, whose two parents are ``outnumbered'' by their three somewhat unruly children.	Outnumbered	London
narrative location	Spender is a BBC television drama set in Newcastle upon Tyne, written by Ian La Frenais and Jimmy Nail, who also starred.	Spender	Newcastle upon Tyne
narrative location	Sweet 'n Short is a 1991 Leon Schuster movie made in South Africa.	Sweet 'n Short	South Africa
narrative location	The Romancing Star III is a 1989 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Sherman Wong and starring Stanley Fung, Wong Jing, Lawrence Cheng, James Wong, Shing Fui-On, Sam Christopher Chan and guest stars Andy Lau, the star of The Romancing Star II	The Romancing Star III	Hong Kong
narrative location	In 1966, following the success of his TV series Gilligan's Island, Sherwood Schwartz conceived the idea for The Brady Bunch after reading in The Los Angeles Times that ``30% of marriages (in the United States) have a child or children from a previous marriage.''	The Brady Bunch	Los Angeles
narrative location	The Actors is a contemporary comedy set in Dublin.	The Actors	Dublin
narrative location	The Mystery of Mr. X is a 1934 American Pre-Code crime film starring Robert Montgomery as a jewel thief who gets mixed up in a series of murders in 19th century London.	The Mystery of Mr. X	London
narrative location	A Run for Your Money is a 1949 Ealing Studios comedy film starring Donald Houston and Meredith Edwards as two Welshmen visiting London for the first time.	A Run for Your Money	London
narrative location	The Eye in the Door is set in London, beginning in mid-April, 1918, and continues the interwoven stories of Dr William Rivers, Billy Prior, and Siegfried Sassoon begun in Regeneration.	The Eye in the Door	London
narrative location	The Nine Network broadcast So Fresh TV from 2002 to 2006, which was filmed in the Sydney CBD.	So Fresh	Sydney
narrative location	Helicopter Heroes is a British daytime television series, following the lifesaving work of the Yorkshire Air Ambulance.	Helicopter Heroes	Yorkshire
narrative location	It is set in the Driftless area of southwestern Wisconsin.	Driftless	Wisconsin
narrative location	Created by Clive Exton, The Crezz was set in a fictitious West London crescent, Carlisle Crescent.	The Crezz	London
narrative location	Danger Has Two Faces is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by Alex Cheung and starring Bryan Leung, Paul Chu and Fei Xiang.	Danger Has Two Faces	Hong Kong
narrative location	Castle Dor is a 1961 historical novel by Daphne du Maurier (with Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch), set in 19th century Cornwall.	Castle Dor	Cornwall
narrative location	Larry Hand's exposure to a wider audience spawned the character Col Dunkley in the successful Australian TV series Grass Roots, and Rats in the Ranks is regarded as a classic in its portrayal of local politics in Australia.	Rats in the Ranks	Australia
narrative location	Cleopatra's Daughter (Italian: Il sepolcro dei re) is a 1960 historical drama film set in Egypt during the reign of the pharaoh Khufu (r. 2589-2566 BC).	Cleopatra's Daughter	Egypt
narrative location	Out of Oz brings a conclusion to the narratives spread across The Wicked Years while providing a revisionist look at L. Frank Baum's Land of Oz incorporating elements from Baum's series as well as the 1939 film adaptation of the original novel.	Out of Oz	Land of Oz
narrative location	Hey, Jeannie! is an American situation comedy starring Jeannie Carson as a young Scottish woman living in New York City.	Hey, Jeannie!	New York City
narrative location	The series follows the drama when the new meets the old in the little coastal town of Hyperion Bay, California.	Hyperion Bay	California
narrative location	Living Other Lives is a novel by the American writer Caroline Leavitt set in 1990s New York City and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Living Other Lives	New York City	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Trailer Park Boys is a Canadian mockumentary television series created and directed by Mike Clattenburg that focuses on the misadventures of a group of trailer park residents, some of whom are ex-convicts, living in the fictional Sunnyvale Trailer Park in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.	Trailer Park Boys	Nova Scotia
native language	Marc-Philippe Daubresse (born August 1, 1953 in Lille, Nord) was the French Minister for Youth and Active Solidarities.	Marc-Philippe Daubresse	French
native language	Nicolas Vanier (born 5 May 1962) is a French adventurist, writer and director.	Nicolas Vanier	French
native language	André-Antoine Ravrio (1759, Paris -- 4 October 1814, Paris) was a French sculptor in bronze.	André-Antoine Ravrio	French
native language	Jean-Luc Moudenc (born July 19, 1960) is a French politician who has been the mayor of Toulouse since 2014, having previously held the job from 2004 to 2008.	Jean-Luc Moudenc	French
native language	Bernhard Bardenheuer (July 12, 1839, Lamersdorf -- August 13, 1913) was a German surgeon.	Bernhard Bardenheuer	German
native language	Jean-Loup Philippe (born 24 March 1936) is a French actor, writer and director of film and theatre He is best known for his role in Jean Rollin's 1974 horror classic Lèvres de sang.	Jean-Loup Philippe	French
native language	Ingo Wellenreuther is a German politician and the current chairman of Karlsruher SC.	Ingo Wellenreuther	German
native language	Uwe Hüser (born 21 August 1958) was elected to the Bundestag from Rhineland-Palatinate for the German Green Party in 1987.	Uwe Hüser	German
native language	Elisabeth Schwarzhaupt (7 January 1901, Frankfurt am Main -- 30 October 1986) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union.	Elisabeth Schwarzhaupt	German
native language	Julien Offray de La Mettrie (November 23, 1709 -- November 11, 1751) was a French physician and philosopher, and one of the earliest of the French materialists of the Enlightenment.	Julien Offray de La Mettrie	French
occupation	Michel Clair (born June 16, 1950) is an administrator and former politician in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Michel Clair	politician
occupation	````''Xavier Lust'''''' is a furniture designer and sculptor based in Brussels.	Xavier Lust	designer
occupation	Joseph Conrad Chamberlin (December 23, 1898 -- July 17, 1962) was an American arachnologist who studied mainly pseudoscorpions.	Joseph Conrad Chamberlin	arachnologist
occupation	Mark Leno (born September 24, 1951) is an American politician, representing California's 11th State Senate district, which includes San Francisco and part of San Mateo County.	Mark Leno	politician
occupation	Gwynne Pugh is an American architect, born in Wales, who until 2010 was a partner of Pugh + Scarpa.	Gwynne Pugh	architect
occupation	Ginger Rogers (born Virginia Katherine McMath; July 16, 1911 -- April 25, 1995) was an American actress, dancer, and singer.	Ginger Rogers	dancer
occupation	Alexei Puninski (born January 11, 1985 in Yekaterinburg, Russian SFSR) is a Russian-born Croatian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events.	Alexei Puninski	swimmer
occupation	Luke Egan (born 24 January 1970) is an Australian professional surfer who competed on the Association of Surfing Professionals Men's World Tour.	Luke Egan	surfer
occupation	Elaine Sciolino is a writer and former Paris bureau chief for The New York Times, writing from France since 2002.	Elaine Sciolino	writer
occupation	Giuseppe Lauricella (1867--1913) was an Italian mathematician who is remembered today for his contributions to analysis and the theory of elasticity.	Giuseppe Lauricella	mathematician
original network	Hands of Murder (also known as Hands of Mystery and Hands of Destiny) was an American mystery/anthology series that aired on the DuMont Television Network.	Hands of Murder	DuMont Television Network
original network	Good Sports is an American sitcom that aired on the CBS network in 1991, starring Farrah Fawcett and Ryan O'Neal.	Good Sports	CBS
original network	Music Hop is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television from 1963 to 1967.	Music Hop	CBC Television
original network	My Five Wives is an American reality television series broadcast on TLC that began airing in 2013.	My Five Wives	TLC
original network	Intentional Talk is an hour long (during the regular season) and a 30-minute long (during the offseason) talk show shown live Monday-Friday at 5:00 ET on MLB Network.	Intentional Talk	MLB Network
original network	Private Screenings is a television documentary and reality series airing on Turner Classic Movies since 1995, and one of three original programs currently aired by the network, the others being The Essentials and 31 Days of Oscar.	Private Screenings	Turner Classic Movies
original network	How to Be a Gentleman is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 29, 2011, to June 23, 2012.	How to Be a Gentleman	CBS
original network	Addicted to Beauty is an American reality television show on the Oxygen US television channel about a Plastic surgery and Day spa located in San Diego, California.	Addicted to Beauty	Oxygen
original network	Graham Norton's Bigger Picture (previously named The Bigger Picture with Graham Norton) is a British comedy panel chat show launched on BBC One in 2005, in which presenter Graham Norton informally and satirically discusses the week's news with a panel of invited celebrity guests.	Graham Norton's Bigger Picture	BBC One
original network	The X Creatures is a British documentary television series that was produced by the BBC in 1998, which was broadcast in 1999 on BBC 1.	The X Creatures	BBC
original network	Laurel Avenue is an American three-hour television miniseries which aired on HBO on July 10 and 11, 1993.	Laurel Avenue	HBO
original network	Minor Adjustments is an American television sitcom that aired NBC from September 16, 1995 until November 26, 1995, and on UPN from January 23, 1996 until June 4, 1996.	Minor Adjustments	NBC
original network	Weinerville is an American television program on Nickelodeon that was produced in 1993-1994.	Weinerville	Nickelodeon
original network	Ultimate Match Fishing is a sport fishing television series airing on the Outdoor Channel since 2005.	Ultimate Match Fishing	Outdoor Channel
original network	The Virtual Revolution is a British television documentary series presented by Aleks Krotoski, which began airing on BBC Two on 30 January 2010.	The Virtual Revolution	BBC Two
original network	Rick's List was a news and commentary program on CNN hosted by Rick Sanchez.	Rick's List	CNN
original network	Surviving Suburbia is an American sitcom starring Bob Saget and Cynthia Stevenson that aired on American Broadcasting Company (ABC) from April 6 to August 7, 2009.	Surviving Suburbia	American Broadcasting Company
original network	Me muero por ti, was an American telenovela produced by Rubicon Entertainment for Telemundo in 1999.	Me muero por ti	Telemundo
original network	Saturday Date with Billy O'Connor is a Canadian variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1958 to 1959.	Saturday Date with Billy O'Connor	CBC Television
original network	Strange Paradise is a Canadian occult-supernatural soap opera of 195 episodes, initially launched in syndication in the United States on September 8, 1969, and later broadcast on CBC Television from October 20, 1969, to July 22, 1970.	Strange Paradise	CBC Television
original network	Bomb Patrol Afghanistan is an American documentary television series that premiered in the United States on G4 in October 2011.	Bomb Patrol Afghanistan	G4
original network	Os Caras de Pau (in English, The Barefaceds) is a Brazilian comedy program aired by Rede Globo on Sunday.	Os Caras de Pau	Rede Globo
original network	I've Got a Secret is a panel game show produced by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman for CBS television.	I've Got a Secret	CBS
original network	The first series of the Reggie Perrin revival was broadcast on BBC One, as well as in high definition on BBC HD.	Reggie Perrin	BBC One
original network	Bulls & Bears is an American business analysis program, the first show of The Cost of Freedom business block, on Saturdays at 10:00 am ET on the Fox News Channel.	Bulls & Bears	Fox News Channel
original network	Smith and Goody was a children's sketch show on ITV shown for one series in 1980.	Smith and Goody	ITV
original network	The Jack and Triumph Show is a television sitcom from Universal Television for Adult Swim that premiered on February 20, 2015 and ended on April 3, 2015 with a total of 7 episodes.	The Jack and Triumph Show	Adult Swim
original network	Comin' Up Country is a Canadian country music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1977.	Comin' Up Country	CBC Television
original network	Challenge Anneka is a British television programme, produced by the independent production company Mentorn for the BBC, which aired on Friday, later Saturday evenings on BBC One between 8 September 1989 and 15 October 1995.	Challenge Anneka	BBC One
original network	El hogar que yo robé (English title: I Stole home) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Valentín Pimstein for Canal de las Estrellas in 1981.	El hogar que yo robé	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Inside 9/11 is a three-part television documentary film produced by Towers Productions that premiered on August 21 and August 22, 2005, on the National Geographic Channel.	Inside 9/11	National Geographic Channel
original network	Produced by Seattle-based KIRO-TV, and utilizing much of the same cast and crew as the similarly popular The J.P. Patches Show, Nightmare Theatre reached an audience that stretched as far north as Alaska, as far east as Idaho, and south into Oregon.	Nightmare Theatre	KIRO-TV
original network	Nanny 911 is a reality television show in the United States, which originally aired on FOX (and airs in the UK on ITV2, whose sister company, Granada America, produces the show).	Nanny 911	ITV2
original network	7 Lives Exposed (also known as 7 Lives Xposed) is an American reality television-themed series produced by Playboy TV.	7 Lives Exposed	Playboy TV
original network	ToonHeads was originally broadcast on Cartoon Network from October 2, 1992 to November 23, 2003.	ToonHeads	Cartoon Network
original network	Cannonball Run 2001 was a reality television series broadcast on the USA Network in 2001.	Cannonball Run 2001	USA Network
original network	Skeleton Warriors is a 13-episode cartoon series created by Landmark Entertainment Group, which originally aired in 1994--1995 on CBS.	Skeleton Warriors	CBS
original network	Ros na Rún is a long-running Irish soap opera produced for the Irish language television channel, TG4.	Ros na Rún	TG4
original network	Tanisha Gets Married is an American reality documentary television series that premiered on May 7, 2012 on Oxygen.	Tanisha Gets Married	Oxygen
original network	Fox NFL Kickoff is an American sports television program that originally debuted on Fox Sports 1 on September 8, 2013, and moved to Fox Broadcasting Company on September 13, 2015, and serves as the secondary pre-game show for the network's National Football League game telecasts under the NFL on Fox brand.	Fox NFL Kickoff	Fox Sports 1
original network	You Don't Know You're Born is a British television documentary series that aired on ITV in 2007.	You Don't Know You're Born	ITV
original network	DiResta is an American comedy television series which premiered on UPN on October 5, 1998, on its Monday schedule.	DiResta	UPN
original network	Grandpa in My Pocket is a comedy drama series commissioned by Michael Carrington for CBeebies, the BBC's dedicated pre-school and nursery channel targeting children aged 1--6 years.	Grandpa in My Pocket	CBeebies
original network	Cesar Millan's Leader of the Pack is an American documentary television series on the Nat Geo Wild.	Cesar Millan's Leader of the Pack	Nat Geo Wild
original network	The WGN Morning News is an American morning television news program airing on WGN-TV (channel 9), a CW-affiliated television station and national superstation in Chicago, Illinois that serves as the flagship station of the Tribune Broadcasting division of the Tribune Company.	WGN Morning News	WGN-TV
original network	Morton & Hayes was a comedy television series, shown Wednesday nights at 8:30 on CBS.	Morton & Hayes	CBS
original network	Tanked is a reality TV series airing on Animal Planet.	Tanked	Animal Planet
original network	Two series of History Cold Case aired on BBC Two in 2010 and 2011.	History Cold Case	BBC Two
original network	Chaldi Da Naam Gaddi is a comedy-drama series that premiered on 16 November 2007 on Zee TV.	Chaldi Da Naam Gaddi	Zee TV
original network	Wonder Mom is an informative show which airs every Saturday morning on ABS-CBN.	Wonder Mom	ABS-CBN
original network	Adam and Joe Go Tokyo was a series of eight episodes created for BBC Three (also airing in full on BBC One at a later timeslot as promotion for the new channel).	Adam and Joe Go Tokyo	BBC Three
original network	1 For 3 was a Filipino weekly situational comedy show sitcom produced by GMA Network and M-ZET Productions Inc. It was directed by Bert De Leon.	1 For 3	GMA Network
original network	A Very Brady Christmas was directed by Peter Baldwin and premiered on CBS on December 18, 1988.	A Very Brady Christmas	CBS
original network	Business Tonight is a business news talk show on CNBC until c. October 1997.	Business Tonight	CNBC
original network	Fox Business Happy Hour was an American financial program aired on the Fox Business Network weekdays from 5-6pm Eastern Time and was hosted by Rebecca Diamond, Cody Willard and Eric Bolling.	Fox Business Happy Hour	Fox Business Network
original network	VIP Noche was a popular 1990s game show in the Spanish Telecinco network, originally presented by the Spanish TV producer Emilio Aragón Álvarez.	VIP Noche	Telecinco
original network	The Culture Show is a weekly BBC Two Arts magazine programme.	The Culture Show	BBC Two
original network	Showbiz Tonight is an American entertainment news program that aired from February 20, 2005, until February 6, 2014, on HLN.	Showbiz Tonight	HLN
original network	Taking the Flak is a comedy drama which aired on BBC Two in summer 2009.	Taking the Flak	BBC Two
original network	Mann & Machine is an American science fiction/police drama series that aired for nine episodes on NBC from April 5, 1992 to July 14, 1992.	Mann & Machine	NBC
original network	The Playboy Radio Show is a Playboy TV reality series that follows the weekly antics of the various shows on SIRIUS Satellite Radio's Playboy Radio channel.	The Playboy Radio Show	Playboy TV
original network	Amazing Eats is an American food reality television series that premiered on January 11, 2012 on the Travel Channel.	Amazing Eats	Travel Channel
original network	Keeping Up with the Kardashians (abbreviated KUWTK) is an American reality television series that airs on the E! cable network and focuses on the personal and professional lives of the Kardashian--	Keeping Up with the Kardashians	E
original network	The PBA on BBC was a presentation of Philippine Basketball Association games on Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation.	PBA on BBC	Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation
original network	Aquele Beijo (English: That Kiss) is a Brazilian telenovela produced by Rede Globo and exhibited in the schedule of 19 hours.	Aquele Beijo	Rede Globo
original network	International Playhouse is the name of an American television series that was broadcast on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network during 1951.	International Playhouse	DuMont Television Network
original network	Trippin is a Malaysian infotainment programme produced by 8TV, which sees local celebrities or (beginning season two) ordinary citizens being taken to various tourist attractions in the country, and involved in recreational activities, ranging from appreciation of arts and culture to extreme sports.	Trippin	8TV
original network	Catwalk Dogs is a British television film written by Simon Nye and produced by Shed Productions for ITV.	Catwalk Dogs	ITV
original network	The Burn with Jeff Ross is a comedy panel show hosted by comedian Jeff Ross that aired on Comedy Central.	The Burn with Jeff Ross	Comedy Central
original network	19 Kids and Counting (formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting), rendered graphically as 19 kids & Counting in its onscreen logo, is an American reality television show that aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years, until its cancellation in 2015.	19 Kids and Counting	TLC
original network	16 Wishes is a 2010 Canadian-American television film starring Debby Ryan and Jean-Luc Bilodeau, which premiered on June 25, 2010 on Disney Channel and July 16, 2010 on the Family Channel.	16 Wishes	Disney Channel
original network	You Wrote It, You Watch It is an MTV sketch comedy series starring members of The State comedy troupe before they were given their own show by the network.	You Wrote It, You Watch It	MTV
original network	Wild Brazil is a British nature documentary series, first broadcast on BBC Two and BBC Two HD in January 2014.	Wild Brazil	BBC Two
original network	Hanggang Kailan (English: Circle of Hearts) is a Filipino drama series produced by GMA Network.	Hanggang Kailan	GMA Network
original network	Zach Stone Is Gonna Be Famous is an American television comedy series created by comedian Bo Burnham and Dan Lagana that aired on MTV from May 2 to June 29, 2013.	Zach Stone Is Gonna Be Famous	MTV
original network	Fat Guy Stuck in Internet is an American live-action science fiction comedy television series on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim.	Fat Guy Stuck in Internet	Adult Swim
original network	Five Years in the Life is a Canadian reality television series which aired on CBC Television from 1968 to 1972.	Five Years in the Life	CBC Television
original network	The Wild Thornberrys is an American animated television series that aired on Nickelodeon.	The Wild Thornberrys	Nickelodeon
original network	Kourtney and Kim Take New York is an American reality television series that premiered January 23, 2011, on E! and ran for two seasons.	Kourtney and Kim Take New York	E
original network	Hello, Larry is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from January 26, 1979, to April 30, 1980.	Hello, Larry	NBC
original network	Familie is produced by Studio-A and runs on vtm.	Familie	vtm
original network	Unchained Reaction is a science and engineering reality game show that airs on the Discovery Channel.	Unchained Reaction	Discovery Channel
original network	Winners & Losers is an Australian television drama series first broadcast on the Seven Network on 22 March 2011.	Winners & Losers	Seven Network
original network	You Have Been Watching is a British comedy panel game presented by Charlie Brooker, produced by Zeppotron for Channel 4 and filmed at BBC Television Centre (pilot and series 2) and Riverside Studios (series 1) in London.	You Have Been Watching	Channel 4
original network	Skithouse (styled skitHOUSE) was an Australian sketch comedy television series that ran on Network Ten from 9 February 2003 to 28 July 2004.	Skithouse	Network Ten
original network	Lulu's Islands (French: Les Mistigris, originally Lulu la Peste) is an animated series for children that premiered on 5 October 2009, on the TFOU block of France's TF1 network.	Lulu's Islands	TF1
original network	Dark of Night is an American dramatic anthology series that aired on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network which aired Fridays at 8:30pm EST from October 3, 1952 to May 1, 1953.	Dark of Night	DuMont Television Network
original network	Girls Behaving Badly is an American reality comedy television show on the Oxygen cable channel, and is also syndicated to television stations across the United States and Canada by Sony Pictures Television.	Girls Behaving Badly	Oxygen
original network	Monday Mornings is an American medical drama television series that ran on TNT from February 4 to April 8, 2013 and aired Mondays after Dallas.	Monday Mornings	TNT
original network	The Planners is a British television documentary series broadcast on BBC Two.	The Planners	BBC Two
original network	Chelmsford 123 is a British television situation comedy produced for Channel 4 by Hat Trick Productions.	Chelmsford 123	Channel 4
original network	Special Ops Mission is an American reality television series that premiered on August 13, 2009 on the Military Channel (now American Heroes Channel).	Special Ops Mission	American Heroes Channel
original network	Rude Tube is a British television programme broadcast on Channel 4 and its sister channel E4.	Rude Tube	Channel 4
original network	Football This Week was a TV sports program broadcast on the DuMont Television Network.	Football This Week	DuMont Television Network
parent taxon	Stachys is in the subfamily Lamioideae.	Stachys	Lamioideae
parent taxon	Oncocnemidinae is a subfamily of moths which belong to the large moth family (Noctuidae).	Oncocnemidinae	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Lepidochrysops is a genus of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.	Lepidochrysops	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Hyalimax is a genus of small, air-breathing, land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Succineidae, the amber snails.	Hyalimax	Succineidae
parent taxon	Haplorhini (the haplorhines or the ``dry-nosed'' primates, the Greek name means ``simple-nosed'') is a clade containing the tarsiers and the simians (or anthropoids).	Haplorhini	primates
parent taxon	Acaenitinae is a subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.	Acaenitinae	Ichneumonidae
parent taxon	Gundolficeras is member of the Tornoceratidae, (goniatitid ammonites), from the Late Devonian named by Becker, 1995 and assigned to the Falcitornoceratinae.	Gundolficeras	Falcitornoceratinae
parent taxon	The Kretschmarr Cave mold beetle (Texamaurops reddelli) is a small mold beetle that is in the kingdom Animalia, the phylum Arthropoda, the class Insecta, the order Coleopetera (beetles), the suborder Polyphaga, the family Pselaphide (mold beetle).	Kretschmarr Cave mold beetle	Texamaurops
parent taxon	Spathanthus is a group of plants in the family Rapateaceae described as a genus in 1828.	Spathanthus	Rapateaceae
parent taxon	Bison occidentalis is an extinct species of bison that lived in North America from about 11,000 to 5,000 years ago, spanning the end of the Pleistocene to the mid-Holocene.	Bison occidentalis	bison
parent taxon	The Bengal danio or Sind danio (Devario devario) is a subtropical fish belonging to the minnow family (Cyprinidae).	Bengal danio	Devario
parent taxon	Eucestoda is the larger of the two subclasses of flatworms in the class Cestoda (the other subclass is Cestodaria).	Eucestoda	Cestoda
parent taxon	Pycina is a genus of butterflies in the Nymphalidae family found from Mexico to South America.	Pycina	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	The Yungas tree frog, Hypsiboas balzani, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia and Peru.	Yungas tree frog	Hypsiboas
parent taxon	Pristiglomidae is a family of small saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the order Nuculoida.	Pristiglomidae	Nuculoida
parent taxon	Hershkovitz's titi (Callicebus dubius) is a species of titi, a type of New World monkey, from South America.	Hershkovitz's titi	Callicebus
parent taxon	Hoplocampa is a genus of Hymenopteran sawfly in the Tenthredinidae family.	Hoplocampa	Tenthredinidae
parent taxon	The Seoul frog or Seoul pond frog (Pelophylax chosenicus) is a species of true frog found on the southern and western Korean Peninsula, and possibly across the border to China in Liaoning.	Seoul frog	Pelophylax
parent taxon	Anthostema is a flowering plant genus in the Family Euphorbiaceae (Spurge family) first described as a genus in 1824.	Anthostema	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Asthenoceras belongs to the Hildoceratidae (subfamily Grammoceratinae) and may be a subgenus of the Lower Jurassic (Upper Toarcian) Grammoceras.	Asthenoceras	Hildoceratidae
parent taxon	Marantochloa is a genus of plant in family Marantaceae described as a genus in 1860.	Marantochloa	Marantaceae
parent taxon	The Parras pupfish (Cyprinodon latifasciatus) was a species of pupfish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Parras pupfish	Cyprinodon
parent taxon	Creighton's slender opossum (Marmosops creightoni), also known commonly as Voss' slender opossum is a species of South American opossum of the family Didelphidae.	Creighton's slender opossum	Marmosops
parent taxon	Turkeypox virus is a virus of the family Poxviridae and the genus Avipoxvirus that causes turkeypox.	Turkeypox virus	Avipoxvirus
parent taxon	Anniealexandria is the only known member of the family Bipedidae in the fossil record, which otherwise only includes the extant genus Bipes from Mexico.	Anniealexandria	Bipedidae
parent taxon	Claviella besucheti is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Claviella.	Claviella	Dermestidae
parent taxon	The Chironomoidea are a superfamily within the order Diptera, suborder Nematocera, infraorder Culicomorpha.	Chironomoidea	Culicomorpha
parent taxon	Storey's African mole-rat (Tachyoryctes storeyi) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae endemic to Kenya.	Storey's African mole-rat	Tachyoryctes
parent taxon	The Holosporaceae are a family of bacteria, formerly included in the order Rickettsiales, but now raised to their own order, the Holosporales.	Holosporaceae	Rickettsiales
parent taxon	The Odontotremataceae are a family of saprobic fungi in the order Ostropales.	Odontotremataceae	Ostropales
parent taxon	Shizocera is a genus of sawfly in the family Argidae.	Shizocera	Argidae
parent taxon	The Choco broad-nosed bat (Platyrrhinus chocoensis) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Choco broad-nosed bat	Platyrrhinus
parent taxon	Galeus is a genus of catshark, belonging to the family Scyliorhinidae, commonly known as sawtail catsharks in reference to a distinctive saw-toothed crest of enlarged dermal denticles, found along the upper edges of their caudal fins.	Galeus	Scyliorhinidae
parent taxon	Chaetosaurus emeishanicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Chaetosaurus.	Chaetosaurus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Gervais' beaked whale (Mesoplodon europaeus), sometimes known as the Antillian beaked whale, Gulf Stream beaked whale, or European beaked whale (from which its scientific name is derived) is the most frequently stranding type of mesoplodont whale off the coast of North America.	Gervais' beaked whale	mesoplodont whale
parent taxon	Skottsbergia is a monotypic genus of moss in the family Ditrichaceae containing the single species Skottsbergia paradoxa.	Skottsbergia	Ditrichaceae
parent taxon	The Udine shrew (Sorex arunchi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Udine shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	Chaetodiadema is a genus of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae.	Chaetodiadema	Diadematidae
parent taxon	Acutimitoceras is a genus belonging to the Acutimitoceratinae subfamily of the Prionoceratidae family, a member of the Goniatitida order.	Acutimitoceras	Prionoceratidae
parent taxon	Thabanchuia is an extinct genus of dvinosaurian temnospondyl within the family Tupilakosauridae.	Thabanchuia	Tupilakosauridae
parent taxon	Kaiser's spotted newt (Neurergus kaiseri), also known as the Luristan newt or emperor spotted Newt (not to be confused with Tylototriton shanjing), is a species of very colourful salamander in the Salamandridae family.	Kaiser's spotted newt	Neurergus
parent taxon	The Pacific black duck (Anas superciliosa) is a dabbling duck found in much of Indonesia, New Guinea, Australia, New Zealand, and many islands in the southwestern Pacific, reaching to the Caroline Islands in the north and French Polynesia in the east.	Pacific black duck	Anas
parent taxon	Günther's black snake, Bothrolycus ater, is a species of poorly known colubrid snake endemic to central Africa.	Günther's black snake	Bothrolycus
parent taxon	Cereatta is a harvestman genus in the family Assamiidae.	Cereatta	Assamiidae
parent taxon	Gugheorites is a genus of beetle in the family Carabidae.	Gugheorites	Carabidae
parent taxon	Paratessaropa brachyptera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Paratessaropa.	Paratessaropa	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Namaqua dove (Oena capensis) is a small pigeon.	Namaqua dove	Oena
parent taxon	Largen's clawed frog or the Sidamo clawed frog (Xenopus largeni) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.	Largen's clawed frog	Xenopus
parent taxon	Pomacanthus rhomboides (Old woman angelfish) is a large angelfish growing up to 45cm, found in the western Indian Ocean.	Old woman angelfish	Pomacanthus
parent taxon	Isopogon is a genus of 35 species of mainly low-growing and prostrate perennial shrubs in the family Proteaceae endemic to Australia.	Isopogon	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Aiolopus is a genus of grasshopper belonging to the family Acrididae, subfamily Oedipodinae.	Aiolopus	Acrididae
parent taxon	The Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans) is an Old World flying squirrel with a range from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific coast in the east.	Siberian flying squirrel	Old World flying squirrel
parent taxon	The Waitaha penguin (Megadyptes waitaha) is an extinct species of New Zealand penguin discovered in November 2008.	Waitaha penguin	Megadyptes
parent taxon	Unenlagiinae is a subfamily of Dromaeosauridae.	Unenlagiinae	Dromaeosauridae
parent taxon	Conoclypus - from the Greek words Konos (= cone) + clypus (= disc) - is a genus of sea urchins belonging to the family Conoclypeidae.	Conoclypus	Conoclypeidae
parent taxon	The Jeju salamander, also spelled Cheju salamander, Hynobius quelpaertensis, is a species of salamander found on various islands and peninsulas off the southwestern coast of the Korean Peninsula, including Jindo, Geojedo, Jejudo, and Namhae.	Jeju salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	Westralunio is a genus of freshwater mussels in the family Hyriidae.	Westralunio	Hyriidae
parent taxon	Gekkoninae is a diverse subfamily of the family Gekkonidae, geckos.	Gekkoninae	geckos
parent taxon	Closterium is a genus of unicellular charophyte green algae in the family Closteriaceae.	Closterium	Closteriaceae
parent taxon	Albatrellus is a genus of 19 species of mushroom-producing fungi in the family Albatrellaceae.	Albatrellus	Albatrellaceae
parent taxon	Gyldenstolpe's worm skink (Isopachys gyldenstolpei ) is a species of skink in the family Scincidae.	Gyldenstolpe's worm skink	Isopachys
parent taxon	Althenia is a genus of aquatic plants of the family Potamogetonaceae.	Althenia	Potamogetonaceae
parent taxon	Neanaperiallus is an extinct monotypic genus of parasitic wasp in the Eupelmidae subfamily Neanastatinae containing only a single species, Neanaperiallus masneri.	Neanaperiallus	Eupelmidae
parent taxon	The Brazilian tinamou (Crypturellus strigulosus) is a type of tinamou found in lowland moist forest in subtropical and tropical regions of Amazonian South America.	Brazilian tinamou	Crypturellus
parent taxon	The Malayan shrew (Crocidura malayana) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Malayan shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Caspian goby (Neogobius caspius) is a species of fish endemic to the Caspian Sea where it is only found in brackish waters.	Caspian goby	Neogobius
parent taxon	Thomas's rock rat (Aethomys thomasi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found only in Angola.	Thomas's rock rat	Aethomys
parent taxon	Iberoporus cermenius is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Iberoporus.	Iberoporus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Nemopoda is a genus of flies belonging to the family Sepsidae.	Nemopoda	Sepsidae
parent taxon	Flabellipecten is a genus of large scallops or saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.	Flabellipecten	Pectinidae
parent taxon	Miodytiscus hirtipes is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Miodytiscus.	Miodytiscus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Picrodendron is a genus of plant belonging to the family Picrodendraceae described as a genus in 1859.	Picrodendron	Picrodendraceae
parent taxon	Tetroncium is a genus of plants in the Juncaginaceae described as a genus in 1808.	Tetroncium	Juncaginaceae
parent taxon	The Tent-web spiders (genus Cyrtophora), although technically orb-web spiders (family Araneidae), do not build orb webs.	Cyrtophora	Araneidae
parent taxon	Anguispira is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Discidae, the disk snails.	Anguispira	Discidae
parent taxon	Bolle's pigeon (Columba bollii) is a species of the genus Columba of family Columbidae, doves and pigeons, endemic to the Canary Islands, Spain.	Bolle's pigeon	Columba
parent taxon	Parambassis is a genus of freshwater fish in the Asiatic glassfish family Ambassidae of order Perciformes.	Parambassis	Ambassidae
parent taxon	Trochotoma is a genus of large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurotomariidae, the slit snails.	Trochotoma	Pleurotomariidae
parent taxon	Periophthalmus novemradiatus, Pearse's mudskipper, is a species of mudskippers native to marine and brackish waters along the coasts of India.	Pearse's mudskipper	Periophthalmus
parent taxon	Zemacies is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae	Zemacies	Borsoniidae
parent taxon	The European rabbit or common rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus) is a species of rabbit native to southwestern Europe (Spain and Portugal) and northwest Africa (Morocco and Algeria).	European rabbit	Oryctolagus
parent taxon	Wahoo (Acanthocybium solandri) is a scombrid fish found worldwide in tropical and subtropical seas.	Wahoo	Acanthocybium
parent taxon	Laguncularia is a genus of plants in the family Combretaceae, with 10 species:	Laguncularia	Combretaceae
parent taxon	Truncocolumella is a genus of fungi in the family Suillaceae, of the order Boletales.	Truncocolumella	Suillaceae
parent taxon	Blancocamelus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae, endemic to North America during the Pliocene through Pleistocene 4.9 mya--300,000 years ago, existing for approximately 4.6 million years.	Blancocamelus	Camelidae
parent taxon	The Appalachian azure (Celastrina neglectamajor) is a butterfly in the gossamer wings family Lycaenidae.	Appalachian azure	Celastrina
parent taxon	Loxosporopsis is a genus of lichenized fungi in the Pertusariaceae family.	Loxosporopsis	Pertusariaceae
parent taxon	Octosquid is the name given to what appears to be a new species of the genus Mastigoteuthis which was discovered at a depth of 3,000 feet (910 m) off the Hawaiian Islands in the summer of 2007.	Octosquid	Mastigoteuthis
parent taxon	Anacardium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Anacardiaceae, native to tropical regions of the Americas.	Anacardium	Anacardiaceae
parent taxon	Meller's mongoose (Rhynchogale melleri) is a species of mongoose.	Meller's mongoose	Rhynchogale
parent taxon	The Mauritius night heron (Nycticorax mauritianus) is an extinct night heron species from Mauritius.	Mauritius night heron	Nycticorax
parent taxon	Uncites is an extinct genus of Brachiopods in the family Uncitidae.	Uncites	Uncitidae
parent taxon	The Nicaraguan slider (Trachemys emolli ) is a species of turtle found in Nicaragua and Costa Rica.	Nicaraguan slider	Trachemys
parent taxon	Myoida is an order of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the subclass Heterodonta.	Myoida	Heterodonta
parent taxon	Bletia is a genus of about 30 species of orchids (family Orchidaceae), almost all of which are terrestrial; some are occasionally lithophytic or epiphytic.	Bletia	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	The Russian bitterling (Acheilognathus asmussii), or spiny bitterling, is a temperate freshwater fish belonging to the Acheilognathinae sub-family of the Cyprinidae family.	Russian bitterling	Acheilognathus
parent taxon	Bedriaga's fringe-fingered lizard (Acanthodactylus bedriagai ) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Bedriaga's fringe-fingered lizard	Acanthodactylus
parent taxon	The Rodrigues solitaire (Pezophaps solitaria) is an extinct, flightless bird that was endemic to the island of Rodrigues, east of Madagascar in the Indian Ocean.	Rodrigues solitaire	Pezophaps
parent taxon	Karin Hills frog (Brachytarsophrys) is a genus of the Megophryidae family in the order Anura, and are found in southern China, Myanmar, northern Thailand and northern Vietnam.	Karin Hills frog	Megophryidae
parent taxon	Melanolestes is a Nearctic and Neotropical genus of assassin bugs (Reduviidae).	Melanolestes	Reduviidae
parent taxon	Capnophyllum africanum is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, the only member of the genus Capnophyllum.	Capnophyllum	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Watson's climbing rat (Tylomys watsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Watson's climbing rat	Tylomys
parent taxon	The Japanese giant salamander (Andrias japonicus) is endemic to Japan, where it is known as Ōsanshōuo (オオサンショウウオ/大山椒魚), literally meaning ``giant pepper fish''.	Japanese giant salamander	Andrias
parent taxon	Przewalski's gerbil, Brachiones przewalskii, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Przewalski's gerbil	Brachiones
parent taxon	Euglossa is a genus of orchid bees (Euglossini).	Euglossa	Euglossini
parent taxon	Diastylis is a genus of crustaceans which belong to the family Diastylidae.	Diastylis	Diastylidae
parent taxon	Lianema tenuicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Lianema.	Lianema	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Rilaena is a genus of the harvestman family Phalangiidae.	Rilaena	Phalangiidae
parent taxon	Lactifluus volemus, formerly known as Lactarius volemus, is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae.	Lactifluus volemus	Lactarius
parent taxon	The Karpathos frog (Pelophylax cerigensis) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Karpathos frog	Pelophylax
parent taxon	The Natranaerobiales are an order of bacteria placed within the class Clostridia.	Natranaerobiales	Clostridia
parent taxon	The Zimmer's tapaculo (Scytalopus zimmeri) is a species of passerine bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.	Zimmer's tapaculo	Scytalopus
parent taxon	The Jamaican becard (Pachyramphus niger) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae.	Jamaican becard	Pachyramphus
parent taxon	Cryptobias coccineus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cryptobias.	Cryptobias	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Thaumeledone is a genus of octopuses in the family Octopodidae found in deep waters in the Southern Hemisphere.	Thaumeledone	Octopodidae
parent taxon	The Tasmanian masked owl (Tyto novaehollandiae castanops) is a bird in the barn owl family Tytonidae that is endemic to the island state of Tasmania, Australia.	Tasmanian masked owl	Tyto
parent taxon	Anteon is the largest genus in the subfamily Anteoninae of the family Dryinidae.	Anteon	Dryinidae
parent taxon	The Santa Marta woodstar (Chaetocercus astreans) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Santa Marta woodstar	Chaetocercus
parent taxon	The Pacific gull (Larus pacificus) is a very large gull, native to the coasts of Australia.	Pacific gull	Larus
parent taxon	The Olaʻa banana hedyleptan moth (Omiodes euryprora) is a species of moth in the Crambidae family.	Olaʻa banana hedyleptan moth	Omiodes
parent taxon	The Palau ground dove (Gallicolumba canifrons) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Palau ground dove	Gallicolumba
parent taxon	Cytora is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Pupinidae.	Cytora	Pupinidae
parent taxon	Plagiaulacidae is a family of fossil mammals within the order Multituberculata.	Plagiaulacidae	Multituberculata
parent taxon	The Réunion pink pigeon (Nesoenas duboisi, but see below) is an extinct species of pigeon that formerly lived on the Mascarene island of Réunion.	Réunion pink pigeon	Nesoenas
parent taxon	Rickett's big-footed bat (Myotis pilosus) is a species of vesper bat.	Rickett's big-footed bat	Myotis
parent taxon	The Ceylon tree nymph or Ceylon tree-nymph (Idea iasonia) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Ceylon tree nymph	Idea
parent taxon	Orobus is an old genus of Fabaceae family, which is now divided in the following genera:	Orobus	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Hemipsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the infraorder Psocetae.	Hemipsocidae	Psocetae
parent taxon	Goethea is a genus of plants of the family Malvaceae, commonly placed instead in the genus Pavonia.	Goethea	Malvaceae
parent taxon	Sarcaulus is a genus of plants in family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1882.	Sarcaulus	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	The Tasmanian codling, Eeyorius hutchinsi, is a species of morid cod only known from the waters around Tasmania and the Australian states of Western Australia and Victoria.	Tasmanian codling	Eeyorius
parent taxon	Gunning's golden mole (Neamblysomus gunningi) is a small mammal endemic to South Africa.	Gunning's golden mole	Neamblysomus
parent taxon	Betula fruticosa (Chinese: 柴桦; pinyin: chai hua) is a species of dwarf birch that grows in central and eastern Europe (except for Finland where it grows rare) and Siberia and Mongolia on elevation of 600--1,100 metres (2,000--3,600 ft) in forests, streambanks, and swamps.	Betula fruticosa	birch
parent taxon	Miller's snail, scientific name Cochliopina milleri, is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae, the mud snails.	Miller's snail	Cochliopina
parent taxon	Horaga is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae which Eliot, 1973, places in the tribe Horagini of the Sub-Family Theclinae.	Horaga	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Brontolaemus is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae that is found only in the Hawaiian Islands.	Brontolaemus	Laemophloeidae
parent taxon	D'Anchieta's fruit bat (Plerotes anchietae) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	D'Anchieta's fruit bat	Plerotes
parent taxon	Tubuliporina is a bryozoan suborder in the order Cyclostomatida.	Tubuliporina	Cyclostomatida
parent taxon	Spondylidini is a tribe of beetles in the family Spondylidinae, containing the following genera and species:	Spondylidini	Spondylidinae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Pseudocodium is a genus of green algae, of the family Pseudocodiaceae.	Pseudocodium	Pseudocodiaceae
parent taxon	The Moroccan worm lizard (Blanus mettetali) is a species of reptile in the Blanidae family.	Moroccan worm lizard	Blanus
parent taxon	Montcellia is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl within the family Urocordylidae that lived in the late Carboniferous period in the modern France.	Montcellia	Urocordylidae
parent taxon	Mikhail A. Fedonkin places Ovatoscutum in the extinct bilaterian phylum Proarticulata.	Ovatoscutum	Proarticulata
parent taxon	Cannomois is a group of plants in the Restionaceae described as a genus in 1828.	Cannomois	Restionaceae
parent taxon	Ctenobrycon is a genus of fish of the family Characidae found in tropical South America, with five currently recognized species in this genus.	Ctenobrycon	Characidae
parent taxon	Goodmania is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae containing the single species Goodmania luteola.	Goodmania	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	Monotherium is an extinct genus of phocid belonging to the subfamily Monachinae.	Monotherium	Monachinae
parent taxon	The Indian eyed turtle (Morenia petersi) is a species of turtle found in northeastern India (as far west as Bihar) and Bangladesh.	Indian eyed turtle	Morenia
parent taxon	Daphniidae is a family of water fleas in the sub-order Anomopoda.	Daphniidae	Anomopoda
parent taxon	The Smooth alligatorfish (Anoplagonus inermis, also known as the Smooth poacher or the Smooth sea-poacher) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers).	Smooth alligatorfish	Anoplagonus
parent taxon	Scaloposauria and Silpholestidae are no longer regarded as valid groups, and Ictidodraco is now classified as a basal member of the clade Baurioidea.	Ictidodraco	Baurioidea
parent taxon	Austrotrochaclis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ataphridae, the false top snails.	Austrotrochaclis	Ataphridae
parent taxon	Dombeyoideae are a subfamily of the Malvaceae in the wide circumscription, as proposed by the APG.	Dombeyoideae	Malvaceae
parent taxon	Ziegler's water rat (Hydromys ziegleri) discovered in the mid-2000s by science, is a species of rodent native to the mountains Papua New Guinea of which little is known.	Ziegler's water rat	Hydromys
parent taxon	The Mediterranean sand smelt, Atherina hepsetus, is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family.	Mediterranean sand smelt	Atherina
parent taxon	The Java loach (Pangio oblonga) is a species of tropical freshwater fish, an unbanded kuhli loach, native to the sandy streams of Southeast Asia.	Java loach	Pangio
parent taxon	Tongeia is a Palearctic genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae found in temperate East Asia genus.Most species are endemic to China and many taxa (species) are recently described from China.The best known species is the more widely distributed Tongeia fischeri (Eversmann, 1843).	Tongeia	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	The Andaman crake (Rallina canningi) is a bird species in the family Rallidae.	Andaman crake	Rallina
parent taxon	Protomallocera hilairei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Protomallocera.	Protomallocera	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Sulawesi cuckoo (Cuculus crassirostris) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Sulawesi cuckoo	Cuculus
parent taxon	Philornis is a genus of around 50 species of fly (Diptera, Muscidae) from Central and South America.	Philornis	Muscidae
parent taxon	The Aphrodite fritillary (Speyeria aphrodite) is a fritillary butterfly, from North America.	Aphrodite fritillary	Speyeria
parent taxon	Pythonichthys is a genus of eels of the family Heterenchelyidae that occur in tropical waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean off of Panama and in the Atlantic Ocean near the Caribbean Sea and the west coast of Africa.	Pythonichthys	Heterenchelyidae
parent taxon	The Sierra Madre sparrow (Xenospiza baileyi), also known as Bailey's sparrow, is an endangered, range-restricted, enigmatic American sparrow.	Sierra Madre sparrow	Xenospiza
parent taxon	Philippen's striped turtle, ``Ocadia'' philippeni, has recently shown to be an intergeneric hybrid (Stuart & Parham, 2006) between a male Mauremys sinensis and a female Cuora trifasciata.	Philippen's striped turtle	Ocadia
parent taxon	The Panamanian night monkey or Chocoan night monkey (Aotus zonalis) is a species of night monkey formerly considered a subspecies of the gray-bellied night monkey of the family Aotidae.	Panamanian night monkey	Aotus
parent taxon	The Nile monitor (Varanus niloticus) is a large member of the monitor lizard family (Varanidae) found throughout much of Africa but absent from the west where it is replaced by Varanus stellatus.	Nile monitor	monitor lizard
parent taxon	Rhopalostyla virgata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Rhopalostyla.	Rhopalostyla	Carabidae
parent taxon	Otoceratina is an extinct suborder of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite subclass in the order Ceratitida.	Otoceratina	Ceratitida
parent taxon	Semotilus is the genus of creek chubs, ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Semotilus	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	Windowpane flounder (Scophthalmus aquosus) is a fish species in the family Scophthalmidae.	Windowpane flounder	Scophthalmus
parent taxon	Winkelmann's mouse (Peromyscus winkelmanni) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae found only in Mexico, and is named for John R. Winkelmann, who collected the first specimens.	Winkelmann's mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	Aeolodermus emarginatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Aeolodermus.	Aeolodermus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Ryukyu kingfisher (Todiramphus miyakoensis) is an enigmatic taxon of tree kingfisher.	Ryukyu kingfisher	Todiramphus
parent taxon	Atelecyclidae is a family of crabs belonging to the Cancroidea superfamily, and currently contains eight genera of which two are extinct.	Atelecyclidae	Cancroidea
parent taxon	Triuridales was an order of flower plants that was used in the well-known Cronquist system, in the subclass Alismatidae, with this circumscription: order Triuridales family Petrosaviaceae family Triuridaceae The APG II system leaves the first of these two families unassigned in the clade monocots while the second is moved to order Pandanales.	Triuridales	Alismatidae
parent taxon	Micropolycesta sirgueyi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Micropolycesta.	Micropolycesta	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Diastylidae is one of the eight most commonly recognised families of crustaceans of the order Cumacea.	Diastylidae	Cumacea
parent taxon	The bellowfishes or bellowsfishes are fishes in the genus Notopogon in the family Centriscidae.	Notopogon	Centriscidae
parent taxon	Geocrinia is a genus of frogs in the family Myobatrachidae.	Geocrinia	Myobatrachidae
parent taxon	However, Spathicephalus shares several anatomical features with a family of stem tetrapods called Baphetidae, leading most paleontologists who have studied the genus to place it within a larger group called Baphetoidea, often as part of its own monotypic family Spathicephalidae.	Spathicephalus	Spathicephalidae
parent taxon	The Bougainville monarch (Monarcha erythrostictus) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Bougainville monarch	Monarcha
parent taxon	Bolam's mouse (Pseudomys bolami) is a species of nocturnal, burrowing rodent in the family Muridae that inhabits the semi arid and southern arid regions of Australia.	Bolam's mouse	Pseudomys
parent taxon	The Indian flying frog, Pterorana khare, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Indian flying frog	Pterorana
parent taxon	Lilioceris is a genus of beetles in the leaf beetle family, Chrysomelidae.	Lilioceris	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	Libytheana is a genus of nymphalid butterflies in the snout butterfly subfamily Libytheinae.	Libytheana	Libytheinae
parent taxon	Necydalopsis trizonatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Necydalopsis.	Necydalopsis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Mentawai long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys siporanus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Mentawai long-tailed giant rat	Leopoldamys
parent taxon	Hammatoceras is included in the subfamily Hammatoceratinae, which in the outdated 1957 Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology was part of the Hammatoceratidae, but of the Phymatoceratidae in D.T. Donovan et al.	Hammatoceras	Hammatoceratinae
parent taxon	Hubbard's sportive lemur (Lepilemur hubbardorum), or the Zombitse sportive lemur, is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar.	Hubbard's sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	The Eurasian collared dove (Streptopelia decaocto), most often simply called the collared dove, also sometimes hyphenated as Eurasian collared-dove, is a species of dove native to warm temperate and subtropical Asia, and introduced in North America in 1980s.	Eurasian collared dove	Streptopelia
parent taxon	Elkhorn coral (Acropora palmata) is considered to be one of the most important reef-building corals in the Caribbean.	Elkhorn coral	Acropora
parent taxon	Alphaproteobacteria is a class of bacteria in the phylum Proteobacteria (See also bacterial taxonomy).	Alphaproteobacteria	Proteobacteria
parent taxon	The Simoceratinae is a subfamily in the Aspidoceratidae, a family of ammonites in the Perisphinctaceae, that lived during most of the Late Jurassic, especially in the Pacific and Tethyan realms.	Simoceratinae	Aspidoceratidae
parent taxon	The Larut Hills rice frog (Microhyla annectens) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Larut Hills rice frog	Microhyla
parent taxon	The Brazilian red and white tarantula (Nhandu chromatus) is a tarantula species that is native to Brazil.	Brazilian red and white tarantula	Nhandu
parent taxon	Diretmoides pauciradiatus (Woods, 1973) (Longwing spinyfin) Diretmoides veriginae Kotlyar, 1987	Diretmoides	spinyfin
parent taxon	Eubacterium could be either a Gram-positive or Gram-negative bacteria genus in the family Eubacteriaceae.	Eubacterium	Eubacteriaceae
parent taxon	The Neretvan nase or Dalmatian nase (Chondrostoma knerii) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Neretvan nase	Chondrostoma
parent taxon	Dendrophryniscus is a genus of true toads in the family Bufonidae endemic to the atlantic forests of Brazil, Amazonian Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and the Guianas.	Dendrophryniscus	Bufonidae
parent taxon	Rothschild's woolly rat (Mallomys rothschildi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Rothschild's woolly rat	Mallomys
parent taxon	The Picrodendreae is a tribe of plants under the family Picrodendraceae.	Picrodendreae	Picrodendraceae
parent taxon	The Samoan whistler (Pachycephala flavifrons), also known as the yellow-fronted whistler, is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.	Samoan whistler	Pachycephala
parent taxon	Potamagonum julianae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Potamagonum.	Potamagonum	Carabidae
parent taxon	(2013) assigned Sisteronia to Platypterygiinae as it possesses several synapomorphies of this clade and lacks the synapomorphies of ophthalmosaurine ophthalmosaurids.	Sisteronia	Platypterygiinae
parent taxon	Zodion is a large genus of flies from the family Conopidae.	Zodion	Conopidae
parent taxon	The Sternorrhyncha suborder of the Hemiptera contains the aphids, whiteflies, and scale insects, groups which were traditionally included in the order Homoptera.	Sternorrhyncha	Hemiptera
parent taxon	Duthie's golden mole (Chlorotalpa duthieae) is a species of mammal in the family Chrysochloridae.	Duthie's golden mole	Chlorotalpa
parent taxon	Ichthyophis moustakius, the Manipur moustached caecilian, is a species of caecilian found in India.	Manipur moustached caecilian	Ichthyophis
parent taxon	Sciocoris is a genus of shield bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae, subfamily Pentatominae.	Sciocoris	Pentatomidae
parent taxon	Amoreuxia is a genus of flowering plants in the achiote family, Bixaceae.	Amoreuxia	Bixaceae
parent taxon	Pilsbryspira is a genus of small predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae, the turrids.	Pilsbryspira	Turridae
parent taxon	The New Caledonian ground dove (Gallicolumba longitarsus) is a large, extinct species of ground dove in the pigeon family, and the largest member of its genus.	New Caledonian ground dove	Gallicolumba
parent taxon	Yellow-edged lyretail is the common name for the species Variola louti.	Yellow-edged lyretail	Variola
parent taxon	Corynocarpus is the only genus of plants in the family Corynocarpaceae.	Corynocarpus	Corynocarpaceae
parent taxon	The Maghreb lark (Galerida macrorhyncha) is a species of bird in the lark family Alaudidae native to North Africa.	Maghreb lark	Galerida
parent taxon	Bruun's cutthroat eel, Histiobranchus bruuni, is a cutthroat eel of the genus Histiobranchus, found around New Zealand at the bottom of the deep ocean basin at depths of between 4,000 and 5,000 m. Their length is between 40 and 60 cm.	Bruun's cutthroat eel	Histiobranchus
parent taxon	Loxodontomys is a genus of South American rodents in the tribe Phyllotini of family Cricetidae.	Loxodontomys	Phyllotini
parent taxon	The Madagascar skate (Dipturus crosnieri) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family.	Madagascar skate	Dipturus
parent taxon	The Philippine bulbul (Hypsipetes philippinus) is a songbird species in the bulbul family (Pycnonotidae).	Philippine bulbul	Hypsipetes
parent taxon	The Cocle salamander or Cocle mushroomtongue salamander (Bolitoglossa schizodactyla) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Cocle salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Trichodon trichodon, the Pacific sandfish is a species of sandfish that is native to the Pacific coast of North America, from San Francisco Bay to Unimak Island, in the Aleutian chain.	Pacific sandfish	Trichodon
parent taxon	Geodena is a genus of moth from the family Geometridae.	Geodena	Geometridae
parent taxon	Lottioidea is a superfamily of sea snails or limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Patellogastropoda, the true limpets.	Lottioidea	Patellogastropoda
parent taxon	Established species include five extinct species: † Crocodylus anthropophagus is an extinct crocodile from Plio-Pleistocene of Tanzania.	Crocodylus	crocodile
parent taxon	Hystricosphodrus vailatii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Hystricosphodrus.	Hystricosphodrus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Orchestia is a genus of amphipods in the family Talitridae, containing the following species:	Orchestia	Talitridae
parent taxon	Spanioceras is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod genus belonging to the order Oncocerida, which is thought to have given rise to the Nautilida which includes the living Nautilus.	Spanioceras	Oncocerida
parent taxon	Platyceras is a genus of extinct Paleozoic sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Platyceratidae.	Platyceras	Platyceratidae
parent taxon	Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description, taxonomy, phylogeny, and nomenclature Thryallis Galphimia Anderson, C. 2007.	Thryallis	Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae
parent taxon	Bourgueticrinida has traditionally been viewed as an order of Articulata and a sister taxon to the order Comatulida, the feather stars.	Bourgueticrinida	Articulata
parent taxon	Jiangjunosaurus was placed in the Stegosauridae in 2007.	Jiangjunosaurus	Stegosauridae
parent taxon	Pycnotomina cavicolle is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae, the only species in the genus Pycnotomina.	Pycnotomina	Monotomidae
parent taxon	The Itombwe flycatcher (Muscicapa itombwensis) is a bird species in the Old World flycatcher family (Muscicapidae).	Itombwe flycatcher	Muscicapa
parent taxon	The Mauritian flying fox (Pteropus niger), also known as Greater Mascarene flying fox or Mauritius fruit bat is a large megabat species endemic to Mauritius and La Réunion.	Mauritian flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	The Cinderella waxbill (Estrilda thomensis) is a near-threatened species of estrildid finch found in drier regions of south-western Angola around Namibe Province, north and east to south-west Huila Province and north to Fazenda do Cuito in Huambo and extreme north-western Namibia.	Cinderella waxbill	Estrilda
parent taxon	The Tasmanian whitebait or Derwent whitebait (Lovettia sealii) is an osmeriform fish of the family Galaxiidae, found only in Tasmania, Australia.	Tasmanian whitebait	Lovettia
parent taxon	Abatocera is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species: subgenus Abatocera Abatocera arnaudi Rigout, 1987 Abatocera irregularis Vollenhoven, 1871 Abatocera leonina (Thomson, 1865) subgenus Sternobatocera Abatocera keyensis Breuning, 1943 Abatocera subirregularis Breuning, 1954	Abatocera	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	De Winton's long-eared bat (Laephotis wintoni) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	De Winton's long-eared bat	Laephotis
parent taxon	Sextonia is a neotropical genus of plants in the Lauraceae family, native to South America.	Sextonia	Lauraceae
parent taxon	The subclass Heterobranchia now contains the species which previously were assigned to Opisthobranchia plus the Pulmonata.	Opisthobranchia	Heterobranchia
parent taxon	The Thinlip conger (Gnathophis mystax, also known as the Blacktailed conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).	Thinlip conger	Gnathophis
parent taxon	Achaetocephala atrata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Achaetocephala.	Achaetocephala	Carabidae
parent taxon	Thricops is a genus of true flies of the family Muscidae.	Thricops	Muscidae
parent taxon	Boraginoideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Boraginaceae, as that family is defined in the APG III system of classification for flowering plants.	Boraginoideae	Boraginaceae
parent taxon	Capsus is a genus of mirid bugs belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Mirinae.	Capsus	Miridae
parent taxon	Kribi killi (Fundulopanchax fallax) is a species of African killifish that mainly inhabit swamps and turbid parts of brooks in the coastal rainforest.	Kribi killi	Fundulopanchax
parent taxon	Bathysauropsis is the only genus in the lizard greeneye family, Bathysauropsidae.	Bathysauropsis	Bathysauropsidae
parent taxon	They named the clade containing these two dinosaurs the Proceratosauridae, defined as all theropods closer to Proceratosaurus than to Tyrannosaurus, Allosaurus, Compsognathus, Coelurus, Ornithomimus, or Deinonychus.	Proceratosaurus	Proceratosauridae
parent taxon	The Sierra Madre shrew mouse (Archboldomys musseri) is a species of mammal from the Philippines.	Sierra Madre shrew mouse	Archboldomys
parent taxon	Phylogenetic analyses published in 2007 and 2011 placed Histriasaurus as the most basal member of Rebbachisauridae.	Histriasaurus	Rebbachisauridae
parent taxon	The Brazilian radiolated swamp turtle (Acanthochelys radiolata) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family endemic to Brazil.	Brazilian radiolated swamp turtle	Acanthochelys
parent taxon	Lopha is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Ostreidae.	Lopha	Ostreidae
parent taxon	Lewesiceras is a genus of large ammonites belonging to the order Ammonitida family Pachydiscidae.	Lewesiceras	Pachydiscidae
parent taxon	Nertera is a genus of about 15 species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae, native to the Southern Hemisphere, in South America and Australasia, with one species extending into the Northern Hemisphere in Central America, eastern Asia, and Hawaii.	Nertera	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Vachellia prasinata (Acacia prasinata) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Vachellia prasinata	Acacia
parent taxon	Chris Brochu agreed with the assessment that Crocodylia as a name has never had stable contents, and that a series of clades larger than the crown group Crocodylia (including Crocodyliformes and the slightly more inclusive clade Crocodylomorpha) was a good solution.	Crocodyliformes	Crocodylomorpha
parent taxon	Des Murs's wiretail (Sylviorthorhynchus desmursii) is a small passerine bird of southern South America which belongs to the ovenbird family Furnariidae.	Des Murs's wiretail	Sylviorthorhynchus
parent taxon	Trogolegnum is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Trogolegnum pseudambulyx, which is known from Mexico.	Trogolegnum	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Vultocinus anfractus is a species of crab, the only species in the family Vultocinidae.	Vultocinus	Vultocinidae
parent taxon	The Tepui goldenthroat (Polytmus milleri) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Tepui goldenthroat	Polytmus
parent taxon	Neritodryas is a genus of freshwater snails, (some of which are amphibious and terrestrial); they are gastropod mollusks in the family Neritidae, the nerites.	Neritodryas	Neritidae
parent taxon	The Abyssinian owl or African long-eared owl (Asio abyssinicus) is a medium-sized true owl.	Abyssinian owl	Asio
parent taxon	The Socorro springsnail, scientific name Pyrgulopsis neomexicana, is an endangered species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae, the mud snails.	Socorro springsnail	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	The Mindanao pygmy fruit bat (Alionycteris paucidentata) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Mindanao pygmy fruit bat	Alionycteris
parent taxon	Eriogonum is the scientific name for a genus of flowering plants in the family Polygonaceae.	Eriogonum	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	Diaprepes is a genus of weevil belonging to the family Curculionidae.	Diaprepes	Curculionidae
parent taxon	Tenagomysis is a genus of mysid shrimps in the family Mysidae, containing the following species:	Tenagomysis	Mysidae
parent taxon	Jaagiella is a genus of green algae, in the family Chaetophoraceae.	Jaagiella	Chaetophoraceae
parent taxon	Giraffids are represented in the late Miocene of the Siwaliks by large Sivatheriinae such as Sivatherium, Bramatherium, Helladotherium, and Hydaspitherium.	Hydaspitherium	Sivatherium
parent taxon	Calathosoma rubromarginatum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Calathosoma.	Calathosoma	Carabidae
parent taxon	Epophthalmia a genus of dragonflies in the family Macromiidae.	Epophthalmia	Macromiidae
parent taxon	Roesel's bush-cricket (Metrioptera roeselii) is a European bush-cricket, named after August Johann Rösel von Rosenhof, a German entomologist.	Roesel's bush-cricket	Metrioptera
parent taxon	``New Species and global revision of Hippasteria (Hippasterinae: Goniasteridae; Asteroidea; Echinodermata)''.	Hippasteria	Hippasterinae
parent taxon	Ulaikoilia jelineki is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Ulaikoilia.	Ulaikoilia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	One unique feature of the Acaciella angustissima is that it is thornless unlike most members of the genus Acacia (which it formerly belonged to).	Acaciella angustissima	Acacia
parent taxon	Collabieae is a tribe in the subfamily Epidendroideae.	Collabieae	Epidendroideae
parent taxon	Amphimasoreus amaroides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Amphimasoreus.	Amphimasoreus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Baja pocket mouse (Chaetodipus rudinoris) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	Baja pocket mouse	Chaetodipus
parent taxon	Acteoninoidea is an extinct superfamily of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda.	Acteoninoidea	Caenogastropoda
parent taxon	The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat, (Cuscomys oblativus), is a large species of South American chinchilla rats, known from skeletal remains found by members of the Peruvian Expedition of 1912.	Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat	Cuscomys
parent taxon	The Alaskan hare (Lepus othus), also known as the tundra hare, is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae.	Alaskan hare	Lepus
parent taxon	The genus Zaprionus belongs to the family fruit fly Drosophilidae and is positioned within the paraphyletic genus Drosophila.	Zaprionus	Drosophilidae
parent taxon	Leiobunum is a genus of the harvestman family Sclerosomatidae with more than a hundred described species.	Leiobunum	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	The Fairbanks springsnail, scientific name Pyrgulopsis fairbanksensis, is a species of minute freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae.	Fairbanks springsnail	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	Schultz's pipefish, Corythoichthys schultzi, is a pipefish of the family Syngnathidae.	Schultz's pipefish	Corythoichthys
parent taxon	Labeoninae is a doubtfully distinct subfamily of ray-finned fishes in the family Cyprinidae of order Cypriniformes.	Labeoninae	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	The Siberian rubythroat (Luscinia calliope) is a small passerine bird that was formerly classed as a member of the thrush family, Turdidae, but is now more generally considered to be an Old World flycatcher of the family Muscicapidae.	Siberian rubythroat	Luscinia
parent taxon	The Surinam horned frog (Ceratophrys cornuta), also known as Amazonian horned frog, is a bulky frog measuring up to 20 centimetres (7.9 in) found in the northern part of South America.	Surinam horned frog	Ceratophrys
parent taxon	The São Paulo marsh antwren (Formicivora paludicola), or São Paulo antwren, is a species of bird in the antbird family.	São Paulo marsh antwren	Formicivora
parent taxon	Plucheeae, sometimes also spelt as Plucheae, is a tribe of flowering plants in the subfamily Asteroideae.	Plucheeae	Asteroideae
parent taxon	The Assam leaf turtle (Cyclemys gemeli) is a species of Asian leaf turtle found in Northeastern India and Bangladesh.	Assam leaf turtle	Cyclemys
parent taxon	Pseudosilvanus distinctus is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Pseudosilvanus.	Pseudosilvanus	Silvanidae
parent taxon	The Citrine forktail, Ischnura hastata, is a damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae.	Citrine forktail	Ischnura
parent taxon	Selliguea is a fern genus in the family Polypodiaceae.	Selliguea	Polypodiaceae
parent taxon	The sole species is Sequencia serrata (originally Brocchinia serrata), endemic to the Vaupés region of Colombia.	Sequencia	Brocchinia
parent taxon	The Brewer's blackbird (Euphagus cyanocephalus) is a medium-sized New World blackbird.	Brewer's blackbird	Euphagus
parent taxon	Balistoides conspicillum (Bloch & J. G. Schneider, 1801) (Clown triggerfish) Balistoides viridescens (Bloch & J. G. Schneider, 1801) (Titan triggerfish)	Balistoides	triggerfish
parent taxon	The Spanish toothcarp (Aphanius iberus), also known as the Spanish pupfish or Iberian killifish, is a small, endemic species of fish in the family Cyprinodontidae.	Spanish toothcarp	Aphanius
parent taxon	Maripanus quadrimaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Maripanus.	Maripanus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Heteroceras is a Lower Cretaceous heteromorph ammonite belonging to the ancyloceratacian family, Heteroceratidae, characterized by a helically coiled juvenile shell at the apex followed by slightly curved adult shaft, with a J-shaped section at the end of it.	Heteroceras	Heteroceratidae
parent taxon	The Cape dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion pumilum), is a chameleon native to the South African province of the Western Cape, where it is restricted to the region around Cape Town.	Cape dwarf chameleon	Bradypodion
parent taxon	Hercoceras is a trochoidally coiled nautiloid cephalopod placed in the nautilid family Rutoceratidae.	Hercoceras	Rutoceratidae
parent taxon	The Shasta salamander (Hydromantes shastae) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Shasta salamander	Hydromantes
parent taxon	Lichnasthenus armiventris is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Lichnasthenus.	Lichnasthenus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Pseudananas is a monotypic genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae.	Pseudananas	Bromeliaceae
parent taxon	The Venezuelan parakeet (Pyrrhura emma) is a bird in the Psittacidae family of parrots.	Venezuelan parakeet	Pyrrhura
parent taxon	Hancockia is a genus of the orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Hancockia	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Dimorphoreicheia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species which are endemic to Sardinia Dimorphoreicheia relicta Magrini, 2004 Dimorphoreicheia vannii Magrini, Fancello & Leo, 2002	Dimorphoreicheia	Carabidae
parent taxon	Hymenasplenium is one of three genera of ferns in the Aspleniaceae (spleenwort family), in the eupolypods II clade of the order Polypodiales.	Hymenasplenium	Aspleniaceae
parent taxon	Trixis is a genus of shrubs in the aster family, Asteraceae, native to North and South America including the West Indies.	Trixis	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Phylogenetic analyses of DNA data have shown that Volvopluteus is closely related to Pluteus and both genera currently are classified in the family Pluteaceae, while Volvariella is not closely related to either genus and its position in the Agaricales is still uncertain.	Volvopluteus	Pluteaceae
parent taxon	Cinchonopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae containing the single species Cinchonopsis amazonica.	Cinchonopsis	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Desertiguana is an extinct genus of lizard in the family Phrynosomatidae.	Desertiguana	Phrynosomatidae
parent taxon	Stephanitidae is an extinct family of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite superfamily Noritaceae.	Stephanitidae	Noritaceae
parent taxon	The Lumbricidae are a family of earthworms which includes most of the earthworm species well-known to Europeans.	Lumbricidae	earthworm
parent taxon	Cladistic analysis carried out by Coria and Currie definitively showed that Mapusaurus is nested within the clade Carcharodontosauridae.	Mapusaurus	Carcharodontosauridae
parent taxon	Praslin's caecilian, Praslinia cooperi, is a species of caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae.	Praslin's caecilian	Praslinia
parent taxon	Spondianthus is a genus of plant, in the family Phyllanthaceae and is the only genus comprised in the subtribe Spondianthinae.	Spondianthus	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Soil-borne wheat mosaic virus is part of the Furovirus genus.	Soil-borne wheat mosaic virus	Furovirus
parent taxon	Phylogenetically Aphroditeola is classified in the Agaricales near the Hygrophoraceae.	Aphroditeola	Hygrophoraceae
parent taxon	Camptophallus botti is a species of crab in the family Pseudothelphusidae, and the only species in the genus Camptophallus.	Camptophallus	Pseudothelphusidae
parent taxon	Proserpinidae is a taxonomic family of small land snails with an operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicinoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Proserpinidae	Helicinoidea
parent taxon	Piezura is a small genus of small flies of the family Fanniidae.	Piezura	Fanniidae
parent taxon	The Pima River rainbowfish (Melanotaenia pimanensis) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family.	Pima River rainbowfish	Melanotaenia
parent taxon	Trachypachus is a genus in the family Trachypachidae that contains four described species.	Trachypachus	Trachypachidae
parent taxon	Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description, taxonomy, phylogeny, and nomenclature Rhynchophora Anderson, W. R. 2001.	Rhynchophora	Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae
parent taxon	Cycas is the type genus and the only genus recognised in the family Cycadaceae.	Cycas	Cycadaceae
parent taxon	Basellaceae is a family of flowering plants, in the order Caryophyllales in the clade core eudicots, according to the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group.	Basellaceae	Caryophyllales
parent taxon	The Salina mucket, scientific name Potamilus metnecktayi, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Salina mucket	Potamilus
parent taxon	The Camouflage grouper (Epinephelus polyphekadion) is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.	Camouflage grouper	Epinephelus
parent taxon	Aputrechisibus dubius is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Aputrechisibus.	Aputrechisibus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Viticoideae is one of seven subfamilies in the sage family, Lamiaceae.	Viticoideae	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	The Papaloapan chub (Notropis moralesi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Papaloapan chub	Notropis
parent taxon	Deltistes is a genus of North American ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.	Deltistes	Catostomidae
parent taxon	Callionymus enneactis, the Mangrove dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean at depths down to 15 metres (49 ft).	Mangrove dragonet	Callionymus
parent taxon	Paraancylotela amplidorsa is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Paraancylotela.	Paraancylotela	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Barbourofelidae is an extinct family of mammalian carnivores of the suborder Feliformia that lived in North America, Eurasia and Africa during the Miocene epoch (16.9--9.0 Ma) and existed for about 7.9 million years.	Barbourofelidae	Feliformia
parent taxon	The Venus comb murex, scientific name Murex pecten, is a species of large predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.	Venus comb murex	Murex
parent taxon	The Mindanao miniature babbler (Micromacronus sordidus) is a bird species in the family Timaliidae.	Mindanao miniature babbler	Micromacronus
parent taxon	Turritopsis is a genus of Anthomedusae jellyfish in the family Oceaniidae.	Turritopsis	Oceaniidae
parent taxon	The numbfishes are a group of electric rays (order Torpediniformes) in the family Narcinidae.	Narcinidae	Torpediniformes
parent taxon	Rhipidistia formerly referred to a subgroup of Sarcopterygii consisting of the Porolepiformes and Osteolepiformes, a definition that is now obsolete.	Rhipidistia	Sarcopterygii
parent taxon	Platyclymeniidae is a family of ammonites belonging to the order Clymeniida.	Platyclymeniidae	Clymeniida
parent taxon	Meyrick's banana hedyleptan moth (Omiodes meyrickii) is a species of moth in the Pyralidae family.	Meyrick's banana hedyleptan moth	Omiodes
parent taxon	The Cape Verde storm petrel (Oceanodroma jabejabe) is an oceangoing bird found in the Atlantic Ocean, especially around the islands of Cape Verde.	Cape Verde storm petrel	Oceanodroma
parent taxon	Afagrilaxia natalensis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Afagrilaxia.	Afagrilaxia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Acanthophractida is ``an order of marine protozoans in the subclass Acantharia; skeleton includes a latticework shell and skeletal rods''.	Acanthophractida	Acantharia
parent taxon	Trematosuchus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae from South African.	Trematosuchus	Trematosauridae
parent taxon	Adrianitinae is a subfamily of the Adrianitidae which is part of the goniatitid superfamily Adrianitaceae.	Adrianitinae	Adrianitidae
parent taxon	Mesobia is a genus of very small freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae.	Mesobia	Cochliopidae
parent taxon	Cyprinion is a genus of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae.	Cyprinion	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	Bukiniczia cabulica is a plant in the plumbago or leadwort family (Plumbaginaceae), and the sole species in the monotypic genus Bukiniczia.	Bukiniczia	Plumbaginaceae
parent taxon	The Witu forest tree frog, Leptopelis concolor, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Kenya, Somalia, and Tanzania.	Witu forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	Vitreobalcis is a genus of very small ectoparasitic sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the Eulimidae family.	Vitreobalcis	Eulimidae
parent taxon	These features suggest that Jiyuanitectum belongs to the family Bystrowianidae.	Jiyuanitectum	Bystrowianidae
parent taxon	Cupuaçu (Theobroma grandiflorum), also spelled cupuassu, cupuazú, cupu assu, and copoasu, is a tropical rainforest tree related to cacao.	Cupuaçu	Theobroma
parent taxon	Macraucheniidae is a family in the Litopterna order of extinct South American ungulates, an animal with similarities to the camel and rhinoceros.	Macraucheniidae	Litopterna
parent taxon	Tolus is a genus of harvestman in family Phalangodidae with the sole described species Tolus appalachius.	Tolus	Phalangodidae
parent taxon	Ommatochila has previously been classified in the Phytometrinae subfamily within Erebidae or in the Acontiinae subfamily of the Noctuidae family.	Ommatochila	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Darwin's rhea (Rhea pennata), also known as the lesser rhea, is a large flightless bird, but the smaller of the two extant species of rheas.	Darwin's rhea	Rhea
parent taxon	The New Caledonian whistler (Pachycephala caledonica) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.	New Caledonian whistler	Pachycephala
parent taxon	The Bermuda petrel (Pterodroma cahow) is a gadfly petrel.	Bermuda petrel	gadfly petrel
parent taxon	The Mexican prairie dog (Cynomys mexicanus) is a diurnal burrowing rodent native to Mexico.	Mexican prairie dog	Cynomys
parent taxon	Harleyodendron unifoliolatum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Harleyodendron	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Melarhaphe is a monotypic genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	Melarhaphe	Littorinidae
parent taxon	Codringtonia is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Codringtonia	Helicidae
parent taxon	Labyrinthoceras is an extinct cephalopod genus included in the ammonoid family Sphaeroceratidae, a member of the superfamily Stephanoceratoidea, that lived during middle of the Jurassic Period.	Labyrinthoceras	Sphaeroceratidae
parent taxon	Durum wheat, pasta wheat or macaroni wheat (Triticum durum or Triticum turgidum subsp. durum) is the only tetraploid species of wheat of commercial importance that is widely cultivated today.	Durum	Triticum
parent taxon	Cyathocrinitidae is an extinct family of crinoids belonging to the order Cladida.	Cyathocrinitidae	Cladida
parent taxon	In 1874, the British geologist Harry G. Seeley, based on this finding, which is now known as the holotype of the family Rhomaleosauridae, recognized and erected a new genus establishing Rhomaleosaurus.	Rhomaleosaurus	Rhomaleosauridae
parent taxon	Antrodiaetidae is a small spider family, known as folding trapdoor spiders.	Antrodiaetidae	spider
parent taxon	Africephala timaea is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.	Africephala	Gracillariidae
parent taxon	The African golden wolf (Canis anthus), also known as the African wolf or thoa, is a canid native to north and northeastern Africa.	African golden wolf	Canis
parent taxon	Euryopis is a spider genus in the family Theridiidae, the tangle-web spiders.	Euryopis	Theridiidae
parent taxon	Ramusculus is a monotypic genus of air-breathing land snails, gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.	Ramusculus	Enidae
parent taxon	Bulbonaricus brauni (C. E. Dawson & G. R. Allen, 1978) (Pugheaded pipefish) Bulbonaricus brucei C. E. Dawson, 1984 Bulbonaricus davaoensis (Herald, 1953) (Davao pughead pipefish)	Bulbonaricus	pipefish
parent taxon	Odontiinae is a subfamily of moths of the Crambidae family.	Odontiinae	Crambidae
parent taxon	Malva vein clearing virus also known as MVCV is a species of Potyvirus in the family Potyviridae that was isolated in 1957 from Malva sylvestris in Germany which is transmitted by the aphids Aphis umbrella and Myzus persicae.	Malva vein clearing virus	Potyvirus
parent taxon	The Christmas toad (Bufo espinuloso) is a species of true toad.	Christmas toad	Bufo
parent taxon	Molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that Calciphilopteris is the most basal clade in the subfamily Cheilanthoideae.	Calciphilopteris	Cheilanthoideae
parent taxon	Leidyula is a genus of slugs in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.	Leidyula	Veronicellidae
parent taxon	The Aspleniaceae (spleenworts) is a family of ferns, included in the order Polypodiales or in some classifications as the only family in the order Aspleniales.	Aspleniaceae	Polypodiales
parent taxon	Gammaherpesvirinae is a subfamily of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae.	Gammaherpesvirinae	Herpesviridae
parent taxon	Conaliamorpha lutea is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Conaliamorpha.	Conaliamorpha	Mordellidae
parent taxon	The Alabama spike, scientific name Elliptio arca, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Alabama spike	Elliptio
parent taxon	Gymnostoma is a genus of about eighteen species of trees and shrubs, constituting one of the four genera of the plant family Casuarinaceae.	Gymnostoma	Casuarinaceae
parent taxon	Goldfin tinfoil barb (Hypsibarbus malcolmi) is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in Southeast Asia.	Goldfin tinfoil barb	Hypsibarbus
parent taxon	Titanoceras is placed in the Grypoceratidae, a family of similar genera within the Nautilida.	Titanoceras	Grypoceratidae
parent taxon	Under this categorization, Sagmatias, Cephalorhynchus and Lissodelphis form the subfamily Lissodelphininae within the dolphin family, Delphinidae.	Sagmatias	Lissodelphininae
parent taxon	Achatinella taeniolata, an O'ahu tree snail, is a species of colorful, tropical, tree-living, air-breathing land snail, an arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Achatinella taeniolata	O'ahu tree snail
parent taxon	Calamoecia is a genus of copepods in the family Centropagidae confined to Australasia.	Calamoecia	Centropagidae
parent taxon	However, Michael Benton (2000, 2004) makes the anthracosaurs a paraphyletic order within the superorder Reptiliomorpha, along with the orders Seymouriamorpha and Diadectomorpha, thus making the Anthracosaurians the ``lower'' reptile-like amphibians.	Anthracosauria	Reptiliomorpha
parent taxon	The Slender silver-biddy (Gerres oblongus) is a species of mojarra native to marine and brackish waters of coastal waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean, far towards Vanuatu.	Slender silver-biddy	Gerres
parent taxon	The Mexican yellow grosbeak (or simply yellow grosbeak), Pheucticus chrysopeplus, is a medium-sized seed-eating bird in the same family as the northern cardinal, ``tropical'' or ``New World'' buntings, and ``cardinal-grosbeaks'' or ``New World'' grosbeaks.	Mexican yellow grosbeak	Pheucticus
parent taxon	Tartarocreagris is a genus of pseudoscorpions in the family Neobisiidae.	Tartarocreagris	Neobisiidae
parent taxon	Raffray's sheath-tailed bat (Emballonura raffrayana) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.	Raffray's sheath-tailed bat	Emballonura
parent taxon	Milton's titi monkey (Callicebus miltoni), named after the Brazilian primatologist Milton Thiago de Mello, is a species of titi, a type of New World monkey, from southern Amazon rainforest, Brazil.	Milton's titi	Callicebus
parent taxon	Dromomeryx is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla, of the family Palaeomerycidae, endemic to North America.	Dromomeryx	Palaeomerycidae
parent taxon	Litsea is a genus of evergreen or deciduous trees or shrubs belonging to the Laurel family, Lauraceae.	Litsea	Lauraceae
parent taxon	The Ja slit-faced bat (Nycteris major) is a species of slit-faced bat that lives in the tropical and subtropical forests of Africa.	Ja slit-faced bat	Nycteris
parent taxon	The Thekla lark (Galerida theklae) breeds on the Iberian peninsula, in northern Africa, and sub-Saharan Africa from Senegal to Somalia.	Thekla lark	Galerida
parent taxon	Noroviruses (NoV) are a genetically diverse group of single-stranded positive-sense RNA, non-enveloped viruses belonging to the Caliciviridae family.	Norovirus	Caliciviridae
parent taxon	The Amami thrush (Zoothera dauma major) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae.	Amami thrush	Zoothera
parent taxon	Asplenium is a genus of about 700 species of ferns, often treated as the only genus in the family Aspleniaceae, though other authors consider Hymenasplenium separate, based on molecular phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequences, a different chromosome count, and structural differences in the rhizomes.	Asplenium	Aspleniaceae
parent taxon	Durikainema is a genus of two nematodes in the family Robertdollfusidae.	Durikainema	Robertdollfusidae
parent taxon	Antidesma is a genus of tropical plant in the Phyllanthaceae formally described by Linnaeus in 1753.	Antidesma	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	The Wyoming pocket gopher (Thomomys clusius) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.	Wyoming pocket gopher	Thomomys
parent taxon	The Arizona toad (Anaxyrus microscaphus) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Arizona toad	Anaxyrus
parent taxon	Genea (derived from the Greek word γενεά, meaning ``descent'') is a genus of truffle-like fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.	Genea	Pyronemataceae
parent taxon	Ptychites is an extinct genus of cephalopods belonging to the family Ptychitidae.	Ptychites	Ptychitidae
parent taxon	Dabry's sturgeon (Acipenser dabryanus) is a species of fish in the sturgeon family, Acipenseridae.	Dabry's sturgeon	Acipenser
parent taxon	Deroxena is a genus of moth in the Gelechioidea subfamily Autostichinae, which is either placed in the Oecophoridae or in an expanded Autostichidae.	Deroxena	Oecophoridae
parent taxon	Halocarpus is a genus of conifers belonging to the Podocarp family Podocarpaceae.	Halocarpus	Podocarpaceae
parent taxon	Ecdyonurus is a genus of mayflies of the Heptageniidae family.	Ecdyonurus	Heptageniidae
parent taxon	Franciscodendron is a monotypic genus in the Sterculioideae subfamily (previously Sterculiaceae) within the family Malvaceae.	Franciscodendron	Sterculioideae
parent taxon	Mugilogobius sarasinorum, Sarasin's goby, is a species of goby endemic to Lake Poso in Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Sarasin's goby	Mugilogobius
parent taxon	The Californian conger (Paraconger californiensis), also known as the ringeye conger, is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).	Californian conger	Paraconger
parent taxon	Monanthotaxis is a Afrotropical plant genus with some 56 species, belonging to the Annonaceae.	Monanthotaxis	Annonaceae
parent taxon	The Biak monarch (Symposiachrus brehmii) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Biak monarch	Symposiachrus
parent taxon	Acidocroton is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described with this name in 1859.	Acidocroton	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Odontostomidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Orthalicoidea.	Odontostomidae	Orthalicoidea
parent taxon	Kzylordyina obscura is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Kzylordyina.	Kzylordyina	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Coastal Range newt (Taricha torosa torosa) is a subspecies of the California newt (Taricha torosa).	Coastal Range newt	Taricha torosa
parent taxon	Retusa is a genus of very small head-shield sea snails or barrel-bubble snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Retusidae.	Retusa	Retusidae
parent taxon	Scolodontidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonategastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rhytidoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Scolodontidae	Rhytidoidea
parent taxon	The European turtle dove (Streptopelia turtur) is a member of the bird family Columbidae, the doves and pigeons.	European turtle dove	Streptopelia
parent taxon	The Somali bee-eater (Merops revoilii) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family.	Somali bee-eater	Merops
parent taxon	Thomas's sac-winged bat (Balantiopteryx io) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.	Thomas's sac-winged bat	Balantiopteryx
parent taxon	Xenophrys is a genus of amphibians in the Megophryidae family.	Xenophrys	Megophryidae
parent taxon	Mysidopsis is a genus of mysid shrimps in the family Mysidae.	Mysidopsis	Mysidae
parent taxon	The Sumatran rhinoceros, also known as hairy rhinoceros or Asian two-horned rhinoceros (Dicerorhinus sumatrensis), is a rare member of the family Rhinocerotidae and one of five extant rhinoceroses.	Sumatran rhinoceros	Dicerorhinus
parent taxon	Sclater's lark (Spizocorys sclateri) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Sclater's lark	Spizocorys
parent taxon	Listonella is a genus of Gram-negative marine bacteria in the family Vibrionaceae named after the American microbiologist J. Liston.	Listonella	Vibrionaceae
parent taxon	The Cimicomorpha comprise an infraorder of the Heteroptera.	Cimicomorpha	Heteroptera
parent taxon	The Abd al-Kuri sparrow (Passer hemileucus) is a passerine bird endemic to the small island of Abd al Kuri (also spelled several other ways) in the Socotra archiplago of the Indian Ocean, off the Horn of Africa.	Abd al-Kuri sparrow	Passer
parent taxon	The MacArthur's shrew (Crocidura macarthuri) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	MacArthur's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Plains leopard frog (Rana blairi) It is sometimes referred to as Blair's leopard frog, named after the noted zoologist and University of Texas professor, Dr. W. Frank Blair.	Plains leopard frog	Rana
parent taxon	Metaxanthops acutus is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Metaxanthops.	Metaxanthops	Xanthidae
parent taxon	Phasca is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family J.R. Tephritidae.	Phasca	Tephritidae
parent taxon	The Carpenter's flasher wrasse, Paracheilinus carpenteri, is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean.	Carpenter's flasher wrasse	Paracheilinus
parent taxon	Demansia is a genus of snake of the family Elapidae; members of the genus are commonly known as whip snakes.	Demansia	Elapidae
parent taxon	Epinotia is a very large genus of tortrix moths (family Tortricidae).	Epinotia	Tortricidae
parent taxon	The Alligatorfish (Aspidophoroides monopterygius, also known commonly as the Aleutian alligatorfish and the Atlantic alligatorfish) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers).	Alligatorfish	Aspidophoroides
parent taxon	Palaeoechinastacus is the earliest body fossil from the family Parastacidae, and the earliest crayfish from Gondwana.	Palaeoechinastacus	Parastacidae
parent taxon	Heterophyllaea is a genus of three species of shrubs in the family Rubiaceae, native to Bolivia and Argentina.	Heterophyllaea	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Haplothismia is a genus of myco-heterotrophic plants in family Burmanniaceae, first described as a genus in 1952.	Haplothismia	Burmanniaceae
parent taxon	Family Ceratopsidae Subfamily Chasmosaurinae Agujaceratops - (Texas, USA) Anchiceratops - (Alberta, Canada) Arrhinoceratops - (Alberta, Canada) Bravoceratops - (Texas, USA) Chasmosaurus - (Alberta, Canada) Coahuilaceratops - (Coahuila, Mexico) ?	Chasmosaurinae	Ceratopsidae
parent taxon	Torovirinae is one of two subfamilies of enveloped, positive-stranded RNA viruses in the family Coronaviridae in the order Nidovirales.	Torovirinae	Coronaviridae
parent taxon	Puperita is a genus of snails, gastropod mollusks in the family Neritidae.	Puperita	Neritidae
parent taxon	Tristram's bunting (Emberiza tristrami) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.	Tristram's bunting	Emberiza
parent taxon	Callianassa is a genus of mud shrimps, in the family Callianassidae.	Callianassa	Callianassidae
parent taxon	Oryza is situated in tribe Oryzeae, which is characterized morphologically by its single-flowered spikelets whose glumes are almost completely suppressed.	Oryza	Oryzeae
parent taxon	Actinoptilum is a genus of sea pens in the family Echinoptilidae, containing the single species:	Actinoptilum	Echinoptilidae
parent taxon	Protoscalidion rugia is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Protoscalidion.	Protoscalidion	Carabidae
parent taxon	Clinothelphusa kakoota is a species of crab in the family Parathelphusidae, which is endemic to Sri Lanka.	Clinothelphusa	Parathelphusidae
parent taxon	Aspatharia is a genus of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Iridinidae.	Aspatharia	Iridinidae
parent taxon	The Kinabalu giant earthworm, Pheretima darnleiensis, is a grey-blue coloured peregrine annelid native to Mount Kinabalu, Borneo and surrounding islands as well as New Guinea.	Kinabalu giant earthworm	Pheretima
parent taxon	Ileostylus is a genus of mistletoes in the family Loranthaceae.	Ileostylus	Loranthaceae
parent taxon	Calodactylodes is a genus of lizards in the family Gekkonidae (geckos) distributed in peninsular India and Sri Lanka.	Calodactylodes	geckos
parent taxon	The African terrestrial barbets are the bird genus Trachyphonus in the African barbet family (Lybiidae), which was formerly included in the Capitonidae and sometimes in the Ramphastidae.	Trachyphonus	Capitonidae
parent taxon	The Chinese penduline tit (Remiz consobrinus) is a species of bird in the Remizidae family.	Chinese penduline tit	Remiz
parent taxon	Negaprion is a genus of requiem sharks in the family Carcharhinidae, containing the two extant species of lemon sharks: the lemon shark (N. brevirostris) of the Americas, and the sicklefin lemon shark (N. acutidens) of the Indo-Pacific.	Negaprion	Carcharhinidae
parent taxon	The Lyophyllaceae is a family of fungi in the order Agaricales.	Lyophyllaceae	Agaricales
parent taxon	Gibberula is a genus of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae, previously placed in the family Marginellidae, the margin shells or marginellids.	Gibberula	Cystiscidae
parent taxon	Hormisa was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Macrochilo	Hormisa	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Alcorn's pocket gopher (Pappogeomys alcorni) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.	Alcorn's pocket gopher	Pappogeomys
parent taxon	The Rocky Mountain capshell (Acroloxus coloradensis) is a species of freshwater snail in the family Acroloxidae, the river limpets.	Rocky Mountain capshell	Acroloxus
parent taxon	Gigantostrea is an extinct genus of marine bivalve mollusks belonging to the family Gryphaeidae.	Gigantostrea	Gryphaeidae
parent taxon	The Papuan hawk-owl (Uroglaux dimorpha) is a medium-sized, sleek owl with a proportionately small head, long tail, and short, rounded wings.	Papuan hawk-owl	Uroglaux
parent taxon	The Bornean stubtail (Urosphena whiteheadi) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family.	Bornean stubtail	Urosphena
parent taxon	Eridanosaurus is an extinct genus originally described as a crocodilian, but later shown to be a rhinoceros (specifically, based on a rhinoceros vertebra).	Eridanosaurus	rhinoceros
parent taxon	Enneapterygius ornatus, known commonly as the Henderson triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Henderson triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	The Orbiliaceae are a family of saprobic sac fungi in the order Orbiliales.	Orbiliaceae	Orbiliales
parent taxon	The Chinese crocodile lizard (Shinisaurus crocodilurus) is a semiaquatic lizard found only in cool forests in the Hunan, Guangxi and Guizhou Provinces of China, and the Quảng Ninh Province in Vietnam.	Chinese crocodile lizard	Shinisaurus
parent taxon	Tepidimonas is a genus of Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, oxidase- and catalase-positive, rod-shaped, slightly thermophilic bacteria from the family Comamonadaceae.	Tepidimonas	Comamonadaceae
parent taxon	The Weber's dwarf squirrel (Prosciurillus weberi) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Weber's dwarf squirrel	Prosciurillus
parent taxon	Fayella is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean temnospondyl amphibian within the family Dissorophidae.	Fayella	Dissorophidae
parent taxon	Globigerinana are free living pelagic foraminiferan, included in the class Rotaliata that range from the Jurassic to recent.	Globigerinana	Rotaliata
parent taxon	Philomycus is a genus of air-breathing land slugs in the family Philomycidae, the mantleslugs.	Philomycus	Philomycidae
parent taxon	The subfamily Fulgorariinae contains sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.	Fulgorariinae	Volutidae
performer	You've Never Seen Everything is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bruce Cockburn, released on July 10, 2003.	You've Never Seen Everything	Bruce Cockburn
performer	Billion Dollar Babies is the sixth studio album by American band Alice Cooper, released in 1973.	Billion Dollar Babies	Alice Cooper
performer	``Fuck the Pain Away'' is a song by Canadian electronic artist Peaches.	Fuck the Pain Away	Peaches
performer	``Hard to Say'' is the title of a popular song from 1981 written and performed by the American singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg.	Hard to Say	Dan Fogelberg
performer	``Indiana Wants Me'' is a song written, composed, and originally recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter R. Dean Taylor.	Indiana Wants Me	R. Dean Taylor
performer	Few Against Many is the seventh studio album by Greek heavy metal band Firewind.	Few Against Many	Firewind
performer	``Why Not Us'' is a song recorded by German pop trio Monrose.	Why Not Us	Monrose
performer	Old Liquidator is the debut full-length album by American rock band The Minus 5.	Old Liquidator	The Minus 5
performer	Knowle West Boy is the seventh studio album by musician and producer Tricky, released by Domino Records on 7 July 2008 in Europe, and 9 September 2008 in North America.	Knowle West Boy	Tricky
performer	Next Future is the second album from Girl Next Door released on January 20, 2010.	Next Future	Girl Next Door
performer	Invisible Storm is an album by Finnish avant-garde jazz composer, bandleader and drummer Edward Vesala recorded in 1991 and released on the ECM label in 1992.	Invisible Storm	Edward Vesala
performer	Elegant Stealth is the twenty-first studio album from rock band Wishbone Ash and the culmination of 2 years of writing and recording sessions.	Elegant Stealth	Wishbone Ash
performer	``Merry Happy'' is the fifth single from British singer-songwriter Kate Nash.	Merry Happy	Kate Nash
performer	To Notice Such Things is a studio album by former Deep Purple keyboard player Jon Lord, released in 2010.	To Notice Such Things	Jon Lord
performer	``It Ends Tonight'' is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released as the third and final single from their second studio album Move Along on September 19, 2006.	It Ends Tonight	The All-American Rejects
performer	Velvet Noise Extended is re-release of Danish band Raunchy's debut album, released in 2001.	Velvet Noise Extended	Raunchy
performer	Diamond in the Dirt is the debut album by MC Shystie.	Diamond in the Dirt	Shystie
performer	I Hora Ton Thavmaton (Greek: Η Χώρα Των Θαυμάτων; English: The Land Of Miracles) is a studio album by Greek artist Glykeria.	I Hora Ton Thavmaton	Glykeria
performer	Eat, Sleep, Repeat is the third full length release from Lakeland, Florida's Copeland.	Eat, Sleep, Repeat	Copeland
performer	``Ain't Talkin' 'bout Dub'' is a song by British dance group Apollo 440, released as the second single from their sophomore studio album Electro Glide in Blue (1997).	Ain't Talkin' 'bout Dub	Apollo 440
performer	Free to Stay is the follow-up LP to Smoosh's 2004's release of She Like Electric.	Free to Stay	Smoosh
performer	Studio Sessions, Chicago 1956 is the first volume of The Private Collection a series documenting recordings made by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington for his personal collection which was first released on the LMR label in 1987 and later on the Saja label.	Studio Sessions, Chicago 1956	Duke Ellington
performer	``Sofi Needs a Ladder'' is the third single taken from deadmau5's album, 4×4=12.	Sofi Needs a Ladder	deadmau5
performer	To All New Arrivals is the 5th studio album by dance music act Faithless.	To All New Arrivals	Faithless
performer	Mosh n' Roll is the sixth studio album from metalcore band Bury Your Dead.	Mosh n' Roll	Bury Your Dead
performer	``Zu spät'' (German for too late) is a punk song by Die Ärzte.	Zu spät	Die Ärzte
performer	10 on Broadway is a solo album of Broadway standards from Dennis DeYoung.	10 on Broadway	Dennis DeYoung
performer	``Kool Thing'' was the first major label single from American alternative rock band Sonic Youth's 1990 album Goo.	Kool Thing	Sonic Youth
performer	``Hero of the Day'' is a power ballad by American heavy metal band Metallica from their 1996 album Load.	Hero of the Day	Metallica
performer	``Purple Pills'', also known as the censored version, ``Purple Hills'', is a hip hop single by American rap group D12, taken as the second cut from their debut studio album, Devil's Night.	Purple Pills	D12
performer	``That Should Be Me'' is a song by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber, included as the tenth and final track on his first studio album, My World 2.0, released on March 19, 2010.	That Should Be Me	Justin Bieber
performer	``40 Kinds of Sadness'' is the third and last single Ryan Cabrera released from his 2004 multi-platinum selling debut album Take It All Away.	40 Kinds of Sadness	Ryan Cabrera
performer	``To da Break of Dawn'' is a single from both LL Cool J's fourth album, Mama Said Knock You Out, and the soundtrack to the Kid 'n Play movie House Party.	To da Break of Dawn	LL Cool J
performer	Lahore Ke Rang Hari Ke Sang is an album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan, released on September 26, 2005.	Lahore Ke Rang Hari Ke Sang	Hariharan
performer	``Hit in the USA'' is a single released by Japanese band Beat Crusaders, and the song ``Hit in the USA'' was used as the opening for the anime series, Beck:	Hit in the USA	Beat Crusaders
performer	A Hundred Miles Off is the third album by The Walkmen, released on May 23, 2006 in the United States.	A Hundred Miles Off	The Walkmen
performer	Bubble and Scrape is the fourth album by American indie rock band, Sebadoh.	Bubble and Scrape	Sebadoh
performer	``You Make Me Feel Brand New'' was a 1974 hit by the Philadelphia soul group The Stylistics.	You Make Me Feel Brand New	The Stylistics
performer	Zipper Catches Skin is the fourteenth studio album by Alice Cooper, released in 1982.	Zipper Catches Skin	Alice Cooper
performer	The Tower of Power! is an album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.	The Tower of Power!	Dexter Gordon
performer	``Worried About Ray'' is the debut single by London pop rock band The Hoosiers.	Worried About Ray	The Hoosiers
performer	``Forget About Me'' is a song written by Frankie Miller, Troy Seals and Eddie Setser, and recorded by American country music duo The Bellamy Brothers.	Forget About Me	The Bellamy Brothers
performer	Airut:aamujen is the fourth full-length album of the Tenhi and the second part in their Airut-saga.	Airut:aamujen	Tenhi
performer	``Hang You Up'' is the second single from Yellowcard's seventh album When You're Through Thinking, Say Yes, released on February 22, 2011, on iTunes.	Hang You Up	Yellowcard
performer	``Take Your Shirt Off'' is a song that is performed by American recording artist T-Pain.	Take Your Shirt Off	T-Pain
performer	``Beauty on the Fire'' was the third and final single to be released from Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia's second studio album, White Lilies Island.	Beauty on the Fire	Natalie Imbruglia
performer	A Woman's Touch is the seventeenth studio album by singer and songwriter, Thelma Houston.	A Woman's Touch	Thelma Houston
performer	``Siempre Hace Frio'' is the first single released from the Siempre Selena album.	Siempre Hace Frio	Selena
performer	``I Call It Love'' is the lead single released by American singer Lionel Richie from his studio album Coming Home (2006).	I Call It Love	Lionel Richie
performer	``My Love Goes On and On'' is a debut song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Chris Cagle.	My Love Goes On and On	Chris Cagle
performer	``If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time'' is a song by R. Kelly, released as the fifth single from his 1998 album, R..	If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time	R. Kelly
performer	Humans Only is the fourth full-length album (1982) by the American electronic band Earthstar.	Humans Only	Earthstar
performer	``Next Best Superstar'' is a song by British singer-songwriter, Melanie C. It was released on 4 April 2005 as the first single from Melanie C's third solo album, Beautiful Intentions.	Next Best Superstar	Melanie C
performer	``Stumble and Fall'' is a song by English indie rock band Razorlight and is the ninth track on their 2004 debut album Up All Night.	Stumble and Fall	Razorlight
performer	``Touch Me (All Night Long)'' is the title of a 1984 single by American post-disco and contemporary R&B singer Fonda Rae.	Touch Me (All Night Long)	Fonda Rae
performer	Heitor TP is the first compact disc studio solo album by the Brazilian musician Heitor Pereira, released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).	Heitor TP	Heitor Pereira
performer	Of Birds, Bees, Butterflies, Etc. is the second studio album by American house music group Late Night Alumni.	Of Birds, Bees, Butterflies, Etc.	Late Night Alumni
performer	My Ass-Kicking Life is an album by the Cedar Falls, Iowa band House of Large Sizes.	My Ass-Kicking Life	House of Large Sizes
performer	Stars on Frankie was the fourth and final album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in 1987.	Stars on Frankie	Stars on 45
performer	``Snap Yo Fingers'' is a 2006 American hip hop single by Atlanta-based rapper/producer Lil Jon.	Snap Yo Fingers	Lil Jon
performer	You (Being My Body Whole) is an album released by Von Hemmling, the Elephant 6 band led by Jim McIntyre.	You (Being My Body Whole)	Von Hemmling
performer	The Owl and the Tree is the 7th studio album of Mother Gong and was released in 1990.	The Owl and the Tree	Gong
performer	What We Are Today is an album by melodic/alternative rock band Failsafe; based in Preston.	What We Are Today	Failsafe
performer	Deca i Sunce (Children and the Sun) is the fourth studio album by the Serbian hip-hop artist Marčelo.	Deca i Sunce	Marčelo
performer	A Trick of the Tail is the seventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Genesis.	A Trick of the Tail	Genesis
performer	The Road to Paradiso is a book about the Dutch symphonic metal band Epica (written in both Dutch and English) which was accompanied by a compilation album of the same name.	The Road to Paradiso	Epica
performer	Triggernometry is the fifth album from rap group Onyx.	Triggernometry	Onyx
performer	Fractured Life is the debut album by English alternative rock band Air Traffic.	Fractured Life	Air Traffic
performer	Appetite for Destruction is the debut studio album by American hard rock band Guns N' Roses.	Appetite for Destruction	Guns N' Roses
performer	``Love You No More'' is the second single by Bob Sinclar from his album Born in 69 (which was released worldwide on 14 July 2009).	Love You No More	Bob Sinclar
performer	Elegy of the Uprooting is a double CD live album by Greek composer Eleni Karaindrou featuring music recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM New Series label.	Elegy of the Uprooting	Eleni Karaindrou
performer	Blasting Off was Red Lorry Yellow Lorry's fifth and final album, released on the small Sparkhead independent record label in 1991.	Blasting Off	Red Lorry Yellow Lorry
performer	I'm Going On, released in 1984 on Light Records, is a gospel music album by American contemporary gospel music group Commissioned.	I'm Going On	Commissioned
performer	You're Gonna Get It! is the second album by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, released in 1978.	You're Gonna Get It!	Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
performer	``Raining in My Heart'' is a song recorded by Buddy Holly with the orchestral backing by Dick Jacobs.	Raining in My Heart	Buddy Holly
performer	``Good Souls'' is the second single from the album Love Is Here by British alternative rock band Starsailor, released in 2001.	Good Souls	Starsailor
performer	``Come to Nothing'' is the third single by Evermore, taken from their debut album Dreams.	Come to Nothing	Evermore
performer	``Jungle Boogie'' is a funk song recorded by Kool & the Gang for their 1973 album Wild and Peaceful.	Jungle Boogie	Kool & the Gang
performer	``I Believe in You (Je crois en toi)'' is a duet between Celine Dion and Il Divo, released as the third and last single from Dion's On ne change pas album, and first and only from Il Divo's Ancora.	I Believe in You (Je crois en toi)	Celine Dion	Il Divo
performer	Extra Innings is an album by the British band The Outfield.	Extra Innings	The Outfield
performer	Pogue Mahone is the seventh and last studio album by The Pogues, released in 1996.	Pogue Mahone	The Pogues
performer	First String is the debut album by American jazz group the String Trio of New York recorded in 1979 for the Italian Black Saint label.	First String	String Trio of New York
performer	This Is the Story is the debut studio album from The Proclaimers, released in 1987.	This Is the Story	The Proclaimers
performer	La Liberación is Brazilian band CSS's third studio album.	La Liberación	CSS
performer	Crazy Itch Radio is the fourth studio album by English electronic music duo Basement Jaxx.	Crazy Itch Radio	Basement Jaxx
performer	``I Know What I Like (In Your Wardrobe)'' was the first charting single by the rock band Genesis.	I Know What I Like (In Your Wardrobe)	Genesis
performer	Summer at Eureka is the third studio album by Australian rock musician Pete Murray.	Summer at Eureka	Pete Murray
performer	Fantasy 4ever (Chinese: 煙火的季節; pinyin: yan huo de ji jue; literally: ``Season of Fireworks'') is the second Mandarin studio album of Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boy band F4.	Fantasy 4ever	F4
performer	``Breaker 1/9'' is a song by Common, released in 1993 as the second single from his debut album Can I Borrow a Dollar?.	Breaker 1/9	Common
performer	Through the Trees is the third full-length album released by alternative country band The Handsome Family.	Through the Trees	The Handsome Family
performer	Kokomemedada is the fourth full-length studio album from Swedish band Komeda, and their third album sung in English.	Kokomemedada	Komeda
performer	``I See You (Theme from Avatar)'' (also referred to as ``I See You'') is the official theme song recorded by British singer Leona Lewis for the 2009 film Avatar, directed by James Cameron, and its accompanying soundtrack (2009).	I See You (Theme from Avatar)	Leona Lewis
performer	Rock & Roll Music to the World is the seventh studio album by the English blues rock band Ten Years After, released in 1972.	Rock & Roll Music to the World	Ten Years After
performer	``Black Tattoo'' is the first single by Grinspoon from their fifth studio album, Alibis & Other Lies.	Black Tattoo	Grinspoon
performer	``Chicken Huntin''' is a single by hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse, from their second studio album, Ringmaster.	Chicken Huntin'	Insane Clown Posse
performer	Mr. Simple (Hangul: 미스터 심플; RR: Miseuteo Shimpeul; reissue name A-CHa) is the award-winning fifth studio album of South Korean boy band Super Junior.	Mr. Simple	Super Junior
performer	Into a Secret Land is the third studio album from German singer Sandra, released in 1988.	Into a Secret Land	Sandra
performer	Born on Earth is the second studio album by singer/songwriter Rusty Anderson.	Born on Earth	Rusty Anderson
performer	An Orchestrated Rise to Fall is the debut LP by The Album Leaf, released in 1999.	An Orchestrated Rise to Fall	The Album Leaf
performer	At All is the tenth album by the actor Viggo Mortensen, released in 2008.	At All	Viggo Mortensen
performer	Manic Frustration is the fifth album by the American doom metal band Trouble, released in 1992.	Manic Frustration	Trouble
performer	``Wishing I Was There'' is a Pop rock song by Australian singer-songwriter Natalie Imbruglia, released on 31 May 1998 as the third single from her debut album Left of the Middle.	Wishing I Was There	Natalie Imbruglia
performer	Shivering King and Others is the fourth album of Washington, D.C. based band Dead Meadow.	Shivering King and Others	Dead Meadow
performer	To the Loveless is the seventh studio album by Japanese electronica/rock duo Boom Boom Satellites, their first full original album release since 2007.	To the Loveless	Boom Boom Satellites
performer	Transkripsi is the eleventh studio album from Malaysian pop singer-songwriter Siti Nurhaliza and has been touted as Malaysia's Best Album of 2006.	Transkripsi	Siti Nurhaliza
performer	Public Strain is the second album by Calgary band Women.	Public Strain	Women
performer	Sgt. Hetfield's Motorbreath Pub Band is the first published album from Beatallica.	Sgt. Hetfield's Motorbreath Pub Band	Beatallica
performer	Restless and Wild is the fourth studio album by German heavy metal band Accept, released in 1982 in Continental Europe and in 1983 in the US and UK.	Restless and Wild	Accept
performer	Fire of Love is the debut album of the American punk band The Gun Club, released in 1981 on Ruby Records.	Fire of Love	The Gun Club
performer	We Are the Romans is the second and final studio album by the American band Botch.	We Are the Romans	Botch
performer	Espectro (Portuguese for ``Specter'') is the sixth studio album by Brazilian psychedelic rock band Violeta de Outono, released on May 28, 2012 by Voiceprint Records.	Espectro	Violeta de Outono
performer	``Gifted Life'' is the first single from Australian hip hop group Downsyde's second album Land of the Giants.	Gifted Life	Downsyde
performer	1000 Hurts is the third full-length album by Shellac, released July 31, 2000 (see 2000 in music).	1000 Hurts	Shellac
performer	``Paris, Tokyo'' is a Grammy-nominated third single from Lupe Fiasco's second studio album Lupe Fiasco's The Cool.	Paris, Tokyo	Lupe Fiasco
performer	``Little Darling (I Need You)'' is a 1966 single written and produced by Holland-Dozier-Holland and recorded and released by Marvin Gaye on the Tamla label.	Little Darling (I Need You)	Marvin Gaye
performer	Minor Move is an album by American hard bop tenor Tina Brooks.	Minor Move	Tina Brooks
performer	``The Punk and the Godfather'' (titled ``The Punk Meets the Godfather'' on the US album) is the fifth track off of The Who's second rock opera, Quadrophenia.	The Punk and the Godfather	The Who
performer	Crows Fly Black is the seventh album by Finnish heavy metal band Tarot, released on 27 October 2006.	Crows Fly Black	Tarot
performer	Porch Life is a 2003 hip hop album by Boston ska punk band Big D and the Kids Table.	Porch Life	Big D and the Kids Table
performer	Little Lost Soul is the fifth album by Bristol, UK musician Matt Elliott under the name The Third Eye Foundation.	Little Lost Soul	Matt Elliott
performer	The Soft Bulletin is the ninth album released by The Flaming Lips on May 17, 1999 in the UK, with a US release following on June 22, 1999.	The Soft Bulletin	The Flaming Lips
performer	Screaming Target is the debut album by Jamaican deejay Big Youth.	Screaming Target	Big Youth
performer	``Timeless Melody'' is a pop song written by Liverpool singer/guitarist Lee Mavers and recorded by Mavers' band, The La's.	Timeless Melody	The La
performer	Dust on Mother's Bible is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos, released in 1966.	Dust on Mother's Bible	Buck Owens
performer	Crash Diagnostic is the final album by punk band Discount on New American Dream.	Crash Diagnostic	Discount
performer	Sweet Attention is the third full-length studio album by American indie rock band Rookie of the Year.	Sweet Attention	Rookie of the Year
performer	``Painted on My Heart'' is a single by The Cult, released in 2000 in promotion of the film Gone in 60 Seconds.	Painted on My Heart	The Cult
performer	``Hey, Man!'' is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado, produced by Gerald Eaton and Brian West for Furtado's debut album, Whoa, Nelly!.	Hey, Man!	Nelly Furtado
performer	The 2nd of May is the second LP from British/Canadian trio May Blitz.	The 2nd of May	May Blitz
performer	Available for Propaganda is the fourth studio album from the Italian nu metal band Linea 77.	Available for Propaganda	Linea 77
performer	``You Send Me'' is a song by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke, released on September 7, 1957 by Keen Records.	You Send Me	Sam Cooke
performer	``They Stood Up for Love'' is a song by alternative rock group Live, which was released as the third and final single from their 1999 album, The Distance to Here.	They Stood Up for Love	Live
performer	A Crow Left of the Murder... is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Incubus, released on February 3, 2004.	A Crow Left of the Murder...	Incubus
performer	Mein Tou Dekhoonga (Urdu: میں تو دیکھونگا, literal English translation: ``I will see it'') is a sociopolitical song single from the Pakistani pop rock band Strings, released on April 4, 2011.	Mein Tou Dekhoonga	Strings
performer	I-Ternal Fire is reggae, dancehall artist Capleton's twentieth studio album.	I-Ternal Fire	Capleton
performer	In the Halls of Awaiting is the debut album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Insomnium.	In the Halls of Awaiting	Insomnium
performer	The Enchantment is a 2007 album released on the Concord label by pianist Chick Corea and banjo virtuoso Béla Fleck.	The Enchantment	Chick Corea
performer	Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Co. is the debut album of synthesizer ensemble Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Company, independently released in 1973 through Earthquack Recordings.	Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Co.	Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Company
performer	High Havoc is the second LP offering from Corduroy.	High Havoc	Corduroy
performer	``Tip of My Tongue'' is a single by Tommy Quickly backed by The Remo Four.	Tip of My Tongue	Tommy Quickly
performer	Estrella de mar (English: Starfish) is the third studio album by the Spanish folk rock group Amaral released in Spain during 2002.	Estrella de mar	Amaral
performer	That's Just the Way I Want to Be is a 1970 (see 1970 in music) album by Blossom Dearie.	That's Just the Way I Want to Be	Blossom Dearie
performer	Currywurst mit Darm (German for Curried sausage with gut) is the 9th album by German rapper King Orgasmus One (aka Imbiss Bronko)	Currywurst mit Darm	King Orgasmus One
performer	The Courtauld Talks is a live album by English rock band Killing Joke.	The Courtauld Talks	Killing Joke
performer	Ignore the Ignorant found release on 7 September 2009 as the fourth studio album by British indie rock band The Cribs via Wichita Recordings, following the release of first single 'Cheat on Me' on 31 August.	Ignore the Ignorant	The Cribs
performer	Planet Fabulous was released in 1994 and was Something Happens' fourth studio album after the success of Stuck Together with God's Glue.	Planet Fabulous	Something Happens
performer	Perfectly Good Guitar was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's eleventh album, released in 1993.	Perfectly Good Guitar	John Hiatt
performer	``What R U Waiting 4'' is a pop-soft rock song written by Matthew Gerrard, Bridgit Benenate, Steve Booker for Australian singer-songwriter Tiffani Wood.	What R U Waiting 4	Tiffani Wood
performer	``We Connect'' was promoted on the television series The Facts of Life in the episode ``A Star is Torn'' in which Stacey Q portrayed the role of Cinnamon.	We Connect	Stacey Q
performer	``Ain't No Trick (It Takes Magic)'' is a song written by Jim Hurt and Steve Pippin, and recorded by the American country music artist Lee Greenwood.	Ain't No Trick (It Takes Magic)	Lee Greenwood
performer	Take it Sleezy is the debut album by American Glam Metal band Dirty Penny, released on August 2, 2007.	Take it Sleezy	Dirty Penny
performer	Local 604 is a 2002 album by Canadian hip hop group Sweatshop Union.	Local 604	Sweatshop Union
performer	Emigrante is the follow-up to the well-received début album, A Lo Cubano, by the Cuban hip hop band Orishas.	Emigrante	Orishas
performer	A New Perspective is a 1964 album by jazz trumpeter Donald Byrd released on the Blue Note label as BLP 4124 and BST 84124.	A New Perspective	Donald Byrd
performer	En händig man (A handy man) is a Swedish language album released by Swedish pop-rock singer and composer Per Gessle.	En händig man	Per Gessle
performer	What I Do is the twelfth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson.	What I Do	Alan Jackson
performer	Til Dovre Faller (English: Until the mountains of Dovre falls) is the second release the Norwegian folk metal band Glittertind.	Til Dovre Faller	Glittertind
performer	``Sub Templum'' is an album by British doom metal band Moss.	Sub Templum	Moss
performer	Babylónia (English: Babel) is a song by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1990.	Babylónia	Marika Gombitová
performer	1.22.03.Acoustic, so named for the date it was recorded live at the Hit Factory, New York, is a live EP by Californian band Maroon 5.	1.22.03.Acoustic	Maroon 5
performer	``Summer Cannibals'' is a rock song written by Patti Smith and Fred ``Sonic'' Smith, and released as a lead single from Patti Smith 1996 album Gone Again.	Summer Cannibals	Patti Smith
performer	``Divas Need Love Too'' is a single recorded by Klymaxx for the MCA label.	Divas Need Love Too	Klymaxx
performer	Aabaar Bochhor Kuri Pore(Bengali: আবার বছরকুড়ি পরে) was a Bengali album of the Bengali band Moheener Ghoraguli.	Aabaar Bochhor Kuri Pore	Moheener Ghoraguli
performer	The Old Days Feeling is a collection of out-of-print, reissued, and unreleased songs by Portland artist Mirah.	The Old Days Feeling	Mirah
performer	``Perfect Insanity'' is a song by the American heavy metal band Disturbed released as a promotional single from their fourth album Indestructible.	Perfect Insanity	Disturbed
performer	``White Prayer'' (typeset as WHITE PRAYER) is the 9th physical single and 10th overall maxi single from Alice Nine.	White Prayer	Alice Nine
performer	Not Quite Me is the second album by American singer/songwriter Tess Wiley, released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).	Not Quite Me	Tess Wiley
performer	Rockin' the Boat is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.	Rockin' the Boat	Jimmy Smith
performer	The Quiet Resistance is the third studio album by the Dutch gothic metal band Nemesea, released in 2011.	The Quiet Resistance	Nemesea
performer	Fight Test is an EP by The Flaming Lips featuring the song of the same name, released on Warner Bros. Records in 2003.	Fight Test	The Flaming Lips
performer	Sex, Life & Love is the second full-length studio disc from Rythm Syndicate, the dance-rock band founded by songwriter/producers Carl Sturken & Evan Rogers.	Sex, Life & Love	Rythm Syndicate
performer	Here Today, Tomorrow Next Week! was the second album by the Icelandic alternative rock-pop band The Sugarcubes, released in October 1989.	Here Today, Tomorrow Next Week!	The Sugarcubes
performer	Wicked Twisted Road is the fourth studio album by Red Dirt artist Reckless Kelly.	Wicked Twisted Road	Reckless Kelly
performer	``Saving My Face'' is a song performed by British singer KT Tunstall.	Saving My Face	KT Tunstall
performer	Burning Organ is an album released in 2002 by American rock musician Paul Gilbert, also a guitarist for the heavy metal band Racer X and formerly of the hard rock band Mr. Big.	Burning Organ	Paul Gilbert
performer	``Right Above It'' is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne, released as the first single from his eighth studio album, I Am Not a Human Being (2010).	Right Above It	Lil Wayne
performer	``Feels Like Another One'' is a 1991 single co-written and recorded by singer Patti LaBelle off her album, Burnin.	Feels Like Another One	Patti LaBelle
performer	``Traicionera'' is the second official single of the Chilean solo singer Américo.	Traicionera	Américo
performer	Tell Mama is the eighth studio album by American singer Etta James.	Tell Mama	Etta James
performer	``When We Stand Together'' is the lead single by the Canadian rock band Nickelback from their seventh studio album, Here and Now.	When We Stand Together	Nickelback
performer	Nun Chiagnere Marì (Neapolitan for Don't Cry, Mary) is the second studio album by Neapolitan parody singer-songwriter Tony Tammaro.	Nun Chiagnere Marì	Tony Tammaro
performer	``Dance, Dance (The Mexican)'' was the fourth and final single from Thalía's 2002 self-titled studio album; it is a remake of a 1984 song by Jellybean.	Dance, Dance (The Mexican)	Thalía
performer	Nothing Was the Same is the third studio album by Canadian recording artist Drake.	Nothing Was the Same	Drake
performer	Rage for Order is the second studio album by the American progressive heavy metal band Queensrÿche, released on June 27, 1986.	Rage for Order	Queensrÿche
performer	Anghellic is the third studio album released by Kansas City based rapper Tech N9ne on August 28, 2001.	Anghellic	Tech N9ne
performer	Horsin' Around is the sixth album and final album by Carrie Lucas.	Horsin' Around	Carrie Lucas
performer	B.P. Empire is the third album by Israeli psychedelic trance duo Infected Mushroom, released in May 2001 on Yoyo Records.	B.P. Empire	Infected Mushroom
performer	Paper Blood is the eighth studio album released by the band Royal Hunt.	Paper Blood	Royal Hunt
performer	Pog-O-Matic Pogómen 3000000 is a studio album by Luomuhappo, alias Jere Häkkinen.	Pog-O-Matic Pogómen 3000000	Luomuhappo
performer	``Bom Bom'' is a song by British-Dutch three-piece music group Sam and the Womp.	Bom Bom	Sam and the Womp
performer	Bump Ahead is the third studio album by the hard rock band Mr. Big.	Bump Ahead	Mr. Big
performer	Two Bones is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1958 but not released until the Japanese King Records label issued it in 1980 under license.	Two Bones	Curtis Fuller
performer	``Down Low (Nobody Has to Know)'' is an R&B song about infidelity, released as a single by R. Kelly and featuring The Isley Brothers, on his self-titled album, in 1995.	Down Low (Nobody Has to Know)	R. Kelly	The Isley Brothers
performer	Sonic Highways World Tour was a concert tour by American rock band Foo Fighters, in support of their eighth studio album Sonic Highways.	Sonic Highways World Tour	Foo Fighters
performer	``I Keep Looking'' is a song written by Tom Shapiro, Tony Martin, and co-written and recorded by American country artist Sara Evans.	I Keep Looking	Sara Evans
performer	``Deeper Understanding'' is a song by Kate Bush released as the lead single from the 2011 album Director's Cut.	Deeper Understanding	Kate Bush
performer	The Fifth of July is the seventh album by the Power pop band Watershed.	The Fifth of July	Watershed
performer	``Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon'' is a song by the British rock band Queen, originally released on their fourth studio album A Night at the Opera in 1975.	Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon	Queen
performer	An Absence of Empathy is a 2005 album by Frameshift.	An Absence of Empathy	Frameshift
performer	``You Keep Running Away'' is a Holland-Dozier-Holland composition originally recorded in 1967 by the Four Tops.	You Keep Running Away	Four Tops
performer	``Dokudanjou Beauty'' (独壇場Beauty) (English: Incomparable Beauty) is the twenty-ninth single by the Japanese rock band Buck Tick, released on March 24, 2010.	Dokudanjou Beauty	Buck Tick
performer	Big Bad Noise is the second album by Australian rock band The Choirboys which was released in 1988.	Big Bad Noise	The Choirboys
performer	``Girl Don't Come'' is a song, a Chris Andrews composition, that was a number 3 UK hit in the UK Singles Chart for Sandie Shaw in 1964--65.	Girl Don't Come	Sandie Shaw
performer	Wahoo! is an album by American pianist and arranger Duke Pearson, featuring performances recorded in 1964 and released on the Blue Note label in 1965.	Wahoo!	Duke Pearson
performer	``All It Takes'' is New Zealand band Stellar's seventh, and their first single from their second album Magic Line.	All It Takes	Stellar
performer	``Miss Chatelaine'' is a song by k.d. lang on the album Ingénue.	Miss Chatelaine	k.d. lang
performer	``Feels Good'' is the title of a number-one R&B single by Tony! Toni! Toné! featuring a rap verse by Mopreme Shakur.	Feels Good	Tony! Toni! Toné
performer	Preteen Weaponry is the ninth full length album by Brooklyn-based Alternative rock/Indie rock/Krautrock/Psychedelic rock band Oneida.	Preteen Weaponry	Oneida
performer	``Mama Do (Uh Oh, Uh Oh)'' (also known as ``Mama Do'') is a song by English recording artist Pixie Lott from her debut album, Turn It Up (2009).	Mama Do (Uh Oh, Uh Oh)	Pixie Lott
performer	Friends4Ever is Pip Skid's debut solo album released in 2001.	Friends4Ever	Pip Skid
performer	Slow Focus is the third album by Fuck Buttons, released on 22 July 2013.	Slow Focus	Fuck Buttons
performer	All Join In is the thirteenth studio album and third children's album by Kenny Loggins.	All Join In	Kenny Loggins
performer	Prosperous and Qualified is the second album by free jazz ensemble Universal Congress Of, released in 1988 through SST.	Prosperous and Qualified	Universal Congress Of
performer	Hard Normal Daddy is a 1997 studio album by British electronic musician Tom Jenkinson under his alias of Squarepusher.	Hard Normal Daddy	Squarepusher
performer	Power & the Glory is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1983 (see 1983 in music).	Power & the Glory	Saxon
performer	``That's the Way Boys Are'' is a song written by Mark Barkan and Ben Raleigh and initially sung by Lesley Gore and released in 1964 as a single and on Gore's 3rd album Boys, Boys, Boys.	That's the Way Boys Are	Lesley Gore
performer	Havestar is the first EP by the Illinois-based industrial band I: Scintilla.	Havestar	I: Scintilla
performer	``Playaz Club'' is the lead single from Rappin' 4-Tay's second album, Don't Fight the Feelin'.	Playaz Club	Rappin' 4-Tay
performer	``Short Skirt/Long Jacket'' is the first single by American alternative rock band Cake from their 2001 album Comfort Eagle.	Short Skirt/Long Jacket	Cake
performer	Habits & Contradictions is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Schoolboy Q, released January 14, 2012, exclusively on iTunes, under Top Dawg Entertainment.	Habits & Contradictions	Schoolboy Q
performer	``Glasgow Mega-Snake'' is a song by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai from their fifth album, Mr. Beast.	Glasgow Mega-Snake	Mogwai
performer	Bachbusters, Music of Johann Sebastian Bach as realized by Don Dorsey on digital and other authentic period synthesizers.	Bachbusters	Don Dorsey
performer	Exit Paradise is the fourth and final studio release by the San Francisco Bay area thrash metal band Epidemic.	Exit Paradise	Epidemic
performer	A New Stereophonic Sound Spectacular is the first album by the Belgian band Hooverphonic when the band was only known as Hoover.	A New Stereophonic Sound Spectacular	Hooverphonic
performer	Heroes of Earth (simplified Chinese: 盖世英雄; traditional Chinese: 蓋世英雄; pinyin: gàishì yīngxióng) is American-Taiwanese R&B Mandopop singer-songwriter Leehom Wang's eleventh Mandarin studio album.	Heroes of Earth	Leehom Wang
performer	Light of Love is a US-only album released by British rock band T. Rex in 1974.	Light of Love	T. Rex
performer	Basie Big Band is a 1975 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra.	Basie Big Band	Count Basie
performer	Queen Secret Keeper is the twelfth studio album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke, released in 2001.	Queen Secret Keeper	Judie Tzuke
performer	Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die! is the fourth studio album by American rock band Panic! at the Disco, released on October 8, 2013 on Decaydance and Fueled by Ramen.	Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die!	Panic! at the Disco
performer	``Stranger on the Shore'' is a piece for clarinet written by Acker Bilk for his young daughter and originally named ``Jenny'' after her.	Stranger on the Shore	Acker Bilk
performer	Here I Am Again is a 1972 studio album by American country music singer-songwriter, Loretta Lynn.	Here I Am Again	Loretta Lynn
performer	Locust Abortion Technician is the third full-length studio album by American experimental punk band Butthole Surfers, released in March 1987.	Locust Abortion Technician	Butthole Surfers
performer	``We'll Burn That Bridge'' is a song written by Don Cook and Ronnie Dunn and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn.	We'll Burn That Bridge	Brooks & Dunn
performer	``Todo, Todo, Todo'' (``Everything, Everything, Everything'') is a song written by Jorsaci, produced by Bebu Silvetti, and performed by Mexican singer-songwriter Daniela Romo.	Todo, Todo, Todo	Daniela Romo
performer	``(You're My) Dream Come True'' (also known as ``Dream Come True'') is a 1962 single by The Temptations.	(You're My) Dream Come True	The Temptations
performer	The Soul Cages is the third full length studio album released by Sting.	The Soul Cages	Sting
performer	Cowboy Songs Four is the twenty-first album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey, his fourth album of cowboy songs, and his first album produced by his son, Ryan Murphey.	Cowboy Songs Four	Michael Martin Murphey
performer	Night Lady is an album by saxophonist Johnny Griffin recorded in West Germany in 1963 and originally released on the Philips label but later released on EmArcy Records.	Night Lady	Johnny Griffin
performer	Polar AC is a compilation album by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard.	Polar AC	Freddie Hubbard
performer	Hard Way is the eighth album of the Japanese hard rock band Show-Ya.	Hard Way	Show-Ya
performer	Death's Design is Blakkheim's fourth and final album, released under the moniker of Diabolical Masquerade and his most experimental.	Death's Design	Diabolical Masquerade
performer	``Undercover of the Night'' is the lead track and first single from English rock and roll band The Rolling Stones' 1983 album Undercover.	Undercover of the Night	The Rolling Stones
performer	Tomorrow's Modern Boxes is the second solo album by Thom Yorke of the English alternative rock band Radiohead.	Tomorrow's Modern Boxes	Thom Yorke
performer	Telling Stories is the fifth album by American singer/songwriter Tracy Chapman, released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).	Telling Stories	Tracy Chapman
performer	I Love My Music is the third studio album, released in 1978 by Wild Cherry.	I Love My Music	Wild Cherry
performer	Enter the Chicken is the fourteenth studio album by musician Buckethead.	Enter the Chicken	Buckethead
performer	Born Too Late is the third studio album by the American doom metal band Saint Vitus, which was released in 1986.	Born Too Late	Saint Vitus
performer	Everyone into Position is the second studio album by British progressive rock band Oceansize, released on 19 September 2005 on Beggars Banquet.	Everyone into Position	Oceansize
performer	``5 Minutes Alone'' is a song by American heavy metal band Pantera from their 1994 album Far Beyond Driven.	5 Minutes Alone	Pantera
performer	Roots to Branches is the 19th studio album by the British band Jethro Tull released in September 1995.	Roots to Branches	Jethro Tull
performer	Comin' Out Fighting is the fifth album by the hard rock band Sinner released in 1986.	Comin' Out Fighting	Sinner
performer	Esena Perimeno (Greek: Εσένα Περιμένω; English: I'm waiting for you) is the second studio album by Greek singer Despina Vandi.	Esena Perimeno	Despina Vandi
performer	``I Cross My Heart'' is a song written by Steve Dorff and Eric Kaz, and performed by American country music artist George Strait.	I Cross My Heart	George Strait
performer	Longing Was a Safe Place to Hide is the second and final full-length album released by Melbourne band Love Outside Andromeda.	Longing Was a Safe Place to Hide	Love Outside Andromeda
performer	``Rude Mood'' is the sixth track on Stevie Ray Vaughan's debut album Texas Flood.	Rude Mood	Stevie Ray Vaughan
performer	A Hillbilly Tribute to Mountain Love is the second album by American band Hayseed Dixie, released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).	A Hillbilly Tribute to Mountain Love	Hayseed Dixie
performer	The Majestic Majesty is the acoustic accompaniment to Portugal. The Man's fourth full length album The Satanic Satanist and features all of the album's songs performed acoustically, except the track ``Let You Down.''	The Majestic Majesty	Portugal. The Man
performer	``Broke My Eyes'' is an English language hit in Norway for the Norwegian band Donkeyboy, their third most successful single after ``Ambitions'' (13 weeks at the top of the Norwegian Singles Chart) and ``Sometimes'', their second single (8 weeks on top of the charts).	Broke My Eyes	Donkeyboy
performer	Live and Sleazy is the fifth album by the Village People and features a mixture of live and studio recordings.	Live and Sleazy	Village People
performer	Sex with an X is the second studio album by the Scottish alternative rock band The Vaselines, which was released on 14 September 2010 on Sub Pop. The first single from the album, ``I Hate The 80's'' was released on 10 June 2010.	Sex with an X	The Vaselines
performer	Kings of the Wild Frontier is the second album by English new wave band Adam and the Ants.	Kings of the Wild Frontier	Adam and the Ants
performer	Cimarron Manifesto is a 2007 album by red dirt singer-songwriter Jimmy LaFave.	Cimarron Manifesto	Jimmy LaFave
performer	``Where the Poor Boys Dance'' is a song originally recorded by Lulu.	Where the Poor Boys Dance	Lulu
performer	Cantora 1 is a studio album by the late Argentine singer Mercedes Sosa.	Cantora 1	Mercedes Sosa
performer	``DJ, Ease My Mind'' is a single by Swedish recording group Niki & The Dove, from their debut studio album Instinct.	DJ, Ease My Mind	Niki & The Dove
performer	``Next Year'' is a song released as the last single from the third Foo Fighters' album There Is Nothing Left to Lose.	Next Year	Foo Fighters
performer	``Little Lover's So Polite'' is a song by American indie rock band Silversun Pickups, taken from their debut album, Carnavas.	Little Lover's So Polite	Silversun Pickups
performer	``If You Don't Mean It'' is a pop song written by Chris Braide, Carl Falk and Didrik Thott, recorded by Dean Geyer for his first album Rush (2007).	If You Don't Mean It	Dean Geyer
performer	Float Away Deconstructed is an album released by the band Marah in 2005.	Float Away Deconstructed	Marah
performer	``Baby Cakes'' is the only single by the British garage trio 3 of a Kind.	Baby Cakes	3 of a Kind
performer	A Gershwin Fantasia is the seventh solo album by jazz pianist Mike Garson, and was released in 1992.	A Gershwin Fantasia	Mike Garson
performer	``And the Sun Will Shine'' is a song by the British rock band Bee Gees, it was written by Barry Gibb, Robin Gibb and Maurice Gibb and released in February 1968 on the album Horizontal.	And the Sun Will Shine	Bee Gees
performer	Riding a Black Unicorn Down the Side of an Erupting Volcano While Drinking from a Chalice Filled with the Laughter of Small Children (more commonly referred to by its abbreviated name Riding a Black Unicorn...) is the eighth studio album by Cuban American dark cabaret singer Voltaire, released on September 2, 2011.	Riding a Black Unicorn Down the Side of an Erupting Volcano While Drinking from a Chalice Filled with the Laughter of Small Children	Voltaire
performer	Please Tomorrow is the seventh studio album from the actor Viggo Mortensen and the fifth collaboration with the avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, released in 2004.	Please Tomorrow	Viggo Mortensen
performer	Long Road Out of Eden is the seventh studio album by American rock group the Eagles, released in 2007 on Lost Highway Records.	Long Road Out of Eden	Eagles
performer	Second Toughest in the Infants is the fourth album by Underworld, and the second in their ``MK2'' line-up with Darren Emerson.	Second Toughest in the Infants	Underworld
performer	``I Got the Wherewithal'' is a song recorded by British group Theaudience, released as the group's debut single on 27 October 1997.	I Got the Wherewithal	Theaudience
performer	Elect the Dead is the debut album by rock musician Serj Tankian, lead singer and founding member of Armenian-American metal quartet System of a Down.	Elect the Dead	Serj Tankian
performer	``Feel the Spin'' is a song by the American vocalist Debbie Harry, featured on the soundtrack album for the film Krush Groove (1985).	Feel the Spin	Debbie Harry
performer	The Enraged Will Inherit the Earth was the second album by the band McCarthy.	The Enraged Will Inherit the Earth	McCarthy
performer	The Man Who Sold the World is the third studio album by English rock artist David Bowie.	The Man Who Sold the World	David Bowie
performer	``She's on It'' is a song by American hip-hop group the Beastie Boys.	She's on It	Beastie Boys
performer	``Kanashimi wa Kitto'' is the 14th single released by the Japanese rock band Uverworld.	Kanashimi wa Kitto	Uverworld
performer	``Hasta Mañana'' (Spanish for ``Until tomorrow''), which originally was titled ``Who's Gonna Love You?'', is the fourth track on Swedish pop group ABBA's second studio album, Waterloo.	Hasta Mañana	ABBA
performer	Walk into Light (1983) is the debut album released by Jethro Tull frontman Ian Anderson.	Walk into Light	Ian Anderson
performer	Every Face Tells a Story is a 1977 album by Cliff Richard, the follow-up to Richard's comeback album, I'm Nearly Famous.	Every Face Tells a Story	Cliff Richard
performer	Darklore Manor is the debut album by gothic horror musical duo Nox Arcana.	Darklore Manor	Nox Arcana
performer	Cinematix is the fifth solo album by Robby Krieger, former guitarist of The Doors.	Cinematix	Robby Krieger
performer	``Early 1970'' is a song by English musician Ringo Starr, released in April 1971 as the B-side to his hit single ``It Don't Come Easy''.	Early 1970	Ringo Starr
performer	``Pa' Bailar'' is Bajofondo's first single from their third studio album Mar Dulce.	Pa' Bailar	Bajofondo
performer	``Love Goes Down'' is the fifth single from British songwriter and rapper Plan B's second studio album, The Defamation of Strickland Banks.	Love Goes Down	Plan B
performer	Little Sparks is the third album by Delorentos released in 2012.	Little Sparks	Delorentos
performer	Welcome to the Jang House is the second studio album by the Philadelphian rap group, Plastic Little.	Welcome to the Jang House	Plastic Little
performer	``A Moment Changes Everything'' is the first single taken from David Gray's ninth studio album Foundling.	A Moment Changes Everything	David Gray
performer	Paintings in My Mind is the second full-length studio release (third, if the ``Republic of Idols'' EP is counted) from pianist and singer-songwriter Tommy Page.	Paintings in My Mind	Tommy Page
performer	Un grito en el corazón is the second studio album for eurodance musician Lynda Thomas, which was released in 1997.	Un grito en el corazón	Lynda Thomas
performer	Sotakoira (trans. War Dog) is the 9th album of Finnish heavy metal/rock band Kotiteollisuus.	Sotakoira	Kotiteollisuus
performer	Bizarre Fruit II is an reissued and expanded version of M People's 1994 Bizarre Fruit album, with the single versions of ``Search for the Hero'' and ``Love Rendezvous'' in place of the originals, and including the band's cover of the Small Faces' ``Itchycoo Park''.	Bizarre Fruit II	M People
performer	The Slim Shady LP is the second studio album by American rapper Eminem, and also his first on a major label.	The Slim Shady LP	Eminem
performer	The High End of Low is the seventh full-length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson.	The High End of Low	Marilyn Manson
performer	Torch This Place is an album made in 1999 by The Atomic Fireballs.	Torch This Place	Atomic Fireballs
performer	``Love Will Come Through'' is the third single released from Indie band Travis' fourth studio album, 12 Memories.	Love Will Come Through	Travis
performer	Talumpati (lit. speech or address) is the 5th (overall) studio album and his last album for Sony Music of Filipino rapper, Gloc-9.	Talumpati	Gloc-9
performer	``A Lover's Question'' is a 1958 pop/R&B hit for Clyde McPhatter.	A Lover's Question	Clyde McPhatter
performer	Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus is the fourth album by the American psychedelic rock group Spirit.	Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus	Spirit
performer	Big World Small World is an album by the Bristol-based group Smith & Mighty, released on !	Big World Small World	Smith & Mighty
performer	Famous Places is the third album of American ambient musician Keith Kenniff under the Goldmund moniker.	Famous Places	Keith Kenniff
performer	La Voz de un Ángel (Voice of An Angel), is Yuridia's debut album.	La Voz de un Ángel	Yuridia
performer	The State of Mind Report is the sixth studio album by Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers.	The State of Mind Report	Acid Drinkers
performer	Scars Remain is the sixth album by Christian alternative metal group Disciple, released November 7, 2006.	Scars Remain	Disciple
performer	``What I Am'' is a song written by Edie Brickell and Kenny Withrow and recorded by Edie Brickell & New Bohemians for their debut album, Shooting Rubberbands at the Stars (1988).	What I Am	Edie Brickell & New Bohemians
performer	(guitar, vocal) is a 1976 album by Richard Thompson.	(guitar, vocal)	Richard Thompson
performer	``If You Feel the Funk'' was the debut single from artist La Toya Jackson.	If You Feel the Funk	La Toya Jackson
performer	Can't Keep a Secret (stylized can'T keEp A SecrEt) is the second album by Canadian pop punk band Faber Drive.	Can't Keep a Secret	Faber Drive
performer	``Tengo Todo Excepto a Ti'' (``I Have Everything But You'') is a pop song written, produced, and arranged by Juan Carlos Calderón, and performed by Mexican singer Luis Miguel.	Tengo Todo Excepto a Ti	Luis Miguel
performer	Tales from the Dead West is the first full-length album from Ghoultown, released in 2000 on Angry Planet Records.	Tales from the Dead West	Ghoultown
performer	``Um bei dir zu sein'' is the sixth single from Christina Stürmer's fourth album, Lebe Lauter.	Um bei dir zu sein	Christina Stürmer
performer	Powder Snow was the second album by Megumi Odaka (1989).	Powder Snow	Megumi Odaka
performer	Of Doom and Death is the second full-length album by the German power metal band Savage Circus.	Of Doom and Death	Savage Circus
performer	``Death Valley '69'' is a song by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth and featuring Lydia Lunch.	Death Valley '69	Sonic Youth
performer	``Sex Room'' is a song recorded by Ludacris for his seventh studio album, Battle of the Sexes.	Sex Room	Ludacris
performer	Drivin' N Cryin' was impressed by Johns' work with Rod Stewart and Cinderella and wanted him to produce Fly Me Courageous.	Fly Me Courageous	Drivin' N Cryin
performer	``Respect the Wind'' is a lengthy keyboard and electric guitar instrumental track written and performed by Edward and Alex Van Halen.	Respect the Wind	Alex Van Halen
performer	``Vas a Salvarte'' (You Will Save Yourself) is a pop rock song performed by Argentine band Erreway.	Vas a Salvarte	Erreway
performer	Turtleneck & Chain is the second studio album of the American comedy troupe The Lonely Island, whose members are Andy Samberg, Akiva Schaffer, and Jorma Taccone.	Turtleneck & Chain	The Lonely Island
performer	``Queen B.'' is the first single released from the album ``V'' Is for Vagina by Puscifer.	Queen B.	Puscifer
performer	``Stoned to the Bone'', titled ``Stone to the Bone'' in some releases, is a song written and recorded by James Brown.	Stoned to the Bone	James Brown
performer	Nakitai Nara (If I Want to Cry) is the twenty-seventh single released by J-Pop singer Hitomi Shimatani.	Nakitai Nara	Hitomi Shimatani
performer	``A Box Full of Sharp Objects'' is the first single from The Used's self-titled debut album.	A Box Full of Sharp Objects	The Used
performer	Salutations from the Ghetto Nation is the third album by the American heavy metal band Warrior Soul, released in 1992.	Salutations from the Ghetto Nation	Warrior Soul
performer	``Theme from Shaft,'' written and recorded by Isaac Hayes in 1971, is the soul and funk-styled theme song to the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film, Shaft.	Theme from Shaft	Isaac Hayes
performer	``Our Day Will Come'' is a popular song composed by Bob Hilliard and Mort Garson, which was a million-selling No. 1 chart hit in 1963 for Ruby & the Romantics.	Our Day Will Come	Ruby & the Romantics
performer	Live at the Cellar Door is a live album by Neil Young, featuring performances from his six 1970 concerts in Washington D.C. It was released on December 10, 2013.	Live at the Cellar Door	Neil Young
performer	``Woh Ladki Hai Kahan'' (Hindi: वो लड़की है कहाँ?, English: Where's that Girl?) is a 2001 song from the movie Dil Chahta Hai, composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, performed by Shaan, Kavita Krishnamurthy, and written by Javed Akhtar.	Woh Ladki Hai Kahan	Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy
performer	Uzi Does It is the debut album from Get Busy Committee, which was released on October 27, 2009 through Tokyo Sex Whale Records.	Uzi Does It	Get Busy Committee
performer	``Constant Craving'' is a song written by k.d. lang and Ben Mink, and performed by k.d.	Constant Craving	k.d. lang
performer	Seven and the Ragged Tiger is the third studio album by the English pop rock band Duran Duran, released in November 1983.	Seven and the Ragged Tiger	Duran Duran
performer	``Until the Night'' is a song written by Billy Joel who introduced it on his 1978 album 52nd Street.	Until the Night	Billy Joel
performer	First You Live is the title of Dusty Rhodes and the River Band's second album, released on October 19, 2007.	First You Live	Dusty Rhodes and the River Band
performer	``Don't Wanna Go Home'' is a song by American recording artist Jason Derulo, released as the lead single from his second studio album, Future History, on May 20, 2011.	Don't Wanna Go Home	Jason Derulo
performer	``Las Cosas Pequeñas'' (English: ``The Little Things'') is a Latin pop and bachata song by American recording artist Prince Royce.	Las Cosas Pequeñas	Prince Royce
performer	``Mustaa kahvia'' (English: Black Coffee) is a Finnish-language song by Finnish singer Jenni Vartiainen, released as the second promotional single from her debut album Ihmisten edessä on March 17, 2008, by Warner Music Finland.	Mustaa kahvia	Jenni Vartiainen
performer	Ruled is the fifth full-length LP by The Giraffes.	Ruled	The Giraffes
performer	No Time to Bleed is the second studio album by American deathcore band Suicide Silence.	No Time to Bleed	Suicide Silence
performer	``Something Happened to Me Yesterday'' is the closing track of The Rolling Stones' 1967 album Between the Buttons.	Something Happened to Me Yesterday	The Rolling Stones
performer	Tot ce e bun tre' să dispară (``Everything That's Good Has Got To Go'') is the 17th studio album by Romanian rap group Paraziții.	Tot ce e bun tre' să dispară	Paraziții
performer	Gimme Five is the second album by the Canadian alternative rock band The Killjoys.	Gimme Five	The Killjoys
performer	``Chhookar Mere Man Ko Kiya Toone Kya Ishaara'' is a song from the 1981 Hindi film Yaarana, sung by Kishore Kumar.	Chhookar Mere Man Ko Kiya Toone Kya Ishaara	Kishore Kumar
performer	``Rap Name'' is the debut single of American rapper Obie Trice, released as a limited edition vinyl recording, taken from the deluxe edition of the soundtrack to the film 8 Mile.	Rap Name	Obie Trice
performer	``Communication Break'' is Aya Kamiki's first major single, and the title track was the ending theme song of the CDTV during March.	Communication Break	Aya Kamiki
performer	Sound of Impact is an official live bootleg by the post-hardcore band Big Black.	Sound of Impact	Big Black
performer	``(Hey Won't You Play) Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song'' is an American country and pop song made famous by B.J. Thomas.	(Hey Won't You Play) Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song	B.J. Thomas
performer	Spitshine is the third studio album by Australian hip hop artist and member of The Herd, Urthboy.	Spitshine	Urthboy
performer	``U Make My Sun Shine'' is a song by Prince, released on April 10, 2001.	U Make My Sun Shine	Prince
performer	Image Is Everything is Jughead's Revenge's fourth studio album, released in 1996.	Image Is Everything	Jughead's Revenge
performer	``Flagpole Sitta'' is a song by American rock band Harvey Danger from their 1997 debut album, Where Have All the Merrymakers Gone?.	Flagpole Sitta	Harvey Danger
performer	Syrophenikan is an album by Canadian ambient/electronic music group Delerium in 1990.	Syrophenikan	Delerium
performer	Gravel & Wine is the second album from New Zealand pop singer Gin Wigmore, released in New Zealand on 7 November 2011.	Gravel & Wine	Gin Wigmore
performer	Cheepnis is a song by Frank Zappa and The Mothers, which is a tribute to B-movies.	Cheepnis	Frank Zappa
performer	``Sexy in Latin'' was the fifth single to be released by Little Man Tate.	Sexy in Latin	Little Man Tate
performer	``Lost Without Each Other'' is a song written and performed by American pop-rock band Hanson.	Lost Without Each Other	Hanson
performer	Free the Music is the fourth and second major-label studio album by American country music artist Jerrod Niemann.	Free the Music	Jerrod Niemann
performer	Numbers & Mumbles (2004) is the second full-length release by Say Hi.	Numbers & Mumbles	Say Hi
performer	Sign of the Winner is the second full-length album by the French power metal band Heavenly.	Sign of the Winner	Heavenly
performer	Want Two is the fourth album by American-Canadian singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright.	Want Two	Rufus Wainwright
performer	``I Guess I'll Miss the Man'' is a song written by Stephen Schwartz and released as a single by Motown singing group The Supremes in 1972 from their album The Supremes Produced and Arranged by Jimmy Webb.	I Guess I'll Miss the Man	The Supremes
performer	13's Reborn is the debut album released by Girugamesh on September 27, 2006.	13's Reborn	Girugamesh
performer	Elements of Persuasion, released March 29, 2005, is Dream Theater lead singer James LaBrie's third solo album, his first two being Keep It to Yourself and MullMuzzler 2, which were released under his band MullMuzzler.	Elements of Persuasion	James LaBrie
performer	Best of The Doobies Volume II is a compilation album by the rock band The Doobie Brothers, released in 1981.	Best of The Doobies Volume II	The Doobie Brothers
performer	``Gravity Grave'' is a song by English rock band The Verve and was released as the band's third single in the United Kingdom on 5 October 1992 (see 1992 in British music) by Hut Recordings.	Gravity Grave	The Verve
performer	Athlit is an album by ambient musician Oöphoi.	Athlit	Oöphoi
performer	First recorded in 1968 by Barbara Acklin, ``Am I the Same Girl'' charted most successfully in the US as a 1992 release by Swing Out Sister.	Am I the Same Girl	Barbara Acklin
performer	``Despre tine'' (English: About you) is the third single release from O-Zone's second album Number 1, and came back in their last album, DiscO-Zone.	Despre tine	O-Zone
performer	``Talk Me Down'' (stylized as ``TALK ME DOWN'') is a song by Australian singer and songwriter Troye Sivan from his debut studio album Blue Neighbourhood (2015).	Talk Me Down	Troye Sivan
performer	``One Less Set of Footsteps'' is a 1973 single written and recorded by Jim Croce.	One Less Set of Footsteps	Jim Croce
performer	New Wave Hot Dogs is the second album released, in 1987, by alternative rock band Yo La Tengo.	New Wave Hot Dogs	Yo La Tengo
performer	Remind Me in 3 Days... is the debut studio album by American alternative hip hop duo The Knux, released in 2008.	Remind Me in 3 Days...	The Knux
performer	The Hottest Night of the Year is a studio album by Canadian country music artist Anne Murray.	The Hottest Night of the Year	Anne Murray
performer	``He's Back and I'm Blue'' is a song written by Robert Anderson and Michael Woody, and recorded by American country rock group The Desert Rose Band.	He's Back and I'm Blue	The Desert Rose Band
performer	The Astral Factor is the first full-length album by Swedish progressive rock band Waterclime.	The Astral Factor	Waterclime
performer	Harsh Generation is the third album release by Dutch Aggrotech band, Grendel.	Harsh Generation	Grendel
performer	Playin' to Win is the fourth album by American southern rock band Outlaws, released in 1978.	Playin' to Win	Outlaws
performer	``Cemetery Gates'' is a power ballad by American heavy metal band Pantera.	Cemetery Gates	Pantera
performer	``1000 Dreams'' is a song performed by French recording duo Miss Kittin & The Hacker, taken from their second studio album, Two.	1000 Dreams	Miss Kittin	The Hacker
performer	Cult Fiction is the third studio album by Virginia based metalcore band Spitfire.	Cult Fiction	Spitfire
performer	``Spasticus Autisticus'' is a song written by Ian Dury and co-written by Chaz Jankel, released both as a single and on the album Lord Upminster.	Spasticus Autisticus	Ian Dury
performer	``A Little Too Not Over You'' is the official second single by American Idol season 7 runner up David Archuleta, taken from his self-titled debut album.	A Little Too Not Over You	David Archuleta
performer	Patashnik (1994) is an ambient house album, the second release by musician Biosphere (alias Geir Jenssen).	Patashnik	Biosphere
performer	Touch Me! is Japanese singer-songwriter Mai Kuraki's eighth studio album, which was released on January 21, 2009, in Japan by her record label Northern Music.	Touch Me!	Mai Kuraki
performer	Sound of Love is a live album by jazz drummer Paul Motian recorded at the Village Vanguard in 1995 and on the Winter & Winter label in 1997.	Sound of Love	Paul Motian
performer	``Never Can Say Goodbye'' is a song written by Clifton Davis and originally recorded by The Jackson 5.	Never Can Say Goodbye	The Jackson 5
performer	Whispers and Promises is an instrumental-pop studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1989.	Whispers and Promises	Earl Klugh
performer	Identisick is the fourth studio album by French death metal band Benighted.	Identisick	Benighted
performer	Habítame Siempre (English: Live in me always) is the eleventh studio album by Mexican recording artist Thalía, released on November 19, 2012 by Sony Music Latin.	Habítame Siempre	Thalía
performer	No Smoke, No Mirrors is British band The Holloways' second studio album, released on 5 October 2009.	No Smoke, No Mirrors	The Holloways
performer	Dünya Yalan Söylüyor (The World is Telling Lies) is the fourth studio album of Turkish Alternative rock band Mor ve Ötesi.	Dünya Yalan Söylüyor	Mor ve Ötesi
performer	Brown and Orange is an album by the Australian folk comedian The Bedroom Philosopher (Justin Heazlewood) released in February 2009.	Brown and Orange	The Bedroom Philosopher
performer	The Attitude Song is the sixth song of guitarist Steve Vai's debut solo album Flex-Able which was released in 1984.	The Attitude Song	Steve Vai
performer	``Atrévete-te-te'' (English: Dare Yourself-self-self) is a Grammy-Nominated reggaeton song by Puerto Rican urban duo Calle 13 from their eponymous debut album Calle 13, released in February 2006, by White Lion Records.	Atrévete-te-te	Calle 13
performer	I'd Rather Suck My Thumb is the fourth album by American blues guitarist Mel Brown recorded in 1969 for the Impulse! label.	I'd Rather Suck My Thumb	Mel Brown
performer	``Get Right'' is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her fourth studio album, Rebirth (2005).	Get Right	Jennifer Lopez
performer	Parceria dos Viajantes is the eighteenth album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho.	Parceria dos Viajantes	Zé Ramalho
performer	``Taste the Pain'' is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from the album Mother's Milk, and was the third and final single from that album.	Taste the Pain	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	To All My Friends in Far-Flung Places is a 1994 album by Dave Van Ronk, the theme of which was to perform versions of songs written by people he knew.	To All My Friends in Far-Flung Places	Dave Van Ronk
performer	Quick Change World is the fourth solo album released by Ric Ocasek, who was the lead singer and songwriter for The Cars.	Quick Change World	Ric Ocasek
performer	``14 Years'' is the second track on the Guns N' Roses album Use Your Illusion II.	14 Years	Guns N' Roses
performer	A Private Heaven, released in 1984, was the seventh album release by Scottish singer Sheena Easton.	A Private Heaven	Sheena Easton
performer	``Lee Majors Come Again'' is a song by alternative hip hop group Beastie Boys, released as the first single from their eighth studio album Hot Sauce Committee Part Two (2011).	Lee Majors Come Again	Beastie Boys
performer	``We Won't Give In'' is the final single from the album You Boyz Make Big Noize by rock band Slade.	We Won't Give In	Slade
performer	``Cuando Me Enamoro'' (English: ``When I Fall in Love'') is a Latin pop song written and performed by Spanish pop singer-songwriter Enrique Iglesias and featuring Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra released on 26 April 2010, as the first single from his ninth studio album.	Cuando Me Enamoro	Enrique Iglesias	Juan Luis Guerra
performer	Blood of the Earth is the twenty-fourth studio album (twenty-sixth overall) by the British space rock group Hawkwind, released on 21 June 2010.	Blood of the Earth	Hawkwind
performer	Expatriape is the first album by Hairy Apes BMX released 1999.	Expatriape	Hairy Apes BMX
performer	``Need You to Show Me'' is the debut single of Australian band Rogue Traders.	Need You to Show Me	Rogue Traders
performer	Invocation of Magick is the ninth album by Runemagick.	Invocation of Magick	Runemagick
performer	Absurd-Ditties is the seventh full-length album by the Punk band Toy Dolls.	Absurd-Ditties	Toy Dolls
performer	``If I Can Dream'' is a song made famous by Elvis Presley, written by Walter Earl Brown and notable for its direct quotations of Martin Luther King, Jr..	If I Can Dream	Elvis Presley
performer	Billion Dollar Gravy is a drum n bass album by London Elektricity released in 2003.	Billion Dollar Gravy	London Elektricity
performer	``(The System of) Dr. Tarr and Professor Fether'' is a 1976 single by The Alan Parsons Project which first appeared on their album Tales of Mystery and Imagination:	(The System of) Dr. Tarr and Professor Fether	The Alan Parsons Project
performer	Room No. 382 is a remix album by Miyavi released on December 24, 2008.	Room No. 382	Miyavi
performer	``Affair of the Heart'' is a hit song performed by rock musician Rick Springfield.	Affair of the Heart	Rick Springfield
performer	Abriendo las puertas al amor is the fourth single from La Chica Dorada , the first album by Mexican pop diva Paulina Rubio.	Abriendo las puertas al amor	Paulina Rubio
performer	Midnight Wire is the fifth studio album by Curved Air and was recorded in 1975.	Midnight Wire	Curved Air
performer	Tokyo Day Trip is a live EP by Pat Metheny, Christian McBride and Antonio Sanchez, referred to on the official Pat Metheny website as the Pat Metheny Trio, and released on May 13, 2008.	Tokyo Day Trip	Pat Metheny
performer	``Get It on the Floor''is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX, released as the second single from his fifth album Grand Champ (2003).	Get It on the Floor	DMX
performer	``Can I Count on You'' is a song written by Terry McBride, Bill Carter and Ruth Ellsworth, and recorded by American country music group McBride & the Ride.	Can I Count on You	McBride & the Ride
performer	``Put Your Records On'' is a song by English soul singer--songwriter Corinne Bailey Rae from her debut album, Corinne Bailey Rae (2006).	Put Your Records On	Corinne Bailey Rae
performer	``Calling On'' is a single by New Zealand band Weta, off their only studio album Geographica.	Calling On	Weta
performer	``Mean Girl'' is a single released by the British Rock band Status Quo in 1973.	Mean Girl	Status Quo
performer	To Keep from Crying is the second album by progressive folk band Comus, released in 1974.	To Keep from Crying	Comus
performer	Comfort/Distraction is the third studio album by the punk rock band Broadway Calls.	Comfort/Distraction	Broadway Calls
performer	Flaming Galah is Australian rock band Fraternity's second and final studio album, released in 1972.	Flaming Galah	Fraternity
performer	Dare to Be Stupid is the third studio album by ``Weird Al'' Yankovic, released in 1985.	Dare to Be Stupid	Weird Al'' Yankovic
performer	``Toothpaste Kisses'' is a track from The Maccabees' album Colour It In.	Toothpaste Kisses	The Maccabees
performer	The Dragon of an Ordinary Family is an album by British hip-hop artist Jehst, released on his label YNR Productions, on 19 June 2011.	The Dragon of an Ordinary Family	Jehst
performer	Jazz Goes to the Movies is an album by American jazz arranger and conductor Manny Albam recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label.	Jazz Goes to the Movies	Manny Albam
performer	``Why Can't I Be You?'' is a song by the English rock band The Cure, released as a single from their 1987 album Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me.	Why Can't I Be You?	The Cure
performer	'Til the End of Forever is an album by Michael Bolton, released in 2005.	'Til the End of Forever	Michael Bolton
performer	The Glare is a 2009 album pairing Michael Nyman with David McAlmont.	The Glare	David McAlmont
performer	The Remote Viewer was originally released in CD-R format by Coil.	The Remote Viewer	Coil
performer	Play God is the 1991 album by heavy metal band Reverend.	Play God	Reverend
performer	Lynn Teeter Flower is the second album by Maria Taylor and was released on March 6, 2007.	Lynn Teeter Flower	Maria Taylor
performer	Gotta Be Me is the 7th studio album by rapper Devin the Dude, released on November 2, 2010.	Gotta Be Me	Devin the Dude
performer	To Be True is an album released by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes on the Philadelphia International record label in February 1975.	To Be True	Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes
performer	``How Can Heaven Love Me'' is a 1995 single by soprano Sarah Brightman and Chris Thompson, from her album Fly.	How Can Heaven Love Me	Sarah Brightman
performer	Muovi antaa periksi (1995) is the second album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste.	Muovi antaa periksi	Absoluuttinen Nollapiste
performer	Siluurikaudella is the seventh album by Finnish experimental rock band Pharaoh Overlord.	Siluurikaudella	Pharaoh Overlord
performer	Born Legendary is the third studio album by American rapper Hussein Fatal, originally planned to be released in 2007, The album was released June 16, 2009.	Born Legendary	Hussein Fatal
performer	Urban Nature is the second album from Australian R&B singer Cristian Alexanda.	Urban Nature	Cristian Alexanda
performer	Pozdrav iz zemlje Safari (trans. Greetings from the land of Safari) is the third studio album by former Yugoslav band Zabranjeno Pušenje released in 1987.	Pozdrav iz zemlje Safari	Zabranjeno Pušenje
performer	Torment and Toreros is the second album to be released by Marc and the Mambas, the album reached #28 in the UK album charts in August 1983.	Torment and Toreros	Marc and the Mambas
performer	``I Love You Love Me Love'' was a popular song by Gary Glitter.	I Love You Love Me Love	Gary Glitter
performer	Fadanuf Fa Erybody!! is the debut album by American hip hop trio Odd Squad (now known as the Coughee Brothaz).	Fadanuf Fa Erybody!!	Odd Squad
performer	``Watchin''' is a song by dance band Freemasons.	Watchin'	Freemasons
performer	Beat Beat Heartbeat was the first full-length album released by The Natural History on May 20, 2003.	Beat Beat Heartbeat	The Natural History
performer	The Rare Delight of You is a 2002 album by jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli accompanied by pianist George Shearing and his quintet.	The Rare Delight of You	John Pizzarelli
performer	``I'm Coming'' is a Korean-language song, and the first single from the album Rain's World, by Korean singer Rain.	I'm Coming	Rain
performer	``Honey Pie'' is a song by the Beatles, from their 1968 eponymous album The Beatles, also known as ``the White Album''.	Honey Pie	The Beatles
performer	``Lies to Me'' is the second single by Canadian rock group 54-40 from the band's seventh studio album, Trusted by Millions.	Lies to Me	54-40
performer	``Do What's Good for Me'' is a song recorded by Dutch Eurodance band 2 Unlimited.	Do What's Good for Me	2 Unlimited
performer	Another Phase is Maria Mena's debut album, which was released by Sony Music Norway.	Another Phase	Maria Mena
performer	``Computech'' is a single from the Norwegian band Turbonegro released on cassette tape in 1989.	Computech	Turbonegro
performer	``We Bring an Arsenal'' was supposed to be the second single from Weapons, the fifth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets, planned to be released 4 June 2012.	We Bring an Arsenal	Lostprophets
performer	Pacific Dust (EP) is a 7-song EP by northern California rock band The Mother Hips.	Pacific Dust (EP)	The Mother Hips
performer	Domain of Death is the third full-length studio album by the band Mortician.	Domain of Death	Mortician
performer	``Bye Bye Beautiful'' is the second track on Nightwish's Dark Passion Play album.	Bye Bye Beautiful	Nightwish
performer	``Calling It Wrong'' is a song as well as an EP by The Shermans, released as their first single on April 21, 2007.	Calling It Wrong	The Shermans
performer	Auric Goldfinger was played by German actor Gert Fröbe.	Auric Goldfinger	Gert Fröbe
performer	Fold Your Hands Child, You Walk Like a Peasant is the fourth album from the Scottish group Belle & Sebastian.	Fold Your Hands Child, You Walk Like a Peasant	Belle & Sebastian
performer	And They Came Baring Bones is the third album by American post-hardcore band Vanna.	And They Came Baring Bones	Vanna
performer	``4 the Tears in Your Eyes'' is a song by Prince and The Revolution.	4 the Tears in Your Eyes	Prince
performer	The Scene Is Dead is the second and last album by This Is Menace.	The Scene Is Dead	This Is Menace
performer	``Dreadlock Holiday'' is a reggae song by 10cc.	Dreadlock Holiday	10cc
performer	``Busy Being Fabulous'' is the second single by the American rock band Eagles from their 2007 album Long Road out of Eden.	Busy Being Fabulous	Eagles
performer	Shoutin' is an album by American saxophonist Don Wilkerson recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.	Shoutin'	Don Wilkerson
performer	Allmusic reviewer Jonathan Widran describes the songs on Page of Life as ``amazing showcases'' for Anderson's singing and Vangelis' instrumentation; the lyrics are described as ``clever social commentary''.	Page of Life	Vangelis
performer	Antipop is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Primus, released on October 19, 1999 before their hiatus in 2000-2003.	Antipop	Primus
performer	Spice Crackers is the fifth studio album from German synthpop group Camouflage, released in September 11, 1995 by BMG.	Spice Crackers	Camouflage
performer	Puta's Fever is an album by Mano Negra, released on September 1, 1989.	Puta's Fever	Mano Negra
performer	Gothic Electronic Anthems is the debut studio album from industrial metal band Gothminister.	Gothic Electronic Anthems	Gothminister
performer	Undaground Legend is the first major studio album (second overall) by rapper Lil' Flip.	Undaground Legend	Lil' Flip
performer	``Cortez the Killer'' is a song by Neil Young from his 1975 album, Zuma.	Cortez the Killer	Neil Young
performer	Mary C. Brown and the Hollywood Sign was the fourth solo LP by Dory Previn, released in November 1972.	Mary C. Brown and the Hollywood Sign	Dory Previn
performer	The Joy of Motion is the third album by instrumental progressive metal group Animals as Leaders.	The Joy of Motion	Animals as Leaders
performer	You Are Free is the sixth album by American singer-songwriter Cat Power (a.k.a. Chan Marshall).	You Are Free	Cat Power
performer	Beyond Coma and Despair is the third album by Indonesian metal band, Burgerkill.	Beyond Coma and Despair	Burgerkill
performer	Waikyoku is an album by Japanese-American rap artist Shing02, released on June 18, 2008.	Waikyoku	Shing02
performer	Mes repères is a 2009 album recorded by French rap artist La Fouine.	Mes repères	La Fouine
performer	The Ideal Copy is the fourth studio album by the English rock group Wire.	The Ideal Copy	Wire
performer	Seven Souls is a 1989 album by the New York based music group Material.	Seven Souls	Material
performer	Songs for Wandering Souls is the thirteenth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and the fourth to feature his Tiny Bell Trio.	Songs for Wandering Souls	Dave Douglas
performer	Turtle Soup is the last original studio album by The Turtles.	Turtle Soup	The Turtles
performer	``Jingle Bells/U Can't Touch This'' is a 2005 Crazy Frog cover of the Christmas song ``Jingle Bells'' and a cover of ``U Can't Touch This'', (originally MC Hammer).	Jingle Bells/U Can't Touch This	Crazy Frog
performer	White Tomb is the debut album by Irish ambient black metal band Altar of Plagues.	White Tomb	Altar of Plagues
performer	Little Ol' Cowgirl is the second studio album by American country band Dixie Chicks, released in 1992 (see 1992 in music).	Little Ol' Cowgirl	Dixie Chicks
performer	O A e o Z (also known as A e o Z, or ``A'' e o ``Z'', Portuguese: The A and the Z) is an album by Brazilian rock band Os Mutantes.	O A e o Z	Os Mutantes
performer	``Candy Cane Children'' is a single by American garage rock band The White Stripes.	Candy Cane Children	The White Stripes
performer	European Tour 1977 is an album by American composer, bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded in 1977 in Munich, Germany and released on the Watt/ECM label in 1978.	European Tour 1977	Carla Bley
performer	Ballads from Deep Gap is the second studio album by American folk music artist Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1967.	Ballads from Deep Gap	Doc Watson
performer	``A Walk'' is a song written by Greg Graffin from the punk rock group Bad Religion.	A Walk	Bad Religion
performer	Passive Control is the third studio album recorded by Yonderboi.	Passive Control	Yonderboi
performer	``Zaleilah'' is a song by Romanian Latino band Mandinga.	Zaleilah	Mandinga
performer	Loco Motive is an album by American country rap artist Cowboy Troy.	Loco Motive	Cowboy Troy
performer	Schlager Metal is a 1998 album by Swedish heavy metal band Black Ingvars.	Schlager Metal	Black Ingvars
performer	``You Must Love Me is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Madonna.	You Must Love Me	Madonna
performer	Where's the Party? is Eddie Money's fifth album, released in 1983.	Where's the Party?	Eddie Money
performer	Twice Upon a Rhyme is an LP record by Paul Levinson with Ed Fox and Peter Rosenthal.	Twice Upon a Rhyme	Paul Levinson
performer	Mat bez elektrichestva (Russian: Мат без электричества, means 'Mat(e) without the electricity', where Russian word 'mat' referred to Russian mat and Checkmate) is second studio album of the Russian band Leningrad and their first album to have Sergei Shnurov as lead vocalist.	Mat bez elektrichestva	Leningrad
performer	``Who You Lovin'' is the third solo single by Australian singer Conrad Sewell.	Who You Lovin	Conrad Sewell
performer	``Dear Maria, Count Me In'' is a song from American rock band All Time Low's second studio album So Wrong, It's Right (2007).	Dear Maria, Count Me In	All Time Low
performer	Take Off and Landing is a 1998 Yoshinori Sunahara album.	Take Off and Landing	Yoshinori Sunahara
performer	``Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)'' is a song by Journey from their album Frontiers and released as a single on January 5, 1983.	Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)	Journey
performer	``Deep Inside'' is a song by American R&B singer-songwriter Mary J. Blige.	Deep Inside	Mary J. Blige
performer	It's Only Time is the second studio album and major label debut by singer-songwriter Drake Bell.	It's Only Time	Drake Bell
performer	Drag It Up is the sixth studio album by American country/rock band Old 97's, first released on July 27, 2004 (see 2004 in music).	Drag It Up	Old 97's
performer	``Why Must We Wait Until Tonight'' is a song performed by recording artist Tina Turner from for her 1993 What's Love Got to Do with It soundtrack album.	Why Must We Wait Until Tonight	Tina Turner
performer	Home School Valedictorian is the second album by Las Vegas, Nevada hard rock band Adelitas Way, released on June 7, 2011.	Home School Valedictorian	Adelitas Way
performer	``Impressive Instant'' is a song by American singer-songwriter Madonna from her 2000 studio album Music.	Impressive Instant	Madonna
performer	Havana Candy is the second album by American vocalist and songwriter Patti Austin recorded in 1977 and released on the CTI label.	Havana Candy	Patti Austin
performer	Jersey's Best Dancers is the third studio album by the New Jersey band Lifetime.	Jersey's Best Dancers	Lifetime
performer	Black Antlers is a studio album by the experimental band Coil.	Black Antlers	Coil
performer	Gravitasjon is a musical album, released by the DumDum Boys in 2006.	Gravitasjon	DumDum Boys
performer	Retraced is the second studio album released by American rock guitarist Jake E. Lee.	Retraced	Jake E. Lee
performer	Mountaintops is an album by Mates of State released through Barsuk on September 13, 2011.	Mountaintops	Mates of State
performer	``The Safety Dance'' is a song by Canadian new wave band Men Without Hats, released in Canada in January 1983 as the second single from Rhythm of Youth.	The Safety Dance	Men Without Hats
performer	``Until She Comes'' is a 1991 song by the English band The Psychedelic Furs from their seventh studio album, World Outside.	Until She Comes	The Psychedelic Furs
performer	Eterno, released on June 20, 2000, is the second studio album by Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi.	Eterno	Luis Fonsi
performer	``Shake Your Pom Pom'' is a song by Missy Elliott, and is a single from the Step Up 2 the Streets soundtrack.	Shake Your Pom Pom	Missy Elliott
performer	``Stressed Out'' is a song written and recorded by American alternative hip hop band Twenty One Pilots for their fourth studio album, Blurryface.	Stressed Out	Twenty One Pilots
performer	``If You Love Me (Let Me Know)'' is a song written by John Rostill that was a 1974 hit single for Olivia Newton-John.	If You Love Me (Let Me Know)	Olivia Newton-John
performer	``I Love the Nightlife (Disco 'Round)'' is a popular disco song recorded by Alicia Bridges in 1978.	I Love the Nightlife	Alicia Bridges
performer	Use Your Confusion is the second studio album by American hip hop group Juggaknots.	Use Your Confusion	Juggaknots
performer	``Mr Medicine'' is the fourth single from British recording artist Eliza Doolittle, taken from her debut album Eliza Doolittle.	Mr Medicine	Eliza Doolittle
performer	Romantic? is the sixth studio album by the English synthpop band The Human League.	Romantic?	The Human League
performer	``Weekend Without Makeup'' was the first single to be taken from The Long Blondes' first album Someone to Drive You Home.	Weekend Without Makeup	The Long Blondes
performer	Spusti me na zemlju is the fourth, studio album from Serbian rock band Negative.	Spusti me na zemlju	Negative
performer	Octave of the Holy Innocents is a studio album by Swedish bassist Jonas Hellborg, experimental guitarist Buckethead and drummer Michael Shrieve first released in 1993.	Octave of the Holy Innocents	Jonas Hellborg
performer	``Honey, This Mirror Isn't Big Enough for the Two of Us'' is the second single released by the band My Chemical Romance from their debut album, I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love (and second overall single).	Honey, This Mirror Isn't Big Enough for the Two of Us	My Chemical Romance
performer	``Lafayette Blues'' is the second 7`` single of the Detroit-based American garage rock band The White Stripes.	Lafayette Blues	The White Stripes
performer	Big & Beautiful is the third studio album by hip hop group The Fat Boys, released in May 1986 through Sutra Records; this would be their last release on that label.	Big & Beautiful	The Fat Boys
performer	``She's Like a Comet'' is the first single from Kosciuszko, the fifth studio album from Australian alternative rock band, Jebediah; the single was released on 2 February 2011.	She's Like a Comet	Jebediah
performer	``Sister Disco'' is the fourth track from The Who's eighth album Who Are You.	Sister Disco	The Who
performer	Long Play Album was the first album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in 1981.	Long Play Album	Stars on 45
performer	Morning Orbit is the second solo album released by Canadian musician David Usher.	Morning Orbit	David Usher
performer	``Cryin' for Me (Wayman's Song)'' is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Toby Keith, recorded on his album American Ride.	Cryin' for Me (Wayman's Song)	Toby Keith
performer	La Grande Danse Macabre is the seventh studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk.	La Grande Danse Macabre	Marduk
performer	``Cleva'' is the third and final single from American singer Erykah Badu's second studio album, Mama's Gun (2000).	Cleva	Erykah Badu
performer	``Late Last Night'' was a single written by Phil Judd and originally recorded by Split Enz in Australia in 1976.	Late Last Night	Split Enz
performer	``Lay Down Beside Me'' is a song written by American country music artist Don Williams.	Lay Down Beside Me	Don Williams
performer	This Fall is a studio album by Joseph Williams released in 2008, the first containing new original material since 1997's 3.	This Fall	Joseph Williams
performer	``Let's Shake Hands'' is the debut 7`` single of Detroit-based American garage rock band The White Stripes.	Let's Shake Hands	The White Stripes
performer	The 'Umu is the fourth studio album by Australian hip hop act Koolism, released in September 2010 by Invada Records.	The 'Umu	Koolism
performer	Superstar Car Wash is the fourth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls, released in February, 1993 on Warner Bros. John Rzeznik wrote the song ``We Are the Normal'' with his idol, The Replacements' singer Paul Westerberg.	Superstar Car Wash	Goo Goo Dolls
performer	Hidden Files is the second solo studio album by American recording artist Havoc, a half of the hip hop duo Mobb Deep.	Hidden Files	Havoc
performer	Butt Rockin' is the third studio album by Texas based blues rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds.	Butt Rockin'	The Fabulous Thunderbirds
performer	Muti Media is a 2003 album by the Kalahari Surfers, the recording identity of South African musician Warrick Sony.	Muti Media	Warrick Sony
performer	``Glamorous Sky'' is Mika Nakashima's 16th single overall, her 1st under the name Nana starring Mika Nakashima, and the second most successful single in her career after ``Stars''.	Glamorous Sky	Mika Nakashima
performer	Brace 4 Impak is the first studio album by American hip hop production team Da Beatminerz.	Brace 4 Impak	Da Beatminerz
performer	``Feel Your Love'' is a pop-dance song co-written by Alanis Morissette and Leslie Howe, and produced by Howe for Morissette's debut album, Alanis (1991).	Feel Your Love	Alanis Morissette
performer	International Superhits! is a greatest hits album by the American punk rock band Green Day, released November 13, 2001 through Reprise Records.	International Superhits!	Green Day
performer	``Forever as One'' is a song by Dutch eurodance group Vengaboys released in 2001.	Forever as One	Vengaboys
performer	Lendas Encantadas is the fourth album by Brazilian progressive rock band Apocalypse.	Lendas Encantadas	Apocalypse
performer	Uncle Jam Wants You is the eleventh studio album by American funk band Funkadelic.	Uncle Jam Wants You	Funkadelic
performer	Stereo typ (English: Stereotype) is a studio album by Polish singer Kayah, released in 2003.	Stereo typ	Kayah
performer	Through Silver in Blood is the fifth album from the California based post-metal band Neurosis.	Through Silver in Blood	Neurosis
performer	``Go to Church'' is the second official single from Ice Cube's album Laugh Now, Cry Later.	Go to Church	Ice Cube
performer	In the Mouth of the Young is the second full-length and first major label album by the band Bullets and Octane.	In the Mouth of the Young	Bullets and Octane
performer	``I'm a Rat'' is the fifth single by punk rock band Towers of London.	I'm a Rat	Towers of London
performer	``Tomorrow Comes Today'' is a song from alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz's self-titled debut album Gorillaz and was their first release when issued as an EP in November 2000.	Tomorrow Comes Today	Gorillaz
performer	Drunken Lullabies is a 2002 album by the Irish-American punk band Flogging Molly.	Drunken Lullabies	Flogging Molly
performer	A Semblance of Normality is the eleventh studio album by the British folk metal band Skyclad, released in the year 2004.	A Semblance of Normality	Skyclad
performer	Dream Merchant Vol. 1 is the first compilation album from producer 9th Wonder, formerly of Little Brother.	Dream Merchant Vol. 1	9th Wonder
performer	Comes from the Heart is the second release by American melodic hardcore band Stick to Your Guns.	Comes from the Heart	Stick to Your Guns
performer	Praises to the King is reggae, dancehall artist Capleton's eleventh studio album.	Praises to the King	Capleton
performer	``I Laugh in Your Face'' is a ballad performed by the Bee Gees, written by Barry, Robin & Maurice Gibb and released in March 1969 on the album Odessa.	I Laugh in Your Face	Bee Gees
performer	Join the Army is the second album by American crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies.	Join the Army	Suicidal Tendencies
performer	``Killing Loneliness'' is a song released by the Finnish band HIM, released in February 2006 in Germany and in April in the UK as a single from their 2005 breakthrough Dark Light.	Killing Loneliness	HIM
performer	``Never Too Far'' is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey for her first soundtrack album, Glitter (2001).	Never Too Far	Mariah Carey
performer	The Turn of the Lights is the third solo album of Brazilian vocalist/pianist Andre Matos.	The Turn of the Lights	Andre Matos
performer	Breakfast in the Field is the debut recording by guitarist Michael Hedges released on the Windham Hill label in 1981.	Breakfast in the Field	Michael Hedges
performer	Re matto (Italian: (ˈre ˈmatto); English: ``Mad king'') is the second studio EP by Italian singer Marco Mengoni.	Re matto	Marco Mengoni
performer	Far Away Lands is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on May 26, 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.	Far Away Lands	Hank Mobley
performer	``Mic Check'' is the first single by rapper Juelz Santana from his second studio album What the Game's Been Missing!.	Mic Check	Juelz Santana
performer	``Groove Is in the Heart'' is a song by American dance band Deee-Lite.	Groove Is in the Heart	Deee-Lite
performer	``Ænema'' is a song by rock band Tool, released as the third single from their second album Ænima.	Ænema	Tool
performer	Moog Indigo is the eighth solo album by electronic music pioneer Jean-Jacques Perrey.	Moog Indigo	Jean-Jacques Perrey
performer	Endorama is the ninth studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator released in 1999 by Drakkar Records.	Endorama	Kreator
performer	``Om du var här'' (``If you were here'') is a single CD by the Swedish band Kent released in 1996.	Om du var här	Kent
performer	``Boogie Chillen''' or ``Boogie Chillun'' is a blues song first recorded by John Lee Hooker in 1948.	Boogie Chillen'	John Lee Hooker
performer	Fables & Dreams is the second studio album from the Swiss symphonic metal band Lunatica.	Fables & Dreams	Lunatica
performer	Hier sind die Onkelz (German for This is the Onkelz) is the 11th album for German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz.	Hier sind die Onkelz	Böhse Onkelz
performer	T-Bird Rhythm is the fourth studio album by Texas based blues rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds released in 1982.	T-Bird Rhythm	The Fabulous Thunderbirds
performer	``Such a Shame'' is a song written by Mark Hollis for the English band Talk Talk's second album It's My Life (1984).	Such a Shame	Talk Talk
performer	``Good Times Bad Times'' is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, featured as the opening track on their 1969 debut album Led Zeppelin.	Good Times Bad Times	Led Zeppelin
performer	Hi-Octane Coffee is the second album by American singer-songwriter Lili Añel released in 2001 on Original JB Music.	Hi-Octane Coffee	Lili Añel
performer	Seminal Vampires and Maggot Men is an album by the death metal band Abscess.	Seminal Vampires and Maggot Men	Abscess
performer	``Wait Forever'' is a song by Robin Gibb, released from the album Magnet.	Wait Forever	Robin Gibb
performer	``Dim All the Lights'' is a song by American recording artist Donna Summer that bowed at #70 on 25 August 1979 and peaked at #2 on 10--17 November 1979 on the Billboard Hot 100.	Dim All the Lights	Donna Summer
performer	From the Bottom 2 the Top is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Coolio.	From the Bottom 2 the Top	Coolio
performer	``Take the Long Way Home'' is the fourth single and sixth track of Supertramp's 1979 album Breakfast in America.	Take the Long Way Home	Supertramp
performer	Kivenkantaja (``Stonebearer'') is the third full-length album by Finnish pagan metal band Moonsorrow.	Kivenkantaja	Moonsorrow
performer	``Swing, Swing'' is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released as their debut single from their self-titled debut studio album on December 2, 2002.	Swing, Swing	The All-American Rejects
performer	The Happiness Project is the title of Charles Spearin's debut album.	The Happiness Project	Charles Spearin
performer	``Let Love Lead the Way'' is a song by British pop girl-group the Spice Girls, released as one of the two songs picked as the lead single from their third studio album, Forever (2000).	Let Love Lead the Way	Spice Girls
performer	``Born to Try'' is a song by Australian recording artist and songwriter Delta Goodrem, written by Audius Mtawarira and produced by Ric Wake for her debut studio album Innocent Eyes (2003).	Born to Try	Delta Goodrem
performer	A Thousand Miles Left Behind is the second studio album by American country music band Gloriana.	A Thousand Miles Left Behind	Gloriana
performer	Washed Up and Through the Ringer! is a 2001 album by ska punk band Catch 22.	Washed Up and Through the Ringer	Catch 22
performer	I Took Up the Runes is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek released on the ECM label and performed by Garbarek, Rainer Brüninghaus, Eberhard Weber, Nana Vasconcelos, Manu Katché, and Bugge Wesseltoft with Ingor Ánte Áilo Gaup contributing vocals.	I Took Up the Runes	Jan Garbarek
performer	April Kisses is a jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli, released in 1999.	April Kisses	Bucky Pizzarelli
performer	Tits 'n Ass is a studio album by Dutch rock band Golden Earring.	Tits 'n Ass	Golden Earring
performer	Two Thousand and Ten Injuries is the third studio album from Swedish indie-pop group Love Is All.	Two Thousand and Ten Injuries	Love Is All
performer	``Please Stand Up'' was the second single from British Sea Power's second album Open Season.	Please Stand Up	British Sea Power
performer	The Game Is Won is the third single from the début album Breathe In by English singer-songwriter Lucie Silvas.	The Game Is Won	Lucie Silvas
performer	King of Horrorcore is the second studio album released by horrorcore rap artist King Gordy.	King of Horrorcore	King Gordy
performer	Legend Land is an EP by the symphonic metal band Leaves' Eyes, released on June 2, 2006 as a follow-up to the album Vinland Saga.	Legend Land	Leaves' Eyes
performer	Did I Shave My Back for This? is the third album from country music parodist Cledus T. Judd.	Did I Shave My Back for This?	Cledus T. Judd
performer	``Turn My Back on You'' is the fourth single from Sade's third studio album, Stronger Than Pride (1988).	Turn My Back on You	Sade
performer	Jalopy Go Far is the second release from the pop rock band, Zolof the Rock & Roll Destroyer.	Jalopy Go Far	Zolof the Rock & Roll Destroyer
performer	Petrolhead is the third studio album by Cold Chisel guitarist / vocalist Ian Moss.	Petrolhead	Ian Moss
performer	Strictly Rude is the fourth full-length album from Boston ska punk act Big D and the Kids Table.	Strictly Rude	Big D and the Kids Table
performer	``Gossip Folks'' is a song by American hip-hop artist Missy Elliott, featuring Ludacris.	Gossip Folks	Missy Elliott	Ludacris
performer	``Ms. New Booty'' is a hip hop song by American rapper Bubba Sparxxx.	Ms. New Booty	Bubba Sparxxx
performer	Promise Lands is the fourth album by English band Lowgold, released in 2008 on Goldhawk Recordings.	Promise Lands	Lowgold
performer	Her Şey Aşktan (or Herşey Aşktan with alternative spelling) (Turkish: Everything from love), is Işın Karaca's seventh studio album, released on 8 May 2013.	Her Şey Aşktan	Işın Karaca
performer	A Luta Continua (Portuguese for The Struggle Continues) is a studio album by Big Youth that was released in 1986.	A Luta Continua	Big Youth
performer	Strange Alliance is the debut album by Tommy Keene and was self-released on LP in 1982 on his Avenue Records label (catalog #AVE 001).	Strange Alliance	Tommy Keene
performer	Ride, Ride, Ride is the debut studio album by American country artist Lynn Anderson.	Ride, Ride, Ride	Lynn Anderson
performer	Frisz & Sympatisz is the sixth studio album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance.	Frisz & Sympatisz	Herman Brood
performer	Cabbage Alley is the fourth studio album by the funk group The Meters, inspired in part by Professor Longhair's ``Hey Now Baby''.	Cabbage Alley	The Meters
performer	Voodoo Lounge is the 20th British and 22nd American studio album by The Rolling Stones, released in July 1994.	Voodoo Lounge	The Rolling Stones
performer	Solar Ray (stylized and subtitled as SOLAR RAY Hirasawa best recycling album Recycled by P-MODEL kernel) is a 2001 remix album by Susumu Hirasawa.	Solar Ray	Susumu Hirasawa
performer	Scorpiorighting is an album released in 2002 by New Zealand band Garageland.	Scorpiorighting	Garageland
performer	Every Struggle is the second studio album by Riyu Kosaka and her first major album since she joined record label Avex Trax.	Every Struggle	Riyu Kosaka
performer	Extremities, Dirt and Various Repressed Emotions is the eighth studio album by English rock band Killing Joke, recorded in August 1990 and in November 1990 by record label Noise.	Extremities, Dirt and Various Repressed Emotions	Killing Joke
performer	``There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)'' is a 1985 song written and performed by the British musical duo Eurythmics.	There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)	Eurythmics
performer	``Stuntin' Like My Daddy'' is the first single from Birdman and Lil Wayne's album, Like Father, Like Son.	Stuntin' Like My Daddy	Birdman	Lil Wayne
performer	``Dónde Irán'' (Where will they go) is La 5ª Estación's first single release from their first studio album, Primera toma.	Dónde Irán	La 5ª Estación
performer	``How to Be a Heartbreaker'' is a song by Welsh recording artist Marina and the Diamonds from the American version of her second studio album Electra Heart (2012).	How to Be a Heartbreaker	Marina and the Diamonds
performer	The Painter's Palette is the second album by Italian avant-garde metal / jazz band Ephel Duath.	The Painter's Palette	Ephel Duath
performer	Sundown on the Forest is an album by the rock group Kingfish.	Sundown on the Forest	Kingfish
performer	Come Now Sleep was the second studio album by Christian rock/post-hardcore/indie rock band As Cities Burn, which was produced by Matt Goldman, and it was released on August 14, 2007 by Tooth & Nail/Solid State labels.	Come Now Sleep	As Cities Burn
performer	Permission to Land is the debut studio album released by British hard rock band The Darkness.	Permission to Land	The Darkness
performer	The Rise & Fall is the fourth studio album by the British ska/pop band Madness.	The Rise & Fall	Madness
performer	``Surely'' is a 1995 single by British pop group Five Star.	Surely	Five Star
performer	``One Hell of a Woman'' is a 1974 song (see 1974 in music) by the American singer-songwriter Mac Davis.	One Hell of a Woman	Mac Davis
performer	``Spiralling'' is a song released by Keane, on 4 August 2008 at 10:59 (CEST) as the first single of their third album, Perfect Symmetry.	Spiralling	Keane
performer	``Get Buck'' is the second single off American rapper Young Buck's second album, Buck the World.	Get Buck	Young Buck
performer	``Rose, My Rocket-Brain!'' is a 2004 single by the band Stereolab for the tour of the album Margerine Eclipse.	Rose, My Rocket-Brain!	Stereolab
performer	Extraordinary Ways is an album by Canadian electronic music project Conjure One.	Extraordinary Ways	Conjure One
performer	Play Dusty for Me is the second solo album by English singer and songwriter David Westlake.	Play Dusty for Me	David Westlake
performer	I Don't Want to Go Home was the first album by seminal New Jersey rock/R&B band Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes.	I Don't Want to Go Home	Southside Johnny
performer	A Man's Not a Camel is Frenzal Rhomb's fourth full length album, released in March 1999.	A Man's Not a Camel	Frenzal Rhomb
performer	Somewhere Far Beyond is the fourth studio album by German power metal band Blind Guardian.	Somewhere Far Beyond	Blind Guardian
performer	`` And Love Goes On'' is a song by the American R&B band Earth, Wind & Fire which was written by David Foster, Larry Dunn, Brenda Russell, Verdine White and Maurice White.	And Love Goes On	Earth, Wind & Fire
performer	My Own Private Amsterdam is the first full-length album by Pistol Youth, released in 2010.	My Own Private Amsterdam	Pistol Youth
performer	``Slam the Hammer Down'' is a single from rock band Slade which appeared on the album The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome and its U.S. counterpart album, titled Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply.	Slam the Hammer Down	Slade
performer	Hello Nasty is the fifth studio album by the Beastie Boys.	Hello Nasty	Beastie Boys
performer	``C'est dans l'air'' (English: ``It's in the Air'') is a 2008 electronic dance song recorded by French singer-songwriter Mylène Farmer.	C'est dans l'air	Mylène Farmer
performer	The Land of Heroes is a Jorma Kaukonen studio album recorded and released in 1995.	The Land of Heroes	Jorma Kaukonen
performer	El Momento Descuidado (a Spanish rendering of ``The Unguarded Moment'') is the eighteenth album by the Australian psychedelic rock band The Church, released in November 2004.	El Momento Descuidado	The Church
performer	Spitting Venom is the debut, self-released EP from English heavy metal band Savage Messiah.	Spitting Venom	Savage Messiah
performer	Beaded Dreams Through Turquoise Eyes is the sixth album by Native American/Mexican American band Redbone.	Beaded Dreams Through Turquoise Eyes	Redbone
performer	Fight the Frequency is the fourth studio album by American pop punk band American Hi-Fi, released on August 17, 2010.	Fight the Frequency	American Hi-Fi
performer	Shattered Existence is the debut album by the British thrash metal band Xentrix.	Shattered Existence	Xentrix
performer	Diary of a Hollow Horse is the fifth studio album by English new wave group China Crisis, released in 1989.	Diary of a Hollow Horse	China Crisis
performer	``Anybody Seen My Baby?'' is a song by the English rock band The Rolling Stones featured on their 1997 album Bridges to Babylon.	Anybody Seen My Baby?	The Rolling Stones
performer	Umpatampa is the second studio album by Israeli singer Dana International, released on the IMP Dance label in 1994 with the catalogue number is IMP 2012-2.	Umpatampa	Dana International
performer	``Cold Irons Bound'' is a Grammy Award-winning song written by Bob Dylan, recorded in January 1997 and released on September 30, 1997 on his critically acclaimed album Time Out of Mind.	Cold Irons Bound	Bob Dylan
performer	Country Boy and Country Girl is the name of a Country music duet album, with the Country singers, Jimmy Dean and Dottie West.	Country Boy and Country Girl	Jimmy Dean
performer	Coast to Coast Fever is the third solo album by Canadian singer-songwriter David Wiffen.	Coast to Coast Fever	David Wiffen
performer	``Funk It Up'' is a song recorded by Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota for his eighth studio album, Sunshine, Moonlight (1995).	Funk It Up	Toshinobu Kubota
performer	Shimmering Lights is the fourth studio album by Canadian indie-rock band The Meligrove Band, released September 21, 2010 on vinyl and CD.	Shimmering Lights	The Meligrove Band
performer	The Grand Leveller is the second album by the death metal band Benediction and the first to feature Dave Ingram on vocals.	The Grand Leveller	Benediction
performer	Wires...and the Concept of Breathing is the first full-length album by American post-hardcore band A Skylit Drive.	Wires...and the Concept of Breathing	A Skylit Drive
performer	Heavy Metal Hippies is the eleventh studio album by Japanese band Loudness.	Heavy Metal Hippies	Loudness
performer	Život teče u laganom ritmu (Eng. The life is flowing in slow rhythm) is an album of Zvonko Bogdan, Croatian/Bunjevac singer from Vojvodina, Serbia.	Život teče u laganom ritmu	Zvonko Bogdan
performer	Hope Is Important is the first full-length studio album by Scottish rock band Idlewild, released 19 October 1998.	Hope Is Important	Idlewild
performer	Abulum is the solo debut album by former Toad the Wet Sprocket singer/songwriter Glen Phillips.	Abulum	Glen Phillips
performer	A Celebration in Song is the twenty-fourth studio album by Australian pop singer Olivia Newton-John, released on 3 June 2008 by Warner Bros. in Australia.	A Celebration in Song	Olivia Newton-John
performer	``Deathcar'' is the third single from Fightstar's second album One Day Son, This Will All Be Yours, and was released on 3 December 2007.	Deathcar	Fightstar
performer	``Friday on My Mind'' is a 1966 song by Australian rock group The Easybeats.	Friday on My Mind	The Easybeats
performer	De Los Valles y Volcanes is the first full length album of the Argentine post-rock band Hacia Dos Veranos released in May 2007 by Scatter Records.	De Los Valles y Volcanes	Hacia Dos Veranos
performer	``I Wanna Make You Feel Good'' is a dance-pop song released in 1984 by The System.	I Wanna Make You Feel Good	The System
performer	Gate II is the third album released by Japanese pop rock trio Iceman on May 21, 1998.	Gate II	Iceman
performer	A um bum (A oom Boom) is the eighth studio album by the Serbian rock band Električni Orgazam, released on late 1999.	A um bum	Električni Orgazam
performer	How Will the Wolf Survive? is the major label debut album of Los Lobos.	How Will the Wolf Survive?	Los Lobos
performer	``Tear It Up (On Our Worst Behavior)'' is the debut single by IMx (then credited as Immature).	Tear It Up (On Our Worst Behavior)	IMx
performer	``A Life of Illusion'' is a song by the American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Joe Walsh, which became a hit and one of his most recognizable songs.	A Life of Illusion	Joe Walsh
performer	``Going On'' is the second single taken from Gnarls Barkley's second studio album The Odd Couple.	Going On	Gnarls Barkley
performer	Consider the Lilies is a religious album released by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.	Consider the Lilies	Mormon Tabernacle Choir
performer	``Johnny the Horse'' is a single by British band Madness from their 1999 album Wonderful.	Johnny the Horse	Madness
performer	``Awaiting on You All'' is a song by English musician George Harrison, released on his 1970 triple album, All Things Must Pass.	Awaiting on You All	George Harrison
performer	Stylistic Changes is the first full-length solo album by Norwegian Progressive/Heavy metal guitarist Carl August Tidemann.	Stylistic Changes	Carl August Tidemann
performer	Heavy Metal Soul by the Pound is the fifth full length album from metal/funk/soul pioneers 24-7 Spyz.	Heavy Metal Soul by the Pound	24-7 Spyz
performer	``Cross Bones Style'' is a song by the American singer/songwriter Cat Power (also known as Chan Marshall).	Cross Bones Style	Cat Power
performer	We Must Become the Pitiless Censors of Ourselves is the third LP from the American electronic musician John Maus, released in 2011, on Ribbon Music in the USA and Upset the Rhythm in the UK.	We Must Become the Pitiless Censors of Ourselves	John Maus
performer	``Pain Is So Close to Pleasure'' is a song by Queen, released only in Canada, Germany, the Netherlands and the USA as the second single from their 1986 album A Kind of Magic.	Pain Is So Close to Pleasure	Queen
performer	True Game is the debut album by American rapper CJ Mac & producer Mad.	True Game	CJ Mac
performer	Burn and Shiver is the third release by Azure Ray (and second full length album), released by WARM in 2002.	Burn and Shiver	Azure Ray
performer	``I'm Still Here (Jim's Theme)'' is a song written by The Goo Goo Dolls frontman John Rzeznik for Disney's animated film Treasure Planet.	I'm Still Here (Jim's Theme)	John Rzeznik
performer	Rhythm Shower is an album by The Upsetters, released in 1973.	Rhythm Shower	The Upsetters
performer	So Says I is a song by American indie rock band The Shins, the third track of their second album Chutes Too Narrow.	So Says I	The Shins
performer	Sinatra Sings Days of Wine and Roses, Moon River, and Other Academy Award Winners (or simply Academy Award Winners) is a 1964 album by Frank Sinatra, focusing on songs that won the Academy Award for Best Song.	Sinatra Sings Days of Wine and Roses, Moon River, and Other Academy Award Winners	Frank Sinatra
performer	Penguins on the Moon is Sack Trick's second album which was produced, recorded and mixed by Alex Dickson.	Penguins on the Moon	Sack Trick
performer	``The Secret Life of Arabia'' is a song written by David Bowie, Brian Eno and Carlos Alomar in 1977 for the album ``Heroes''.	The Secret Life of Arabia	David Bowie
performer	Navega is the debut album by the Cape Verdean musician Mayra Andrade, released in 2006.	Navega	Mayra Andrade
performer	Portrait of Wes is the tenth album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery, released in 1963.	Portrait of Wes	Wes Montgomery
performer	``Middledistancerunner'' is the second official single taken from the 2010 Chicane album Giants.	Middledistancerunner	Chicane
performer	Something Personal is an album by American jazz pianist Jack Wilson featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1967.	Something Personal	Jack Wilson
performer	The Girl Who Couldn't Fly is an album by British folk musician Kate Rusby, released in 2005.	The Girl Who Couldn't Fly	Kate Rusby
performer	Roots Rock Riot is the second album from Welsh rock band Skindred.	Roots Rock Riot	Skindred
performer	``Entends-tu le monde?'' is the first single released from 7 vies, the second French-language album by Australian singer Tina Arena.	Entends-tu le monde?	Tina Arena
performer	I Remember Blind Joe Death is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey, released in 1987.	I Remember Blind Joe Death	John Fahey
performer	Irresistible Bliss was Soul Coughing's second album, released in 1996).	Irresistible Bliss	Soul Coughing
performer	Get Us out of Here is the second and final studio album by Freur and was released in the Netherlands and Germany in 1986.	Get Us out of Here	Freur
performer	``Lord Have Mercy on the Working Man'' is a song written by Kostas and recorded by American country music singer Travis Tritt.	Lord Have Mercy on the Working Man	Travis Tritt
performer	A Collection of Vibrations for Your Skull is the first full-length album released by Danish indie pop band Treefight for Sunlight.	A Collection of Vibrations for Your Skull	Treefight for Sunlight
performer	Prince of the Ville is the debut album by rapper All Star Cashville Prince, it was released through the independent label, Loyalty Records & Inevitable Records.	Prince of the Ville	All Star Cashville Prince
performer	End of Daze is the fourth EP by Dum Dum Girls released September 25, 2012.	End of Daze	Dum Dum Girls
performer	Canciones desde una prisión is the twelfth album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón.	Canciones desde una prisión	Rolando Alarcón
performer	Death Alley is the sixth studio album by the hardcore punk band Zeke.	Death Alley	Zeke
performer	Le Bleu is the third and best-known solo album by acoustic guitarist Justin King.	Le Bleu	Justin King
performer	Kerjäläisten valtakunta (English: The Realm of Beggars) is a 1985 album by the Finnish rock band Dingo.	Kerjäläisten valtakunta	Dingo
performer	``Es (Theme of Es)'' (officially written (es)~Theme of es~) is the eighth single released by Mr. Children on May 10, 1995.	Es (Theme of Es)	Mr. Children
performer	``Heart of the Sunrise'' is a progressive rock song by British band Yes.	Heart of the Sunrise	Yes
performer	Blue Screen Life is the second album released by indie rock band Pinback.	Blue Screen Life	Pinback
performer	Galahs in the Gidgee is the first album released by Colin Buchanan in 1991.	Galahs in the Gidgee	Colin Buchanan
performer	Somewhere in the Between is the third studio album by American ska punk band Streetlight Manifesto, released November 13, 2007.	Somewhere in the Between	Streetlight Manifesto
performer	Only a Woman Like You is an album by Michael Bolton, released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).	Only a Woman Like You	Michael Bolton
performer	``Don't You See!'' is the 19th single by pop/rock band Zard and is the second closing theme song of the anime series Dragon Ball GT.	Don't You See!	Zard
performer	``Armed and Stupid'' is a song by Meat Puppets, which was the group's first promotional release.	Armed and Stupid	Meat Puppets
performer	Our Puzzling Encounters Considered is the second album by Psyopus, released on February 20, 2007.	Our Puzzling Encounters Considered	Psyopus
performer	``Pretty Wings'' is a single by American singer-songwriter Maxwell's fourth studio album BLACKsummers'night.	Pretty Wings	Maxwell
performer	``The Next Time I Fall'' is a 1986 Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 song written by Bobby Caldwell and Paul Gordon, recorded as a duet by Peter Cetera and Amy Grant for Cetera's 1986 album Solitude/Solitaire, and as a solo by Caldwell himself for his 1988 album Heart of Mine.	The Next Time I Fall	Peter Cetera	Amy Grant
performer	Sacrilegium is the third album by the rock band Devil Doll, released on May 1992 on Hurdy Gurdy Records.	Sacrilegium	Devil Doll
performer	Ahora y Siempre (Eng.: Now and Forever) is the title of a studio album released by music group Alacranes Musical.	Ahora y Siempre	Alacranes Musical
performer	Deluxxx is Atach Tatuq's last studio album released on October 4, 2005.	Deluxxx	Atach Tatuq
performer	``Sayonee'' (Urdu: صہیونی, literal English translation: ``soulmate'') is a song by the Pakistani sufi rock band Junoon, released in April, 1997.	Sayonee	Junoon
performer	Sun Dirt Water is the sixth album and fifth studio album by iconic Australian folk rock band The Waifs.	Sun Dirt Water	The Waifs
performer	Does Anybody Miss Me is a 1969 album by Shirley Bassey.	Does Anybody Miss Me	Shirley Bassey
performer	``Hurry Go Round'' is the eleventh single by Japanese musician hide, the fourth to bear the hide with Spread Beaver name, released on October 21, 1998.	Hurry Go Round	hide
performer	The Jaywalker is a studio album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring tracks recorded in 1966 and 1967 and released on the Storyville label in 2004.	The Jaywalker	Duke Ellington
place of birth	Sandy Garrett was born in Muskogee, Oklahoma, and later graduated from Stilwell High School.	Sandy Garrett	Muskogee
place of birth	Dina Louise Epstein, (born 16 July 1965 in Malmö) is a Swedish journalist and writer.	Louise Epstein	Malmö
place of birth	Sven Grünberg (born 24 November 1956, Tallinn) is an Estonian synthesizer and progressive rock composer and musician most known for his meditative organ and electronic works involving the concepts of Tibetan Buddhism.	Sven Grünberg	Tallinn
place of birth	Lucie Grolichová (born January 26, 1978 in Prague) is a Czech modern pentathlete.	Lucie Grolichová	Prague
place of birth	Born in Raleigh, North Carolina, where her parents were both practicing attorneys, Cate Edwards was educated in the Wake County Public School System.	Cate Edwards	Raleigh
place of birth	Simone Mosca (1492--1554) was an Italian sculptor who was born in Settignano (part of Florence).	Simone Mosca	Florence
place of birth	Sina Candrian (born 21 November 1988 in Flims) is a Swiss snowboarder competing in the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.	Sina Candrian	Flims
place of birth	Jacob Collamer was born in Troy, New York on January 8, 1791, and his family moved to Burlington, Vermont in 1795.	Jacob Collamer	Troy
place of birth	Claiborne Pell was born on November 22, 1918 in New York City, the son of Matilda Bigelow and diplomat and congressman Herbert Pell.	Claiborne Pell	New York City
place of birth	Juris Upatnieks (born 7 May 1936 in Riga) is a Latvian-American physicist and inventor, and pioneer in the field of holography.	Juris Upatnieks	Riga
position held	John Pycot was Dean of Exeter between 1280 and 1283.	John Pycot	Dean of Exeter
position held	Victor Adibe Chikwe (June 24, 1938 -- September 16, 2010) was the Nigerian Roman Catholic prelate who served as the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ahiara from his appointment on November 18, 1987, until his death on September 16, 2010.	Victor Adibe Chikwe	bishop
position held	Michael F. Kresky, Jr. (May 23, 1904 -- August 22, 1978) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate from 1937 to 1939.	Michael F. Kresky, Jr.	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Pietro Parolin (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpjetro paroˈliŋ); born 17 January 1955) is an Italian cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Pietro Parolin	cardinal
position held	Vilhelm Buhl (16 October 1881 -- 18 December 1954) was Prime Minister of Denmark from 4 May 1942 to 9 November 1942 as head of the Unity Government (the Cabinet of Vilhelm Buhl I) during the German occupation of Denmark of World War II, until the Nazis ordered him removed.	Vilhelm Buhl	Prime Minister of Denmark
position held	Brett Davis (born December 5, 1975, Oshkosh, Wisconsin) was a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Brett Davis	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Pierre-Herman Dosquet (4 March 1691 -- 4 March 1777) was the fourth bishop of Quebec.	Pierre-Herman Dosquet	bishop
position held	Zdzisław Chmielewski (born 4 October 1942 in Falborz) is a Polish historian, rector of Szczecin University, member of the European Parliament (elected on 13 June 2004).	Zdzisław Chmielewski	member of the European Parliament
position held	Askar Akayevich Akayev (Аскар Акаевич Акаев) (born 10 November 1944 in Kyzyl-Bairak, Kemin District) was President of Kyrgyzstan from 1990 until his overthrow in the March 2005 Tulip Revolution.	Askar Akayev	President of Kyrgyzstan
position held	Yosef Sapir (Hebrew: יוסף ספיר‎; January 27, 1902 -- February 26, 1972) was an Israeli politician and Knesset member of the 1st to 7th Knessets.	Yosef Sapir	Knesset member
present in work	Javan (Hebrew יָוָן, Standard Hebrew Yavan, Tiberian Hebrew Yāwān) was the fourth son of Noah's son Japheth according to the ``Table of Nations'' (Genesis chapter 10) in the Hebrew Bible.	Javan	Bible
present in work	Aidan Devane is a resident of the fictional town of Pine Valley from the ABC soap opera All My Children.	Aidan Devane	All My Children
present in work	Paul Priestly is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera, EastEnders, played by Mark Thrippleton, from 20 April 1989 to 1 March 1990.	Paul Priestly	EastEnders
present in work	Jason Grimshaw, is a fictional character from the British soap opera Coronation Street.	Jason Grimshaw	Coronation Street
present in work	The New Day Co-Op is a fictional criminal organization on the HBO drama television series The Wire.	New Day Co-Op	The Wire
present in work	Hit-Girl (real name Mindy McCready) is a fictional character appearing in the Kick-Ass series, published by Marvel Comics under the company's imprint Icon Comics.	Hit-Girl	Kick-Ass
present in work	Jigglypuff is a playable character in all four Super Smash Bros. games.	Jigglypuff	Super Smash Bros.
present in work	Maddie Parker is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks portrayed by Yasmin Bannerman .	Maddie Parker	Hollyoaks
present in work	Ellen Harvelle is a fictional character on The CW Television Network's Supernatural portrayed by Samantha Ferris.	Ellen Harvelle	Supernatural
present in work	According to the Hebrew Bible, Zedekiah was made king of Judah by Nebuchadnezzar II in 597 BCE at the age of twenty-one.	Zedekiah	Bible
publication date	Conspiracy 58 (Swedish: Konspiration 58 or KSP58) is a Swedish mockumentary from 2002, produced by Sveriges Television, the Swedish public broadcaster.	Conspiracy 58	2002
publication date	Three Hours is a 1927 American drama film based on the 1926 story Purple and Fine Linen by May Edginton.	Three Hours	1927
publication date	Maurizio Calvesi, Lorenzo Canova, Marco Meneguzzo, Marisa Vescovo, Collezione Farnesina Experimenta, Gangemi Editore, 2008.	Collezione Farnesina Experimenta	2008
publication date	Daughter of the Tong is a 1939 crime film about a detective that goes against a female leader of an Oriental crime ring.	Daughter of the Tong	1939
publication date	Frankenfish is a 2004 American monster movie dealing with genetically engineered fish in the bayou.	Frankenfish	2004
publication date	Me and the Colonel is a 1958 film based on the play Jacobowsky und der Oberst by Franz Werfel.	Me and the Colonel	1958
publication date	The Slipper and the Rose is a 1976 British musical film retelling the classic fairy tale of Cinderella.	The Slipper and the Rose	1976
publication date	Kannika was a 1947 Tamil-language film starring T. E. Varadan, M. S. Sarojini, D. Balasubramaniam, M. R. Santhanalakshmi, N. S. Krishnan, T. A. Mathuram, Kali N. Ratnam, Harini, Hemamalini and Lalitha-Padmini.	Kannika	1947
publication date	Blood Ransom is a 2014 independent American thriller vampire romance film, produced by Tectonic Films.	Blood Ransom	2014
publication date	The Postman Always Rings Twice is a 1981 film adaptation of the 1934 novel by the same name by James M. Cain.	The Postman Always Rings Twice	1981
publication date	Black Gravel (original title: Schwarzer Kies) is a German film from 1961.	Black Gravel	1961
publication date	On the Front Page is a 1926 American comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.	On the Front Page	1926
publication date	Benkiya Bale (Kannada: ಬೆಂಕಿಯ ಬಲೆ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada language film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo.	Benkiya Bale	1983
publication date	Won by a Head is a 1920 British silent sports film directed by Percy Nash and starring Rex Davis, Frank Tennant and Vera Cornish.	Won by a Head	1920
publication date	The Sentimental Bloke (1919) is an Australian silent film based on the 1915 poem The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke by C. J. Dennis.	The Sentimental Bloke	1919
publication date	The Prussian Cur is a 1918 American anti-German silent propaganda film produced during World War I. Now considered a lost film, it is notable for telling the story of the Crucified Soldier.	The Prussian Cur	1918
publication date	Good Morning, Miss Dove is a 1955 DeLuxe Color and CinemaScope film which tells the sentimental story of a beloved schoolteacher who reflects back on her life and former students when she is hospitalized.	Good Morning, Miss Dove	1955
publication date	Occasional Coarse Language is a 1998 Australian romantic comedy film about a young woman who loses her boyfriend and job in the same day and tries to get her life back on track.	Occasional Coarse Language	1998
publication date	Missing in America is a 2005 drama film, directed, produced, and written by Gabrielle Savage Dockterman.	Missing in America	2005
publication date	Attack on the Pin-Up Boys, also known as Flower Boys' Series of Terror Events or simply Flower Boys (Hangul: 꽃미남 연쇄 테러사건), is a 2007 South Korean high school mystery/comedy film and is the first film produced by SM Pictures, a subsidiary of SM Entertainment.	Attack on the Pin-Up Boys	2007
publication date	Vennila Veedu (English: Vennila's House) is a 2014 Indian Tamil drama film, written and directed by Vetri Mahalingam.	Vennila Veedu	2014
publication date	Karate Cop is a 1991 direct-to-video martial arts action film.	Karate Cop	1991
publication date	Leprechaun 3 is a 1995 American comedy fantasy horror film.	Leprechaun 3	1995
publication date	Keralida Simha (Kannada: ಕೆರಳಿದ ಸಿಂಹ ) is a 1981 Indian Kannada film directed by Chi Dattaraj.	Keralida Simha	1981
publication date	The Big T.N.T. Show is a 1966 concert film.	The Big T.N.T. Show	1966
publication date	Fancy Baggage (1929) is an early drama film released by Warner Bros. in both a silent version and a part-talkie version.	Fancy Baggage	1929
publication date	Ghunda Raj (Punjabi: غنڈہ راج) is 1994 Pakistani action film.	Ghunda Raj	1994
publication date	The Learning Curve is a 2001 American thriller film about two Los Angeles nightclub scenesters who team up as con artists.	The Learning Curve	2001
publication date	A Soldier's Duty is a film produced by the Edison Company in 1912.	A Soldier's Duty	1912
publication date	Ator 2 - L'invincibile Orion (aka Ator 2: The Blade Master and Day of The Sword Man in Pakistan) is an Italian film that was made in 1984.	Ator 2 - L'invincibile Orion	1984
publication date	Les Soirées de Médan (``Evenings at Médan'') is a collection of six short stories by six different writers associated with Naturalism, first published in 1880.	Les Soirées de Médan	1880
publication date	Bariga Boys is a 2009 Nigerian documentary about street performers Segun Adefila and the Crown Troupe, who use guerrilla theatre, music and drama to address issues of poverty in the slums of Bariga in Lagos.	Bariga Boys	2009
publication date	Land of Oblivion (original French title: La Terre outragée) is a 2011 film by director Michale Boganim.	Land of Oblivion	2011
publication date	No Evidence of Disease was shown in special screenings in 2012 and 2013.	No Evidence of Disease	2013
publication date	Ek Hindustani is an Indian action film which released on 1 October 2003.	Ek Hindustani	2003
publication date	Tutu Much, stylised as TuTuMUCH, is a 2010 Canadian documentary film that focuses on the 9- to 12-year-old entering class of the Royal Winnipeg Ballet's Summer School Program.	Tutu Much	2010
publication date	Aavesha is a 1990 Indian Kannada-language action film written and directed by Perala.	Aavesha	1990
publication date	Home Tweet Home is a 1949 animated short released in 1950 and re-issued in 1958 featuring Sylvester, Tweety, and Hector.	Home Tweet Home	1950
publication date	Sleeping with Strangers is a 1994 romantic comedy.	Sleeping with Strangers	1994
publication date	In 1990, Better Days Ahead won the Special Prize at the Denver Film Festival and Biarritz Film Festival.	Better Days Ahead	1990
publication date	Won by a Neck is a 1930 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.	Won by a Neck	1930
publication date	Nicotina (English: Nicotine) is a six-time Ariel Award winning and six-time nominated 2003 Mexican-Argentine gangster film produced by the same team as the 2000 acclaimed film Amores perros.	Nicotina	2003
publication date	Night Sights, also known as The Void, is a 2011 science fiction drama film.	Night Sights	2011
publication date	Bidugadeya Bedi (Kannada: ಬಿಡುಗಡೆಯ ಬೇಡಿ) is a 1985 Kannada film directed by Dorai-Bhagawan and is based on the novel of the same name by Ta Ra Su.	Bidugadeya Bedi	1985
publication date	Eating Raoul is a 1982 black comedy film about a married couple living in Hollywood who resort to killing swingers for their money.	Eating Raoul	1982
publication date	Girlfriend, Boyfriend (also stylized as Gf*Bf) is a 2012 Taiwanese film directed by Gillies Ya-che Yang.	Girlfriend, Boyfriend	2012
publication date	Buddy's Theatre is an American animated short film, released February 16, 1935 (although one source gives April 1 as a date.)	Buddy's Theatre	1935
publication date	Bijna een dubbele moord in Lutjebroek is a 1920 short Dutch silent film directed by Harry Waghalter.	Bijna een dubbele moord in Lutjebroek	1920
publication date	It Started in Naples is an American romantic comedy film made by Paramount Pictures and released in August 1960.	It Started in Naples	1960
publication date	Jao Sok Jao Sanh is a 2006 Cambodian legendary film starring Sovann Makura and Duch Sophea.	Jao Sok Jao Sanh	2006
publication date	Addams Family Values is a 1993 American dark comedy film, which is the sequel to the 1991 American film The Addams Family.	Addams Family Values	1993
publication date	A Dog Named Gucci is a 2015 documentary film by Gorman Bechard that chronicles the story of an Alabama puppy set on fire, and the man who came to his rescue.	A Dog Named Gucci	2015
publication date	Ghamandee is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film, directed by Ramesh Bedi for producer Kailash Chander.	Ghamandee	1981
publication date	McCanick is a 2013 American crime-drama mystery film directed by Josh C. Waller.	McCanick	2013
publication date	Bacon Grabbers is a 1929 silent comedy short starring Laurel and Hardy.	Bacon Grabbers	1929
publication date	Another Romance of Celluloid is a 1938 short documentary film, narrated by Frank Whitbeck, which goes behind the scenes to look at how film is developed and processed.	Another Romance of Celluloid	1938
publication date	En defensa Propia (``In Self Defence'') is a 1917 Mexican film directed by Joaquín Coss.	En defensa Propia	1917
publication date	When You Remember Me is a 1990 fact-based television movie.	When You Remember Me	1990
publication date	The Triangle Factory Fire Scandal is a 1979 film about the March 25, 1911 Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire, in which 146 garment workers died and which spurred the growth of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union.	The Triangle Factory Fire Scandal	1979
publication date	7 O' Clock is a Kannada romance film released in 2006.	7 O' Clock	2006
publication date	RoboSport is a 1991 turn-based strategy computer game.	RoboSport	1991
publication date	Trek Nation is a 2011 documentary film directed by Scott Colthorp examining the positive impact that Star Trek and creator Gene Roddenberry may have had on people's lives as seen through the eyes of his son, Eugene Roddenberry, Jr. (``Rod'').	Trek Nation	2011
publication date	You Can't Ration Love is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Lester Fuller and written by Val Burton and Hal Fimberg.	You Can't Ration Love	1944
publication date	The Hard Word (released in some regions as The Australian Job) is a 2002 Australian crime film about three bank-robbing brothers who are offered a role in a bold heist while serving time in prison.	The Hard Word	2002
publication date	The Boys from County Clare is a 2003 Irish comedy/drama film about a céilí band from Liverpool that travels to Ireland to compete in a céilí competition in County Clare.	The Boys from County Clare	2003
publication date	Father of a Soldier (Georgian: ჯარისკაცის მამა, translit. jariskats'is mama, Russian: Отец солдата, translit. Otets soldata) is a 1964 Georgian black-and-white World War II-themed drama film directed by Revaz Chkheidze based on a script by Suliko Jghenti.	Father of a Soldier	1964
publication date	Soomran Jo Shujro, (Sindhi: سومرن جو شجرو‎) (Family Tree of Soomra Tribe), a research book written by Faqeer Muhammad Soomro, writer, researcher and columnist from Karachi, Pakistan, published in 2013 by Peacock Printers & Publishers, Karachi, Pakistan.	Soomran Jo Shujro	2013
publication date	Bill Cunningham New York is a 2010 documentary film directed by Richard Press and produced by Philip Gefter.	Bill Cunningham New York	2010
publication date	Homeless for the Holidays is a 2009 Christian-Christmas film by Breathe Motion Pictures.	Homeless for the Holidays	2009
publication date	Mortal Thoughts is a 1991 dramatic mystery thriller, about a woman who is interrogated by the police regarding the death of her friend's husband.	Mortal Thoughts	1991
publication date	Kum Back is the first bootleg album by The Beatles, released in September 1969.	Kum Back	September 1969
publication date	Ghetto Freaks is a 1970 American independent hippie exploitation film directed by Robert J. Emery and written by John Pappas and Robert J. Emery.	Ghetto Freaks	1970
publication date	Hard Hat Mack is a 1983 Apple II game developed by Michael Abbot and Matthew Alexander.	Hard Hat Mack	1983
publication date	Wittgenstein Tractatus is a 1992 film, made by the Hungarian filmmaker Peter Forgacs.	Wittgenstein Tractatus	1992
publication date	Fleeting Beauty is a 2004 Independent short film directed by Virginia Pitts, a lecturer of Waikato University.	Fleeting Beauty	2004
publication date	The Letters Page (Italian: Piccola posta) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.	The Letters Page	1955
publication date	Eththan (Tamil: எத்தன்; English: Clever person), also known as Ethan is a 2011 Indian Tamil language drama film written and directed by L. K. Suresh.	Eththan	2011
publication date	Änglahund is a song written by Hasse Andersson, and recorded on his 1982 album with the same name.	Änglahund	1982
publication date	Live Apocalypse is a double DVD by Arch Enemy, released in 2006.	Live Apocalypse	2006
publication date	What Happened on Twenty-third Street, New York City is a 1901 American short film depicting a woman walking over a grate, the hot air lifting her skirt.	What Happened on Twenty-third Street, New York City	1901
publication date	The Barn Dance (1929), first released on March 14, 1929, was the first of twelve Mickey Mouse shorts released during that year.	The Barn Dance	1929
publication date	Machine Gun Preacher is a 2011 biographical action drama film about Sam Childers, a former gang biker turned preacher and defender of South Sudanese orphans.	Machine Gun Preacher	2011
publication date	The Ducksters is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short animated in 1949 and released in 1950.	The Ducksters	1950
publication date	Something the Lord Made is a 2004 film about the black cardiac pioneer Vivien Thomas and his complex and volatile partnership with white surgeon Alfred Blalock, the world famous ``Blue Baby doctor'' who pioneered modern heart surgery.	Something the Lord Made	2004
publication date	The Battle of London is a 15-minute British propaganda film made in 1941.	The Battle of London	1941
publication date	Family Pictures is a 1993 American made-for-television drama film based on the novel of the same name by Sue Miller.	Family Pictures	1993
publication date	Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl is a 1982 concert film in which the Monty Python comedy troupe perform many of their greatest sketches at the Hollywood Bowl.	Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl	1982
publication date	The Toll Bridge, Bodley Head, 1992, ISBN 978-0-370-31526-3;	The Toll Bridge	1992
publication date	The Break-up Season (Chinese: 毕业那年:分手季) is a 2014 Chinese comedy romance film directed by Yao Yu.	The Break-up Season	2014
publication date	All Power to the People is a 1996 documentary by Lee Lew-Lee about American race relations and the 1960s Civil Rights Movement and covers slavery, civil-rights activists, assassinations and methods used to divide and destroy key figures.	All Power to the People	1996
publication date	This Beautiful City is a Canadian drama film, which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2007 and had a general theatrical release in 2008.	This Beautiful City	2007
publication date	Kanimuthu Paappa (Tamil: கனிமுத்துப் பாப்பா) is a 1972 Indian Tamil film, directed by S. P. Muthuraman and produced by S. Subramaniya Reddiyar.	Kanimuthu Paappa	1972
publication date	Hare Ram is a 2008 Telugu movie directed by Harshavardhan, and produced by Kalyan Ram, under N.T.R. Arts.	Hare Ram	2008
publication date	Vertical Features Remake (1978) is a film by Peter Greenaway.	Vertical Features Remake	1978
publication date	A Very Merry Mix-Up is a 2013 American romance television film directed by Jonathan Wright and starring Alicia Witt, Mark Wiebe, and Scott Gibson.	A Very Merry Mix-Up	2013
publication date	Chhailla Babu (Alternate name: Chhaila Babu)(English language: Cool Guy) is a suspense thriller, 1977 Bollywood film.	Chhailla Babu	1977
publication date	Chaudhvin Ka Chand is a 1960 Hindi/Urdu feature film directed by Mohammed Sadiq.	Chaudhvin Ka Chand	1960
publication date	Leading to War is a 2008 American documentary film composed entirely of archival news footage of the declarations of the United States President George W. Bush and his administration explaining their reasons to attack Iraq in 2003.	Leading to War	2008
publication date	Panitheeratha Veedu (Malayalam: പണിതീരാത്ത വീട്, Translation: The Incomplete House) is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by KS Sethumadhavan .	Panitheeratha Veedu	1973
publication date	Betty Boop's Little Pal is a 1934 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop, and featuring Pudgy the Puppy (in his first appearance).	Betty Boop's Little Pal	1934
publication date	Seer 2 (Chinese: 赛尔号大电影2之雷伊与迈尔斯) is a 2012 Chinese animated-French fantasy adventure film based on an online game.	Seer 2	2012
publication date	Blondie Has Servant Trouble is a 1940 American film, the sixth of the series of 28 Blondie movies.	Blondie Has Servant Trouble	1940
publication date	Oromay (an Eritrean Tigrinya word meaning 'it is pointless', borrowed from the Italian oramai) is an Amharic-language novel, published in 1983.	Oromay	1983
publication date	Film Geek is a 2005 independent film written and directed by James Westby and starring Melik Malkasian as Scotty Pelk.	Film Geek	2005
publication date	Naked Africa is a 1957 documentary about Africa.	Naked Africa	1957
publication date	Martial Masters (Chinese: 形意拳 Xíngyìqúan; Japanese name: シンイーケン, Shin-Ī Ken) is an arcade fighting game developed by IGS and released in 1999.	Martial Masters	1999
publication date	Pretend You Don't See Her is a 2002 television film based on the novel by Mary Higgins Clark.	Pretend You Don't See Her	2002
publication date	Challenging Impossibility is a 2011 documentary film which chronicles the weightlifting odyssey of the spiritual teacher Sri Chinmoy, who in 1985 at the age of 54 took up weightlifting and performing feats of strength using the power of meditation.	Challenging Impossibility	2011
publication date	Hold That Pose is a 1950 American animated cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.	Hold That Pose	1950
publication date	The President's Barber (Hangul: 효자동 이발사; RR: Hyojadong Ibalsa) is a 2004 South Korean film directed by Im Chan-sang.	The President's Barber	2004
publication date	Is My Palm Read is a 1933 Pre-Code Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop, and featuring Koko the Clown and Bimbo.	Is My Palm Read	1933
publication date	Before the Mountain Was Moved is a 1970 American documentary film produced by Robert K. Sharpe.	Before the Mountain Was Moved	1970
publication date	20 Years After is a 2008 American post-apocalyptic film.	20 Years After	2008
publication date	The Woman the Germans Shot is a 1918 American silent war biographical film based on the life and career of Nurse Edith Cavell.	The Woman the Germans Shot	1918
publication date	Hoodwinked! (alternatively styled Hoodwinked) is a 2005 American computer-animated family comedy film.	Hoodwinked!	2005
publication date	Chehraa (English: Face), starring Bipasha Basu, Dino Morea, Preeti Jhangiani, and Irrfan Khan, is a Bollywood thriller, released on 18 February 2005.	Chehraa	2005
publication date	The Groundsman is a 2013 short film produced by the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland.	The Groundsman	2013
publication date	Moordwijven (Murdering Babes) is a 2007 black comedy about millionaire wives who get revenge on their cheating husbands by having them killed.	Moordwijven	2007
publication date	Mockingbird Lane is a 2012 television special developed as a re-imagining of the 1960s CBS sitcom The Munsters.	Mockingbird Lane	2012
publication date	Acá las tortas (``Tortas Here'') is a 1951 Mexican film.	Acá las tortas	1951
publication date	Learning with FuzzyWOMP is an educational maths game aimed at preschoolers, released by Sierra On-Line in 1984 for the Apple II. The game is similar to Learning with Leeper (1983).	Learning with FuzzyWOMP	1984
publication date	Salt Mango Tree is a 2015 Malayalam-language Indian comedy drama film directed by Rajesh Nair, starring Biju Menon, Lakshmi Priyaa Chandramouli and Suhasini Maniratnam.	Salt Mango Tree	2015
publication date	Scarlet Road is a 2011 documentary that explores the life of Australian Rachel Wotton, a prostitute who is based in New South Wales (where prostitution is decriminalised) and sells sex to clients who have disabilities.	Scarlet Road	2011
publication date	Tarzan Triumphs is a 1943 adventure film in which Tarzan fights the Nazis.	Tarzan Triumphs	1943
publication date	Vegucated is a 2011 American documentary film that explores the challenges of converting to a vegan diet.	Vegucated	2011
publication date	Prince of Bel Air is a 1986 romantic comedy television movie which starred Mark Harmon, Kirstie Alley, and Robert Vaughn.	Prince of Bel Air	1986
publication date	The Dickson Experimental Sound Film is a film made by William Dickson in late 1894 or early 1895.	The Dickson Experimental Sound Film	1894
publication date	Flerte Fatal (in English: ``Fatal Flirtation'') is an album by Brazilian singer Rita Lee in partnership with her husband Roberto de Carvalho, released in 1987, the album features hits like ``Pega Rapaz'', ``Bwana'' and ``Flerte Fatal''	Flerte Fatal	1987
publication date	Only Trust Your Heart is the second album by Canadian jazz pianist and vocalist Diana Krall, released in 1995.	Only Trust Your Heart	1995
publication date	The Brady Bunch in the White House is a 2002 made-for-TV movie.	The Brady Bunch in the White House	2002
publication date	De Taali was released on 20 June 2008	De Taali	2008
publication date	Blue Thunder is a 1983 action thriller film that features a high-tech helicopter of the same name.	Blue Thunder	1983
publication date	Along the Oregon Trail is a 1947 American Western film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Earle Snell.	Along the Oregon Trail	1947
publication date	The Banger Sisters is a 2002 American comedy film produced by Fox Searchlight Pictures about the reunion of two middle-aged women who used to be friends and groupies when they were young.	The Banger Sisters	2002
publication date	Eight Days to Live is a 2006 television film produced by CTV about a mother who organizes a search and rescue for her son who drives off the road in the Northern Fraser Valley of British Columbia.	Eight Days to Live	2006
publication date	Stormland (Icelandic: Rokland) is a 2011 Icelandic comedy film directed by Marteinn Thorsson.	Stormland	2011
publication date	The Wrong Mr. Perkins is a 1931 British short comedy film directed by Arthur Varney and starring Herbert Mundin, John Stuart and Frederick Volpe.	The Wrong Mr. Perkins	1931
publication date	Five Golden Flowers (Chinese: 五朶金花; pinyin: Wǔ duo jīnhuā) is a Chinese romantic musical film released in 1959.	Five Golden Flowers	1959
publication date	Dust to Glory (2005) is a documentary about the famous Baja 1000 off-road race.	Dust to Glory	2005
publication date	Surrogates is a 2009 American science fiction action film, based on the 2005--2006 comic book series The Surrogates.	Surrogates	2009
publication date	Letters to a Stranger is a 2007 Nigerian romantic comedy drama film written by Victor Sanchez Aghahowa, produced and directed by Fred Amata.	Letters to a Stranger	2007
publication date	Three Hollywood Girls is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle (billed as William Goodrich).	Three Hollywood Girls	1931
publication date	Dev.D is an Indian romantic black comedy drama released on 6 February 2009.	Dev.D	2009
publication date	Aridhu Aridhu is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by K. R. Mathivanan, an assistant of director Shankar, directing his maiden venture.	Aridhu Aridhu	2010
publication date	The Courtship of Andy Hardy is a 1942 film, part of the Andy Hardy series.	The Courtship of Andy Hardy	1942
publication date	Night Life in Reno is a 1931 American film directed by actor/screenwriter Raymond Cannon.	Night Life in Reno	1931
publication date	El Perfecto Desconocido or ``The Perfect Stranger'' is a 2011 film that was directed by Toni Bestard and stars Colm Meaney as the main character Mark O'Reilly.	El Perfecto Desconocido	2011
publication date	Manjupoloru Penkutti is a 2004 Malayalam film about a teenager girl who is abused by her stepfather.	Manjupoloru Penkutti	2004
publication date	Chaarfutiya Chhokare is a 2014 Bollywood thriller film, written and directed by Manish Harishankar and produced by Sunill Khosla & Vibha Dutta Khosla.The storyline is based on the subject of child-trafficking.	Chaarfutiya Chhokare	2014
publication date	Wedding in Malinovka (Russian: Свадьба в Малиновке, Svadba v Malinovke) is a 1967 Soviet musical comedy film directed by Andrei Tutyshkin based on an operetta by Boris Aleksandrov adapted by Leonid Yukhvid.	Wedding in Malinovka	1967
publication date	Ice Cream 2 is a 2014 Telugu, slasher film, released on 21 November 2014 to negative to neutral reviews.	Ice Cream 2	2014
publication date	Robotrix (Chinese 女机械人 pinyin: nǚ jīxièrén ``Woman Robot'') is a 1991 Hong Kong science fiction exploitation film directed by Jamie Luk Kin-ming and produced by the Golden Harvest Company.	Robotrix	1991
publication date	A Is for Atom is a 14-minute 1953 promotional animated short documentary film created by John Sutherland and sponsored by General Electric (GE).	A Is for Atom	1953
publication date	Dus Kahaniyaan (Hindi: दस कहानियां Das Kahāniyāṃ, Ten Tales) is a 2007 anthology Indian film comprising ten short films telling ten different stories which are directed by a host of six directors.	Dus Kahaniyaan	2007
publication date	Like Stone Lions at the Gateway into Night (French: 'Comme des lions de pierre à l'entrée de la nuit') is a 2012 documentary film by Olivier Zuchuat.	Like Stone Lions at the Gateway into Night	2012
publication date	Desert of Blood is a 2008 independent film about a vampire, Luis Diego, who has been left imprisoned underground by the village priest.	Desert of Blood	2008
publication date	The Keys to the White House is a 1996 book about a historically based prediction system for determining the outcome of presidential elections in the United States.	The Keys to the White House	1996
publication date	The Good Witch's Gift premiered on November 13, 2010 and is the third installment in the Hallmark Channel's series of The Good Witch telefilms, the first of which premiered on the Hallmark Channel on January 19, 2008.	The Good Witch's Gift	2010
publication date	Metzitzim (Hebrew: מציצים‎, English: Peeping Toms) is a 1972 Israeli comedy film that has become a cult film.	Metzitzim	1972
publication date	Arrest Bulldog Drummond is an American crime thriller film, produced in 1939.	Arrest Bulldog Drummond	1939
publication date	Pink Smoke over the Vatican is a 2011 documentary film by Jules Hart about women who have been ordained as priests in the Roman Catholic Church despite their status as invalid.	Pink Smoke over the Vatican	2011
publication date	Amar Jaan Amar Pran (Bengali: আমার জান আমার প্রাণ ) is a Dhallywood action-romance film, released on December 8, 2008.	Amar Jaan Amar Pran	2008
publication date	November Blues is a young adult novel by Sharon M. Draper, first published in 2007.	November Blues	2007
publication date	Dragon Fighter is a Sci Fi Pictures original film that premiered on January 4, 2003 and was directed by Phillip J. Roth.	Dragon Fighter	2003
publication date	Tú, solo tú (``You, Only You'') is a 1950 Mexican film.	Tú, solo tú	1950
publication date	When Romance Meets Destiny (Hangul: 광식이 동생 광태; RR: Gwangsiki dongsaeng gwangtae; lit. ``Gwang-sik's Younger Brother Gwang-tae'') is a 2005 South Korean romantic comedy about two brothers and their different approaches to love.	When Romance Meets Destiny	2005
publication date	The Denouncement of Chu Liu Hsiang, alternatively known as Legendary Swordsman or Titanium Blade, is a 1983 Taiwanese film written by Gu Long.	The Denouncement of Chu Liu Hsiang	1983
publication date	Last of the Long-haired Boys is a 1968 British drama film directed by Peter Everett and starring Richard Todd, Gillian Raine and Patrick Barr.	Last of the Long-haired Boys	1968
publication date	Manganinnie is an AFI Award-winning 1980 film which follows the journey of Manganinnie, a Tasmanian Aboriginal woman who searches for her tribe with the company of a young, lost white girl named Joanna.	Manganinnie	1980
publication date	Marriage with a Fool is a 2006 Hong Kong film produced in Hong Kong.	Marriage with a Fool	2006
publication date	Chanakya Chandragupta (Telugu: చాణక్య చంద్రగుప్త) is a 1977 Telugu Historical film.	Chanakya Chandragupta	1977
publication date	Rise of the Gargoyles (A.K.A. La fureur des gargouilles in France) is a 2009 television film directed by Bill Corcoran and produced for the Syfy channel.	Rise of the Gargoyles	2009
publication date	En riktig jävla schlager is a song written by Kjell Jennstig, Leif Goldkuhl and Henrik Dorsin, and performed by Ravaillacz during Melodifestivalen 2013, where the song ended up 10th.	En riktig jävla schlager	2013
publication date	The Dolebludgers is a 1979 Australian TV movie about teenagers looking for work.	The Dolebludgers	1979
publication date	Pappa Ante Portas is a 1991 German comedy film directed by and starring Loriot and Renate Westphal-Lorenz.	Pappa Ante Portas	1991
publication date	The Final Frontier is the fifteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 13 August 2010 in Germany, Austria and Finland, 17 August in North America, 18 August in Japan, and 16 August worldwide.	The Final Frontier	13 August 2010
publication date	Qissa Panjab is a 2015 Punjabi film directed by Jatinder Mauhar, is a story of six individuals and how their lives take a significant turn when they meet each other.	Qissa Panjab	2015
publication date	The Farewell Party (Hebrew: מיתה טובה‎ Mita Tova) is a 2014 Israeli drama film about the use of a euthanasia device, directed by Tal Granit and Sharon Maymon.	The Farewell Party	2014
publication date	They Go Boom is a 1929 short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy.	They Go Boom	1929
publication date	Paradise Camp is a 1986 documentary about Theresienstadt concentration camp in Czechoslovakia, written and directed by the Australians Paul Rea and Frank Heimans, respectively.	Paradise Camp	1986
publication date	When I Grow Up, I'll Be a Kangaroo is a 2004 Serbian comedy film directed by Radivoje Andrić, and released by Yodi Movie Craftsman.	When I Grow Up, I'll Be a Kangaroo	2004
publication date	The Secret of Deep Harbor is a 1961 film.	Secret of Deep Harbor	1961
publication date	The impetus for Silent Spring was a letter written in January 1958 by Carson's friend, Olga Owens Huckins, to The Boston Herald, describing the death of birds around her property resulting from the aerial spraying of DDT to kill mosquitoes, a copy of which Huckins sent to Carson.	Silent Spring	1958
publication date	Jucy is an Australian comedy feature film produced in 2010 about the womance between two best female friends.	Jucy	2010
publication date	Death Bell (Hangul: 고死: 피의 중간고사; RR: Gosa: Piui Junggangosa) is a 2008 South Korean film.	Death Bell	2008
publication date	Mysterious Mose is a 1930 Fleischer Studios Talkartoon animated short released through Paramount Pictures.	Mysterious Mose	1930
publication date	Good Copy Bad Copy (subtitled ``A documentary about the current state of copyright and culture'') is a 2007 documentary film about copyright and culture in the context of Internet, peer-to-peer file sharing and other technological advances, directed by Andreas Johnsen, Ralf Christensen, and Henrik Moltke.	Good Copy Bad Copy	2007
publication date	I Am Nancy is a 2011 American documentary focused on actress Heather Langenkamp's experience playing the iconic character Nancy Thompson from the A Nightmare on Elm Street franchise	I Am Nancy	2011
publication date	Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum is a 2009 Indian Tamil drama film, directed by debutante Rajamohan, who earlier worked under renowned directors like A. Venkatesh and S. D. Vijay Milton, which stars newcomers Ramakrishnan and Thananya in lead roles.	Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum	2009
publication date	Past Minutes (Portuguese: Minutos Atrás) is a 2013 Brazilian comedy-fantasy film directed and written by Caio Sóh.	Past Minutes	2013
publication date	Live at the Rotterdam Ahoy is a live album recorded by Deep Purple on 30 October 2000 and released in 2001.	Live at the Rotterdam Ahoy	2001
publication date	Following their popularity online, the episodes were released on DVD in 2001 under the full title The House of Morecock:	The House of Morecock	2001
publication date	A Son Is Born is a 1946 Australian melodrama.	A Son Is Born	1946
publication date	Platypus Cove is a 1983 Australian TV movie about a tugboat.	Platypus Cove	1983
publication date	Starry Eyes is a 2014 American horror film directed and written by Kevin Kölsch and Dennis Widmyer.	Starry Eyes	2014
publication date	As Far as My Feet Will Carry Me (German: So weit die Füße tragen) is a 2001 film about German World War II prisoner of war Clemens Forell's escape from a Siberian Gulag in the Soviet Union back to Germany.	As Far as My Feet Will Carry Me	2001
publication date	SuckSeed (SuckSeed ห่วยขั้นเทพ SuckSeed: Huay Khan Thep) is a 2011 Thai comedy film.	SuckSeed	2011
publication date	The Burning Hills is a 1956 Warner Bros. CinemaScope Western based on a 1956 novel by Louis L'Amour.	The Burning Hills	1956
publication date	Janur Kuning (literally Yellow Coconut Leaves) is a 1980 Indonesian war film directed by Alam Surawidjaja and produced by Abbas Wiranatakusuma.	Janur Kuning	1980
publication date	Se la llevó el Remington (``He Took the Remington'') is a 1948 Mexican film.	Se la llevó el Remington	1948
publication date	Suing the Pope is a March 2002 documentary by Colm O'Gorman and the BBC which details the abusive activities of priest Sean Fortune and the response of the diocese of Ferns to his activities over the years.	Suing the Pope	2002
publication date	Jump 'n Bump is a 1998 freeware MS-DOS platform video game by Brainchild Design.	Jump 'n Bump	1998
publication date	Shattered Galaxy is a massively multiplayer online real-time strategy game (MMORTS) that was released in 2001 by Nexon Inc., now known as KRU Interactive, after an extensive open beta period.	Shattered Galaxy	2001
publication date	Isle of Fury is a 1936 adventure movie, starring Humphrey Bogart and Margaret Lindsay, about a shipwrecked gangster (Bogart) and the detective (Donald Woods) sent to arrest him.	Isle of Fury	1936
publication date	Aunt Jane's Nieces on Vacation is a 1912 novel by L.Frank Baum, writing under the name ``Edith Van Dyne''.	Aunt Jane's Nieces on Vacation	1912
publication date	Kids Can Say No!, released in October 1985 on VHS in the United Kingdom, was the first British children's film about sexual abuse and was purchased by police forces, educational institutions, and libraries across Europe.	Kids Can Say No!	October 1985
publication date	Returning to the 'A' (Russian: Возвращение в ``А'') is a 2011 Kazakhstani drama film directed by Egor Konchalovsky.	Returning to the 'A'	2011
publication date	4 years in the making, Slices of Life completed production in 2010.	Slices of Life	2010
publication date	Forgetting to Know You is a 2013 Chinese drama film written and directed by Quan Ling.	Forgetting to Know You	2013
publication date	The Haverstraw Tunnel is an early black and white silent film released in 1897 by the American Mutoscope Company.	The Haverstraw Tunnel	1897
publication date	Jai Radhe Krishna is a 1974 Bollywood devotional film directed by Yeshwant Pethkar.	Jai Radhe Krishna	1974
publication date	Coming Out Alive is a 1980 Canadian television thriller film starring Helen Shaver, Scott Hylands, and Michael Ironside while being directed by Don McBrearty.	Coming Out Alive	1980
publication date	Yeh Kaisi Mohabbat is a 2002 Hindi language musical drama romance directed by Dinkar Kapur.	Yeh Kaisi Mohabbat	2002
publication date	The Muncher (developed under the title T-Wrecks) is a computer game for the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum that was released in 1988.	The Muncher	1988
publication date	The God Who Is There is a Christian apologetic work written by American philosopher and Christian theologian Francis A. Schaeffer, published in 1968.	The God Who Is There	1968
publication date	Inequality for All is a 2013 documentary film directed by Jacob Kornbluth.	Inequality for All	2013
publication date	Conqueror A.D. 1086 is a medieval strategy computer game released in 1995 by Sierra On-Line, Inc.	Conqueror A.D. 1086	1995
publication date	Hammersmith Is Out is a 1972 comedy film based on the legend of Faust.	Hammersmith Is Out	1972
publication date	Gippi is a 2013 Hindi drama film, directed by Sonam Nair and produced by Karan Johar.	Gippi	2013
publication date	Pramanikal is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Augustine Prakash, starring Saikumar and Maathu in the lead roles.	Pramanikal	1992
publication date	One Got Fat is a 1963 bicycle safety film.	One Got Fat	1963
publication date	A Mother's Prayer is a 1995 film made for the USA Network starring Linda Hamilton, in a Golden Globe-nominated performance, as a woman who learns she has contracted the AIDS virus and must make plans for the care of her only son.	A Mother's Prayer	1995
publication date	Heroes of the Flames is a 1931 American Pre-Code Universal movie serial.	Heroes of the Flames	1931
publication date	An Honest Liar is a 2014 biographical feature film documentary, directed and produced by Justin Weinstein and Tyler Measom, written by Weinstein, Greg O'Toole and Measom, produced through Left Turn Films, Pure Mutt Productions and Part2 Filmworks, and distributed by Abramorama.	An Honest Liar	2014
publication date	English Female Artists, in two volumes, assembled and edited by Ellen Creathorne Clayton, lists an overview of prominent English women painters up to 1876, the year of publication.	English Female Artists	1876
publication date	12 to the Moon is a 1960 science fiction film depicting a moon landing by an international crew.	12 to the Moon	1960
publication date	Yes, Yes, Nanette is a 1925 American silent film comedy starring James Finlayson.	Yes, Yes, Nanette	1925
publication date	Blood of the Beast is a 2003 American experimental horror film directed by, written by, and starring Georg Koszulinski.	Blood of the Beast	2003
publication date	The Mongrel (Italian: Razzabastarda, also spelled Razza bastarda) is a 2013 Italian thriller-drama film.	The Mongrel	2013
publication date	Info Wars (styled as info wars) is a 2004 film which shows the mechanics of modern information warfare and media hacking.	Info Wars	2004
publication date	Dinky Hocker is an American television teen comedy/drama that aired as an ABC Afterschool Special on December 12, 1979.	Dinky Hocker	1979
publication date	Secret Reunion (Hangul: 의형제; hanja: 義兄弟; RR: Uihyeongje; lit. ``Sworn Brothers'' or ``Blood Brothers'') is a 2010 South Korean spy thriller film directed by Jang Hoon, and one of the highest grossing Korean films of 2010.	Secret Reunion	2010
publication date	Walt Disney's Story Land: 55 Favorite Stories is a series of books published over the years from 1962-1999 published by Golden Press.	Walt Disney's Story Land: 55 Favorite Stories	1962
publication date	The Handbook of British Birds was a pioneering bird guide by H.F. Witherby, Rev. F.C.R. Jourdain, Norman F. Ticehurst and Bernard W. Tucker, published in five volumes by H. F. & G. Witherby between 1938-1941.	Handbook of British Birds	1938
publication date	Fancy Paradise (空想天国 Kūsō tengoku) is a 1968 Japanese comic science fiction film directed by Takeshi 'Ken' Matsumori from a screenplay by Yasuo Tanami.	Fancy Paradise	1968
publication date	Due to financial difficulties, Message to Love wasn't released until 1997, 27 years after the event, after premiering at a San Jose film festival in 1995.	Message to Love	1997
publication date	Madhya Venal is a 2009 Malayalam film produced by Jahangir Shamz under the banner of Xarfnet Movies.	Madhya Venal	2009
publication date	Mangus! is a 2011 comedy film written, produced, and directed by Ash Christian.	Mangus!	2011
publication date	Bapi Bari Jaa is a 2012 Bengali Romantic comedy film directed by Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha.	Bapi Bari Jaa	2012
publication date	Bitter Love (Chinese: 哭恋) is a 2014 Chinese romantic drama film directed by Li Jide.	Bitter Love	2014
publication date	It was published in Augsburg in 1603 by Christoph Mang (Christophorus Mangus) under the full title Uranometria : omnium asterismorum continens schemata, nova methodo delineata, aereis laminis expressa.	Uranometria	1603
publication date	Lake Placid 3 is a 2010 made-for-television horror comedy film directed by Griff Furst.	Lake Placid 3	2010
publication date	Laxdale Hall is a 1953 British romantic comedy film directed by John Eldridge and starring Ronald Squire, Kathleen Ryan, Raymond Huntley and Sebastian Shaw, with Prunella Scales and Fulton Mackay in early roles.	Laxdale Hall	1953
publication date	New Tales of the Flying Fox is a 1984 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel The Young Flying Fox.	New Tales of the Flying Fox	1984
publication date	Knights of Bloodsteel is a 2009 television film, produced by Reunion Pictures.	Knights of Bloodsteel	2009
publication date	D-Day the Sixth of June is a 1956 romantic CinemaScope war film made by 20th Century Fox.	D-Day the Sixth of June	1956
publication date	Ukraine Is Not a Brothel is a 2013 Australian film directed by Kitty Green.	Ukraine Is Not a Brothel	2013
publication date	Sunrise at Campobello is a 1960 Warner Bros. biographical film telling the story of the struggles of future President of the United States Franklin Delano Roosevelt and his family when Roosevelt was stricken with paralysis at the age of 39 in August 1921.	Sunrise at Campobello	1960
publication date	Prathima (Kannada: ಪ್ರತಿಮಾ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by Sudhir Menon.	Prathima	1978
publication date	Third World Posse is a limited edition EP by the Brazilian thrash metal band Sepultura, released exclusively in Australia in 1992.	Third World Posse	1992
publication date	Ex Fighting (Chinese: 房车奇遇) is a 2014 Chinese comedy romance film directed by Lu Yang.	Ex Fighting	2014
publication date	A Wrong Way to Love (Italian: Amarsi male) is a 1969 Italian drama film.	A Wrong Way to Love	1969
publication date	Dorangia Daku is a 1940 Bollywood film which was directed by Harnam Singh Rawail.	Dorangia Daku	1940
publication date	Pelican Blood is a 2010 film which premiered at the 2010 Edinburgh Film Festival.	Pelican Blood	2010
publication date	Asian Stories (formerly known as Asian Stories (Book 3) is a 2006 American independent feature film. Its running time is 98 minutes; it was shot in Super 16mm format.	Asian Stories	2006
publication date	Sthalam is a 2011 Malayalam movie written and directed by Kaviyoor Sivaprasad, and produced by Mariam Anoop and Rajesh S Nair under the banner of Avagama creations.	Sthalam	2011
publication date	Gulf Run (2004)	Gulf Run	2004
publication date	The Very Late Afternoon of a Faun (Czech: Faunovo velmi pozdní odpoledne) is a 1983 Czechoslovak comedy film adapted from the Jiří Brdečka 1966 novel of the same name; directed by Věra Chytilová.This was Chytilová's only post Soviet invasion collaboration with screenwriter Ester Krumbachová.	The Very Late Afternoon of a Faun	1983
publication date	Haunters (Hangul: 초능력자; RR: Choneungryeokja; lit. ``Psychic'') is a 2010 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Min-seok.	Haunters	2010
publication date	I Am Slave is a 2010 television film produced for Channel 4 on the story of one woman's fight for freedom from modern-day slavery.	I Am Slave	2010
publication date	Stag Night of the Dead is a 2010 low budget British comedy horror film, written and directed by Neil ``Napoleon'' Jones.	Stag Night of the Dead	2010
publication date	Toward the Unknown (also titled Brink of Hell in its UK release) is a 1956 movie about the dawn of supersonic flight filmed on location at Edwards Air Force Base.	Toward the Unknown	1956
publication date	Marines in the Making is a 1942 short propaganda film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer about the United States Marine Corps.	Marines in the Making	1942
publication date	Itha Innu Muthal is a 1984 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Reji (T.S.Suresh Babu), starring Shankar, Sreenath, Maniyanpilla Raju, Ranipadmini in lead roles with extended comeos by Mammootty and Mohanlal.	Itha Innu Muthal	1984
publication date	Cheerful Givers is a 1917 American silent comedy-drama film produced by the Fine Arts Film Company and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation.	Cheerful Givers	1917
publication date	New World Disorder II - Fat Tire Fury is the title of the second film of the series of New World Disorder Mountain-biking film series, released in 2001, the film was a success and popular enough to allow for a further continuation of the series with many more films to come.	New World Disorder II	2001
publication date	Insaf Ki Pukar (English: Shout of Justice) is a 1987 Indian Bollywood Action film, produced by Raj Bhaktiani, Ramesh Gwalani on Shivkala Movies banner, directed by Rama Rao Tatineni.	Insaf Ki Pukar	1987
publication date	Ilavelpu or Ilavelupu (Telugu: ఇలవేల్పు) is a 1956 Telugu Drama film produced by L. V. Prasad and directed by D. Yoganand.	Ilavelpu	1956
publication date	A Little Bit Zombie is a 2012 zombie comedy horror film that was directed by Casey Walker.	A Little Bit Zombie	2012
publication date	(Otto) is a 2015 Dutch animated short film directed by Job Roggeveen, Joris Oprins and Marieke Blaauw, from the Dutch animation studio Job, Joris & Marieke.	(Otto)	2015
publication date	A Friend's Betrayal, also released as Stolen Youth, is a 1996 television drama film directed by Christopher Leitch.	A Friend's Betrayal	1996
publication date	Kermit's Swamp Years is a 2002 direct-to-video film, directed by David Gumpel, featuring Jim Henson's Muppets, including a young Kermit and his best friends Goggles and Croaker, who travel outside their homes in the swamps of the Deep South to do something extraordinary with their lives.	Kermit's Swamp Years	2002
publication date	A Business Buccaneer is a 1912 American short silent comedy film.	A Business Buccaneer	1912
publication date	The Green Hornet Strikes Again! (1941) is a Universal movie serial based on The Green Hornet radio series by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker.	The Green Hornet Strikes Again!	1941
publication date	Hazardous and Unhealthy (Greek: Varea anthygieina) is a 2003 Greek drama film directed by Antonis Papadoupoulos.	Hazardous and Unhealthy	2003
publication date	Shapamoksham is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jesey and produced by Cartoonist Thomas.	Shapamoksham	1974
publication date	Raama Raavanan is a 2010 film based on the novel Manomi by Madhavikutty.	Raama Raavanan	2010
publication date	Kiss Toledo Goodbye is a 1999 independent comedy/thriller film directed by Lyndon Chubbuck.	Kiss Toledo Goodbye	1999
publication date	Voices in the Tunnels (Formerly titled ``In Search of the Mole People'') is a 2008 documentary directed by Vic David, a New York City filmmaker and a graduate from New York University.	Voices in the Tunnels	2008
publication date	Bonanza Bunny is a 1959 Bugs Bunny cartoon featuring French Canadian claim jumper Blacque Jacque Shellacque.	Bonanza Bunny	1959
publication date	Una Bala es mi testigo (``A Bullet is my Witness'') is a 1960 Mexican Western film.	Una Bala es mi testigo	1960
publication date	Rajaraja Cholan is a 1973 Tamil film about the life of the Chola king Rajaraja Chola.	Rajaraja Cholan	1973
publication date	Myn Bala (Kazakh: Жаужүрек мың бала) is a 2011 Kazakhstani historical dramatic film depicting the overthrow of Zungharian oppressors.	Myn Bala	2011
publication date	Never Cry Werewolf is a Canadian 2008 television film starring Kevin Sorbo and Nina Dobrev.	Never Cry Werewolf	2008
publication date	Bandhu Balaga (Kannada: ಬಂಧು ಬಳಗ) is a 2008 Kannada sentiment drama film directed by Naganna and written by Janardhan Maharshi.	Bandhu Balaga	2008
publication date	2Bobule (English: 2Grapes) is a 2009 Czech comedy film directed by Vlad Lanné.	2Bobule	2009
publication date	En rachâchant is a 1982 short French film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean-Marie Straub.	En rachâchant	1982
publication date	The Chimp is a Laurel and Hardy short film made in 1932.	The Chimp	1932
publication date	Akashangalil is a 2015 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Rixon Xavier, starring veteran actor Shankar in an extended special appearance.	Akashangalil	2015
publication date	Through the Eyes of a Painter is 1967 Indian film written, directed & filmed by M.F. Husain, the famous Indian painter.	Through the Eyes of a Painter	1967
publication date	Rust and Bone (French: De rouille et d'os) is a 2012 French--	Rust and Bone	2012
publication date	The 957th Day was a propaganda short produced by the US Navy in 1944.	The 957th Day	1944
publication date	Uyarndha Ullam is a 1985 Tamil-language drama film directed by S. P. Muthuraman and produced by AVM Productions.	Uyarndha Ullam	1985
publication date	The Crucifix is a 1934 black-and-white film directed by G.B. Samuelson.	The Crucifix	1934
publication date	Destination Tokyo is a 1943 submarine war film.	Destination Tokyo	1943
publication date	The Legend of Boggy Creek is a 1972 horror docudrama about the ``Fouke Monster,'' a Bigfoot-type creature that has been seen in and around Fouke, Arkansas since the 1950s.	The Legend of Boggy Creek	1972
publication date	Shake, Rattle and Roll 8 is a 2006 horror film and was an entry for the 32nd Metro Manila Film Festival.	Shake, Rattle and Roll 8	2006
publication date	San Demetrio London is a 1943 World War II docudrama based on the true story of the 1940 rescue of the tanker MV San Demetrio by parts of her own crew after she had been set afire by the German heavy cruiser Admiral Scheer and then had been abandoned, during the Battle of the Atlantic.	San Demetrio London	1943
publication date	The Lords of High Decision is a 1916 American short silent drama film, directed by Jack Harvey.	The Lords of High Decision	1916
publication date	Aila Re Odia Pua (Odia: ଆଇଲା ରେ ଓଡିଆ ପୁଅ; English: Here Comes the Oriya boy) is a 2009 Indian Oriya film directed by Vikash Das.	Aila Re Odia Pua	2009
publication date	Far Away and Long Ago (Spanish: Allá lejos y hace tiempo) is a 1978 Argentine film based on the memoir of the same title by William Henry Hudson.	Far Away and Long Ago	1978
publication date	Barfuß bis zum Hals (English: Barefoot to the Neck) is a German comedy television film released in 2009.	Barfuß bis zum Hals	2009
publication date	The Death of Stalinism in Bohemia is a 1990 animated independent short film.	The Death of Stalinism in Bohemia	1990
publication date	Sally Marshall Is Not an Alien is a 1999 family drama film starring Helen Neville, Natalie Vansier, and Thea Gumbert.	Sally Marshall Is Not an Alien	1999
publication date	Who Moved My Dream (Chinese: 谁动了我的梦想) is a 2014 Chinese comedy drama romance film directed by Wang Wei and Jackson Pat. It was released on December 11 in China.	Who Moved My Dream	2014
publication date	Bermuda Syndrome is a PC game developed by Century Interactive and published by BMG Interactive in 1995.	Bermuda Syndrome	1995
publication date	Kuiba 2 (Chinese: 魁拔之大战元泱界) is a 2013 Chinese animated fantasy action adventure film directed by Chuan Wang.	Kuiba 2	2013
publication date	The Legend of Lobo is a 1962 American film that follows the life and adventures of Lobo, a wolf born and raised in southwestern North America.	The Legend of Lobo	1962
publication date	Devil's Mile is a 2014 American-Canadian horror film and the feature film directorial debut of Joseph O'Brien, who also co-wrote the script and created the film's special effects.	Devil's Mile	2014
publication date	Moondram Pirai was released on 19 February 1982 to positive critical reception.	Moondram Pirai	19 February 1982
publication date	Tor Naam is a 2012 Bengali movie directed by Jay Shankar and produced by Weird Industries.	Tor Naam	2012
publication date	Reluctant Bride (also known as Two Grooms for a Bride) is a 1955 British comedy film.	Reluctant Bride	1955
publication date	Salam Father is a documentary film made by Australian filmmaker Salam Ziusudras in 2009.	Salam Father	2009
publication date	Wild and Woolfy is a 1945 animated cartoon short, one of six cartoons in which Droopy was paired with a wolf.	Wild and Woolfy	1945
publication date	Nudist Colony of the Dead is a 1991 horror comedy musical film written and directed by Mark Pirro (who has also worked under the names Marky Dolittle and Marky Elfman).	Nudist Colony of the Dead	1991
publisher	The Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology was a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.	Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology	American Psychological Association
publisher	Arteriosclerosis, Thrombosis, and Vascular Biology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American Heart Association.	Arteriosclerosis, Thrombosis, and Vascular Biology	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
publisher	The Journal of Applied Physiology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal of physiology published by the American Physiological Society.	Journal of Applied Physiology	American Physiological Society
publisher	NHL 97 is an ice hockey video game by EA Sports.	NHL 97	EA Sports
publisher	Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4.	Until Dawn	Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher	Kokotoni Wilf is an arcade adventure game released by Elite Systems in 1984 for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum home computers.	Kokotoni Wilf	Elite Systems
publisher	Fancies and Goodnights is a collection of fantasy short stories by John Collier, first published by Doubleday Books in hardcover in 1951.	Fancies and Goodnights	Doubleday
publisher	Dark Void Zero is a platform video game released by Capcom for DSiWare download service.	Dark Void Zero	Capcom
publisher	Little Red Riding Hood's Zombie BBQ is an action rail shooter game for the Nintendo DS. It was published in North America by Destineer, produced and designed by Gammick Entertainment, and developed by EnjoyUp.	Little Red Riding Hood's Zombie BBQ	Destineer
publisher	Sociological Inquiry is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Alpha Kappa Delta.	Sociological Inquiry	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Shufflepuck Café is a computer air hockey game developed by Christopher Gross, Gene Portwood and Lauren Elliott for Brøderbund (not a table shuffleboard video game, as the name would suggest- though that was the intention when the name was first coined by Christopher Gross).	Shufflepuck Café	Brøderbund
publisher	The Shadows, Kith and Kin is a collection of short fiction by Joe R. Lansdale, published in 2007 in a limited edition by Subterranean Press.	The Shadows, Kith and Kin	Subterranean Press
publisher	The Whispered World is a traditional-style point-and-click adventure game for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. It is designed by Marco Hüllen, developed by Daedalic Entertainment, and published by Deep Silver in Europe and by Viva Media in the United States.	The Whispered World	Deep Silver
publisher	The Princeton Field Guide to Dinosaurs is a book on dinosaurs, written by the prestigious paleontologist and artist Gregory S. Paul, and was published by Princeton University Press in 2010.	The Princeton Field Guide to Dinosaurs	Princeton University Press
publisher	The Code of the Woosters is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published on 7 October 1938, in the United Kingdom by Herbert Jenkins, London, and in the United States by Doubleday, Doran, New York.	The Code of the Woosters	Doubleday
publisher	Spy Snatcher is a floppy disk-based text adventure released by Topologika Software in 1991.	Spy Snatcher	Topologika
publisher	Contemporary European History is an international peer-reviewed academic history journal, published by Cambridge University Press quarterly since 1992 and covering the history of Europe from 1918 onwards.	Contemporary European History	Cambridge University Press
publisher	The Bulletin of Marine Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science of the University of Miami.	Bulletin of Marine Science	Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science
publisher	Cyber Speedway (Gran Chaser in Japan) is a 1995 racing video game developed by NexTech and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn.	Cyber Speedway	Sega
publisher	Analytical Abstracts is a current awareness and information retrieval service for analytical chemistry, published by the Royal Society of Chemistry in Cambridge, United Kingdom.	Analytical Abstracts	Royal Society of Chemistry
publisher	The Real Fidel Castro is a biography of the Cuban revolutionary and politician Fidel Castro, written by the British diplomat Sir Leycester Coltman (1938--2003) and first published by Yale University Press in 2003.	The Real Fidel Castro	Yale University Press
publisher	Comic Bakery is a computer game for the MSX, made by Konami in 1984 and later ported to Commodore 64 by Imagine Software.	Comic Bakery	Konami
publisher	Dream Pinball 3D is a pinball simulation game developed by TopWare and published by SouthPeak Games for the Wii, Nintendo DS, and Microsoft Windows, first released in North America on the 22nd of April 2008.	Dream Pinball 3D	SouthPeak Games
publisher	The Prize in the Game is Jo Walton's third novel, published by Tor Books in December 2002.	The Prize in the Game	Tor Books
publisher	The Conan Chronicles is a 1989 omnibus collection of three previous fantasy collections by Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian, published by Sphere Books.	The Conan Chronicles	Sphere Books
publisher	The Rise of Magic in Early Medieval Europe is a historical study of magical beliefs in Europe between the 5th and 12th centuries CE. It was written by the English historian Valerie I.J. Flint, then of the University of Auckland, and published by Princeton University Press in 1991.	The Rise of Magic in Early Medieval Europe	Princeton University Press
publisher	Match Day is a football computer game, published by Ocean Software in 1984, originally on the ZX Spectrum and then later released on the Amstrad CPC, BBC Micro, & Commodore 64 systems.	Match Day	Ocean Software
publisher	The Canadian Hot 100 is a music industry record chart in Canada for singles, published weekly by Billboard magazine.	Canadian Hot 100	Billboard
publisher	Select Conversations with an Uncle was published in a limited edition by John Lane in a series called ``The Mayfair Set'' and in New York by Merriam.	Select Conversations with an Uncle	John Lane
publisher	FIFA Football 2002 (known as FIFA Soccer 2002: Major League Soccer in North America, and FIFA 2002: Road to FIFA World Cup in Japan), commonly known as FIFA 2002, is a football video game released in 2001, produced by Electronic Arts and released by EA Sports.	FIFA Football 2002	Electronic Arts
publisher	The Journal of Investigative Dermatology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of dermatology published by the Nature Publishing Group.	Journal of Investigative Dermatology	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	The Kingdom of Shadow was re-published with three other novels in the Diablo Archive on July 8, 2008 by Pocket Books.	The Kingdom of Shadow	Pocket Books
publisher	Mickey's Speedway USA known in Japan as Mickey's Racing Challenge USA (Japanese: ミッキーのレーシングチャレンジUSA Mikkī no rēshingu charenji USA) is a Disney racing game for the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color, developed by Rareware and published by Nintendo.	Mickey's Speedway USA	Nintendo
publisher	Kid Albums (formerly known as Top Kid Audio) is a music chart published weekly by Billboard magazine which ranks the top selling children's music albums in the United States.	Kid Albums	Billboard
publisher	The Legend of Huma (paperback), TSR, Inc., ISBN 0-88038-548-0	The Legend of Huma	TSR
publisher	On-Court Tennis is a computer game developed by Activision's Gamestar division in 1984 for the Commodore 64.	On-Court Tennis	Activision
publisher	Sally Green submitted Half Bad to an agent in January 2013; in March, editorial director Ben Horslen acquired the manuscript for Penguin Books children's imprint Puffin Books, billing it ``the book of the Bologna Children's Book Fair'' after a 6-figure bidding war.	Half Bad	Puffin Books
publisher	Telengard is a 1982 role-playing dungeon crawler video game developed by Daniel Lawrence and published by Avalon Hill.	Telengard	Avalon Hill
publisher	The Journal of Forestry is the primary scholarly journal of the Society of American Foresters.	Journal of Forestry	Society of American Foresters
publisher	The British Journal of Anaesthesia (BJA) is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal College of Anaesthetists and the College of Anaesthetists of Ireland, of which it is their joint official journal.	British Journal of Anaesthesia	Oxford University Press
publisher	A Writer's Nightmare is a collection of essays by R. K. Narayan published in 1988 by Penguin Books.	A Writer's Nightmare	Penguin Books
publisher	The Journal of Alzheimer's Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by IOS Press covering the etiology, pathogenesis, epidemiology, genetics, treatment, and psychology of Alzheimer's disease.	Journal of Alzheimer's Disease	IOS Press
publisher	The Mind Readers is a crime novel by Margery Allingham, first published in 1965, in the United Kingdom by Chatto & Windus, London.	The Mind Readers	Chatto & Windus
publisher	Vercoquin and the Plankton (French: Vercoquin et le plancton) is a 1946 novel by the French writer Boris Vian, published by Éditions Gallimard.	Vercoquin and the Plankton	Éditions Gallimard
publisher	Central European History is a peer-reviewed academic journal on history published quarterly by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Conference Group for Central European History of the American Historical Association.	Central European History	Cambridge University Press
publisher	The Alpine Journal is an annual magazine published by the Alpine Club of London.	Alpine Journal	Alpine Club
publisher	Off Armageddon Reef is a science fiction novel by American author David Weber, published by Tor Books.	Off Armageddon Reef	Tor Books
publisher	Tijdschrift voor economische en sociale geografie is a peer-reviewed academic journal published five times annually by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Dutch Geographical Society.	Tijdschrift voor economische en sociale geografie	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The British Journal of Sports Medicine (BJSM) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group covering sports medicine and sports physiotherapy.	British Journal of Sports Medicine	BMJ
publisher	All My Friends Are Dead is an illustrated dark comedy book published by Chronicle Books in 2010.	All My Friends Are Dead	Chronicle Books
publisher	The Canadian Journal of Nursing Research is a nursing journal published by the McGill University School of Nursing.	Canadian Journal of Nursing Research	McGill University
publisher	Clinical Lymphoma, Myeloma & Leukemia is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier (previously by CIG Media Group).	Clinical Lymphoma, Myeloma & Leukemia	Elsevier
publisher	The Catholic Art Quarterly (originally the Christian Social Art Quarterly and later Good Work) was the official bulletin of the Catholic Art Association (CAA).	Catholic Art Quarterly	Catholic Art Association
publisher	NHL 2K8 is an ice hockey video game made by 2K Sports, and published on the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 consoles.	NHL 2K8	2K Sports
publisher	``Lord Emsworth and the Girl Friend'' is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse, which first appeared in the United States in the 6 October 1928 issue of Liberty, and in the United Kingdom in the February 1926 Strand.	Lord Emsworth and the Girl Friend	Liberty
publisher	Transcension was first published in the United States on 19 February 2002 by Tor Books in hardback format.	Transcension	Tor Books
publisher	Crazy Taxi is an open world racing video game developed by Kenji Kanno and his team at Hitmaker and published by Sega.	Crazy Taxi	Sega
publisher	The Journal of Chemometrics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1987 by John Wiley & Sons.	Journal of Chemometrics	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	The Journal of Baltic Studies, the official journal of the Association for the Advancement of Baltic Studies (AABS), is a peer-reviewed multidisciplinary academic journal founded in 1970 and published quarterly by Routledge, dedicated to the political, social, economic, and cultural life of the Baltic region and its history.	Journal of Baltic Studies	Routledge
publisher	The Hot Digital Tracks chart is a song popularity chart that ranks the best selling digital tracks in the United States according to Billboard magazine.	Hot Digital Tracks	Billboard
publisher	Just Ella is a novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix and published in 1999 by Simon & Schuster.	Just Ella	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Behavioral and Brain Sciences is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of Open Peer Commentary established in 1978 by Stevan Harnad and published by Cambridge University Press.	Behavioral and Brain Sciences	Cambridge University Press
publisher	The Transactions of the Institute of British Geographers is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Geographical Society.	Transactions of the Institute of British Geographers	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The Journal of Human Capital is a quarterly peer reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press.	Journal of Human Capital	University of Chicago Press
publisher	Applied and Environmental Microbiology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Microbiology.	Applied and Environmental Microbiology	American Society for Microbiology
publisher	English Journal (previously The English Journal) is the official publication of the Secondary Education section of the American National Council of Teachers of English.	English Journal	National Council of Teachers of English
publisher	In 2008 StoryQuarterly was acquired by Rutgers-- Camden, and Paul Lisicky is now the editor.	StoryQuarterly	Rutgers-- Camden
publisher	A Song for Lya is the first collection of stories by science fiction and fantasy writer George R. R. Martin, published as a paperback original by Avon Books in 1976.	A Song for Lya	Avon
publisher	Mineralium Deposita, International Journal for Geology, Mineralogy and Geochemistry of Mineral Deposits is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.	Mineralium Deposita	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Prey Invasion is a first-person shooter video game developed by MachineWorks, and published by Hands-On Mobile in cooperation with 3D Realms for the iOS.	Prey Invasion	Hands-On Mobile
publisher	Superstar Ice Hockey is a hockey sport game published by Mindscape in 1987.	Superstar Ice Hockey	Mindscape
screenwriter	Black and White in Color (French: La Victoire en chantant, then Noirs et Blancs en couleur for the 1977 re-issue) is a 1976 war film and black comedy directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud in his directorial debut.	Black and White in Color	Jean-Jacques Annaud
screenwriter	Head Against the Wall (French: La Tête contre les murs) is a 1959 French drama film directed by Georges Franju and starring Pierre Brasseur, Paul Meurisse, and Jean-Pierre Mocky.	Head Against the Wall	Jean-Pierre Mocky
screenwriter	I as in Icarus (French: I... comme Icare) is a 1979 French thriller film directed by Henri Verneuil.	I as in Icarus	Henri Verneuil
screenwriter	Anita Takes a Chance (Spanish: Anita no pierde el tren, Catalan: Anita no perd el tren) is a 2001 film directed by Ventura Pons.	Anita Takes a Chance	Ventura Pons
screenwriter	L.A. Without a Map is a 1998 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Mika Kaurismäki and written by Mika Kaurismäki and Richard Rayner, based on his novel.	L.A. Without a Map	Richard Rayner
screenwriter	The White Wall (Swedish: Den vita väggen) is a 1975 Swedish drama film written and directed by Stig Björkman.	The White Wall	Stig Björkman
screenwriter	Marx Reloaded is a 2011 German documentary film written and directed by the British writer and theorist Jason Barker.	Marx Reloaded	Jason Barker
screenwriter	La Ligne droite (English: The Straight Line) is a 2011 French drama film co-written and directed by Régis Wargnier which focuses on the sport of blind running.	La Ligne droite	Régis Wargnier
screenwriter	Based on the book When the Daltons Rode by Emmett Dalton, the sole surviving real-life gang member, and Jack Jungmeyer, the film is about a family friend of the Daltons who tries to dissuade them from becoming outlaws.	When the Daltons Rode	Emmett Dalton
screenwriter	One, Two, Many is a 2008 sex comedy film distributed by National Lampoon, directed by Michael DeLorenzo and written by and starring ``Stuttering'' John Melendez.	One, Two, Many	John Melendez
series	``We Just Decided To'' is the first episode of the first season of the American television series The Newsroom.	We Just Decided To	The Newsroom
series	Hurricane Gold is the fourth novel in the Young Bond series depicting Ian Fleming's superspy James Bond as a teenager in the 1930s.	Hurricane Gold	Young Bond	James Bond
series	``The Bob Next Door'' is the twenty-second episode of The Simpsons' twenty-first season.	The Bob Next Door	The Simpsons
series	One Fearful Yellow Eye (1966) is the eighth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.	One Fearful Yellow Eye	Travis McGee
series	``The Strong, Silent Type'' is the forty-ninth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the tenth of the show's fourth season.	The Strong, Silent Type	The Sopranos
series	Lord of Chaos (abbreviated as LoC by fans) is the sixth book of The Wheel of Time fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan.	Lord of Chaos	The Wheel of Time
series	A Live Coal in the Sea, written by Madeleine L'Engle and published in 1996, is the sequel to Camilla Dickinson (also published as Camilla), one of L'Engle's earliest novels.	A Live Coal in the Sea	Camilla Dickinson
series	The Icebound Land is the third book in the Ranger's Apprentice book series written by Australian author John Flanagan.	The Icebound Land	Ranger's Apprentice
series	Corn on the Cop is a Merrie Melodies animated cartoon short starring Daffy Duck, Porky Pig and Granny.	Corn on the Cop	Merrie Melodies
series	Shadow's Edge is a fantasy novel written by Brent Weeks and is the second novel in The Night Angel Trilogy.	Shadow's Edge	The Night Angel Trilogy
sex or gender	Steel Vengeance (original name Sadae Tsumura) was a female cyborg in the Marvel Comics Ghost Rider series.	Steel Vengeance	female
sex or gender	Eusebia Riquelme (born November 27, 1969) is a retired female track and field athlete from Cuba who competed in the sprint events during her career.	Eusebia Riquelme	female
sex or gender	Zhou Peishun (Chinese: 周培顺; 1962 - ) is a former male Chinese weightlifter.	Zhou Peishun	male
sex or gender	Helle Trevino (formerly Nielsen) (born July 9, 1975) is a Danish professional female bodybuilder.	Helle Trevino	female
sex or gender	Freddy Vargas Castellanos (born October 11, 1982 in Mucuchíes) is a male professional road cyclist from Venezuela.	Freddy Vargas	male
sex or gender	Santiago de la Parte de las Cuevas (born August 18, 1948 in Amusco, Palencia) is a retired male long-distance runner from Spain, who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the men's marathon.	Santiago de la Parte	male
sex or gender	Marleen Renders (born 24 December 1968, in Diest) is a retired female long-distance runner from Belgium, who represented her native country thrice at the Summer Olympics: in 1988, 1996 and 2000.	Marleen Renders	female
sex or gender	Christina Finarsih is a retired female badminton player from Indonesia who specialized in women's doubles.	Finarsih	female
sex or gender	Swaminarayan also directed male devotees not to listen to religious discourses given by women.	Swaminarayan	male
sex or gender	Anelia Karova (first name also sometimes transliterated as Aneliya) (Bulgarian: Анелия Карова) (born 29 September 1989) is a female table tennis player from Bulgaria.	Anelia Karova	female
sex or gender	The TV production series Kommissarin Lucas, (Detective Lukas) with Thure Riefenstein as the male leading detective, achieved the highly acclaimed German ``Adolf Grimme Award'' nomination'' for ``Best Film''.	Thure Riefenstein	male
sex or gender	Märt Israel (born 23 September 1983 in Karksi-Nuia) is a male discus thrower from Estonia.	Märt Israel	male
sex or gender	Noh Si-hwan (노시환; born 6 September 1992) is a male South Korean long-distance runner.	Noh Si-hwan	male
sex or gender	Anke Scholz (born 25 November 1978 in Berlin) is a retired female swimmer from Germany, specialised in the freestyle and backstroke events.	Anke Scholz	female
sex or gender	Zhang Chunzhen (born 1970) is a retired female pole vaulter from PR China, who was one of the leading athletes in her discipline in the early 1990s.	Zhang Chunzhen	female
sex or gender	Jo Ann Tolley is a female vocalist who recorded on the MGM Records and Jubilee Records labels in the 1950s.	Jo Ann Tolley	female
sex or gender	Nathan Stooke (born May 28, 1976 in Southern Illinois) is a male freestyle swimmer from the USA.	Nathan Stooke	male
sex or gender	Wang Pengren (Chinese: 王朋仁) is a male former world level badminton player from China.	Wang Pengren	male
sex or gender	Line Beauchamp (born February 24, 1963) is a female Quebec politician.	Line Beauchamp	female
sex or gender	Whereas most of the other female characters in EastEnders were portrayed in a somewhat more glamorous working class way, Pauline Fowler was the exception to the rule, being the sole character to represent the ``homely and domestic'' side of the Beale family.	Pauline Fowler	female
sex or gender	Wayne Sabin (April 1, 1915 -- September 14, 1989) was an American male tennis player.	Wayne Sabin	male
sex or gender	the O'Neill Theater Center's National Critics Institute, directed by Dan Sullivan, awards a full scholarship to ``a young critic, preferably female, whose copy reflects some of the shrewdness and kindness that marked every Edith Oliver review.''	Edith Oliver	female
sex or gender	Lyons Kieran (born 1989) is Fiji's top female chess player.	Lyons Kieran	female
sex or gender	Victoria Angelova Vinarova (sometimes written Viktoria Angelova, Bulgarian: Виктория Ангелова-Винарова, 1902--1947) was the first female architect of Bulgaria.	Victoria Angelova	female
sex or gender	Majk Spirit (born Michal Dušička; August 28, 1984 in Bratislava, Slovakia) is a Slovak male rapper and member of the group H16.	Majk Spirit	male
sex or gender	Following in the footsteps of Gail Kim and Traci Brooks, as well as other fast-rising Canadian female wrestlers who are making their marks across North America, Danyah came to the wrestling business through the Squared Circle Pro Wrestling facility and the Devine Dungeon.	Danyah	female
sex or gender	Barbara Pittman (April 6, 1938 -- October 29, 2005) was one of the few female singers to record at Sun Studio.	Barbara Pittman	female
sex or gender	Four best-selling albums in Cantonese and Mandarin, a record-breaking 18 consecutive concerts in Hong Kong, and a widely acclaimed film (Chungking Express) made Faye Wong the most eminent female Hong Kong singer in the mid-1990s.	Faye Wong	female
sex or gender	Tarah Gieger (born September 18, 1985 in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican female professional motocross racer.	Tarah Gieger	female
sex or gender	Mary Grace Quackenbos Humiston (née Winterton) (born on Sep 17, 1869 in New York, died July, 1948) was the first female United States Attorney.	Mary Grace Quackenbos	female
sex or gender	Alexander Bagonza, better known by his stage name A Pass (and formerly APassKiller), is a Ugandan male musician and songwriter.	A Pass	male
sex or gender	Hong 10 (Birth name: Kim Hong-Yeol, Korean: 김홍열, born on 27 December 1984 in South Korea) is a male South Korean B-boy (also known as Breakdancer).	Hong 10	male
sex or gender	Karen Dunne is a retired female professional cyclist from the United States.	Karen Dunne	female
sex or gender	As of June 2014, Eminem is the second-bestselling male artist of the Nielsen SoundScan era, the sixth-bestselling artist in the United States and the bestselling hip-hop artist, with sales of 45.1 million albums and 42 million tracks (including 31 million digital single certifications).	Eminem	male
sex or gender	Merav Doster (born 1976 in Israel) is an Israeli female screenwriter.	Merav Doster	female
sex or gender	Ni Xialian (Chinese: 倪夏莲; born 4 July 1963) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Luxembourg.	Ni Xialian	female
sex or gender	Julian Orde (31 December 1917 -- 1974) was a female English poet, writer and actor.	Julian Orde	female
sex or gender	Mads Pieler Kolding (born January 27, 1988) is a male Danish badminton player who specializes in doubles.	Mads Pieler Kolding	male
sex or gender	Ingrid Vranovičová (born May 1, 1973, Bratislava) known by her stage name Ingola is Slovak female singer, and has been active since 1995.	Ingola	female
sex or gender	Ruan Sims (born 4 February 1982) is a female rugby footballer.	Ruan Sims	female
sex or gender	Eglis Yaima Cruz (born 12 April 1980 in Sancti Spíritus) is a female Cuban sports shooter.	Eglis Yaima Cruz	female
sex or gender	Inanna was the most prominent female deity in ancient Mesopotamia.	Inanna	female
sex or gender	Shin Jung-sub (Hangul: 신정섭; born 30 May 1974) is a former South Korean male volleyball player.	Shin Jung-sub	male
sex or gender	Song Jong-sun (born November 3, 1981 in North Korea) is a North Korean female football player (defender) who plays for Amnokkang Sports Club of her native country women's football league.	Song Jong-sun	female
sex or gender	Kent Ninomiya is the first male Asian American broadcast journalist to be a primary news anchor of a television station in the United States.	Kent Ninomiya	male
sex or gender	Yu Huili (born October 5, 1982 in Sichuan) is a female Chinese softball player.	Yu Huili	female
sex or gender	Laban Kagika (born July 17, 1978) is a male long-distance runner from Kenya, who won the Hokkaido Marathon in 2004.	Laban Kagika	male
sex or gender	Fu Chunyan (simplified Chinese: 付春艳; traditional Chinese: 付春艷; pinyin: Fù Chūnyàn; born December 28, 1989 in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female speed skater.	Fu Chunyan	female
sex or gender	Yu Zhuocheng (born December 7, 1975 in Guangdong) is a male diver from PR China.	Yu Zhuocheng	male
sex or gender	Sabrynaah Pope (died September 24, 2005, New York City) was a female Dance/House vocalist from Brooklyn, New York.	Sabrynaah Pope	female
sex or gender	The first documented notice of Irene Parenti Duclos' painting activity is her 1773 petition to make painted replicas of works in Florence's Uffizi Gallery, where both male and female artists were permitted to set up their easels in its halls and copy after old master paintings and ancient marble statues.	Irene Parenti Duclos	female
sex or gender	Clarence 13X taught Afrocentrism to his disciples and often wore a dashiki; male Five Percenters members frequently wore tasseled kufis, and female members wore colorful African head wraps.	Clarence 13X	male
sex or gender	Stephanie Ready is an American broadcaster for the National Basketball Association's (NBA) Charlotte Hornets and a former basketball coach who became the first female coach of a men's professional league team in 2001.	Stephanie Ready	female
sex or gender	Ann Hasseltine Judson (December 22, 1789 -- October 24, 1826) was one of the first female American foreign missionaries.	Ann Hasseltine Judson	female
sex or gender	Aleksandr Lobynya(born 31 May 1985) is a male Russian shot putter.	Aleksandr Lobynya	male
sex or gender	Kacee Carlisle (born February 11, 1980) is a female professional wrestler.	Kacee Carlisle	female
sex or gender	Asena Tuğal (born 1984 in Istanbul) is a Turkish female television journalist and actress.	Asena Tuğal	female
sex or gender	Helene Diamantides is a fell runner whose accomplishments merit her inclusion in the category of the greatest ever female long-distance runners in the sport's history.	Helene Diamantides	female
sex or gender	Credited for inventing the ``woman's police procedural'', is well known for her series of Inspector John Coffin novels as Gwendoline Butler, and by female detective Charmian Daniels as Jennie Melville.	Gwendoline Butler	female
sex or gender	Meg Baird is an American musician based in San Francisco, California, United States, who, in addition to her solo career, is known as a founding member and the lead female vocalist of Philadelphia psychedelic folk rock band Espers.	Meg Baird	female
sex or gender	Abbas Jafri (Urdu: عباس جعفری‎) is a Pakistani male model and a former cricketer.	Abbas Jafri	male
sex or gender	Gintarė Petronytė (born 19 March 1989) is a Lithuanian professional female basketball player, currently playing for Homend Antakya Bld.	Gintarė Petronytė	female
sex or gender	Black Spark is an anonymous male American film director and photographer (born on 14 August 1990) who is most noted for his hypersexualized music videos and unique surreal style.	Black Spark	male
sex or gender	Madeleine Colani (1866 in Strasbourg--1943 in Hanoi, Vietnam) was a female French archaeologist, born in Strasbourg.	Madeleine Colani	female
sex or gender	Nace Majcen (born July 12, 1968 in Ljubljana) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Slovenia.	Nace Majcen	male
sex or gender	Else Alfelt (September 16, 1910 -- August 9, 1974) was a female artist who specialized in abstract paintings.	Else Alfelt	female
sex or gender	Zhang Weihong (simplified Chinese: 张维红; traditional Chinese: 張維紅; pinyin: Zhāng Wéihóng; born January 31, 1963 in Yangquan, Shanxi) is a former female Chinese handball player.	Zhang Weihong	female
sex or gender	Lim Hyo-sook (Hangul: 임효숙; born 26 April 1982) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.	Lim Hyo-sook	female
sex or gender	Tara Cross-Battle (born September 16, 1968 in Houston, Texas) is a retired female volleyball player from the United States, who won the bronze medal with the USA National Women's Team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Tara Cross-Battle	female
sex or gender	She is among the ten most recognised masters today, and the only female Born in a family of ancestors of Zengzi, Yu Hui Tseng started studying the piano aged four, and later took on the clarinet at a professional level, earning a first prize of Taiwan at 17.	Yu Hui Tseng	female
sex or gender	Nurhan Çınar (born 1994) is a Turkish female field hockey player.	Nurhan Çınar	female
sex or gender	Isra Girgrah (born September 16, 1971 in Aden, Yemen), is a Yemeni-born American professional world champion female boxer.	Isra Girgrah	female
sex or gender	Rosa Henderson (November 24, 1896 -- April 6, 1968) was an American jazz and classic female blues singer, and vaudeville entertainer.	Rosa Henderson	female
sex or gender	Shahla Ata (October 20, 1959 -- March 12, 2015) was an Afghan politician, congresswoman and one of two female candidates during Afghanistan's 2009 Presidential election.	Shahla Ata	female
sex or gender	Tatsiana Hardzeyeva (born 23 May 1982) is a Belarusian female former volleyball player, playing as a right side hitter.	Tatsiana Hardzeyeva	female
sex or gender	Esin Sağdıç (born January 1, 1988 in Izmir) is a Turkish female handballer playing in right wing position.	Esin Sağdıç	female
sex or gender	Kim Ki-taik (Hangul: 김기택, Hanja: 金琦澤; born October 3, 1962) is a male former table tennis player from South Korea who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Kim Ki-taik	male
sex or gender	Zul Faden, popularly known as Zul F, (born Haji ZulFakhari bin Muksin on October 24, 1980) is Brunei's top male singer and actor.	Zul F	male
sex or gender	Mishael Abbott (born June 21, 1981 in Jefferson City, Missouri) is a female race car driver.	Mishael Abbott	female
sex or gender	Ren Hayakawa (born August 24, 1987 in Anyang, Gyeonggi, South Korea) is a Japanese female archer.	Ren Hayakawa	female
sex or gender	Serap Aktaş (born September 25, 1971 in Ceyhan, Turkey) is a Turkish female middle and long-distance runner, who later specialized in marathon.	Serap Aktaş	female
sex or gender	Dzmitry Barkalau (born 23 February 1986) is a Belarusian male artistic gymnast and part of the national team.	Dzmitry Barkalau	male
sex or gender	Cristina Sánchez de Pablos (born February 20, 1972 in Madrid, Spain) was one of the first female bullfighters to gain prominence.	Cristina Sánchez	female
sex or gender	Sadia Yousuf (born 4 November 1989) is a female Pakistani cricketer.	Sadia Yousuf	female
sex or gender	Felicia Kentridge was born Felicia Nahoma Geffen in Johannesburg in 1930, the younger daughter of a Jewish legal family; her mother was South Africa's first female advocate.	Felicia Kentridge	female
sex or gender	Sébastien Rouault (born 24 February 1986) is a male freestyle swimmer from France, who competed for his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.	Sébastien Rouault	male
sex or gender	Iram Javed (born 16 December 1991) is a female cricketer from Lahore.	Iram Javed	female
sex or gender	In 2009 Camille Donat won the silver medal at the famous Triathlon EDF Alpe d'Huez, in 2010 she placed 7th (i.e. 2nd best French female triathlete).	Camille Donat	female
sex or gender	Alvin Swanner grew up in Louisiana and attended Jesuit of New Orleans, a private all male high school.	Alvin Swanner	male
sex or gender	Eleftheria Plevritou (Greek: Ελευθερία Πλευρίτου; pronounced (e-lef-he-ria ple-vri-tu)) (born April 23, 1997) is a female Greek water polo player currently playing for Olympiacos Water Polo Club and the Greece women's national team.	Eleftheria Plevritou	female
sex or gender	Liu Hongyu (simplified Chinese: 刘宏宇; traditional Chinese: 劉宏宇; pinyin: Liú Hóngyǔ; born January 11, 1975 in Liaoning) is a female Chinese race walker.	Liu Hongyu	female
sex or gender	Ganna Sorokina (Ukrainian: Ганна Сорокіна; born March 31, 1976 in Zaporizhzhia) is a female diver from Ukraine who won the bronze medal with Olena Zhupina in the Women's 3m Synchronized Springboard competition.	Ganna Sorokina	female
sex or gender	Kim Hak-kyun (Hangul: 김학균; born November 15, 1971) is a retired male badminton player from South Korea.	Kim Hak-kyun	male
sex or gender	Aisha Rateb (February 22, 1928 - May 4, 2013) was an Egyptian lawyer, politician, and Egypt's first female ambassador.	Aisha Rateb	female
sex or gender	Yehuda Levi (Hebrew: יהודה לוי‎; born June 29, 1979) is an Israeli actor and male model.	Yehuda Levi	male
sex or gender	Marko Perić (born 5 February 1984) is a Serbian male futsal player, playing as a defender.	Marko Perić	male
sex or gender	Vesna Bugarski (2 May 1930, Sarajevo -- 22 August 1992, Sarajevo) was Bosnia-Herzegovina's first female architect.	Vesna Bugarski	female
sex or gender	De Lafontaine (or Mademoiselle De Lafontaine) (1655--1738) was a French ballerina and the first professional female dancer at the Paris Opéra.	De Lafontaine	female
sex or gender	Karen Klinger (maiden name Carpenter; August 17, 1965) is a female rower from the United States.	Karen Klinger	female
sex or gender	In the early 20th-century Dutch East Indies, female stage performers, especially kroncong singers, were billed with ``Miss'' on advertisements (JCG, Roekiah, Miss).	Roekiah	female
sex or gender	Don Baird (born 29 May 1951) is a retired male pole vaulter from Australia.	Don Baird	male
sex or gender	Alejandro Puerto Díaz (born October 1, 1964 in Pinar del Río) is a retired male wrestler from Cuba and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.	Alejandro Puerto	male
sex or gender	Chiyo Uno (宇野 千代 November 28, 1897 -- June 10, 1996) was a female Japanese author who wrote several notable works and a known kimono designer.	Chiyo Uno	female
sex or gender	Hephaestus is to the male gods as Athena is to the females, for he gives skill to mortal artists and was believed to have taught men the arts alongside Athena.	Hephaestus	male
sex or gender	Tabitha Sybil Quaye is a Ghanaian female politician and a former member of parliament for Takoradi.	Tabitha Sybil Quaye	female
sex or gender	The British then so frustrated, they arrested all the remaining male relatives of Khai Kam as hostages.	Khai Kam	male
sex or gender	Lucie Colliard and Hélène Brion, both feminists, were among the five female teachers dismissed for pacifist activity.	Lucie Colliard	female
sex or gender	Jean-Louis Mandengue (born September 15, 1971 in Paris) is a retired male boxer from France.	Jean-Louis Mandengue	male
sex or gender	Bethania de la Cruz de Peña (born May 13, 1987 in Santo Domingo) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, who won the gold medal with the Dominican women's national team at the 2009 NORCECA Championship and the 2010 Pan-American Cup.	Bethania de la Cruz	female
sex or gender	Tang Gonghong (simplified Chinese: 唐功红; traditional Chinese: 唐功紅; pinyin: Táng Gōnghóng; born March 5, 1979 in Fushan, Yantai, Shandong) is a female Chinese weightlifter who competed in the 2003 Afro-Asian Games and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Tang Gonghong	female
sex or gender	Ubaldo Mesa Estepa (November 20, 1973 in Nobsa -- October 9, 2005 in San Cristóbal) was a male professional road cyclist from Colombia.	Ubaldo Mesa	male
sex or gender	Judit Magos-Havas (born 19 February 1951 in Budapest) is a former female table tennis player from Hungary.	Judit Magos-Havas	female
sex or gender	The belief was that women were not suited to succeed to the throne of a kingdom, so Mangammal shines almost alone as an able and powerful female ruler in Tamil Nadu.	Mangammal	female
sex or gender	Denise Masino (born Denise Sánchez on May 1, 1968) is a professional female bodybuilder from the United States.	Denise Masino	female
sex or gender	Chen Haixia (born February 11, 1987 in Zengcheng, Guangdong) is a female Chinese rower.	Chen Haixia	female
sex or gender	In Slavic folklore, Koschei (Russian: Коще́й, tr. Koshchey; IPA: (kɐˈɕːej), also Kashchei or Kashchey; Ukrainian: Костій, Kostiy; Polish: Kościej; Czech: Kostěj) is an archetypal male antagonist, described mainly as abducting the hero's wife.	Koschei	male
sex or gender	Kholoud Faqih is a Palestinian judge, the first female Sharia judge in the Middle East.	Kholoud Faqih	female
sex or gender	Ioannis Arzoumanidis (Greek: Γιάννης Αρζουμανίδης; born October 22, 1986) is a male freestyle wrestler from Greece.	Ioannis Arzoumanidis	male
sex or gender	Vicky Shell (born June 14, 1967) is a Dominican singer, educator, songwriter, who is best known for being the first Dominican who has set the precedent for being the first female salsa singer in the Dominican Republic with a full production of Salsa Latin Jazz.	Vicky Shell	female
sex or gender	Julia Danzas (May 9, 1879, Athens -- April 13, 1942, Rome) was a Russian historian of religion, a Catholic theologian, writer and a Catholic female religious leader.	Julia Danzas	female
sex or gender	Wang Yunlu (simplified Chinese: 王云蕗; traditional Chinese: 王雲蕗; pinyin: Wáng Yúnlù; born 20 May 1996 in Beijing) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Wang Yunlu	female
sex or gender	Juan Carlos Traspaderne de la Fuente (born February 2, 1956) is a retired male long-distance runner from Spain, who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the men's marathon.	Juan Carlos Traspaderne	male
sex or gender	Armstrong improvised the line ``Look out for Miss Lotte Lenya!'' and added her name to the list of Mack's female conquests in the song.	Lotte Lenya	female
sex or gender	Mio Nishimaki (born July 17, 1987) is a female freestyle wrestler from Japan.	Mio Nishimaki	female
sex or gender	Tsepangsa Magyal Dongkar (Tibetan: རྨ་རྒྱལ་ལྡོང་སྐར, Wylie: rma-rgyal-ldong-skar, ? -- ?) was an important Tibetan Empire female.	Magyal Dongkar	female
sex or gender	Clotilde Luisi (1882-1969) was the first female lawyer in Uruguay.	Clotilde Luisi	female
sex or gender	Flora Wambaugh Patterson (1847--1928) was an American mycologist, and the first female plant pathologist hired by the United States Department of Agriculture.	Flora Wambaugh Patterson	female
sex or gender	Banu Alkan (born as Liz Remka Rebronja, 1 April 1958, Dubrovnik, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Turkish-Croatian female actor.	Banu Alkan	female
sex or gender	Blanca Jeanette Kawas Fernández (16 January 1946 -- 6 February 1995) was a Honduran female environmental activist, known for her role in saving more than 400 species of flora and fauna during her late years.	Jeanette Kawas	female
sex or gender	Prince Yi Chung of Korea (born 23 April 1936) is a member of the former Imperial Family of Korea and the genealogical male-line heir of Emperor Gojong.	Yi Chung	male
sex or gender	Marlene Ahrens Ostertag (born in Concepción, July 27, 1933) is a female Chilean athlete.	Marlene Ahrens	female
sex or gender	In the World Championship Rankings 2010 Ai Ueda is number 31 of the world's best female elite triathletes.	Ai Ueda	female
sex or gender	Denyse Plummer is the 3rd female calypsonian to ever win the ``Young King'' competition and has made it to Calypso Monarch finals in 1988, 1989, 1991 and was victorious in 2001, taking home the title for the first time.	Denyse Plummer	female
sex or gender	Leanne Barrette-Hulsenberg (born August 18, 1967), currently of North Ogden, Utah, is one of the top female professional bowlers on the Professional Women's Bowling Association (PWBA) Tour.	Leanne Barrette	female
sex or gender	Mara Reyes (born March 12, 1977 in Pachuca, Mexico) is a Mexican female stock car racing driver.	Mara Reyes	female
sport	The 2013 European Figure Skating Championships was a senior international figure skating competition in the 2012--13 season.	2013 European Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The 2006 FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship for Women was the 2nd and last FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship for Women, played under the rules of FIBA, the world governing body for basketball, and the FIBA Africa thereof.	2006 FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship for Women	basketball
sport	Alexander Schwarzman (Russian: Александр Шварцман; born 18 September 1967 in Moscow) is an international grandmaster in international draughts, Russian draughts and Brazilian draughts from Russia.	Alexander Schwarzman	draughts
sport	The 1997 Family Circle Cup was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Sea Pines Plantation on Hilton Head Island, South Carolina in the United States that was part of Tier I of the 1997 WTA Tour.	1997 Family Circle Cup	tennis
sport	Edi Orioli (born 5 December 1962 in Udine), is an Italian rallying motorcycle racer.	Edi Orioli	rallying
sport	Cordera Eason (born September 7, 1987) is an American football running back who is a currently a free agent.	Cordera Eason	American football
sport	BTC City Ljubljana (UCI team code: BTC) is a professional cycling team based in Slovenia, which competes in elite road bicycle racing events such as the UCI Women's Road World Cup.	BTC City Ljubljana	road bicycle racing
sport	The Vaahteraliiga is the highest level of American football in Finland played under American Football Association of Finland.	Vaahteraliiga	American football
sport	The CMLL World Middleweight Championship (Campeonato Mundial peso Medio de CMLL in Spanish) is a professional wrestling world championship promoted by the Mexican wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).	CMLL World Middleweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	BC Dinamo Tbilisi (Georgian: საკალათბურთო კლუბი ,,დინამო'''') is a professional basketball club based in Tbilisi, that plays in the Georgian Superliga.	BC Dinamo Tbilisi	basketball
sport	Yarraville Football Club was an Australian rules football club founded in 1903 and played in the VJFA until 1927.	Yarraville Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The Handball Union of Russia (Russian: Союза гандболистов Россия) commonly known by its acronym, HUR, is the national governing body of handball in Russia.	Handball Union of Russia	handball
sport	The Sheffield Shield is the domestic first-class cricket competition of Australia.	Sheffield Shield	cricket
sport	Stefan Logan (born June 2, 1981) is a professional American football player who is currently a member of the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.	Stefan Logan	American football
sport	The NWA Macon Tag Team Championship was a tag team professional wrestling championship in Georgia Championship Wrestling, defended exclusively on events held at the Macon City Auditorium and Macon Coliseum in Macon, Georgia.	NWA Macon Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The French Basketball Cup (in French: Coupe de France de Basket) is the annual national basketball cup competition of France.	French Basketball Cup	basketball
sport	The 1950 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament was held in Greensboro, North Carolina from May 26 through 28, as the conference's final event of the 1950 NCAA baseball season.	1950 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament	baseball
sport	Leg before wicket (lbw) is one of the ways in which a batsman can be dismissed in the sport of cricket.	Leg before wicket	cricket
sport	The Birmingham Americans were a professional American football team located in Birmingham, Alabama.	Birmingham Americans	American football
sport	İller Bankası Women's Volleyball (Turkish: İlbank Kadın Voleybol Takımı), shortly İlbank, is a women's volleyball team of İller Bankası Youth and Sports Club in Ankara, Turkey, sponsored by the Turkish state-owned bank of İller Bankası.	İller Bankası Women's Volleyball	volleyball
sport	José Vicente Hernández Fernández (born 11 February 1958, in Madrid, Spain), usually known as Pepu Hernández, is a basketball coach.	Pepu Hernández	basketball
sport	Anders Söderberg (born October 7, 1975) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player.	Anders Söderberg	ice hockey
sport	The 2012 Cedar Rapids Titans season was the first for the indoor American football team that played its inaugural season in the Indoor Football League.	2012 Cedar Rapids Titans season	American football
sport	Nate Hinze (born June 12, 1988) is an American Paralympic wheelchair basketball player from Sheboygan, Wisconsin.	Nate Hinze	basketball
sport	Luca Panerati (born 2 December 1989 in Grosseto, Tuscany, Italy) is an Italian professional baseball pitcher.	Luca Panerati	baseball
sport	The 2011 Internazionali Tennis Val Gardena Südtirol was a professional tennis tournament played in Ortisei, Italy between 7 and 13 November 2011 on carpet courts.	2011 Internazionali Tennis Val Gardena Südtirol	tennis
sport	Varuzhan Akobian (born November 19, 1983 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian-born American chess grandmaster.	Varuzhan Akobian	chess
sport	Arthur Ashe Stadium is a tennis stadium located in the New York City borough of Queens.	Arthur Ashe Stadium	tennis
sport	The AWA Southern Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team title in the Tennessee area from the 1940s through the late 1980s.	AWA Southern Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 1986 PBA Reinforced Conference Finals was the best-of-7 basketball championship series of the 1986 PBA Reinforced Conference, and the conclusion of the conference playoffs.	1986 PBA Reinforced Conference Finals	basketball
sport	The América Paraná Sport Club (also América-Paraná ...) was an association football club from Curitiba, the capital of the Brazilian state of Paraná.	América Paraná Sport Club	association football
sport	Andrija Gerić (Serbian Cyrillic: Андрија Герић, pronounced (ǎndrija ɡěːritɕ); born January 24, 1977 in Novi Sad, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a retired Serbian volleyball player who played on middle blocker position.	Andrija Gerić	volleyball
sport	Leif Erlend Johannessen (born 14 May 1980) is a Norwegian chess player, and Norway's fifth grandmaster.	Leif Erlend Johannessen	chess
sport	The 1995 IGA Classic was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at The Greens Country Club in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma in the United States that was part of Tier III of the 1995 WTA Tour.	1995 IGA Classic	tennis
sport	Mārtiņš Cipulis (born November 29, 1980) is a Latvian ice hockey left winger currently playing for Dinamo Riga, in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Mārtiņš Cipulis	ice hockey
sport	The 1995 DFS Classic was a women's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in England that was part of Tier III of the 1995 WTA Tour.	1995 DFS Classic	tennis
sport	Raúl Valdés (born November 27, 1977) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher with the Chunichi Dragons in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB).	Raúl Valdés	baseball
sport	Shemord Thompson (born 15 January 1987) is an association football player from the Bahamas who currently plays for the Rogers State University men's soccer team.	Shemord Thompson	association football
sport	Julio Velasco (born February 9, 1952 in La Plata, Argentina) is an Argentine-born Italian professional volleyball coach, who guided the Italian national men's team to several successes in the 1990s.	Julio Velasco	volleyball
sport	Lina Olsson Rosenberg (born 27 December 1971) is a Swedish handball player who played for the Norwegian club Larvik HK, and later obtained Norwegian citizenship and played for the Norway women's national handball team.	Lina Olsson Rosenberg	handball
sport	The Lethbridge Hurricanes are a Canadian major junior ice hockey team currently members of the Eastern Conference (Central Division) of the Western Hockey League (WHL).	Lethbridge Hurricanes	ice hockey
sport	Stefan Gimpl has been snowboarding since 1992 and is still snowboarding.	Stefan Gimpl	snowboarding
sport	Herbert William Joseph Kerr (19 October 1896 -- 23 November 1973), also known as Bertie Kerr or Bert Kerr, was an Irish association football player during the 1910s and 1920s.	Bertie Kerr	association football
sport	The Australian Provincial Championship, or APC, is a now-defunct rugby union football competition played in Australia.	Australian Provincial Championship	rugby union
sport	The 2014 FINA Men's Water Polo World League is played between November 2013 and June 2014 and open to all men's water polo national teams.	2014 FINA Men's Water Polo World League	water polo
sport	Suzy Batkovic-Brown (née Batković) (born 17 December 1980 in Lambton, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian women's basketball player.	Suzy Batkovic	basketball
sport	The 2009 Legg Mason Tennis Classic (also known as the 2009 Legg Mason Tennis Classic presented by GEICO for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2009 Legg Mason Tennis Classic	tennis
sport	Orli Znojmo (in English Znojmo Eagles) is a Czech-based ice hockey team that currently plays in the Austrian Hockey League.	Orli Znojmo	ice hockey
sport	Elissa Alarie (born January 31, 1986) is a Canadian rugby union player.	Elissa Alarie	rugby union
sport	Stuart Cowie is a former Scottish professional squash player.	Stuart Cowie	squash
sport	Tal Burstein (Hebrew: טל בורשטיין‎)(born February 19, 1980) is a retired Israeli professional basketball player.	Tal Burstein	basketball
sport	Chun Hee-chul (Hangul: 전희철; born June 26, 1973 in Seoul) is a retired South Korean basketball player.	Chun Hee-chul	basketball
sport	ATSV 1860 Bremen was a German association football club playing in Bremen.	ATSV 1860 Bremen	association football
sport	Thomas Frischknecht (born February 17, 1970 in Feldbach, Switzerland) is a former Swiss mountain bike and cyclo-cross racer, often called Europe's Elder Statesman of mountain biking, because of his extraordinarily long career at the top level of the sport.	Thomas Frischknecht	cyclo-cross	mountain biking
sport	Harry Packer (9 September 1868--25 May 1946) was an English-born international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Newport and was capped seven times for Wales.	Harry Packer	rugby union
sport	Louisville Fall City was a professional baseball team based in Louisville, Kentucky which played in the Negro Leagues.	Louisville Fall City	baseball
sport	Morten Soubak (born 6 August 1964 in Fodby) is a Danish handball coach.	Morten Soubak	handball
sport	The Limburgse Handbal Dagen / Limbourg Handball Days is one of the most well organized handball tournaments in Europe.	Limburgse Handbal Dagen	handball
sport	Polat Kocaoğlu (born 3 May 1979) is a Turkish professional basketball player, currently plays for Gamateks Pamukkale Üniversitesi.	Polat Kocaoğlu	basketball
sport	The 2014 European Baseball Championship was an international baseball tournament held in the Czech Republic and Germany.	2014 European Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	Football Club Lorient-Bretagne Sud (French pronunciation: ​(lɔʁjɑ̃ bʁətaɲ syd); commonly referred to FC Lorient or simply Lorient) is a French association football club based in Lorient, Brittany.	FC Lorient	association football
sport	The Seattle Rainiers, originally named the Seattle Indians and also known as the Seattle Angels, were a minor league baseball team in Seattle, Washington, that played in the Pacific Coast League from 1903 to 1906 and 1919 to 1968.	Seattle Rainiers	baseball
sport	Moor Green F.C. was a non-league association football team originally from the Hall Green area of south Birmingham but later based in the town of Solihull, West Midlands, England.	Moor Green F.C.	association football
sport	The 2005 Bulgarian Figure Skating Championships were the Bulgarian Figure Skating Championships of the 2004-2005 figure skating season.	2005 Bulgarian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Azerbaijan Cup is a major association football competition in Azerbaijan.	Azerbaijan Cup	association football
sport	Monts d'Or Azergues Foot (short: Monts d'Or Azergues) is a French association football club founded in 2000.	Monts d'Or Azergues Foot	association football
sport	Daryl Stanley (born December 2, 1962) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who spent parts of six seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Daryl Stanley	ice hockey
sport	NFL Quarterback Club is an American football video game for multiple platforms that features quarterbacks from the NFL.	NFL Quarterback Club	American football
sport	The Florida Gators cross country program represents the University of Florida in the sport of cross country running.	Florida Gators cross country	cross country running
sport	Vaqueras de Bayamón is the professional female volleyball team of Bayamón, Puerto Rico.	Vaqueras de Bayamón	volleyball
sport	John Boe (born 23 November 1955) is a New Zealand former rugby union footballer and a current coach.	John Boe	rugby union
sport	1991 Soviet Second League, Zone East was the last season of association football competition of the Soviet Second League in the Zone East.	1991 Soviet Second League, Zone East	association football
sport	Guylaine Dumont (born October 9, 1967 in St-Etienne-de-Lauzon, Quebec) is a Canadian beach volleyball player.	Guylaine Dumont	beach volleyball
sport	Troy Lewis (born March 15, 1966) is the fourth all-time leading scorer in Purdue Boilermakers men's basketball history with 2,038 points.	Troy Lewis	basketball
sport	The 2003 FIVB Volleyball World League was the 14th edition of the annual men's volleyball tournament, played by 16 countries from 16 May to 13 July 2003.	2003 FIVB Volleyball World League	volleyball
sport	The 2007 Swiss Open Super Series is the fourth tournament of the 2007 BWF Super Series in badminton.	2007 Swiss Open Super Series	badminton
sport	The 2012 Hun Sen Cup was the 6th season of the Hun Sen Cup, the premier knockout tournament for association football clubs in Cambodia.	2012 Hun Sen Cup	association football
sport	Connor Cook (born January 29, 1993) is an American football quarterback.	Connor Cook	American football
sport	Hilko Ristau (born 24 April 1974 in Bremerhaven) is a retired German association football player.	Hilko Ristau	association football
sport	Anatoly Kashirov (born May 19, 1987 in Moscow, Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, USSR) is a Russian professional basketball player.	Anatoly Kashirov	basketball
sport	Bronisław Bebel (born 16 May 1949) is a former Polish volleyball player, a member of Polish national team in 1968-1978, Olympic Champion 1976, silver medalist of the European Championship 1977.	Bronisław Bebel	volleyball
sport	The WDF World Cup is a Major darts tournament organized by the World Darts Federation and has been held biennially since 1977.	WDF World Cup	darts
sport	The CMLL-Reina International Championship (Campeonato Internacional del CMLL-Reina in Spanish; CMLL-Reina Intānashonaru Ōza (CMLL-Reinaインターナショナル王座) in Japanese) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and Reina Joshi Puroresu.	CMLL-Reina International Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Hannan Sarkar (Bengali: হান্নান সরকার) (born December 1, 1982, in Dhaka) is a Test cricketer for the Bangladesh cricket team.	Hannan Sarkar	cricket
sport	Anatolijs Šmits, also known as Anatols Šmits (September 2, 1941 -- January 30, 1998), was a Latvian chess master.	Anatolijs Šmits	chess
sport	The 2013 Tashkent Open was a WTA International tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2013 Tashkent Open	tennis
sport	James P. Mills (1909--1987) was an American investment banker, throughbred owner, polo player and philanthropist.	James P. Mills	polo
sport	Nana Smith (born Nana Miyagi on 10 April 1971) is an American tennis player who played for Japan.	Nana Smith	tennis
sport	André Dufraisse (born June 30, 1926 in Razès, France) is a former cyclo-cross racer from France, a professional from 1950 to 1964.	André Dufraisse	cyclo-cross
sport	Adrian Cárdenas Rubio (born October 10, 1987) is a former American professional baseball second baseman.	Adrian Cárdenas	baseball
sport	The 1987 CA-TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna, Austria.	1987 CA-TennisTrophy	tennis
sport	Scarborough Pirates ARLFC is the name of an amateur rugby league team which competes in the Rugby League Conference Yorkshire Premier and British Amateur Rugby League Association winter leagues.	Scarborough Pirates ARLFC	rugby league
sport	Marie Jean-Baptiste Joseph Anduran, better known as Joé Anduran or Joe Anduran, was a French rugby union player.	Joé Anduran	rugby union
sport	Aulcie Perry (Hebrew: אולסי פרי‎) (born July 3, 1950) is a retired American-Israeli basketball player.	Aulcie Perry	basketball
sport	Ray Mitchell Oval (also known as Harrup Park) is a cricket ground in the city of Mackay, Queensland, Australia.	Ray Mitchell Oval	cricket
sport	The 1968 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played at Madison Square Garden in New York City, January 23, 1968.	1968 NBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	The BWF Super Series, launched on December 14, 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF).	BWF Super Series	badminton
sport	ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle, previously known as Mostostal-Azoty Kędzierzyn-Koźle, is a Polish volleyball team, based in Kędzierzyn-Koźle, playing in the PlusLiga.	ZAKSA Kędzierzyn-Koźle	volleyball
sport	The Pasadena Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour from 1929 to 1938, held at the Brookside Golf Course in Pasadena, California.	Pasadena Open	golf
sport	The 2010 Hong Kong Super Series was a top level badminton competition which was held from December 7, 2010 to December 12, 2010 in Hong Kong.	2010 Hong Kong Super Series	badminton
sport	2010 Associates Twenty20 Series in Kenya was a tournament of Twenty20 cricket matches that were held in Kenya from 30 January to 4 February 2010.	2010 Associates Twenty20 Series in Kenya	cricket
sport	Ivan Hlinka (January 26, 1950 -- August 16, 2004) was a Czech professional ice hockey player and coach.	Ivan Hlinka	ice hockey
sport	Merewether Carlton Rugby Club, also known as The Greens or The Slime is a rugby union club based in the Newcastle, NSW region of Australia.	Merewether Carlton Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The TSV Steinbach is a German association football club from Steinbach, near Haiger, Hesse.	TSV Steinbach	association football
sport	Lisa Alexander (born September 22, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian competitor in synchronized swimming and Olympic medalist.	Lisa Alexander	synchronized swimming
sport	The Niagara Falls Thunder was a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League from 1988 to 1996.	Niagara Falls Thunder	ice hockey
sport	The 1910 All England Badminton Championships was a badminton tournament held at the Royal Horticultural Hall, Wesminster, England from March 2 to March 6, 1910.	1910 All England Badminton Championships	badminton
sport	Leif Sundell (born February 15, 1958 in Borlänge) is a retired Swedish association football referee.	Leif Sundell	association football
sport	Aline Terry was an American tennis player active at the end of the 19th century.	Aline Terry	tennis
sport	Michalis Romanidis (alternate spelling: Michail) (Greek: Μιχάλης Ρωμανίδης; born June 19, 1966, Thessaloniki, Greece) is a retired Greek professional basketball player.	Michalis Romanidis	basketball
sport	James Gaye Stewart (June 28, 1923 -- November 18, 2010) was a professional ice hockey forward.	Gaye Stewart	ice hockey
sport	Arkadikos B.C., or S.E.F.A. Arkadikos B.C. (Greek: Αρκαδικός ΚΑΕ), is a Greek professional basketball club that is based in Tripoli, Greece.	Arkadikos B.C.	basketball
sport	Alfred Chalkley (born 1904, date of death unknown) was an English association football player who played as a full-back for West Ham United.	Alfred Chalkley	association football
sport	Teppo Rastio (born February 15, 1934 in Naantali, Finland) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the SM-liiga for Lukko and Ilves.	Teppo Rastio	ice hockey
sport	The Pan American Ice Hockey Tournament (Spanish: Torneo Panamericano de Hockey sobre Hielo) is the international ice hockey tournament in the continents of North and South America.	Pan American Ice Hockey Tournament	ice hockey
sport	Made in Denmark is a European Tour golf tournament played annually in Denmark.	Made in Denmark	golf
sport	Koji Kimura (born December 1940) is a retired Japanese table tennis player who won four world titles between 1961 and 1967.	Koji Kimura	table tennis
sport	KPS Chemik Police is a Polish female volleyball club based in Police.	KPS Chemik Police	volleyball
sport	Steve McKenna (born August 21, 1973) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played both defense and left wing.	Steve McKenna	ice hockey
sport	Raymond Cowels III (born November 18, 1990) is an American professional basketball professional player who currently plays for the Nelson Giants of the National Basketball League (NBL).	Raymond Cowels	basketball
sport	Stroke play, also known as medal play, is a scoring system in the sport of golf.	Stroke play	golf
sport	STC Görlitz was a German association football club from the city of Görlitz, Silesia (today: Saxony).	STC Görlitz	association football
sport	Eric Neilson (born August 18, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is known as an enforcer.	Eric Neilson	ice hockey
sport	Rusty LaRue (born December 10, 1973) is an American former multi-sport athlete who played basketball, baseball, and football at Wake Forest University.	Rusty LaRue	basketball
sport	The Irish Hockey Association (IHA; Irish: Cumann Haca na hÉireann) is the governing body for the game of (field) hockey throughout the island of Ireland.	Irish Hockey Association	field) hockey
sport	The Brothers Old Boys is an Australian rugby union club, based in Brisbane, Queensland.	Brothers Old Boys	rugby union
sport	Bright House Networks Stadium, sometimes referred to as ``The Bouncehouse'', is an American football stadium located in Orlando, Florida, United States, on the main campus of The University of Central Florida (UCF).	Bright House Networks Stadium	American football
sport	Neil Grewcock (born Leicester, 26 April 1962) is an English former professional association football player.	Neil Grewcock	association football
sport	Bill Amis (pronounced A-miss) (born October 25, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Steaua București of the Liga Națională.	Bill Amis	basketball
sport	Sergei Yuryevich Panov (Russian: Сергей Юрьевич Панов; born June 30, 1970 in Ryazan, Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic, USSR) is a retired Russian professional basketball player.	Sergei Yuryevich Panov	basketball
sport	The 2013 French Super Series is a top level badminton competition which will take place from October 22, 2013 to October 27, 2013 in Paris, France.	2013 French Super Series	badminton
sport	The 2012 Farmers Classic, presented by Mercedes-Benz, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Los Angeles.	2012 Farmers Classic	tennis
sport	Davor Lamesic (born October 24, 1983) is a Bosnian-Austrian professional basketball player who plays for WBC Raiffeisen Wels since 2008.	Davor Lamesic	basketball
sport	The SCW Diva Championship (also known as the SCW Women's Championship) was a professional wrestling women's championship in the Southern Championship Wrestling (SCW) promotion.	SCW Diva Championship	professional wrestling
sport	David Kočí (born May 12, 1981) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player who is currently coaching within HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga.	David Kočí	ice hockey
sport	Shiva Keshavan (born August 25, 1981) is a five time Olympian and the first Indian representative to compete in luge at the Winter Olympic Games.	Shiva Keshavan	luge
sport	The Southern German football championship (German: Süddeutsche Meisterschaft) was the highest association football competition in the South of Germany, established in 1898.	Southern German football championship	association football
sport	Irina Zaryazhko (born October 4, 1989 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian volleyball player, who plays as a Center.	Irina Zaryazhko	volleyball
sport	Wian du Preez (born 30 October 1982) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing in France for Lyon.	Wian du Preez	rugby union
sport	Reza Hormes-Ravenstijn, (born February 6, 1967 in Beek (Ubbergen)) is a Dutch cyclo-cross racer.	Reza Hormes-Ravenstijn	cyclo-cross
sport	Joe Redington, Senior (February 1, 1917 -- June 24, 1999) was an American dog musher and kennel owner, who is best known as the ``Father of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race'', a long distance sled dog race run annually from the Anchorage area to Nome, Alaska.	Joe Redington	sled dog race
sport	Gert Peens (born 22 March 1974 in Germiston, Gauteng, South Africa) is an Italian rugby union footballer.	Gert Peens	rugby union
sport	Anna Tatishvili (Georgian: ანა ტატიშვილი, born February 3, 1990 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian-American professional tennis player.	Anna Tatishvili	tennis
sport	Claudio Bellucci (born 31 May 1975) is an Italian association football striker.	Claudio Bellucci	association football
sport	Sports Talk Baseball, released in Japan as Pro Yakyuu Super League '91 (プロ野球スーパーリーグ'９１), is a Mega Drive/Genesis baseball video game which features an official MLBPA license as well as most rules and aspects followed by Major League Baseball.	Sports Talk Baseball	baseball
sport	Abby Marshall (born June 11, 1991) is a chess player from Columbus, Ohio, USA, who has resided in Virginia, USA since late 2005.	Abby Marshall	chess
sport	Miroslav Katětov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪroslaf ˈkacɛtof); March 17, 1918, Chembar, Russia -- December 15, 1995) was a Czech mathematician, chess master, and psychologist.	Miroslav Katětov	chess
sport	Katie Harnock (born August 12, 1983) is a Canadian 2.0 point Paralympic wheelchair basketball player.	Katie Harnock	basketball
sport	The Rockbank Football Club, nicknamed the Rams, is an Australian rules football club affiliated with the Riddell District Football League.	Rockbank Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	NHL 07 is an ice hockey video game, released in 2006 as the successor to NHL 06.	NHL 07	ice hockey
sport	Club Melilla Baloncesto is a professional basketball team based in Melilla that plays in the LEB league.	Club Melilla Baloncesto	basketball
sport	Dong Jiong (Chinese: 董炯; born August 20, 1973) is a Chinese badminton player who ranked among the world's men's singles elite in the mid and late 1990s.	Dong Jiong	badminton
sport	The Vancouver Blazers were a professional ice hockey team that played in the World Hockey Association from 1973-75.	Vancouver Blazers	ice hockey
sport	The 2008 Indian Premier League Final was a day/night Twenty20 cricket match played between the Rajasthan Royals and the Chennai Super Kings on 1 June 2008 at the DY Patil Stadium, Navi Mumbai to determine the winner of the 2008 Indian Premier League, a professional Twenty20 cricket league in India.	2008 Indian Premier League Final	cricket
sport	The Antwerp Marathon is an annual AIMS-certified marathon hosted by Antwerp, Belgium, organised since 1980 and held in April (since 2007; before then in different months).	Antwerp Marathon	marathon
sport	Stephanie Edmison, (born July 12, 1987, in Toronto) is a professional squash player who represents Canada.	Stephanie Edmison	squash
sport	Francisco Javier Bosma Mínguez (born 6 November 1969 in Roses, Girona) is a former Spanish beach volleyball player, who won the silver medal in the men's beach volleyball tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens together with Pablo Herrera.	Javier Bosma	beach volleyball
sport	Borislava Perić-Ranković (Serbian Cyrillic: Борислава Перић Ранковић, born 16 June 1972) is a Serbian table tennis player.	Borislava Perić	table tennis
sport	Seth Doliboa (born 1 December 1980) is an American basketball player who plays for S.L. Benfica in Portugal.	Seth Doliboa	basketball
sport	Chess or the King's Game (German: Das Schach- oder Königsspiel) is a book on chess.	Chess or the King's Game	chess
sport	Sabina Simmonds (born 17 April 1960, in London, England) is a former Italian noted international tennis player.	Sabina Simmonds	tennis
sport	Paul Lord is a squash player from England.	Paul Lord	squash
sport	Adam Pavlásek (born 8 October 1994) is a tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour from the Czech Republic.	Adam Pavlásek	tennis
sport	The FIFA Futsal World Cup is the international championship for futsal, the indoor version of association football organized by FIFA.	FIFA Futsal World Cup	association football
sport	The India Fed Cup team represents India in the WTA & ITF Fed Cup professional tennis competition and are governed by the All India Tennis Association.	India Fed Cup team	tennis
sport	Warringah Rugby Club is a rugby union club based on the Northern Beaches of Sydney, New South Wales.	Warringah Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	Damir Bičanić (born 29 July 1985) is a Croatian handball player, playing for Chambéry.	Damir Bičanić	handball
sport	The Wunghnu Football Club, nicknamed the Magpies, was an Australian rules football club.	Wunghnu Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Marta Michna (born 30 January 1978), née Zielińska, is a Poland born chess player who won the Polish Women's Chess Championship in 2003.	Marta Michna	chess
sport	Okapi Aalstar, for sponsorships reasons named Crelan Okapi Aalstar, is a Belgian professional basketball club from Aalst, Belgium.	Okapi Aalstar	basketball
sport	SV Rot Weiss Deuten is a German association football club from Deuten, North Rhine-Westphalia, which is near the town of Borken, close to the Dutch border.	Rot Weiss Deuten	association football
sport	Círculo Universitario de Quilmes, commonly shortnamed as CUQ, is an Argentine rugby union club sited in Quilmes, Buenos Aires.	Círculo Universitario de Quilmes	rugby union
sport	The Edmonton Flyers are a defunct ice hockey team that was based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton Flyers	ice hockey
sport	Raúl Diago Izquierdo (born June 1, 1965 in Matanzas) is a retired volleyball player from Cuba.	Raúl Diago	volleyball
sport	Steve Hirschi (born 18 September 1981 in Grosshöchstetten, Switzerland) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Defenseman who currently plays for and Captains HC Lugano of the National League A (NLA).	Steve Hirschi	ice hockey
sport	Dramane Diarra (born November 19, 1980 in Paris) is a French basketball player who played 27 games for French Pro A league club Reims during the 2006-2007 season.	Dramane Diarra	basketball
sport	Emerging Ireland is an Irish rugby union team that represents Ireland in the IRB Nations Cup.	Emerging Ireland	rugby union
sport	Lars Erik Lund (born 25 July 1974 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey player, who is currently playing for Vålerenga in GET-ligaen.	Lars Erik Lund	ice hockey
sport	Miroslav Bojko (born 30 September 1971) is a Croatian association football coach and a former player.	Miroslav Bojko	association football
sport	Milan Tomić (Serbian: Милaн Томић, born July 24, 1973) is a Serbian-Greek former professional basketball player, and a current assistant coach for Olympiacos of the Greek Basketball League.	Milan Tomić	basketball
sport	The FIBA Americas League (Portuguese: FIBA Liga das Américas, Spanish: FIBA Liga de las Américas) is an international men's professional basketball club competition played annually by clubs of the Americas.	FIBA Americas League	basketball
sport	Dustin Penner (born September 28, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent.	Dustin Penner	ice hockey
sport	Eimantas Bendžius (born 23 April 1990 in Klaipėda) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Trefl Sopot.	Eimantas Bendžius	basketball
sport	Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC (sponsored by Kopparbergs brewery) is an association football club from Gothenburg, Sweden.	Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC	association football
sport	Bianca Walkden (born 29 September 1991) is a British taekwondo practitioner from Liverpool, England and is a member of the GB Taekwondo Academy.	Bianca Walkden	taekwondo
sport	Leonardo Reginatto (born April 10, 1990) is a Brazilian professional baseball third baseman who is a free agent.	Leonardo Reginatto	baseball
sport	USK Praha, (Univerzitní Sportovní Klub Praha, University Sports Club Prague), formerly known as Slavia Prague (Czech: Slavia VŠ Praha), is a Czech professional basketball club that was founded in 1953 in the city of Prague.	USK Praha	basketball
sport	Gladys Shirley Eastlake Smith (14 August 1883 -- 18 September 1941), also known as Gwendoline Eastlake-Smith and Gladys Lamplough (after her marriage), was a British tennis player.	Gwendoline Eastlake-Smith	tennis
sport	Eric Wellwood (born March 6, 1990) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and current assistant coach of the Oshawa Generals of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL).	Eric Wellwood	ice hockey
sport	Sari Falah (Arabic: ساري فلاح‎, Hebrew: סארי פלאח‎; born 22 November 1991) is an Israeli-Druze professional association football player currently contracted to Israeli Premier League side, Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv.	Sari Falah	association football
sport	The 2006 Kazakhstan Hockey Cup was the 5th edition of the Kazakhstan Hockey Cup, the national ice hockey cup competition in Kazakhstan.	2006 Kazakhstan Hockey Cup	ice hockey
sport	Stefan Sinovec (Serbian: Стефан Синовец, born June 20, 1988) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Krka.	Stefan Sinovec	basketball
sport	The Crewe Railroaders are an American football team based in Crewe, Cheshire, England, founded in 1984.	Crewe Railroaders	American football
sport	Matrixx Magixx was a professional basketball team based in Nijmegen and later Wijchen.	Matrixx Magixx	basketball
sport	Karl Arne Fredrik Emvall (born on June 28, 1976 in Växjö, Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player.	Fredrik Emvall	ice hockey
sport	Sune Bergman, born 5 December 1952 in Kramfors, Sweden is a Swedish former ice hockey player and manager.	Sune Bergman	ice hockey
sport	Crystal Huang (also Huang Yao Xi, simplified Chinese: 黄姚熹; traditional Chinese: 黃姚熹; pinyin: Huáng Yáoxī; born July 6, 1979 in Changsha, Hunan) is an American table tennis player of Chinese origin.	Crystal Huang	table tennis
sport	Nikola Milutinov (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Милутинов; born December 30, 1994) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Olympiacos of the Greek Basket League.	Nikola Milutinov	basketball
sport	Jazzmarr Ferguson (born March 22, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Vanoli Cremona of the Lega Basket Serie A.	Jazzmarr Ferguson	basketball
sport	Joseph Fernand Leon Rochefort (born May 4, 1939 in Cap-de-la-Madeleine, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centreman who spent 15 seasons in the National Hockey League playing for seven clubs.	Leon Rochefort	ice hockey
sport	Irene Cuesta Cobo (born September 13, 1983) is a Spanish archer and archery coach.	Irene Cuesta	archery
sport	FC Pasching is an Austrian association football club, from Pasching, Upper Austria.	FC Pasching	association football
sport	Cyprus Volleyball Division 1 is the top level volleyball league in Cyprus.	Cyprus Volleyball Division 1	volleyball
sport	The Basketball Federation of Yugoslavia (Serbo-Croatian: Košarkaški Savez Jugoslavije / Кошаркашки Савез Југославије; Slovene: Košarkarska zveza Jugoslavije; Macedonian: Кошаркарска Федерација на Југославија) was the governing body of basketball in Yugoslavia.	Basketball Federation of Yugoslavia	basketball
sport	2015 Damallsvenskan was the 27th season of the Swedish women's association football top division, Damallsvenskan.	2015 Damallsvenskan	association football
sport	Rémi Lamerat ((ʁe.mi la.mə.ʁa); born 14 January 1990) is a French rugby union player.	Rémi Lamerat	rugby union
sport	Bree B.B.C. is a former professional basketball team based in Bree, Belgium.	Bree B.B.C.	basketball
sport	08 Stockholm Human Rights is a Swedish basketball team located in Stockholm that competes in the women's Damligan.	08 Stockholm Human Rights	basketball
sport	The Pittsburgh Professional Hockey Club, also referred to as the Pittsburgh Professionals and Pittsburgh Pros, were a professional ice hockey team that participated in the International Professional Hockey League (IPHL) from 1904 until 1907.	Pittsburgh Professionals	ice hockey
sport	KSK Luch Moscow is a Russian women's handball club from Moscow.	KSK Luch Moscow	handball
sport	Tegba Othello Hunter (born May 28, 1986) is an American-Liberian professional basketball who plays for Olympiacos Piraeus of the Greek Basket League.	Othello Hunter	basketball
sport	The 2001 Croatian Bol Ladies Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Bol in Croatia and was part of Tier III of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 Croatian Bol Ladies Open	tennis
sport	The 1985 Melbourne Indoor (also known as the Black and Decker Indoor Championships for sponsorship purposes) was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Melbourne, Australia.	1985 Melbourne Indoor	tennis
sport	Guy Shepherdson (born 17 February 1982 in Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Australian former rugby union professional footballer.	Guy Shepherdson	rugby union
sport	The Tunisian Division I Basketball League is the highest tier professional basketball league in Tunisia.	Tunisian Division I Basketball League	basketball
sport	The State Basketball League (SBL) is a semi-professional basketball league in Western Australia, Australia, comprising both a men's and women's competition.	State Basketball League	basketball
sport	Pieter Hendriks (born 13 April 1970), is a former South African rugby union player who played for the South Africa national rugby union team between 1992 and 1996, winning caps.	Pieter Hendriks	rugby union
sport	Terry Moor (born April 23, 1952) is a former tennis player from the United States, who won two singles and three doubles titles during his professional career.	Terry Moor	tennis
sport	The 2013 Guangzhou International Women's Open (named as GRC Bank Guangzhou International Women's Open for sponsorship reasons) was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2013 Guangzhou International Women's Open	tennis
sport	Nikos Argyropoulos (alternate spelling: Argiropoulos) (Greek: Νίκος Αργυρόπουλος; born March 25, 1978 in Patras, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Nikos Argyropoulos	basketball
sport	Michi Atkins was a professional basketball player in the WNBA.	Michi Atkins	basketball
sport	The 2007 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships was a men's professional tennis event on the 2007 ATP Tour in Delray Beach, Florida, USA, held from January 27 to February 4.	2007 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	Tzahi Elihen (Hebrew: צחי אליחן‎; born 3 April 1991) is an Israeli professional association football player currently contracted to Liga Leumit side, Hapoel Ramat Gan.	Tzahi Elihen	association football
sport	Mike Tyson vs. Frank Bruno was a professional boxing match contested on February 25, 1989 for the WBA, WBC, IBF and lineal heavyweight championships.	Mike Tyson vs. Frank Bruno	boxing
sport	William Joel Wilson (born on January 30, 1980), also known as Willy Wilson and Willie Wilson, is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association for Phoenix Fuelmasters.	Willy Wilson	basketball
sport	Teddy Sadaoui (born 18 April 1983 in France) is a French professional rugby league footballer for AS Carcassonne of the French Rugby League Championship.	Teddy Sadaoui	rugby league
sport	John Malecki (born May 26, 1988) is an American football offensive guard who is currently a free agent.	John Malecki	American football
sport	Barbara Scofield (born June 24, 1926 in San Francisco) was a post-war American tennis player.	Barbara Scofield	tennis
sport	Scott Prince (born 27 February 1980 in Mount Isa, Queensland) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, 2000s and 2010s.	Scott Prince	rugby league
sport	Tony Dumas (born August 25, 1972) is an American retired professional basketball player.	Tony Dumas	basketball
sport	The CZW Death Match Championship was a title contested for in the North American independent professional wrestling promotion Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW).	CZW Death Match Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Guillermo Gracida, Jr., a.k.a. ``Memo Gracida'', (born July 25, 1956) is a Mexican polo player whose international career includes several record-setting achievements, including the most U.S. Open victories (16) and the most consecutive years as an American 10-goaler (21).	Guillermo Gracida, Jr.	polo
sport	Bulldogs Liege is a Belgian ice hockey team playing in the Belgian Hockey League, the highest level of ice hockey featuring all-Belgian teams.	Bulldogs Liege	ice hockey
sport	Peter Falkner is the name of a German fencing master, active in the late 15th century (roughly 1470s or 1480s), influenced by Paulus Kal.	Peter Falkner	fencing
sport	Pascal Roller (born 20 November 1976) is a retired German professional basketball player.	Pascal Roller	basketball
sport	Ferdinand Prenom (born January 11, 1991 in Paris) is a French basketball player who plays for French league Pro-A club Dijon.	Ferdinand Prenom	basketball
sport	Yoann Maestri ((jo.an ma.ɛs.tʁi); born 14 January 1988) is a French rugby union international footballer who plays for the club Toulouse in the Top 14.	Yoann Maestri	rugby union
sport	Ulrich Jacques Potgieter (born 24 April 1986 in Port Elizabeth, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Fukuoka Sanix Blues in the Japanese Top League and the Waratahs in Super Rugby.	Jacques Potgieter	rugby union
sport	The Slohokej League (Slohokej Liga) was a multinational ice hockey league in Europe.	Slohokej League	ice hockey
sport	Hartwig Cassel (November 2, 1850 in Konitz, West Prussia (now Chojnice, Poland) -- 1929) was a chess journalist, editor and promoter in Great Britain and the United States of America.	Hartwig Cassel	chess
sport	Almtuna IS was founded in 1932 with teams in football, bandy and table tennis.	Almtuna IS	bandy
sport	England Saxons is the current name of England's men's second national rugby union team.	England Saxons	rugby union
sport	The IWA Mid-South Women's Championship was the title for female wrestlers in the Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South professional wrestling promotion.	IWA Mid-South Women's Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Johan Alcén (born 11 March 1988 in Sandviken) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre (previously a winger) currently playing with Brynäs IF in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Johan Alcén	ice hockey
sport	BC Spartak Pleven (Bulgarian: БК ``Спартак Плевен``) are a Bulgarian professional basketball club based in Pleven.	BC Spartak Pleven	basketball
sport	The European Fencing Championships is an annual top-level European fencing competition organized by the European Fencing Confederation.	European Fencing Championships	fencing
sport	The 1996 Direct Line International Championships was a women's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Devonshire Park Lawn Tennis Club in Eastbourne in England that was part of Tier II of the 1996 WTA Tour.	1996 Direct Line International Championships	tennis
sport	Kendrick Nunn (born August 3, 1995) is an American college basketball player for the University of Illinois, where he is playing his sophomore season for the 2015--16 team.	Kendrick Nunn	basketball
sport	Gunta Baško-Melnbārde (born Gunta Baško April 27, 1980, Riga, Latvia) is a Latvian women's basketball player currently playing for Basket Landes and Latvia women's national basketball team.	Gunta Baško	basketball
sport	The World Figure Skating Championships (``Worlds'') is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union.	World Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Mieczysław Młynarski (born May 17, 1956 in Resko) is a retired Polish basketball player and a current head coach of the Górnik Wałbrzych.	Mieczysław Młynarski	basketball
sport	Ron Reis is the son of Ron Reis, Sr., who was a member of National Collegiate Athletic Association title-winning basketball teams in 1961 and 1962 while studying at the University of Cincinnati.	Ron Reis	basketball
sport	Xzavier Dickson (born September 11, 1992) is an American football defensive end who is currently a member of the practice squad for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League.	Xzavier Dickson	American football
sport	LaceDarius Dunn (born September 5, 1987) is an American basketball guard with Sigal Prishtina in Kosovo.	LaceDarius Dunn	basketball
sport	David Meckler (born July 9, 1987) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently an unrestricted free agent and on a time-out from hockey due to injury.	David Meckler	ice hockey
sport	The 1983 Air Canada Silver Broom, the men's world curling championship, was held from April 11--17, 1983 in the Agridome in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	1983 Air Canada Silver Broom	curling
sport	Maja Marcen (born 14 April 1982), is a Slovenian born athlete, who started archery in 1992.	Maja Marcen	archery
sport	Ivan Francescato (10 February 1967 -- 19 January 1999) was an Italian rugby union player.	Ivan Francescato	rugby union
sport	Craig Sword (born January 16, 1994) is an American basketball player who currently plays for the Mississippi State Bulldogs men's basketball team.	Craig Sword	basketball
sport	Prakash Amritraj (born October 2, 1983 in Los Angeles) is an Indian professional tennis player and the son of renowned former Indian tennis player Vijay Amritraj.	Prakash Amritraj	tennis
sport	SK Wyverns Baseball Club (Hangul: SK 와이번스 야구단) is a South Korean professional baseball team founded in 2000.	SK Wyverns	baseball
sport	Felicia Chester (born March 24, 1988) is a basketball player who most recently played for the Chicago Sky of the Women's National Basketball Association.	Felicia Chester	basketball
sport	The Trampoline World Championships are the World Championships for trampolining.	Trampoline World Championships	trampolining
sport	The 2013 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament began on Friday, May 31, 2013 as part of the 2013 NCAA Division I baseball season.	2013 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament	baseball
sport	Cortez Groves (born March 25, 1978) is an American professional basketball player who has previously played in the now defunct International Basketball Association and the NBL in Australia.	Cortez Groves	basketball
sport	Aleksandr Nikolayevich Martynov (Russian: Александр Николаевич Мартынов) (born 1892; died 1956) was an association football player.	Aleksandr Nikolayevich Martynov	association football
sport	Thierry Gadou (born 13 January 1969 in Vieux-Boucau-les-Bains) is a French basketball player formerly with Élan Béarnais Pau-Orthez.	Thierry Gadou	basketball
sport	WPW Tag Team Championship is the top professional wrestling tag team championship title in the New Zealand promotion New Zealand Wide Pro Wrestling.	WPW Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Tal Shaked (born February 5, 1978 in Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA) is an American chess grandmaster, who is best known for winning the World Junior Championship in 1997.	Tal Shaked	chess
sport	The 2005 Movistar Open was an ATP men's tennis tournament held in Viña del Mar, Chile.	2005 Movistar Open	tennis
sport	Eric Webster (24 June 1931 -- 24 January 2016) was an English association football player and coach.	Eric Webster	association football
sport	Martin Rauch (born June 15, 1965 in Berne, Switzerland) is a professional ice hockey defender.	Martin Rauch	ice hockey
sport	Alain Bozon (born 1938) is a retired French ice hockey player.	Alain Bozon	ice hockey
sport	Radek Bonk (born January 9, 1976) is a former Czech professional ice hockey player who most recently played for Oceláři Třinec of the Czech Extraliga.	Radek Bonk	ice hockey
sport	The 2007 Korea Open Super Series is the second tournament of the 2007 BWF Super Series in badminton.	2007 Korea Open Super Series	badminton
sport	SKA-Sverdlovsk (Russian: СКА-Свердло́вск) is a professional bandy club from Yekaterinburg, Russia, established in 1935.	SKA-Sverdlovsk	bandy
sport	The Tuggeranong Football Club is a semi-professional, community based Australian rules football club based in Tuggeranong, Australian Capital Territory.	Tuggeranong Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Abner Oakes III (born February 13, 1934) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player and coach who spent his entire athletic career with Dartmouth.	Abner Oakes	ice hockey
sport	Dávid Skokan is a Slovak professional ice hockey centre who played with HK ŠKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga.	Dávid Skokan	ice hockey
sport	The Vancouver Millionaires (later known as the Vancouver Maroons) were a professional ice hockey team that competed in the Pacific Coast Hockey Association and the Western Canada Hockey League between 1911 and 1926.	Vancouver Millionaires	ice hockey
sport	Lome Fa'atau (born 23 October 1975 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a rugby union player.	Lome Fa'atau	rugby union
sport	The GP CTT Correios de Portugal is a road bicycle racing stage race held annually in Portugal.	GP CTT Correios de Portugal	road bicycle racing
sport	Lawn bowls at the 2014 Commonwealth Games were held at the Kelvingrove Lawn Bowls Centre in Glasgow, Scotland from 24 July to 1 August 2014.	Lawn bowls at the 2014 Commonwealth Games	Bowls
sport	Jeff Coetzee (born 25 April 1977) is a South African professional tennis player and competes regularly on the ATP tour, as a doubles specialist.	Jeff Coetzee	tennis
sport	The Allan Border Medal is considered to be the most prestigious individual prize in Australian cricket.	Allan Border Medal	cricket
sport	Jennifer Russell (born Jennifer Embry on August 7, 1978) is an American professional tennis player on the WTA Tour.	Jennifer Russell	tennis
sport	Dequam LaWesley Wright (born January 28, 1985) is an American professional baseball relief pitcher who is with the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.	Wesley Wright	baseball
sport	Richard Blake Parker (born June 19, 1985) is an American professional baseball relief pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization.	Blake Parker	baseball
sport	The Northern Ireland Ladies Open was a professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour (LET).	Northern Ireland Ladies Open	golf
sport	Kasper Averink (born June 11, 1993) is a Dutch basketball player.	Kasper Averink	basketball
sport	Marian Cozma (8 September 1982 -- 8 February 2009) was a Romanian handball player.	Marian Cozma	handball
sport	Avery Johnson (born March 25, 1965) is an American basketball coach who is currently the head coach of the Alabama Crimson Tide men's basketball team.	Avery Johnson	basketball
sport	Gar Forman is an American basketball executive for the National Basketball Association's Chicago Bulls.	Gar Forman	basketball
sport	Amager Boldklub af 1970 is a Danish defunct association football club, now a part of AB Tårnby.	Amager Boldklub af 1970	association football
sport	Enver Soobzokov (Arabic: انفر شوابسوقه‎; Russian: Энвер Сообзоков; born May 3, 1978) is a Jordanian professional basketball player of Circassian descent.	Enver Soobzokov	basketball
sport	Misha Zilberman (Hebrew: מישה זילברמן; born 30 January 1989) is an Israeli badminton player.	Misha Zilberman	badminton
sport	Ji Yanyan (Chinese: 纪妍妍; born 29 May 1985) is a basketball player for China women's national basketball team.	Ji Yanyan	basketball
sport	Radovan Somík (born May 5, 1977) is a Slovak professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for Pardubice HC in the Czech Extraliga.	Radovan Somík	ice hockey
sport	Omar Camporese (Italian pronunciation: (ˈɔːmar kampoˈreːze); born 8 May 1968) is a former professional tennis player from Italy.	Omar Camporese	tennis
sport	Keighley Cougars are a professional rugby league club from Keighley in West Yorkshire, England who compete in Kingstone Press League 1, the third tier of English rugby league (behind the Super League and Kingstone Press Championship).	Keighley Cougars	rugby league
sport	Álvaro Galindo (born 26 February 1982), is an Argentine professional rugby union footballer.	Álvaro Galindo	rugby union
sport	The Pan American Cup is an international field hockey competition for men and women organised by the Pan American Hockey Federation (PAHF).	Pan American Cup	field hockey
sport	GT-76 bandy play in Division 1 Mellersta which is the midland section of the second tier of Swedish Bandy clubs.The club play all their home matches at Gubbängens Idrottspark.	GT-76	bandy
sport	The 2014 Men's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the sixth official edition of the men's volleyball tournament, played by eight teams over 19--23 February 2014 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.	2014 Men's South American Volleyball Club Championship	volleyball
sport	John Jeffrey (born 25 March 1959 in Kelso in the Scottish Borders) is a Scottish former international rugby union player.	John Jeffrey	rugby union
sport	Alessandro Conticchio (born 19 January 1974) is an Italian association football and former manager of Viterbese and former player.	Alessandro Conticchio	association football
sport	Dario Chistolini (born 14 September 1988 in Kempton Park, South Africa) is a South African-born Italian rugby union player.	Dario Chistolini	rugby union
sport	The 2000 Thomas & Uber Cup was the 21st tournament of the Thomas Cup, and the 18th tournament of the Uber Cup, which are the major international team competitions in world badminton.	2000 Thomas & Uber Cup	badminton
sport	The 1998 European Community Championships was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Antwerp, Belgium, that was part of the Championship Series of the 1998 ATP Tour.	1998 European Community Championships	tennis
sport	Dominique Arnould (born November 19. 1966 in Luxeuil-les-Bains in Haute-Saône, France) is a former professional road, cyclo-cross, and mountain bike cyclist.	Dominique Arnould	cyclo-cross
sport	Odbojkaški klub Partizan (English: Volleyball club Partizan) commonly known as OK Partizan, is a volleyball club from Belgrade, Serbia.	OK Partizan	volleyball
sport	Flanagan's Onions is a association football club from Hamilton, Bermuda.	Flanagan's Onions	association football
sport	Roberto García Parrondo (born January 12, 1980 in Madrid) is a left-handed, professional team handball player on the Spain national handball team.	Roberto García Parrondo	handball
sport	Wesley Whitehouse (born 13 March 1979 in Durban) is a South African-born New Zealand tennis player.	Wesley Whitehouse	tennis
sport	The South Gawler Football Club is a country Australian rules football club, founded by James Fitzgerald in the Gawler South area of the Barossa Valley town of Gawler, South Australia, in 1889.	South Gawler Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Skouson Harker (born 1977) is a Canadian former professional basketball player of the FIBA European Leagues.	Skouson Harker	basketball
sport	The 2005 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B was the first edition of the Division B of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, the second tier level of European basketball.	2005 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B	basketball
sport	The 2002 Qatar Open, known as the 2002 Qatar ExxonMobil Open, for sponsorship reasons, was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha in Qatar and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour.	2002 Qatar Open	tennis
sport	Yusuke Okada (岡田 優介; born September 17, 1984) is a Japanese professional basketball player.	Yusuke Okada	basketball
sport	Kees-Jan van der Klooster (born July 3, 1977) is a Paralympian athlete from Netherlands competing in alpine skiing events.	Kees-Jan van der Klooster	alpine skiing
sport	James Bevan (15 April 1856 -- 3 February 1938) was a Wales international rugby union three-quarter who played club rugby for Clifton RFC and Newport.	James Bevan	rugby union
sport	Andrej Cvetkovski (born September 20, 1996) is a Macedonian professional basketball Point guard who currently plays for Rabotnički in the Macedonian First League.	Andrej Cvetkovski	basketball
sport	Sergio Parisse (Italian pronunciation: (ˈsɛrdʒo paˈrisse); born 12 September 1983 in La Plata, Argentina) is an Italian rugby union player.	Sergio Parisse	rugby union
sport	Lorne Main (born July 9, 1930, Vancouver, British Columbia) is a former world-class amateur tennis player who competed 11 Grand Slam tournaments in singles.	Lorne Main	tennis
sport	Chris Beattie (born 26 August 1975 in Ipswich, Queensland) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for Lezignan Sangliers in the Elite One Championship rugby league competition in France.	Chris Beattie	rugby league
sport	The 1PW Openweight Championship was a professional wrestling championship in the One Pro Wrestling (1PW) promotion.	1PW Openweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 2006 Davidoff Swiss Indoors was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts.	2006 Davidoff Swiss Indoors	tennis
sport	The IPC Swimming World Championships are the world championships for swimming where athletes with a disability compete.	IPC Swimming World Championships	swimming
sport	A.S.D. Pro Recco (Official name: Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Pro Recco) is an Italian water polo club from Recco in Liguria.	Pro Recco	water polo
sport	Michał Jurecki (born 27 October 1984) is a Polish handball player, playing on the Poland national handball team.	Michał Jurecki	handball
sport	Pete Gillen (born June 20, 1947) is an American former college basketball head coach of the Division I Xavier Musketeers, Providence Friars and Virginia Cavaliers and is a member of the New York City Basketball Hall of Fame.	Pete Gillen	basketball
sport	Joseph Lamptey (born 10 September 1974) is a Ghanaian association football referee.	Joseph Lamptey	association football
sport	YB SK Beveren is a Belgian association football team that plays in the Belgian Provincial Leagues.	YB SK Beveren	association football
sport	The Women's EHF Cup Winners' Cup was the official competition for women's handball clubs of Europe that won their national cup, and took place every year from 1976 to 2016 (until 1993 organized by IHF instead of EHF).	Women's EHF Cup Winners' Cup	handball
sport	Jean-Baptiste Lafond (born 29 December 1961 in Bègles, France) is a former French rugby union footballer.	Jean-Baptiste Lafond	rugby union
sport	Omar Assar (born 22 July 1991 in Kafrelsheikh) is an Egyptian table tennis player.	Omar Assar	table tennis
sport	William Wayte (4 September 1829 -- 3 May 1898) was a Church of England clergyman and a British chess master.	William Wayte	chess
sport	Viktor Axelsen (born January 4, 1994 in Odense) is a badminton player from Denmark.	Viktor Axelsen	badminton
sport	Stevan Jelovac (Serbian: Стефан Јеловац,born July 8, 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for CAI Zaragoza of the Liga ACB.	Stevan Jelovac	basketball
sport	Erek Hansen (born August 31, 1982) is an American professional basketball player currently playing for Kolejlíler.	Erek Hansen	basketball
sport	Nikki Teasley (born March 22, 1979) is a former basketball player in the WNBA.	Nikki Teasley	basketball
sport	Gateshead International Stadium was home to the Gateshead Thunder rugby league club during their spell in the Super League and the replacement Gateshead Thunder club played home games in the main arena, which was known as the Thunderdome when used by that team until the club relocated to Newcastle in 2015.	Gateshead International Stadium	rugby league
sport	At the end of the season, the ice hockey player who has chalked up the most goals and assists (points) in the Swiss National Leagues NL A and NL B for his team during the regular season is awarded the title of PostFinance Top Scorer.	PostFinance Top Scorer	ice hockey
sport	Gevorg Harutjunyan is an Armenian chess grandmaster.	Gevorg Harutjunyan	chess
sport	The South Atlantic League is a minor league baseball league based chiefly in the Southeastern United States, with the exception of three teams in the Mid-Atlantic States.	South Atlantic League	baseball
sport	The 2004 Open 13 was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Palais des Sports de Marseille in Marseille in France and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour.	2004 Open 13	tennis
sport	The ShopRite LPGA Classic, known in full for sponsorship reasons as The ShopRite LPGA Classic Presented by Acer, is a women's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour, held near Atlantic City, New Jersey.	ShopRite LPGA Classic	golf
sport	Ralph Krueger (born August 31, 1959) is a Canadian-born German former professional ice hockey coach and player and current chairman of Southampton Football Club.	Ralph Krueger	ice hockey
sport	HK Spišská Nová Ves is a professional Slovak ice hockey team, currently playing in the 1.	HK Spišská Nová Ves	ice hockey
sport	The Catalonia Ladies Masters was a professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour that was held in Spain.	Catalonia Ladies Masters	golf
sport	The 2007 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2006-2007 figure skating season.	2007 Dutch Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Makedonikos B.C. (Greek: Μακεδονικός K.A.E.) is a Greek professional basketball club.	Makedonikos B.C.	basketball
sport	The 1911 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the tenth edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup, named after the American tennis player Dwight F. Davis.	1911 International Lawn Tennis Challenge	tennis
sport	Carl Froch vs. Jermain Taylor was a boxing super-middleweight fight between the newly crowned champion Carl Froch and former Undisputed middleweight champion Jermain Taylor.	Carl Froch vs. Jermain Taylor	boxing
sport	The Texaco Cup was an association football competition involving clubs from England, Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and Scotland that had not qualified for European competitions.	Texaco Cup	association football
sport	Anastasia Vasina Barsuk (Russian: Анастасия Васина; born 18 December 1987) is a Russian beach volleyball player.	Anastasia Vasina	beach volleyball
sport	Hetul Shah (born in 1999) is an Indian chess player.	Hetul Shah	chess
spouse	Victoire de Castellane lives in Paris with her husband Thomas Lenthal, the art director and founder of Paradis magazine.	Victoire de Castellane	Thomas Lenthal
spouse	Estrid Bjørnsdotter also called Estrid Byrdasvend, (12th century), was a Medieval Norwegian Queen consort, spouse of King Magnus V of Norway.	Estrid Bjørnsdotter	Magnus V of Norway
spouse	Vesta Tilley was romantically involved with Albert Fisher from Birmingham (who latterly named his daughter, Vesta Minnie Parsons after her) and later went on to marry Walter de Frece, music-hall entrepreneur and the son of a theatre owner, at Brixton Register Office on 16 August 1890.	Vesta Tilley	Walter de Frece
spouse	Deborah Tolman is married to Luis Ubiñas.	Deborah Tolman	Luis Ubiñas
spouse	Priscilla Mitchell was married to country singer, songwriter, and session guitarist Jerry Reed from 1959 until his death on September 1, 2008.	Priscilla Mitchell	Jerry Reed
spouse	After her marriage to actor Val Kilmer, she was credited as Joanne Whalley-Kilmer for some years.	Joanne Whalley	Val Kilmer
spouse	While Li Siyuan served as the prefect of Dai, he became impressed with Shi Jingtang and gave his Empress Li to Shi in marriage.	Shi Jingtang	Empress Li
spouse	Alice Arden (1516--1551) was the daughter of John Brigantine and Alice Squire, who conspired to have her husband, Thomas Arden of Faversham, murdered so she could carry on with a long-term affair with a tailor, Richard Moseby.	Alice Arden	Thomas Arden
spouse	Constance of Arles (c. 986 -- 28 July 1032), also known as Constance of Provence, was the third wife and queen consort of King Robert II of France.	Constance of Arles	Robert II of France
spouse	Lars Løkke Rasmussen is married to Sólrun Løkke Rasmussen (née Sólrun Jákupsdóttir).	Lars Løkke Rasmussen	Sólrun Løkke Rasmussen
spouse	Sarah Marinda Bates Pratt (February 2, 1817 -- December 25, 1888) was the first wife of LDS Apostle and polygamist Orson Pratt and later a critic of Mormon polygamy.	Sarah Marinda Bates Pratt	Orson Pratt
spouse	Doris Thompson became a director at Blackpool Pleasure Beach in 1929, immediately after the death of her father, whilst her husband, Leonard Thompson became managing director and chairman.	Doris Thompson	Leonard Thompson
spouse	Faith Hubley (née Chestman; September 16, 1924 -- December 7, 2001) was an animator, known for her experimental work both in collaboration with her husband John Hubley, and on her own following her husband's death.	Faith Hubley	John Hubley
spouse	Lily Braun was briefly married to the professor of philosophy Georg von Gizycki, who was associated with the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) without however being a member of the party.	Lily Braun	Georg von Gizycki
spouse	Henry Stewart, 1st Lord Methven (c. 1495 -- 1552) was Master of the Scottish Artillery and last husband of Margaret Tudor, eldest daughter of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York.	Henry Stewart, 1st Lord Methven	Margaret Tudor
spouse	Jason Nahrung (born 1968) is an Australian horror author and journalist who lives in Melbourne with his partner Kirstyn McDermott.	Jason Nahrung	Kirstyn McDermott
spouse	Nancy Brilli was married for two years to actor Massimo Ghini and later, again for two years, to director Luca Manfredi, son of actor and director Nino Manfredi.	Nancy Brilli	Massimo Ghini	Luca Manfredi
spouse	Ana Maria de Jesus Ribeiro di Garibaldi, best known as Anita Garibaldi or Ana Maria de Jesusito Ribeiro (August 30, 1821 -- August 4, 1849) was the Brazilian wife and comrade-in-arms of Italian revolutionary Giuseppe Garibaldi.	Anita Garibaldi	Giuseppe Garibaldi
spouse	On 2 June 1916, Charles Eyton married actress Kathlyn Williams.	Charles Eyton	Kathlyn Williams
spouse	Zhuo Lin (April 6, 1916 -- July 29, 2009) was the third and last wife of Deng Xiaoping, former Paramount leader of China.	Zhuo Lin	Deng Xiaoping
spouse	In 1998, Dilba met pop singer Martin Svensson at a party, and they later married in the summer of 2000.	Dilba	Martin Svensson
spouse	Ieng Thirith was the wife of Ieng Sary, who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Democratic Kampuchea's Khmer Rouge regime.	Ieng Thirith	Ieng Sary
spouse	Marisa Merz (born 1931) is an Italian sculptor, widow of artist Mario Merz.	Marisa Merz	Mario Merz
spouse	Khieu Ponnary (1920 -- 1 July 2003) was the first wife of Pol Pot, sister of Khieu Thirith and sister-in-law to Ieng Sary.	Khieu Ponnary	Pol Pot
spouse	Twiggy met Leigh Lawson in 1984.	Twiggy	Leigh Lawson
spouse	In June 2007, Ryan Michelle Bathe married fellow actor (and Stanford alum) Sterling K. Brown, her college sweetheart.	Ryan Michelle Bathe	Sterling K. Brown
spouse	Rut Brandt (10 January 1920 -- 28 July 2006) was a Norwegian-born German writer and the wife of the German Chancellor Willy Brandt between 1948 and 1980, including most of his political career as Governing Mayor of Berlin (1957--1966) and German chancellor (1969--1974).	Rut Brandt	Willy Brandt
spouse	In early 2012, Yang Mi revealed the relationship with an Hong Kong actor-singer Hawick Lau through her Weibo.	Yang Mi	Hawick Lau
spouse	He created the Christopher Reeve Foundation (currently known as the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation) to speed up research through funding, and to use grants to improve the quality of the lives of people with disabilities.	Christopher Reeve	Dana Reeve
spouse	The engagement was made against the will of Sigrid Brahe, who was in love with baron Johan Nilsson Gyllenstierna.	Sigrid Brahe	Johan Nilsson Gyllenstierna
spouse	Himiltrude (c. 742-c.780?) was the mother of Charlemagne's first-born son Pippin the Hunchback.	Himiltrude	Charlemagne
spouse	Smith married National Hockey League player Mark Osborne in 1988, and in her last television appearance was credited as Madolyn Smith-Osborne.	Madolyn Smith	Mark Osborne
spouse	Ayşe Hanım Haseki Sultan or Ayşe Hanım Sultan (c. 1682 - 1747) née Iona was a concubine of Greek origin of Ottoman Sultan Ahmed III and mother of Şehzade Abdullah, Fatma Sultan and Şehzade Mehmed of Ottoman Empire.	Ayşe Hanım Sultan	Ahmed III
spouse	Helen Pitts Douglass (1838 -- 1903) was an American suffragist and abolitionist, best known for being the second wife of Frederick Douglass.	Helen Pitts Douglass	Frederick Douglass
spouse	Joan of England (5 July 1321 -- 7 September 1362), known as Joan of the Tower because she was born in the Tower of London, was the first wife and Queen consort of David II of Scotland.	Joan of the Tower	David II of Scotland
spouse	Ann Shulgin (born 22 March 1931) is an American author and the widow of chemist Alexander Shulgin.	Ann Shulgin	Alexander Shulgin
spouse	Alice Dunning Lingard (July 29, 1847 - June 25, 1897) was an English actress who performed both in England and in the United States, and was the wife of mimic and comic William Lingard.	Alice Dunning Lingard	William Lingard
spouse	Thomas Keyes or Keys (by 1524 -- before 5 September 1571) was captain of Sandgate Castle, and serjeant porter to Queen Elizabeth I. Without the Queen's consent, he married Lady Mary Grey, who had a claim to the throne.	Thomas Keyes	Lady Mary Grey
spouse	Princess Louise Margaret of Prussia (Louise Margaret Alexandra Victoria Agnes; later Duchess of Connaught and Strathearn; 25 July 1860 -- 14 March 1917) was a German princess, and later a member of the British Royal Family, the wife of Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn.	Princess Louise Margaret of Prussia	Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn
spouse	They divorced in 2010 and Delphine Arnault had her first child, a daughter, in August of 2012 with businessman Xavier Niel.	Delphine Arnault	Xavier Niel
spouse	Lady Gan (died c. 210) was the first wife of Liu Bei, the founding emperor of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period.	Lady Gan	Liu Bei
spouse	Emma of Altdorf, also known as Hemma (c. 808 -- 31 January 876), a member of the Elder House of Welf, was the wife of King Louis the German, and thereby Queen consort of East Francia from 843 until her death.	Hemma	Louis the German
taxon rank	Gentianella bellidifolia is a species of the genus Gentianella that is native to New Zealand.	Gentianella bellidifolia	species
taxon rank	Mischarytera macrobotrys is a species of rainforest trees, of the flowering plant family Sapindaceae.	Mischarytera macrobotrys	species
taxon rank	Lilium iridollae is a species of Lilium or lily.	Lilium iridollae	species
taxon rank	Actias is a genus of Saturniid moths, which contains the Asian-American Moon moths.	Actias	genus
taxon rank	Elseya uberrima is an Eocene species of extinct Australian snapping turtle.	Elseya uberrima	species
taxon rank	Yaminuechelys is an extinct genus of chelid turtle from Argentina.	Yaminuechelys	genus
taxon rank	Aegialomys xanthaeolus, also known as the yellowish oryzomys or yellowish rice rat, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Aegialomys xanthaeolus	species
taxon rank	Pseudochilus is a small afrotropical genus of potter wasps with 5 currently known species.	Pseudochilus	genus
taxon rank	Heliomeroides alacer Whittington, 1963 Heliomeroides evitti Baldis & Pothe, 1995 Heliomeroides freschaufae Chatterton, 1980 Heliomeroides raymondi (Bradley, 1930) - Originally assigned to Heliomera, and later moved to its current genus by Evitt in 1951.	Heliomeroides	genus
taxon rank	Allium xiangchengense is a plant species endemic to the Sichuan region in southern China.	Allium xiangchengense	species
voice type	Ernst Friedrich Diez or Dietz (17 March 1805 -- December 1892) was a German lyric tenor who sang leading roles in the opera houses of Germany and Austria.	Ernst Friedrich Diez	tenor
voice type	Pia Tassinari (15 September 1903, Modigliana -- 15 May 1995, Faenza) was an Italian soprano and later mezzo-soprano, particularly associated with the Italian and French repertories.	Pia Tassinari	soprano
voice type	Elizabeth Inverarity, later ``Mrs. Charles T. Martyn'' (born Edinburgh, 23 March 1813; died Newcastle-on-Tyne, 27 December 1846), was a Scottish opera soprano, popular singer and actress of the early 19th century, in England and in America.	Elizabeth Inverarity	soprano
voice type	Angelika Kirchschlager (born 1965, Salzburg) is an Austrian mezzo-soprano opera and lieder singer.	Angelika Kirchschlager	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Milagro Vargas (born June 11, 1955) is an American mezzo-soprano known for her distinctive voice and stage presence.	Milagro Vargas	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Jacques Pottier, (born 17 August 1930, Darnétal, France), is a French operatic Lyric tenor and recording artist.	Jacques Pottier	tenor
voice type	Franziska Gottwald (born in Marburg) is a German mezzo-soprano singer in opera and concert.	Franziska Gottwald	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Mimi Lerner (May 20, 1945 -- March 29, 2007) was a Polish-American mezzo-soprano and later head of the voice department at Carnegie Mellon University.	Mimi Lerner	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Kismara Pessatti (born June 3, 1974 in Curitiba, Brazil) is a Brazilian operatic contralto.	Kismara Pessatti	contralto
voice type	Fernando Lima (born May 7, 1975 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a Spanish-language popular music singer, classical music singer and countertenor.	Fernando Lima	countertenor
voice type	David Malis (1957) is an American operatic baritone.	David Malis	baritone
voice type	Carlo Negrini (24 June 1826 in Piacenza -- 14 March 1865 in Naples) was an Italian spinto tenor and creator of Gabriele Adorno in Verdi's opera Simon Boccanegra.	Carlo Negrini	tenor
voice type	Miah Persson, born 27 May 1969 in Örnsköldsvik, is a Swedish soprano, active internationally and in recordings.	Miah Persson	soprano
voice type	Hans-Hermann Nissen (May 20, 1893, Danzig - March 28, 1980, Munich) was a German operatic bass-baritone, particularly associated with Wagner roles, one of the leading Wotan and Hans Sachs of the inter-war period.	Hans-Hermann Nissen	baritone
voice type	Carlos Alexander (October 15, 1915 -- September 4, 1991) was a dramatic baritone and stage director of opera, best known as a singing-actor in German repertoire.	Carlos Alexander	baritone
voice type	Siegmund Nimsgern (born 14 January 1940) is a German bass-baritone, born in Sankt Wendel, Saarland, Germany.	Siegmund Nimsgern	baritone
voice type	Enzo Mascherini (August 6, 1910, Florence - July 29, 1981, Livorno) was an Italian operatic baritone, one of the leading baritones of his generation.	Enzo Mascherini	baritone
voice type	Bahrija Nuri Hadžić (4 March 1904 -- 24 October 1993) was a Bosnian soprano and prima donna.	Bahrija Nuri Hadžić	soprano
voice type	Qiulin Zhang (or Qiu Lin Zhang) is an opera contralto of Chinese descent.	Qiulin Zhang	contralto
voice type	Lynne Dawson (born 3 June 1956, York) is an English soprano.	Lynne Dawson	soprano
voice type	Ludwig Weber (July 29, 1899 -- December 9, 1974) was an Austrian bass.	Ludwig Weber	bass
voice type	Richard Charke (c. 1709--c. 1738) was an English violinist, composer, operatic baritone, and playwright.	Richard Charke	baritone
voice type	Malvina Garrigues, later Malvina Schnorr von Carolsfeld (7 December 1825 -- 8 February 1904) was a Portuguese operatic soprano who was born in Denmark and made her career in Germany.	Malvina Garrigues	soprano
voice type	Ivan Ivanovich Petrov (Russian: Иван Иванович Петров; b. February 29, 1920 in Irkutsk ― d. December 26, 2003 in Moscow) was a Russian bass opera singer.	Ivan Ivanovich Petrov	bass
voice type	Rita Orlandi-Malaspina (born 28 December 1937) is an Italian operatic soprano who had a major international career from the 1960s through the 1980s.	Rita Orlandi-Malaspina	soprano
voice type	Jennifer Sowle (born September 11, 1977) is a classically trained coloratura soprano.	Jennifer Sowle	soprano
voice type	Carrie Pringle (Caroline Mary Isabelle Pringle) (19 March 1859 -- 12 November 1930) was an Austrian-born British soprano singer.	Carrie Pringle	soprano
voice type	Ginger Costa-Jackson (born 10 September 1986, and named Ginger Emilia Jackson) is an Italian-American operatic mezzo-soprano and perennial artist with the Metropolitan Opera since entering its Lindemann Young Artist Development Program in 2007.	Ginger Costa-Jackson	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Peggy Ann Jones (born 1939) is an English opera singer and actress, best known for her performances in the mezzo-soprano roles of the Savoy operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Peggy Ann Jones	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Janet Pavek (12 August 1936 -- 6 January 2009) was an American operatic soprano and musical theatre actress.	Janet Pavek	soprano
voice type	Herta Glaz (also spelled Hertha; September 16, 1910, Vienna - January 28, 2006, Hamden, Connecticut) was an American operatic mezzo-soprano, voice teacher, and opera director of Austrian birth.	Herta Glaz	mezzo-soprano
voice type	James Melton (January 2, 1904 -- April 21, 1961), a popular singer in the 1920s and early 1930s, later began a career as an operatic singer when tenor voices went out of style in popular music around 1932--35.	James Melton	tenor
voice type	Paata Burchuladze (Georgian: პაატა ბურჭულაძე) (born February 12, 1955) is a Georgian operatic bass.	Paata Burchuladze	bass
voice type	Vilém Přibyl (born Náchod, 10 April 1925 - died Brno, 21 July 1990) was a Czech operatic tenor.	Vilém Přibyl	tenor
voice type	Dennis McNeil, (born July 30, 1960, Los Angeles, California) is an American operatic tenor, musical theater performer, and concert singer.	Dennis McNeil	tenor
voice type	Claudia Lindsey (born 1936 or 1937) is an American operatic soprano.	Claudia Lindsey	soprano
voice type	Giulia Novelli (1859-1932) was an Italian operatic mezzo-soprano.	Giulia Novelli	mezzo-soprano
voice type	The German soprano Elisabeth Rethberg (22 September 1894 -- 6 June 1976) was an opera singer of international repute active from the period of the First World War through to the early 1940s.	Elisabeth Rethberg	soprano
voice type	Stephanie Novacek (b. Iowa City, Iowa, 31 August 1970) is an American operatic mezzo-soprano who has appeared at many of the world's opera houses.	Stephanie Novacek	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Hariclea Darclée (born 10 June 1860 - 12 January 1939) was a celebrated Romanian operatic soprano, regarded as one of the world's most famous opera singers during her three-decade-long career.	Hariclea Darclée	soprano
voice type	Angelo Bendinelli (1876 in Pisa -- 1942 in Livorno) was an Italian tenor.	Angelo Bendinelli	tenor
voice type	Melba Ramos is a Puerto Rican- born soprano active in the opera houses and concert halls of Europe.	Melba Ramos	soprano
voice type	Sara Macliver is an Australian soprano singer, born and raised in Perth, Western Australia.	Sara Macliver	soprano
voice type	Sapho - Katherine Ciesineki (Sapho), Eliane Lublin (Glycère), Alain Vanzo, tenor (Phaon);	Alain Vanzo	tenor
voice type	Katija Dragojevic, born on 14 July 1970, is a Swedish operatic mezzo-soprano who is active at international opera houses such as La Scala, Royal Opera House Covent Garden and La Monnaie.	Katija Dragojevic	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Mizzi Günther (8 February 1879 -- 18 March 1961) was a Bohemian-Viennese operetta soprano.	Mizzi Günther	soprano
voice type	Marta Fuchs (January 1, 1898 - September 22, 1974) was a German concert and operatic soprano.	Marta Fuchs	soprano
voice type	Albertine Morin-Labrecque (sometimes Labrecque-Morin) (8 June 1886 - 22 or 25 September 1957) was a Canadian pianist, soprano, composer, and music educator.	Albertine Morin-Labrecque	soprano
voice type	Ewa Thérèse Karlsson (born 25 January 1972, Pargas) is a Finnish singer (soprano) and actor (from the Åland islands).	Thérèse Karlsson	soprano
voice type	Anna Case (October 29, 1888 -- January 7, 1984; aged 95) was an American soprano.	Anna Case	soprano
