author	The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain is an 1876 novel about a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River.	The Adventures of Tom Sawyer	Mark Twain
author	And the Rain My Drink is a 1956 novel by Chinese-Flemish writer Han Suyin.	And the Rain My Drink	Han Suyin
cast member	Azaad Desh Ke Gulam is a 1990 Indian Hindi film released on 06th April starring Jackie Shroff and Rekha.	Azaad Desh Ke Gulam	Jackie Shroff	Rekha
cast member	McVeagh of the South Seas is a 1914 American drama film directed by and starring Harry Carey.	McVeagh of the South Seas	Harry Carey
child	Betty Corday, mother of Ken Corday, had previously been a Broadway stage actress, starring in ``one flop after another'' before marrying her husband, a former lawyer and a then-recent migrant from Alberta, Canada.	Betty Corday	Ken Corday
child	Kjell Bondevik is also known as the uncle of Kjell Magne Bondevik, later Prime Minister, and father of bishop Odd Bondevik.	Kjell Bondevik	Odd Bondevik
child	Jacob Kielland, priest and politician Kitty Kielland, painter Alexander Kielland, the well-known De Fire Store novelist Tycho Kielland became a jurist and journalist Janna died after giving birth to the eighth child In July 1863, Jens Zetlitz Kielland married Inger Mæle (1815--1887).	Jens Zetlitz Kielland	Tycho Kielland
child	Salman Khurshid, former Union Minister for External Affairs (Indian Foreign Minister), is the son of Khurshed Alam Khan.	Khurshed Alam Khan	Salman Khurshid
child	Padmarani and Namdar Irani had a daughter, Daisy Irani, who also took up acting.	Padmarani	Daisy Irani
child	Louis François Cauchy (27 May 1760 -- 28 December 1848) was a senior French government official and the father of the mathematician Augustin-Louis Cauchy.	Louis François Cauchy	Augustin-Louis Cauchy
child	Hammurabi died and passed the reins of the empire on to his son Samsu-iluna in c. 1750 BC, under whose rule the Babylonian empire began to quickly unravel.	Hammurabi	Samsu-iluna
child	Maria Theresa kept up a fortnightly correspondence with Maria Antonia, now called Marie Antoinette, in which she often reproached her for laziness and frivolity and scolded her for failing to conceive a child.	Maria Theresa	Marie Antoinette
child	Gerard van Swieten was the father of Gottfried van Swieten, who had his own career in government service and is remembered as a patron of Haydn, Mozart, and other composers.	Gerard van Swieten	Gottfried van Swieten
child	The Life of St. Cadoc by Lifris (c. 1100) portrays Brychan fighting Arthur, Cai and Bedivere because of King Gwynllyw of Gwynllwg's abduction of his daughter St. Gwladys from his court in Talgarth.	Brychan	Gwladys
child	Walter Barylli is the father of actor and playwright Gabriel Barylli (b. 1957).	Walter Barylli	Gabriel Barylli
child	Stone and Blackwell had one daughter, Alice Stone Blackwell, born September 14, 1857, who became a leader of the suffrage movement and wrote the first biography of her mother, Lucy Stone:	Lucy Stone	Alice Stone Blackwell
child	With Sif, Thor fathered the goddess (and possible valkyrie) Þrúðr; with Járnsaxa, he fathered Magni; with a mother whose name is not recorded, he fathered Móði, and he is the stepfather of the god Ullr.	Thor	Þrúðr	Magni	Móði
child	Wen Qimei (February 12, 1867 -- October 5, 1919) was a Chinese woman who achieved notability as the mother of political leader and revolutionary Mao Zedong.	Wen Qimei	Mao Zedong
child	Yuwen Shu's sons Yuwen Huaji and Yuwen Zhiji (宇文智及), who were mid-level officials in Emperor Yang's government, secretly conducted forbidden trade with Tujue.	Yuwen Shu	Yuwen Zhiji
child	His sons Sir Arthur Dudley Dobson and Edward Dobson (1847--1934) became prominent in New Zealand, both having been pioneer surveyors.	Edward Dobson	Arthur Dudley Dobson
child	Akbar was succeeded as emperor by his son, Jahangir.	Akbar	Jahangir
child	Gjon Kastrioti or John Castriot (13?? -- 4 May 1437) was an Albanian nobleman, member of the Kastrioti family, and the father of Skanderbeg.	Gjon Kastrioti	Skanderbeg
child	According to the Homeric Hymn III to Delian Apollo, Hera detained Eileithyia to already prevent Leto from going into labor with Artemis and Apollo, since the father was Zeus.	Hera	Eileithyia
child	Erik Juel, often referred to as Erik Juel to Hundsbæk and Alsted (1591 -- 13 February 1657), was a Danish courtier, seignory and Privy Councillor, the father of Admiral Niels Juel and of the politician and diplomat Jens Juel.	Erik Juel	Niels Juel	Jens Juel
child	Ramaitsoanala took the name Randapavola upon her marriage and then became known as Queen Rasolobe upon the birth of the couple's seventh and final son, Ralambo--the only one of Andriamanelo's children to survive to adulthood.	Andriamanelo	Ralambo
child	Klaus Sammer is the father of Matthias Sammer, who began his career under him at Dynamo Dresden, and went on to play for both East Germany and the united Germany, and was European Player of the Year in 1997.	Klaus Sammer	Matthias Sammer
child	It is known that Basiliscus had a wife, Zenonis, and at least one son, Marcus.	Basiliscus	Marcus
child	Frederick Blantford Bate was an American broadcaster of the early 20th century, and was a representative for NBC in Britain during World War I. He was the husband of Vera Bate Lombardi, the British socialite, and the father of Bridget Bate Tichenor, the surrealist artist.	Frederick Blantford Bate	Bridget Bate Tichenor
child	When Minos' son Androgeos had won the Panathenaeic Games the king, Aegeus, sent him to Marathon to fight a bull, resulting in the death of Androgeos.	Minos	Androgeos
conflict	The 3-inch gun M1917 was a World War I-era US-made anti-aircraft gun and was based on the 3-inch gun M1903.	3-inch gun M1903	World War I
conflict	Eugène-Guillaume Argenteau, comte de Mercy or Eugen Gillis Wilhelm Graf Mercy d'Argenteau (1743 -- 4 May 1819) joined the Austrian army in 1760, became a general officer, and led large formations of soldiers in several actions during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Eugène-Guillaume Argenteau	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Thomas Clement Fletcher (January 21, 1827 -- March 25, 1899) was the 18th Governor of Missouri during the latter stages of the American Civil War and the early part of Reconstruction.	Thomas Clement Fletcher	American Civil War
conflict	Djevdet Bey, Jevdet Bey, Cevdet Belbez (Modern Turkish: Cevdet Bey ) was the governor of the Van vilayet of the Ottoman Empire during World War I and the Siege of Van.	Djevdet Bey	World War I
conflict	Karl von Wohlgemuth (15 September 1917 -- 29 August 1983) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a General in the Bundesheer.	Karl von Wohlgemuth	World War II
conflict	Louis Fursy Henri Compère (16 January 1768 -- 27 March 1833) was a French general of artillery in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Louis Fursy Henri Compère	French Revolutionary Wars	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	United States Navy Ensign Robert W. Langwell, of Columbus, Indiana was declared missing in action during the Korean War.	Robert W. Langwell	Korean War
conflict	It was reportedly decided shortly before the beginning of the 2006 Lebanon War that the Merkava line would be discontinued within four years.	Merkava	2006 Lebanon War
conflict	Leutnant Hermann Becker (10 September 1887 -- 21 April 1970), was a World War I German fighter ace credited with 23 victories.	Hermann Becker	World War I
conflict	Friedrich Bernhard (October 5, 1888 -- December 29, 1945) was a German Lieutenant-General of the Cavalry, serving during World War II as a Panzer commander and a recipient of the German Cross in Gold on 17 March 1944.	Friedrich Bernhard	World War II
conflict	John Milton Brannan (July 1, 1819 -- December 16, 1892) was a career American Army officer who served in the Mexican-American War and as a Union general in the American Civil War, in command of the Department of Key West in Florida and assigned to Fort Zachary Taylor.	John Milton Brannan	American Civil War
conflict	Sergeant-Observer William James Middleton DFM was a British World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.	William James Middleton	World War I
conflict	Dimitrios Papatsonis (Greek: Δημήτριος Παπατσώνης, c. 1798 - 24 June 1825) was a fighter of the Greek War of Independence from Peloponnese.	Dimitrios Papatsonis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Caspar Crowninshield (October 23, 1837 -- January 10, 1897) was a volunteer officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Caspar Crowninshield	American Civil War
conflict	Cornelius McNamara, better known as Connie (Mackey) Mc Namara, (6 April 1896 -- 15 December 1957) was the Captain of ``A'' Company Active Service Unit of the Second Battalion Mid-Limerick Brigade in the Irish Republican Army during the Irish War of Independence.	Cornelius McNamara	Irish War of Independence
conflict	Sir Bernard Brocas, also Barnard Brocas Senior (1330--1395) was a prominent commander in the English army during King Edward III's French campaigns of the Hundred Years War.	Bernard Brocas	Hundred Years War
conflict	François Bontemps, later baron d'Abaumont, a noted brigadier general during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	François Bontemps	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	The SCR-508 Radio was a mobile Signal Corps Radio used by the U.S. Army during World War II, for short range ground communications.	SCR-508	World War II
conflict	Captain Richard E. Fleming (November 2, 1917--June 5, 1942) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for his heroism in World War II during the Battle of Midway.	Richard E. Fleming	World War II	Battle of Midway
conflict	Jan Jagmin-Sadowski (April 24, 1895 in Grójec -- October 5, 1977 in Warsaw), was a general of the Polish Army, having served in World War I as a member of Józef Piłsudski's legions, as well as commanding Polish forces during the invasion of Poland in 1939.	Jan Jagmin-Sadowski	World War I
conflict	Fred Faulkner Lester (April 29, 1926 -- June 8, 1945) was a United States Navy hospital corpsman who was killed in action during World War II while assigned to a Marine Corps rifle company during the Battle of Okinawa in 1945.	Fred Faulkner Lester	World War II
conflict	Anselm Tupper (1763--1808) was an officer of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, a pioneer to the Ohio Country, and one of the founders of Marietta, Ohio, the first permanent American settlement in the Northwest Territory.	Anselm Tupper	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Dimitrios Ioannou (Greek: Δημήτριος Ιωάννου, 1861--1926) was a senior Greek Army officer who fought in the Macedonian Front during World War I and in the opening stages of the Greco-Turkish War of 1919--1922.	Dimitrios Ioannou	World War I
conflict	Siegfried Freytag (10 November 1919 -- 1 June 2003) was a German World War II fighter ace and a decorated Sergent of the French Foreign Legion ( 1952 - 1970 ).	Siegfried Freytag	World War II
conflict	Lieutenant General Hans Joachim Friedrich von Sydow (13 May 1762 in Zernikow / Nordwestuckermark -- 27 April 1823) was a Prussian officer who fought in the Napoleonic Wars He was honoured with a knighthood and the Blue Max (Pour le Mérite).	Hans Joachim Friedrich von Sydow	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	In World War II it served as the 42nd (East Lancashire) Infantry Division with the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) and fought in Belgium and France before being evacuated at Dunkirk.	42nd (East Lancashire) Infantry Division	World War II
conflict	David Sprowle (born 1811) was an orderly sergeant serving in the United States Marine Corps during the American Civil War who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Battle of Mobile Bay.	David Sprowle	American Civil War
conflict	Werner Baumbach (27 December 1916 -- 20 October 1953) was a bomber pilot in the German Luftwaffe during World War II and commander of the secret bomber wing Kampfgeschwader 200 (KG 200).	Werner Baumbach	World War II
conflict	Helmut Arpke (born 20 March 1917 in Graudenz; killed in action 16 January 1942 near Schaikowka) was a member of the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his actions during the Battle of Fort Eben-Emael.	Helmut Arpke	World War II	Battle of Fort Eben-Emael
conflict	No. 108 Squadron RAF was originally a squadron of the Royal Flying Corps during World War I which continued to serve with the Royal Air Force in World War II.	No. 108 Squadron RAF	World War I
conflict	Josef Kociok (26 April 1918 -- 26 September 1943) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Josef Kociok	World War II
conflict	Frank S. Gile (September 15, 1847 -- March 19, 1898) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for helping to free his grounded ship.	Frank S. Gile	American Civil War
conflict	Lieutenant Colonel Jack Armand Cunningham DSO, DFC (4 December 1890 -- 3 April 1956) was an English World War I flying ace credited with 10 aerial victories.	Jack Armand Cunningham	World War I
conflict	The Mercedes-Benz L3000 was a 4x2 3-ton rear axle drive truck used by Germany in World War II, powered by a Daimler-Benz OM 65/4 75 hp 4-cylinder diesel engine.	Mercedes-Benz L3000	World War II
conflict	Delbert L. Bristol (September 20, 1918 -- April 3, 1980) served as an Aviation Artillery Officer attached to the II Corps during World War II and was the first such officer to create a Corps level Air Artillery staff.	Delbert L. Bristol	World War II
conflict	Ricardo C. Binns was a corporal in the United States Marine Corps and a recipient of the Navy Cross for actions in the Battle of Hill 488 of the Vietnam War.	Ricardo C. Binns	Battle of Hill 488	Vietnam War
conflict	Private Thomas W. Stivers (July 15, 1850 -- June 28, 1877), also known under the name Thomas ``Tom'' Stevens or Stevers, was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 7th U.S. Cavalry during the Great Sioux War of 1876-77.	Thomas W. Stivers	Great Sioux War of 1876
conflict	Christoforos Perraivos (Greek: Χριστόφορος Περραιβός) was a Greek officer of the Greek War of Independence, member of the Filiki Eteria and author.	Christoforos Perraivos	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Mario de Bernardi (1893--1959) was an Italian World War I fighter pilot, seaplane air racer of the 1920s, and test pilot of early Italian experimental jets.	Mario de Bernardi	World War I
conflict	Captain Félix Arenas Gaspar (December 13, 1891 -- July 29, 1921), a Puerto Rican, was a Captain in the Spanish Army who was posthumously awarded the Cruz Laureada de San Fernando for his actions in the Rif War.	Félix Arenas Gaspar	Rif War
conflict	Commander James Jonas Madison, USNRF (May 20, 1884 -- December 25, 1922) was an officer in the United States Naval Reserve and a World War I recipient of the Medal of Honor.	James Jonas Madison	World War I
conflict	Tomás Urbina (c. 1877--1915) was a general during the Mexican Revolution who allied with Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata.	Tomás Urbina	Mexican Revolution
conflict	It was in the earlier conflicts of the Napoleonic Wars that Fyodor Drizen first distinguished himself, fighting at the battles of Austerlitz, Heilsberg, and Friedland.	Fyodor Drizen	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	USS Dahlia (1862) was a paddle-wheel tugboat acquired by the Union Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War.	USS Dahlia (1862)	American Civil War
conflict	Theodore Anderson Baldwin (December 21, 1839 -- September 1, 1925) was a U.S. military officer during the American Civil War and the Spanish-- American War.	Theodore Anderson Baldwin	Spanish-- American War
conflict	James Robert Madison Mullany (26 October 1818 -- 17 September 1887) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy, who served during the American Civil War.	James Robert Madison Mullany	American Civil War
constellation	NGC 3114 is a sparse open cluster which is projected onto the outskirts of the Carina complex.	NGC 3114	Carina
constellation	HD 90089 is a suspected variable star in the constellation Camelopardalis.	HD 90089	Camelopardalis
constellation	Zeta Scuti (ζ Sct, ζ Scuti) is the Bayer designation for a star in the southern constellation of Scutum.	Zeta Scuti	Scutum
constellation	B Centauri (B Cen) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	B Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	Gliese 86 b, sometimes referred to as Gliese 86 Ab (so as to distinguish the planet from companion star ``B'') and or shortened to Gl 86 b, is an extrasolar planet approximately 36 light-years away in the constellation of Eridanus.	Gliese 86 b	Eridanus
constellation	HD 33564 is a 5th magnitude binary star located approximately 68 light-years away in the constellation of Camelopardalis.	HD 33564	Camelopardalis
constellation	HD 222582 is a magnitude 7.7 star approximately 136 light-years away in the constellation of Aquarius.	HD 222582	Aquarius
constellation	Delta Serpentis (δ Serpentis, δ Ser) is a star system in the constellation Serpens, in its head (Serpens Caput).	Delta Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	NGC 39 (also known as UGC 114, MCG 5-1-52, ZWG 499.76 or PGC 852) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Andromeda.	NGC 39	Andromeda
constellation	NGC 5010 is a lenticular galaxy located about 140 million light years away, in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 5010	Virgo
constellation	Psi Serpentis (ψ Ser, ψ Serpentis) is a star system in the constellation Serpens.	Psi Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	NGC 1409 is a pair of interacting galaxies in the constellation Taurus.	NGC 1409	Taurus
constellation	NGC 5364 is a grand design spiral galaxy located 54.5 million light years away in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 5364	Virgo
constellation	HD 140913 is a star very much like our own Sun located in the constellation Corona Borealis (The Northern Crown) 156 light years away.	HD 140913	Corona Borealis
constellation	NGC 7822 is a young star forming complex in the constellation of Cepheus.	NGC 7822	Cepheus
constellation	Abell 70 is a planetary nebula located 13,500-17,500 light years away in the constellation of Aquila.	Abell 70	Aquila
constellation	Iota Centauri (ι Cen, ι Centauri) is a star in the southern constellation of Centaurus.	Iota Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	2MASS J04151954-0935066 (also abbreviated to 2MASS 0415-0935) is a brown dwarf of spectral class T8, in the constellation Eridanus about 18.6 light-years from Earth.	2MASS J04151954-0935066	Eridanus
constellation	37 Comae Berenices (37 Com) is a star in the constellation Coma Berenices.	37 Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	NGC 38 (also known as MCG-1-1-47, Stephan XII, or PGC 818) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Pisces.	NGC 38	Pisces
constellation	WASP-18 is a magnitude 9 star located in the Phoenix constellation of the southern hemisphere.	WASP-18	Phoenix
constellation	WOH G64 is a red hypergiant star in the Large Magellanic Cloud satellite galaxy in the southern constellation of Dorado.	WOH G64	Dorado
constellation	NGC 16 is a lenticular galaxy located in the Pegasus constellation.	NGC 16	Pegasus
constellation	NGC 1365, also known as the Great Barred Spiral Galaxy, is a barred spiral galaxy about 56 million light-years away in the constellation Fornax.	NGC 1365	Fornax
constellation	9 Ceti is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Cetus.	9 Ceti	Cetus
constellation	Delta Indi (δ Ind) is a binary star in the constellation Indus.	Delta Indi	Indus
constellation	SN 2006jc was a supernova that was detected on October 9, 2006 in the galaxy UGC 4904, which is about 77 million light-years away in the constellation Lynx.	SN 2006jc	Lynx
constellation	HD 29587 is a Sun-like star located approximately 93 light-years away in the constellation of Perseus.	HD 29587	Perseus
constellation	Mu Velorum (μ Vel, μ Velorum) is a binary star system in the southern constellation Vela.	Mu Velorum	Vela
constellation	Theta Gruis (θ Gru) is a triple star system in the constellation Grus.	Theta Gruis	Grus
constellation	HD 149143 is a star located in Ophiuchus constellation that has spectral type of G0 located at a distance of 207 ly from us.	HD 149143	Ophiuchus
constellation	HD 30562 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the F-type main sequence star HD 30562, located approximately 86 light years away in the constellation Eridanus.	HD 30562 b	Eridanus
constellation	AS 314, also known as V452 Scuti, is a white hypergiant star and luminous blue variable candidate located in the constellation of Scutum.	AS 314	Scutum
constellation	NGC 2244 (also known as Caldwell 50) is an open cluster in the Rosette Nebula, which is located in the constellation Monoceros.	NGC 2244	Monoceros
constellation	Mu Coronae Australis (m CrA), is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis.	Mu Coronae Australis	Corona Australis
constellation	Kappa Arietis (κ Ari, κ Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries.	Kappa Arietis	Aries
constellation	Omega Persei (Omega Per, ω Persei, ω Per) is a star in the constellation Perseus.	Omega Persei	Perseus
constellation	Messier 63 (also known as M63, NGC 5055, or the Sunflower Galaxy) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici consisting of a central disc surrounded by many short spiral arm segments.	Sunflower Galaxy	Canes Venatici
constellation	51 Pegasi b (abbreviated 51 Peg b), unofficially dubbed Bellerophon, later named Dimidium, is an extrasolar planet approximately 50 light-years away in the constellation of Pegasus.	51 Pegasi b	Pegasus
constellation	HD 182475 is a Delta Scuti variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila.	HD 182475	Aquila
constellation	HD 37124 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 108 light-years away in the constellation of Taurus (the Bull).	HD 37124 b	Taurus
constellation	Furuhjelm 46, also known as HD 155876 and Gliese 661, is a nearby binary star system, consisting of two very similar red dwarfs, located in the constellation Hercules.	Furuhjelm 46	Hercules
constellation	24 Sextantis (often shortened to 24 Sex) is the Flamsteed designation of a 7th-magnitude star located approximately 253 light years away in the constellation of Sextans.	24 Sextantis	Sextans
constellation	NGC 1856 is a young, massive star cluster similar to a ``blue globular cluster'' in the Magellanic Clouds in the constellation Dorado.	NGC 1856	Dorado
constellation	HD 115404 is a binary star system located thirty-six light-years away, in the constellation Coma Berenices.	HD 115404	Coma Berenices
constellation	Mu Centauri (μ Cen, μ Centauri) is a third-magnitude star in the southern constellation of Centaurus.	Mu Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	NGC 5824 is a globular cluster in the constellation Lupus, almost on its western border with Centaurus.	NGC 5824	Lupus
constellation	Kappa Trianguli Australis (κ TrA, κ Trianguli Australis) is a star in the constellation Triangulum Australe.	Kappa Trianguli Australis	Triangulum Australe
constellation	24 Aquarii (abbreviated 24 Aqr) is a double star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	24 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	COROT-2 is a yellow dwarf main sequence star a little cooler than the Sun. This star is located approximately 930 light-years away in the constellation of Aquila.	COROT-2	Aquila
constellation	HD 132029 is a star in the northern constellation of Boötes.	HD 132029	Boötes
constellation	NGC 1531 is a dwarf galaxy in the constellation Eridanus that is interacting with the larger spiral galaxy NGC 1532.	NGC 1531	Eridanus
constellation	HD 68601 is a white supergiant star in the constellation Puppis.	HD 68601	Puppis
continent	The Gullet is a narrow channel between the eastern extremity of Adelaide Island and the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica, separating Hansen Island and Day Island and connecting the heads of Hanusse Bay and Laubeuf Fjord.	The Gullet	Antarctica
continent	Mount Gaston de Gerlache (71°44′S 35°49′E) is the southernmost massif, 2,400 metres (7,900 ft) high, in the Queen Fabiola Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Gaston de Gerlache	Antarctica
country	Ghowch Naveh is a village in Bamyan Province very near the center of Afghanistan.	Ghowch Naveh	Afghanistan
country	Kalijan (Persian: كاليجان‎, also Romanized as Kalījān; also known as Kaladzha, Kāljān, Ohālja, and Ūhāljeh) is a village in Sina Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalijan	Iran
country	Luboniek (luˈbɔɲek) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Luboniek	Poland
country	The Driemanschap (Triumvirate) of 1813 was formed after Charles-François Lebrun and the French troops suddenly left the area of the Netherlands.	Driemanschap	Netherlands
country	Lehchevo (Лехчево) is a village in Boychinovtsi Municipality of Montana Province, northwestern Bulgaria.	Lehchevo	Bulgaria
country	Gulzar Kalle, also Gulzar, is village of Bannu District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Gulzar Kalle	Pakistan
country	The Monastery of Arouca is located in the town of Arouca, in Portugal.	Monastery of Arouca	Portugal
country	Rugir-e Taj Amiri (Persian: روگيرتاج اميري‎, also Romanized as Rūgīr-e Tāj Amīrī) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rugir-e Taj Amiri	Iran
country	Upper Lusatia (German: Oberlausitz, Upper Sorbian: Hornja Łužica, Lower Sorbian: Górna Łužyca, Czech: Horní Lužice, Polish: Górne Łużyce or Milsko) is a historical region in Germany and Poland.	Upper Lusatia	Germany	Poland
country	Strzeszkowo (stʂɛʂˈkɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Strzeszkowo	Poland
country	Gabrovica pri Komnu (pronounced (ˈɡaːbɾɔʋitsa pɾi ˈkoːmnu)) is a village in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gabrovica pri Komnu	Slovenia
country	Ineu (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈnew); Hungarian: Borosjenő; Serbian: Јенопоље/Jenopolje; Turkish: Yanova) is a town in Arad County, western Transylvania, Romania.	Ineu	Romania
country	Vlachovo (Hungarian: Oláhpatak, German: Lambsdorf) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Vlachovo	Slovakia
country	Lag Tuleritg is a lake at Flims in the canton of Grisons, Switzerland.	Lag Tuleritg	Switzerland
country	The Aorangi Range (also known as the Haurangi Range) is a mountain range on the North Island of New Zealand.	Aorangi Range	New Zealand
country	The Batu Islands are an archipelago of Indonesia located in the Indian Ocean off the west coast of Sumatra, between Nias and Siberut.	Batu Islands	Indonesia
country	Zagreb Philharmonic Orchestra (Croatian: Zagrebačka filharmonija, ZGF) is an orchestra based in Zagreb, Croatia.	Zagreb Philharmonic Orchestra	Croatia
country	Turku City Office is located in Turku, Finland and is supervised by the Mayor.	Turku City Office	Finland
country	Nabalia is an ancient river in the Netherlands that has been mentioned once by the Roman historian Tacitus, in his Histories (5:26).	Nabalia	Netherlands
country	Växjö ((ˈvɛkːˈɧøː)) is a city and the seat of Växjö Municipality, Kronoberg County, Sweden.	Växjö	Sweden
country	Le Grand Véfour, the first grand restaurant in Paris, France, was opened in the arcades of the Palais-Royal in 1784 by Antoine Aubertot, as the Café de Chartres, and was purchased in 1820 by Jean Véfour, who was able to retire within three years, selling the restaurant to Jean Boissier.	Le Grand Véfour	France
country	Sękocin Las (sɛŋˈkɔt͡ɕin ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sękocin Las	Poland
country	VIRVE is controlled and upheld by Suomen Erillisverkot Oy (State Security Networks Ltd.), which is owned by the State of Finland in whole.	VIRVE	Finland
country	The Musée Bolo is an exhibition at the School of Computer And Communication Sciences at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) in Lausanne, Romandy, Switzerland.	Musée Bolo	Switzerland
country	The Ile du Golfe is a limestone island located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Ile du Golfe	Australia
country	Lazharia is a town, commune and daïra in Tissemsilt Province in northern Algeria.	Lazharia	Algeria
country	The German-speaking electoral college is one of three constituencies of the European Parliament in Belgium.	German-speaking electoral college	Belgium
country	The Sutjeska National Park (Bosnian, Serbian and Montenegrin: Nacionalni park Sutjeska, Национални парк Сутјеска; pronounced (sûtjɛska)) is a national park located in Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Republika Srpska entity.	Sutjeska National Park	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tollensesee is a zungenbecken lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Tollensesee	Germany
country	The Sydney Royal Easter Show, also known as the Royal Easter Show or simply The Show or (to exhibitors) The Royal, is an annual show held in Sydney, Australia over two weeks around Easter.	Sydney Royal Easter Show	Australia
country	FC Nelson is a New Zealand soccer club, based in the South Island city of Nelson, New Zealand.	FC Nelson	New Zealand
country	Velyka Novosilka (Ukrainian: Велика Новосілка) is an urban-type settlement in Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Velyka Novosilka	Ukraine
country	Sint-Laureins (Dutch pronunciation: (sɪnt lʌu̯ˈrɛi̯ns); Dutch for Saint Lawrence) is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders, in Belgium.	Sint-Laureins	Belgium
country	Sugira, formerly known as Kunwarpur, is a village in India.	Sugira	India
country	Bayerisch Eisenstein/Železná Ruda-Alžbětín station (German: Bahnhof Bayerisch Eisenstein, Czech: Nádraží Železná Ruda-Alžbětín) is a railway station on the border of southeast Germany and the Czech Republic.	Bayerisch Eisenstein/Železná Ruda-Alžbětín station	Germany
country	Boderište (Serbian: Бодериште) is a village in the municipality of Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Boderište	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Rakitovo (Bulgarian: Ракитово) is a town in the Pazardzhik Province, Bulgaria.	Rakitovo	Bulgaria
country	Narromine Airport (ICAO: YNRM) is a small airport in Narromine, New South Wales, Australia.	Narromine Airport	Australia
country	Kamtuleh-ye Shahriari (Persian: كمتوله شهرياري‎, also Romanized as Kamtūleh-ye Shahrīārī; also known as Boneh-ye Kāmtūleh, Kamtooleh, and Kamtūleh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kamtuleh-ye Shahriari	Iran
country	Caloocan City Science High School (CCSHS or CalSci), is a public secondary science school in Caloocan City, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Caloocan City Science High School	Philippines
country	Roberts International Airport (IATA: ROB, ICAO: GLRB), informally also known as Robertsfield, is an international airport in the West African nation of Liberia.	Roberts International Airport	Liberia
country	Kuźnica Podleśna (kuʑˈɲit͡sa pɔdˈlɛɕna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kuźnica Podleśna	Poland
country	Entally was one of the thirty-eight villages bought by the British East India Company in 1717 and reconstituted as Pancahannagram (fifty-five villages or mouzas).	Entally	India
country	Kukovo (pronounced (ˈkuːkɔʋɔ); in older sources also Kuka Vas, German: Kukendorf, Gottscheerish: Kukndoarf) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in southern Slovenia.	Kukovo	Slovenia
country	The Simony Hut (German: Simonyhütte) is an Alpine club hut belonging to the Austrian Alpine Club (OeAV) located at a height of 2,205 metres, just below the Hallstätter Glacier at the foot of the Hoher Dachstein in Austria.	Simony Hut	Austria
country	Villoresi Park is a large park in Monza, northern Italy.	Villoresi Park	Italy
country	The Cangrejal River or Río Cangrejal is a river that drains several mountain tributaries and borders the rainforest of Pico Bonito National Park near La Ceiba, Honduras.	Cangrejal River	Honduras
country	Kolonia Jaryszów ((kɔˈlɔɲa jaˈrɨʂuf); German: Kolonie Jarischau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kolonia Jaryszów	Poland
country	Arusheh-ye Pain (Persian: اروشه پائين‎, also Romanized as Ārūsheh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Arusheh-ye Pain	Iran
country	Coëx is a commune of the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.	Coëx	France
country	Kotuszewo (kɔtuˈʂɛvɔ) (German Kutusow, 1938-1945 Priemfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kotuszewo	Poland
country	The Red Room Company is a non-profit organisation based in Sydney, Australia that creates, publishes and promotes poetry in unusual ways.	The Red Room Company	Australia
country	Trewarthenick (Cornish: Trewedhenek) is a hamlet in the civil parish of Tregoney in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trewarthenick	United Kingdom
country	Östhammar Municipality (Östhammars kommun) is a municipality in Uppsala County in east central Sweden.	Östhammar Municipality	Sweden
country	Itsandra was one of the two major sultanates on the island of Grand Comore before the French colonization of the Comoros.	Itsandra	Comoros
country	Xaltan (also, Khaltan) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xaltan	Azerbaijan
country	Zgornja Bačkova (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈbaːtʃkɔʋa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in the Slovene Hills in northeastern Slovenia.	Zgornja Bačkova	Slovenia
country	Real Monasterio de San Victorián is a monastery at the feet of Peña Montañesa, Sobrarbe, Aragon, Spain.	Real Monasterio de San Victorián	Spain
country	The Strongman Mine was an underground coal mine north of Greymouth on the West Coast of New Zealand from 1938 to 2003.	Strongman Mine	New Zealand
country	Acktjära is a small area located to the immediate south of Bollnäs, in Sweden.	Acktjära	Sweden
country	San Estanislao de Kostka (usually referred to as San Estanislao or, more commonly, Santaní) is a city and district in the department of San Pedro, Paraguay.	San Estanislao	Paraguay
country	Nowa Wieś Malborska (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ malˈbɔrska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Wieś Malborska	Poland
country	Saloğlu (also, Saloghly and Salogly) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Saloğlu	Azerbaijan
country	Torre XX Settembre, in Turin, is one of the earliest examples of Modernist skyscraper in Italy.	Torre XX Settembre	Italy
country	Vlasina Lake (Serbian: Власинско језеро, Vlasinsko jezero) is a semi-artificial lake in Southeast Serbia.	Vlasina Lake	Serbia
country	The National Grammar Schools Association is an organisation in the United Kingdom which campaigns for the promotion of selective education.	National Grammar Schools Association	United Kingdom
country	The Birchs Inlet, also spelt Birch's Inlet or Birches Inlet, is a narrow cove or coastal inlet on the south-western side of Macquarie Harbour on the west coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Birchs Inlet	Australia
country	Ayala Bridge is a steel truss bridge over the Pasig River in Manila, Philippines.	Ayala Bridge	Philippines
country	The Belgrave railway line is a 5 ft 3 in (1,600 mm) broad gauge electric suburban railway in Melbourne, Australia.	Belgrave railway line	Australia
country	Nahr-e Salim (Persian: نهرسليم‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Salīm; also known as Salīm) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Salim	Iran
country	Jilikul is the capital of the Jilikul District of the Khatlon Province, Tajikistan.	Jilikul	Tajikistan
country	Langscheid is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.	Langscheid	Germany
country	The Purakaunui Falls are a cascading three-tiered waterfall on the Purakaunui River, in The Catlins of the southern South Island of New Zealand.	Purakaunui Falls	New Zealand
country	Podsokołda (pɔtsɔˈkɔu̯da) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podsokołda	Poland
country	The University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital (UPTH) is on East West Road, Port Harcourt, Nigeria.	University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital	Nigeria
country	Atenas (ah-TEN-nahss) is the capital city of the canton of Atenas in the province of Alajuela in Costa Rica.	Atenas	Costa Rica
country	Yeonguijeong (Korean pronunciation: (jʌŋ ɰi tɕʌŋ)) was a title created in 1400, during the Joseon Dynasty of Korea (1392-1910) and given to the Chief State Councillor as the highest government position of ``Uijeongbu'' (State Council).	Yeonguijeong	Joseon
country	Amirabad-e Shul (Persian: اميرابادشول‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Shūl; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Malekabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Shul	Iran
country	Lərmərud (also, Lərmərüd, Lermarud, and Lyarmaru) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Lərmərud	Azerbaijan
country	Sumatra (Indonesian: Sumatera) is an island in western Indonesia and part of the Sunda Islands.	Sumatra	Indonesia
country	Vidyayevo (Russian: Видя́ево) is a closed rural inhabited locality in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Vidyayevo	Russia
country	Pueyo is a town located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Pueyo	Spain
country	Chaguaní (Spanish pronunciation: (tʃaɣwaˈni)) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.	Chaguaní	Colombia
country	Pahiatua is a rural service town in the south-eastern North Island of New Zealand with an urban and rural population of over 4,000.	Pahiatua	New Zealand
country	The Chusovaya River (Russian: Чусова́я) is a river flowing in Perm Krai, Sverdlovsk Oblast and Chelyabinsk Oblast of Russia.	Chusovaya River	Russia
country	Lake Manitoba is Canada's thirteenth largest lake (4,624 km2) and the world's 33rd largest freshwater lake.	Lake Manitoba	Canada
country	Mexican Federal Highway 125 (Carretera Federal No. 125) is a Federal Highway of Mexico that runs from the state of Veracruz south across the Sierra Madre Oriental to just north of the Pacific Ocean in the state of Oaxaca.	Mexican Federal Highway 125	Mexico
country	The National Theatre of Ireland, the Abbey Theatre is located on Abbey Street as is the Peacock theatre.	Abbey Street	Ireland
country	Zaklanec (pronounced (zaˈklaːnəts)) is a village east of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zaklanec	Slovenia
country	Valea lui Mihai (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈvale̯a luj miˈhaj); Hungarian: Érmihályfalva) is a town in Romania.	Valea lui Mihai	Romania
country	Dusetos ( pronunciation ) is a city in Zarasai district municipality, northeastern Lithuania, 30 km (19 mi) west of Zarasai, near Lake Sartai.	Dusetos	Lithuania
country	Sede (also known as Sede Giyorgis) is a town in west-central Ethiopia.	Sede	Ethiopia
country	Nazir Hat (Bengali: নাজিরহাট) is a small town in south eastern Bangladesh.	Nazir Hat	Bangladesh
country	Dasht-e Lar (Persian: دشت لار‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Lār) is a village in Hangam Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Lar	Iran
country	Tudar-e Shah Karami (Persian: تودارشاه كرمي‎‎, also Romanized as Tūdār-e Shāh Karamī; also known as Tūdar-e Shākerī) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tudar-e Shah Karami	Iran
country	Basket-Hall Kazan (Russian: Баскет-холл Казань; Tatar: Basqet-holl) is a basketball specialized indoor arena that is located in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia.	Basket-Hall Kazan	Russia
country	Porta Tiburtina or Porta San Lorenzo is a gate in the Aurelian Walls of Rome, Italy, through which the Via Tiburtina exits the city.	Porta Tiburtina	Italy
country	Kihihi, also spelt Kihiihi, is a town in Southwestern Uganda.	Kihihi	Uganda
country	Ələsgər (also, Alesker) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ələsgər	Azerbaijan
country	Chudniv (Ukrainian: Чуднів, Yiddish: טשודנאוו‎) is a city in Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Chudniv	Ukraine
country	Hajdine (Serbian Cyrillic: Хајдине) is a village in Croatia.	Hajdine	Croatia
country	Târnăveni (Romanian pronunciation: (tɨrnəˈvenʲ); Hungarian: Dicsőszentmárton, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈdit͡ʃøːsɛntmaːrton); German: Sankt Martin, earlier Marteskirch) is a city in Mureş County, central Romania.	Târnăveni	Romania
country	Dubai Towers Dubai was a four tower complex to be built in the city of Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Towers Dubai	United Arab Emirates
country	Sandtorg Church (Norwegian: Sandtorg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.	Sandtorg Church	Norway
country	Parklands College and Christopher Robin Pre-Primary are private schools situated in Parklands, Cape Town, South Africa.	Parklands College	South Africa
country	The Palazzo Magnani Feroni is a building in Florence, central Italy, one of the oldest buildings in the San Frediano neighbourhood of the city.	Palazzo Magnani Feroni	Italy
country	The Academia Británica Cuscatleca (ABC) is a mixed bi-lingual bi-cultural school from Pre-Kinder to Grade 12 situated in Santa Tecla, El Salvador.	Academia Británica Cuscatleca	El Salvador
country	Balowlan (Persian: بالولان‎, also Romanized as Bālowlān) is a village in Targavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Balowlan	Iran
country	Andamukkam (Malayalam: ആണ്ടാമുക്കം) or Aandamukkam is a neighbourhood of Kollam city in Kerala, India.	Andamukkam	India
country	Info Institute of Engineering (IIE) is a private engineering educational Institute, located in Kovilpalayam, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	Info Institute of Engineering	India
country	The British Columbia Interior's society and culture is affected by the populations of First Nations Canadians and French-Canadians people and residents living close to the US - Canada border.	British Columbia Interior	Canada
country	Kiruna FF is Sweden's northernmost football club.	Kiruna FF	Sweden
country	Ogorevc (pronounced (ɔɡɔˈɾeːu̯ts)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Štore in eastern Slovenia.	Ogorevc	Slovenia
country	Sierra de Cazorla is a mountain range of the Prebaetic System in the Jaén Province in Spain.	Sierra de Cazorla	Spain
country	Richmond Villa is a heritage-listed home in Sydney, Australia.	Richmond Villa	Australia
country	Sodražica (pronounced (ˈsoːdɾaʒitsa); German: Soderschitz) is a town in southern Slovenia.	Sodražica	Slovenia
country	Novi Žednik (Serbian Cyrillic: Нови Жедник) is a village located in the Subotica municipality, in the North Bačka District of Serbia.	Novi Žednik	Serbia
country	Magerit is the name of the one of the most powerful supercomputers in Spain.	Magerit	Spain
country	Euronext Lisbon is a stock exchange in Lisbon, Portugal.	Euronext Lisbon	Portugal
country	The Usk Ferry is a cable ferry across the Skeena River in British Columbia, Canada.	Usk Ferry	Canada
country	Jennersdorf (Hungarian: Gyanafalva, Gyana-Falva, Slovene: Ženavci) is a town in Burgenland, Austria, and capital of the district of Jennersdorf.	Jennersdorf	Austria
country	Tutuala is a village and suco in the subdistrict of Tutuala (Lautém District, East Timor).	Tutuala	East Timor
country	The Wrekin Giants, later the Shropshire Giants, and, subsequently, the Cannock Chase Giants were an American football team based in Telford, Shropshire, in England, in the United Kingdom.	Wrekin Giants	United Kingdom
country	Erechim was one of the first planned modern cities in Brazil.	Erechim	Brazil
country	Okrajszów (ɔˈkrai̯ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomsko, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Okrajszów	Poland
country	Lesjaskog village in Lesja municipality in Oppland, Norway lies by the lake Lesjaskogsvatnet.	Lesjaskog	Norway
country	The Żejtun Roman villa is an archaeological complex in the city of Żejtun, in south-eastern Malta.	Żejtun Roman villa	Malta
country	Lerdo Landing, now a ghost town, in Baja California was originally located in Sonora, Mexico from 1872 to 1896.	Lerdo Landing	Mexico
country	Uttarkashi (Hindi: उत्तरकाशी ), meaning Kashi of the north, is a town in Uttarakhand, India.	Uttarkashi	India
country	Naujoji Akmenė ( pronunciation ) is a new town that was established in 1952 and is therefore one of the newest cities in Lithuania.	Naujoji Akmenė	Lithuania
country	Shrule (Irish: Sruthair, also anglicised to Shruel, usage deprecated) is a village on the N84 road in County Mayo in Ireland.	Shrule	Ireland
country	Batokunku (also spelled Batukunku) is a village located in Kombo South, one of the nine districts of The Gambia's Western Division.	Batokunku	Gambia
country	Gamvik Church (Norwegian: Gamvik kirke) is a parish church in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Gamvik Church	Norway
country	Holy Cross School, Agartala, is a co-educational day school located in Durjoynagar, Agartala, Tripura, India.	Holy Cross School, Agartala	India
country	The National Regeneration Movement (Spanish: Movimiento Regeneración Nacional, MORENA) is a left-wing political party in Mexico.	National Regeneration Movement	Mexico
country	Heydarik (Persian: حيدريك‎, also Romanized as Heydarīḵ) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Heydarik	Iran
country	Garasangi is a small hamlet in the district of Bijapur of Karnataka state of India.	Garasangi	India
country	Trawica (traˈvit͡sa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Trawica	Poland
country	Mladotice (German: Mlatz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Plzeň-North District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Mladotice	Czech Republic
country	Muharraq Island (Arabic: جزيرة المحرق‎), formerly known as Moharek, is the third largest island in the archipelago of Bahrain after Bahrain Island and Hawar Island.	Muharraq Island	Bahrain
country	Resch's is a brand of beer produced by Carlton and United Breweries, available in New South Wales, Australia.	Resch's	Australia
country	Kuban State Medical University is one of the oldest medical schools in Russia.	Kuban State Medical University	Russia
country	North Luangwa National Park is a national park in Zambia, the northernmost of the three in the valley of the Luangwa River.	North Luangwa National Park	Zambia
country	Vecumi parish (Latvian: Vecumu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District, Latvia.	Vecumi parish	Latvia
country	Al Majma'ah (Arabic: المجمعة‎) is a city and a governorate in Ar Riyad Province, Saudi Arabia.	Al Majma'ah	Saudi Arabia
country	Malczkówko (malt͡ʂˈkufkɔ) (German Neu Malzkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Malczkówko	Poland
country	Carlow Castle is located near to the River Barrow in County Carlow, Ireland.	Carlow Castle	Ireland
country	Mereg (Persian: مرگ‎; also known as Mark, Merek, Merk, and Mirg) is a village in Sarkal Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mereg	Iran
country	The Kouga Dam (formerly: Paul Sauer Dam prior to 1995) is an arch dam on the Kouga River about 21 km (13 mi) west of Patensie in Kouga Local Municipality, South Africa.	Kouga Dam	South Africa
country	Mzuzu University is one of the principal universities of Malawi.	Mzuzu University	Malawi
country	Suzanne Cory High School (abbreviated as SCHS) is a Years 9 to 12 selective entry co-educational state school in the western region of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Suzanne Cory High School	Australia
country	The Steinhuder Meer Nature Park (German: Naturpark Steinhuder Meer), with northwest Germany's largest inland lake, the Steinhuder Meer, at its heart, covers an area of 310 square kilometres (120 sq mi) within the districts of Nienburg and Schaumburg and the region of Hanover.	Steinhuder Meer Nature Park	Germany
country	Qardho (Somali: Qardho, Arabic: قرضو‎), also known as Gardo, is a city in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia.	Qardho	Somalia
country	Čepić or Cepich is a village in Istria, Croatia with a population of 57 as of 2011.	Čepić	Croatia
country	Nanjai Puliampatti is a panchayat village in Gobichettipalayam taluk in Erode District of Tamil Nadu state, India.	Nanjai Puliampatti	India
country	Studstrup is the northernmost suburb of Aarhus, Denmark with a population of 853 (1 January 2014).	Studstrup	Denmark
country	Tepi (also transliterated Tippi) is a town in southern Ethiopia.	Tepi	Ethiopia
country	Souraïde (Basque Zuraide) is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Souraïde	France
country	Nishtar Chowk Flyover is located in Multan, city of Pakistan.	Nishtar Chowk Flyover	Pakistan
country	Gosthani River is an east flowing river in Andhra Pradesh, India that flows from the Ananthagiri Hills of the Eastern Ghats into the Bay of Bengal.	Gosthani River	India
country	Masazirgol (Azerbaijani: Masazır gölü), or Masazir Lake is a salty lake of in Qaradag raion, near Baku, Azerbaijan.	Masazirgol	Azerbaijan
country	Copenhagen International Film Festival is a film festival held in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Copenhagen International Film Festival	Denmark
country	The Yotvata Hai-Bar Nature Reserve is a 3,000-acre (12 km2) breeding and reacclimation center administered by the Israel Nature Reserves & National Parks Authority, situated in the Southern Arabah near Yotvata.	Yotvata Hai-Bar Nature Reserve	Israel
country	Nagaworld FC, previously known as Nagacorp FC before January 2015, is a football (soccer) club in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.	Nagaworld FC	Cambodia
country	Dumka, headquarters of the Dumka district, is a city and municipality in the state of Jharkhand, India.	Dumka	India
country	Lake Niegocin (German: Mauersee) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of Poland's Warmia-Mazury Province.	Lake Niegocin	Poland
country	Barpak is a village situated in the northern part of the Gorkha district of Nepal, in the Warpak village development committee.	Barpak	Nepal
country	Echt-Susteren (Dutch pronunciation ; Limburgish: Ech-Zöstere) is a municipality in the southeastern Netherlands.	Echt-Susteren	Netherlands
country	The Northland Pyrite Mine, also known as James Lake Mine, Rib Lake Mine, Harris Mine or simply Northland Mine, is an abandoned underground mine in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, located on the southwestern shore of James Lake in Best Township of Temagami.	Northland Pyrite Mine	Canada
country	Nofit (Hebrew: נוֹפִית, lit. Scenic) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Nofit	Israel
country	Domsten is a locality situated in Helsingborg Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 617 inhabitants in 2010.	Domsten	Sweden
country	The Ballons des Vosges Nature Park (French: Parc naturel régional des Ballons des Vosges) is a protected area of woodland, pasture, wetland, farmland and historical sites in the regions of Alsace, Franche-Comté and Lorraine in northeastern France.	Ballons des Vosges Nature Park	France
country	The Gurindji strike was not the first or the only demand by Aborigines for the return of their lands -- but it was the first one to attract wide public support within Australia for Land Rights.	Gurindji strike	Australia
country	Mortadella is a product of Bologna, Italy.	Mortadella	Italy
country	Biasca is a town of the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Biasca	Switzerland
country	Pukkelpop is an annual music festival that takes place near the city of Hasselt, Belgium in mid-to-late August.	Pukkelpop	Belgium
country	Courtland Park is a sub-neighbourhood of Carleton Heights in River Ward in the west end of Ottawa, Canada.	Courtland Park	Canada
country	The Galatsi Olympic Hall is a mult-use indoor arena that is located in Galatsi, Athens, Greece.	Galatsi Olympic Hall	Greece
country	Besalampy Airport is an airport in Besalampy, Madagascar (IATA: BPY, ICAO: FMNQ).	Besalampy Airport	Madagascar
country	Trobni Dol (pronounced (ˈtɾoːbni ˈdoːl)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Trobni Dol	Slovenia
country	The Doncaster railway line is a long-planned suburban railway in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, that will be built before December 2027, as a branch, along with the Hurstbridge line, of the planned future Clifton Hill Loop Line, as part of the PTV Network Development Plan.	Doncaster railway line	Australia
country	Vistula Spit Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Mierzeja Wiślana) is a protected area (Landscape Park) on the Vistula Spit in northern Poland.	Vistula Spit Landscape Park	Poland
country	Emamzadeh Mir Salar Fartaq (Persian: امامزاده ميرسالارفارتق‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Mīr Sālār Fārtaq; also known as Emāmzādeh Mīr Sālār) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Mir Salar Fartaq	Iran
country	Galvin railway station is a closed railway station which was located on the Werribee line of the Melbourne suburban rail system in Australia.	Galvin railway station	Australia
country	The Barcelona Museum of Contemporary Art (Catalan: Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona, IPA: (muˈzɛw ˈðart kuntəmpuˈɾani ðə βərsəˈɫonə); abbreviated as MACBA) is situated in the Plaça dels Àngels, in El Raval, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, Spain.	Barcelona Museum of Contemporary Art	Spain
country	Masha-ye Shahid Mashfiq (Persian: مشاع شهيدمشفق‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Shahīd Mashfiq) is a village in Eresk Rural District, Eresk District, Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Masha-ye Shahid Mashfiq	Iran
country	Podkoren (pronounced (pɔˈtkoːɾɛn), German: Wurzen) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the northwestern Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podkoren	Slovenia
country	Snina is a town in Slovakia located at the confluence of the Cirocha river and the small river Pčolinka in the valley between the Beskydy foothills and the mountain of Vihorlat.	Snina	Slovakia
country	Manzanal de los Infantes (Spanish pronunciation: (manθaˈnal de los imˈfantes)) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Manzanal de los Infantes	Spain
country	Solbergelva is a village in Nedre Eiker in the county of Buskerud, Norway.	Solbergelva	Norway
country	Al-Mukharram (Arabic: المخرم‎), also known as Mukharram al-Fawqani (Arabic: المخرم الفوقاني‎; also sspelled Makhem Fuqani or Mkhurem Fouqani) is a small city in central Syria, capital of the al-Mukharram District, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located 42 kilometers northeast of Homs.	Al-Mukharram	Syria
country	Port Antonio is the capital of the parish of Portland on the northeastern coast of Jamaica, about 60 miles (100 km) from Kingston.	Port Antonio	Jamaica
country	The Shoaiba power and desalination plant is an oil-fired CCGT power and desalination complex in Saudi Arabia on the coast of Red Sea, about 120 kilometres (75 mi) south of Jeddah.	Shoaiba power and desalination plant	Saudi Arabia
country	Starogoszcz (staˈrɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Starogoszcz	Poland
country	Žipov (Hungarian: Sárosizsép) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Žipov	Slovakia
country	Bajestan (Persian: بجستان‎, also Romanized as Bajestān and Bejestān; also known as Bījestān and Bījistān) is a city in and the capital of Bajestan County, in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bajestan	Iran
country	Łomianki (wɔˈmʲaŋkʲi) is a town in Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, with 16,374 inhabitants (2008).	Łomianki	Poland
country	Hotel Europejski is a historic hotel in the city centre of Warsaw, Poland.	Hotel Europejski	Poland
country	Rangiora is the largest town and seat of the Waimakariri District, in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island.	Rangiora	New Zealand
country	Kyzylunkyur (Kyzul-Ünkür (google earth has Kyzylungungir)) is a village in Jalal-Abad Region, Kyrgyzstan.	Kyzylunkyur	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Kola Nuclear Power Plant (Russian: Кольская АЭС ( pronunciation )), also known as Kolsk NPP or Kolskaya NPP, is a nuclear power plant located 12 km away from Polyarnye Zori, Murmansk Oblast in north-western Russia.	Kola Nuclear Power Plant	Russia
country	Burebasaga is the largest of the three confederacies that make up Fiji's House of Chiefs, to which all Fijian chiefs belong.	Burebasaga	Fiji
country	Furmany (furˈmanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Furmany	Poland
country	Borj-e Qardash (Persian: برج قارداش‎, also Romanized as Borj-e Qārdāsh; also known as Borj) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Borj-e Qardash	Iran
country	Pyhä-Luosto National Park (Pyhä-Luoston kansallispuisto) is a national park in Lapland, Finland.	Pyhä-Luosto National Park	Finland
country	Entracque is a small town in the Valle Gesso of the Maritime Alps of north-west Italy, about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Cuneo and close to the French border.	Entracque	Italy
country	ShortCutz Amsterdam (ShortCutz AMS) is an annual film festival promoting short films in Amsterdam, Netherlands held the whole year through.	ShortCutz Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	Nowy Adamów (ˈnɔvɨ aˈdamuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowy Adamów	Poland
country	Lake Ruataniwha is located in the Mackenzie Basin in New Zealand's South Island.	Lake Ruataniwha	New Zealand
country	Surrey First is a civic political organization in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada.	Surrey First	Canada
country	Ptuj Castle (Slovene: Ptujski grad) is a castle in Ptuj, Slovenia.	Ptuj Castle	Slovenia
country	Vigyan Bhavan is a premier convention centre of Government of India in New Delhi.	Vigyan Bhavan	India
country	`Assa Gaila is a town in the northern Tadjoura region of Djibouti.	`Assa Gaila	Djibouti
country	The University B.D.T. College of Engineering (UBDTCE) is an Engineering college located in Davangere, India.	University B.D.T. College of Engineering	India
country	Pinehurst School is a private education institute located in Auckland, New Zealand with a roll of approximately 650 students.	Pinehurst School	New Zealand
country	Sibu Airport (IATA: SBW, ICAO: WBGS) is an airport located 23 km (14 mi) east south east of Sibu, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.	Sibu Airport	Malaysia
country	Greater Vancouver, also known as Metro Vancouver, is the metropolitan area with its major urban centre being the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Greater Vancouver	Canada
country	Lori Berd (Armenian: Լոռի բերդ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia located just east of Stepanavan.	Lori Berd	Armenia
country	Baba Mahmud-e Vosta (Persian: بابامحمودوسطي‎, also Romanized as Bābā Maḩmūd-e Vosţá) is a village in Dehpir Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Baba Mahmud-e Vosta	Iran
country	Gateway Casinos & Entertainment Limited is one of the largest casino and entertainment companies in Western Canada and has grown from just 2 facilities with 150 employees to 12 facilities with over 3,000 employees.	Gateway Casinos	Canada
country	Münchenstein Castle (German: Ruine Münchenstein) is a landmark above the village centre of Münchenstein, in the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland.	Münchenstein Castle	Switzerland
country	Teamtheater is a theatre in Munich, Bavaria, Germany former known as Theater am Einlaß.	Teamtheater	Germany
country	Romiri (Greek: Ρομίρι) is a hillside settlement on Zakynthos island, Greece.	Romiri	Greece
country	Priddis Greens is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Foothills No. 31.	Priddis Greens	Canada
country	Minavand (Persian: ميناوند‎, also Romanized as Mīnāvand) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Minavand	Iran
country	Lake Viitina is a lake of Estonia, in Võru County.	Lake Viitina	Estonia
country	The Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products (FAMHP) of Belgium is responsible for the approval and registration of new medication in Belgium and for pharmacovigilance.	Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products	Belgium
country	Gelsa is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, comarca (county) of Ribera Baja del Ebro, Aragon, Spain.	Gelsa	Spain
country	Hanahoe (``Group of One'') was an unofficial private group of military officers in South Korea headed by Chun Doo-hwan, who later became the South Korean president.	Hanahoe	South Korea
country	Kolnik (ˈkɔlnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kolnik	Poland
country	Cham Chareh Du (Persian: چم چره دو‎, also Romanized as Cham Chareh Dū, meaning ``Cham Chareh 2'') is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Chareh Du	Iran
country	Riverview Rural High School is a secondary school located in Coxheath, Nova Scotia, Canada, a suburb of Sydney, Nova Scotia.	Riverview Rural High School	Canada
country	Volcán Chingo is a stratovolcano in southeastern Guatemala, on the border with El Salvador.	Chingo	Guatemala	El Salvador
country	Pirak is an archaeological site belonging to the Indus Valley Civilization located in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Pirak	Pakistan
country	Nisko (ˈɲiskɔ) is a town in Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland on the San River, with a population of 15,534 inhabitants as of 2 June 2009.	Nisko	Poland
country	Stirling House is located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay, Western Australia.	Stirling House	Australia
country	Spånga Church (Swedish: Spånga kyrka) is a church in the Spånga-Tensta borough in Stockholm, Sweden.	Spånga Church	Sweden
country	Ratibořice Château is a château located 2.5 km north of Česká Skalice and about 10 km west of Náchod, in the Hradec Králové region, Czech Republic.	Ratibořice	Czech Republic
country	The Leipzig Museum of Ethnography (German: Museum für Völkerkunde zu Leipzig) is a large ethnographic museum in Leipzig, Germany.	Leipzig Museum of Ethnography	Germany
country	Rara National Park is a protected area in the Himalayas of Nepal and was established in 1976.	Rara National Park	Nepal
country	Kopljare (Serbian: Копљаре) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac, Serbia.	Kopljare	Serbia
country	Maribor Castle is a Baroque mansion in the town of Maribor, northeastern Slovenia.	Maribor Castle	Slovenia
country	The Lane Cove National Park is a protected national park that is located within metropolitan Sydney, in New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Lane Cove National Park	Australia
country	Nossa Senhora do Pópulo (full name: Caldas da Rainha -- Nossa Senhora do Pópulo) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Caldas da Rainha, Portugal.	Nossa Senhora do Pópulo	Portugal
country	Terezino Polje is a village in Croatia, on the border with Hungary.	Terezino Polje	Croatia
country	Casalbordino is a comune (municipality) and town in the province of Chieti, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Casalbordino	Italy
country	Nichar (Bhaba Nagar) is a town located in the Kinnaur district of Himachal Pradesh state, India, at an altitude of 2500 meter.	Nichar	India
country	The Waldviertel (Forest Quarter) is the northwestern region of the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Waldviertel	Austria
country	Perpendicular Point is a small headland on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island, overlooking the Tasman Sea.	Perpendicular Point	New Zealand
country	Lab-e-Mehran is a famous garden in Sukkur, situated on Bandar Road, adjacent to the Indus River, in Sindh Province, Pakistan.	Lab-e-Mehran	Pakistan
country	Galaxidi or Galaxeidi (Greek: Γαλαξίδι/Γαλαξείδι), is a town and a former municipality in the southern part of Phocis, Greece.	Galaxidi	Greece
country	Zolitūde (Latvian pronunciation: (ˈzɔlituːde)) is mainly an apartment house neighbourhood (or microdistrict), of Riga, the capital of Latvia, located on the city's western edge.	Zolitūde	Latvia
country	Tulewo Górne (tuˈlɛvɔ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tulewo Górne	Poland
country	Stambolčić (Serbian: Стамболчић) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stambolčić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Campazas (Spanish pronunciation: (kamˈpaθas)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Campazas	Spain
country	Patriarch Diodoros The 1st School (PDS) (in Arabic : البطريرك ذيوذوروس الأول) is a Greek private school in Amman, Jordan.	Patriarch Diodoros The 1st School (PDS)	Jordan
country	Petersville Australia Limited was an Australian public company which specialized in dairy food product manufacture, distribution and marketing until its takeover by Adelaide Steamship Company in the 1980s.	Petersville	Australia
country	Saint-Pol-de-Léon (Breton: Kastell-Paol) is a commune in the Finistère department in Brittany in north-western France, located on the coast.	Saint-Pol-de-Léon	France
country	Italia Mura (イタリア村) (``Italy village'') was a mall located near the port of Nagoya, Japan.	Italia Mura	Japan
country	Dravlaus is a village in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Dravlaus	Norway
country	Shahr-e Posht (Persian: شهرپشت‎) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shahr-e Posht	Iran
country	Selerd (Persian: سلرد‎) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Selerd	Iran
country	Mount Ng'iro is a mountain in the north of Kenya overlooking the Suguta Valley, part of the Great Rift Valley, to the west.	Mount Ng'iro	Kenya
country	Porquerolles (French pronunciation: ​(pɔʁkəʁɔl)), also known as the Île de Porquerolles, is an island in the Îles d'Hyères, Var, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Porquerolles	France
country	San Miguel de Tucumán (usually called simply Tucumán) is the capital of the Tucumán Province, located in northern Argentina at 1,311 kilometres (815 mi) from Buenos Aires.	San Miguel de Tucumán	Argentina
country	The South Eastern Region (Maltese: Reġjun Xlokk) is one of five regions of Malta.	South Eastern Region	Malta
country	Hiệp Hưng is a village and commune in the Phụng Hiệp District of Hậu Giang, Vietnam.	Hiệp Hưng	Vietnam
country	Kfar Glikson (Hebrew: כְּפַר גְּלִיקְסוֹן, lit. Glickson Village) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Kfar Glikson	Israel
country	Bernard Terminal is a small bus station in York Region, Ontario, Canada, located at 11000 Yonge Street.	Bernard Terminal	Canada
country	Ranongga is an island located in the New Georgia Islands group of Western Province, Solomon Islands.	Ranongga	Solomon Islands
country	VEB Klingenthaler Harmonikawerke (KHW) was a state-owned company based in Klingenthal, Saxony, and was the main producer of accordions, harmonicas, and electronic instruments in East Germany.	VEB Klingenthaler Harmonikawerke	East Germany
country	Ritidian Point is the northernmost point of the island of Guam.	Ritidian Point	Guam
country	Şamkənd (also, Shamkend) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şamkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Faneromeni School (Greek: Παρθεναγωγείο Φανερωμένης, Turkish: Faneromeni Okulu), founded by Archbishop Makarios I in 1857, was the first all-girls school in Cyprus.	Faneromeni School	Cyprus
country	John Summers & Sons Ltd was a major United Kingdom iron and steel producer, latterly based at Shotton, Flintshire.	John Summers & Sons	United Kingdom
country	MÁVAG was the property of the Kingdom of Hungary.	MÁVAG	Hungary
country	The Mid North is a region of South Australia, north of the Adelaide Plains, but not as far north as the Far North, or the outback.	Mid North	Australia
country	Cairo International Airport (IATA: CAI, ICAO: HECA) (Arabic: مطار القاهرة الدولي‎; Maṭār al-Qāhirah al-Duwaliyy) is the international airport of Cairo and the busiest in Egypt and serves as the primary hub for EgyptAir and EgyptAir Express as well as several other airlines.	Cairo International Airport	Egypt
country	The Teatro Aguascalientes or Aguascalientes Opera House is a theater which functions as the main opera house of the city of Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes in Mexico.	Teatro Aguascalientes	Mexico
country	Langnau im Emmental is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Langnau im Emmental	Switzerland
country	The Tentulia River, called Ilsha for part of its length, is located in Bangladesh.	Tentulia River	Bangladesh
country	The Chinese Mental Health Association (CMHA) is a United Kingdom charity which provides information and support to members of the Chinese community affected by mental illness.	Chinese Mental Health Association	United Kingdom
country	The Uatumã River (sometimes spelled Uatamã) is a river flowing through the state of Amazonas in Brazil.	Uatumã River	Brazil
country	Hafgufa (Icelandic, haf ``sea'' + gufa ``steam'') is the name of a massive sea monster reported in the Örvar-Odds saga to have existed in the Greenland Sea which was said to disguise itself as an island or pair of rocks rising from the sea.	Hafgufa	Greenland
country	Qaleh Juq Rural District (Persian: دهستان قلعه جوق‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qaleh Juq Rural District	Iran
country	Ramadilla is a small town located off of route P-160 in the Region of Bio Bio, Chile.	Ramadilla	Chile
country	Moosonee Airport, (IATA: YMO, ICAO: CYMO), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) north-east of Moosonee, Ontario, Canada.	Moosonee Airport	Canada
country	The Forsmo Bridge (Forsmo Järnvägsbron in Swedish) is a railway bridge over the Aangermann River in Northern Sweden.	Forsmo Bridge	Sweden
country	The county is home to Pembrokeshire Coast National Park, the only coastal national park of its kind in the United Kingdom and one of three national parks in Wales, the others being Snowdonia and Brecon Beacons national parks.	Pembrokeshire	United Kingdom
country	Bam Khel (بام خیل) is a village and Union Council of Swabi District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Bam Khel	Pakistan
country	The Oslo Opera House (Norwegian: Operahuset) is the home of The Norwegian National Opera and Ballet, and the national opera theatre in Norway.	Oslo Opera House	Norway
country	Gunich (Persian: گونيچ‎, also Romanized as Gūnīch and Govānīch; also known as Gūnīj) is a village in Karvandar Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gunich	Iran
country	The Bundesstraße 31 (B 31) is a federal highway or Bundesstraße running from east to west in South Germany.	Bundesstraße 31	Germany
country	Larna is one of 54 parish councils in Cangas del Narcea, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Larna	Spain
country	Knight v Indian Head School Division No 19, (1990) 1 S.C.R. 653 is a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on procedural fairness in Canadian administrative law.	Knight v Indian Head School Division No 19	Canada
country	Abil (Arabic: آبل‎, also spelled Abel or Aabel) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located 10 kilometers south of Homs.	Abil	Syria
country	Batajnica railway station is the rail station in Batajnica, Zemun, Belgrade, Serbia.	Batajnica railway station	Serbia
country	Milne Bay is a large bay in Milne Bay Province, southeastern Papua New Guinea.	Milne Bay	Papua New Guinea
country	La Serra d'en Galceran (Valencian pronunciation: (la ˈsɛra ðeŋ ɡaɫseˈɾan), Spanish: Sierra Engarcerán) is a small municipality in the province of Castelló, Valencian Community, Spain.	La Serra d'en Galceran	Spain
country	San Lucas Island (Spanish: Isla San Lucas) is an island located off the Pacific shore of Costa Rica in the Gulf of Nicoya.	San Lucas Island	Costa Rica
country	Mangatoki is a locality in southern Taranaki, in New Zealand's North Island.	Mangatoki	New Zealand
country	Chiusi (Etruscan: Clevsin; Umbrian: Camars; Ancient Greek: Klysion, Κλύσιον; Latin: Clusium) is a town and comune in province of Siena, Tuscany, Italy.	Chiusi	Italy
country	Kiunga Marine National Reserve is situated along the Indian Ocean coast of Lamu District, Coast Province, Kenya.	Kiunga Marine National Reserve	Kenya
country	Natural History Museum, Lygourio, an important natural history museum in Greece.	Lygourio	Greece
country	Şələ is a village in the municipality of Mirimli in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şələ	Azerbaijan
country	Musée de Manega or Manega Museum is a museum located 55 km (34 mi) northwest of the city Ouagadougou, in the village of Manega, Burkina Faso.	Musée de Manega	Burkina Faso
country	Uusvada tsässon is a small Seto chapel in Estonia, dedicated to Saint Anastasia also known as Nahtsi tsässon.	Uusvada tsässon	Estonia
country	Amerić (Serbian: Амерић) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.	Amerić	Serbia
country	Nova Cerkev (pronounced (ˈnɔːʋa ˈtseːrkɛu̯)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Nova Cerkev	Slovenia
country	The Tauweru River, sometimes called the Taueru River, is a river in the Wairarapa region of New Zealand's North Island.	Tauweru River	New Zealand
country	The Vorontsov Lighthouse (Ukrainian: Воронцовський маяк, Russian: Воронцовский маяк) is a famous red-and-white, 27.2 metre landmark in the Black Sea port of Odessa, Ukraine.	Vorontsov Lighthouse	Ukraine
country	Terningmoen is a military camp (or base) in Elverum in Norway.	Terningmoen	Norway
country	Wólka Babska (ˈvulka ˈbapska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wólka Babska	Poland
country	Essex Engine Plant is a Ford factory located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Essex Engine Plant	Canada
country	The Day of Reconciliation is a public holiday in South Africa held annually on 16 December.	Day of Reconciliation	South Africa
country	New housing development took place in Canwick during the 1960s and the United Kingdom Census 2001 records 339 inhabitants and 150 households.	Canwick	United Kingdom
country	Frixa (Greek: Φρίξα, before 1916: Ανεμοχωράκιον - Anemochorakion) is a village in the municipal unit of Skillounta, Elis, Greece.	Frixa	Greece
country	Arakaninihi Island is a small island in the Northland Region of New Zealand.	Arakaninihi Island	New Zealand
country	Malansac (Breton: Malañseg) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Malansac	France
country	Wood Mountain Regional Park is a conservation area in its natural state set aside for recreation located in southern area of Saskatchewan, Canada on Highway 18.	Wood Mountain Regional Park	Canada
country	Sengkang MRT/LRT Station (NE16/STC) is an interchange station in Singapore that serves Sengkang New Town.	Sengkang MRT/LRT Station	Singapore
country	Yad Vashem (Hebrew: יָד וַשֵׁם) is Israel's official memorial to the victims of the Holocaust.	Yad Vashem	Israel
country	Shinas (شناص in Arabic), population 43,312 as of 2005, is a coastal town in northern Oman, near the border between Oman and United Arab Emirates.	Shinas	Oman
country	The Route nationale 16, or RN16, is a trunk road (nationale) in France crossing Picardy north of Paris.	Route nationale 16	France
country	The Erbil International Hotel is a luxurious hotel based in Arbil, the capital of the Kurdistan Region, northern Iraq.	Erbil International Hotel	Iraq
country	The Dollis Brook Viaduct, also known as the Dollis Road Viaduct, Dollis Viaduct or Mill Hill Viaduct, is a railway viaduct to the west of Finchley, North London, United Kingdom.	Dollis Brook Viaduct	United Kingdom
country	XEYZ-AM/XHYZ-FM is a Mexican AM/FM combo radio station owned by Radio Grupo Mexico that serves the state of Aguascalientes.	XHYZ-FM	Mexico
country	Gorenje Vrhpolje (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈʋəɾxpɔljɛ); German: Oberfeld) is a settlement southwest of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Vrhpolje	Slovenia
country	Lambton Quay (once known as ``Beach Street'') is the heart of the central business district of Wellington, the capital city of New Zealand.	Lambton Quay	New Zealand
country	The Zone 2 of Milan (in Italian: Zona 2 di Milano) is one of the 9 administrative zones of Milan, Italy.	Zone 2 of Milan	Italy
country	Račetice (German: Ratschitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Račetice	Czech Republic
country	Latitude: 71.2269 N, Longitude: 131.9619 E The basin of the Omoloy River is part of the Sakha (Yakutia) administrative region of Russia.	Omoloy River	Russia
country	Duault (Breton: Duaod) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Duault	France
country	Playford International College is a high school in Elizabeth a northern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, the result of amalgamating the original three secondary schools in Elizabeth.	Playford International College	Australia
country	Mišar is a town in the municipality of Šabac, Serbia.	Mišar	Serbia
country	Bruce South was a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 1882 and from 1903 to 1935.	Bruce South	Canada
country	Altstadt Salzburg is one of the districts of Salzburg, Salzburgerland, Austria.	Altstadt Salzburg	Austria
country	Zvārde parish (Latvian: Zvārdes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality, Latvia.	Zvārde parish	Latvia
country	The Palazzina Marfisa d’Este is a Renaissance-style small palace, once suburban, and sometimes referred to as a villa, located on Corso Giovecca #170, just east of Central Ferrara, region of Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Palazzina Marfisa d’Este	Italy
country	Mussiari is a village and union council of Murree Tehsil in the Rawalpindi District of Punjab, Pakistan.	Mussiari	Pakistan
country	The City of Benalla was a local government area about 188 kilometres (117 mi) northeast of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	City of Benalla	Australia
country	The Grand Capucin (3,838 m) is a rock pinnacle in the Mont Blanc Massif in Haute-Savoie, France.	Grand Capucin	France
country	The Moravica District (Serbian: Моравички округ / Moravički okrug) is a district of Serbia located in the central parts of Serbia.	Moravica District	Serbia
country	Richterich is a district and northwestern suburb of Aachen, Germany.	Richterich	Germany
country	The Újpest Synagogue is a Neolog Judaism synagogue in Újpest (New Pest), a district of Budapest, Hungary.	Újpest Synagogue	Hungary
country	Durham High School for Girls is a single-sex independent day school for girls aged 3 to 18 years old in Durham City, United Kingdom.	Durham High School for Girls	United Kingdom
country	Samayanallur is a small town located on National Highway 7, 12 kilometers from Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Samayanallur	India
country	Sheldon College is a private day school located in Sheldon in Redland City, Queensland, Australia.	Sheldon College	Australia
country	Rusangu University, formerly known as Zambia Adventist University, is a private coeducational Christian university based in Rusangu Mission near Monze in Zambia.	Rusangu University	Zambia
country	The Tutu House is a house on Vilakazi Street in Soweto, Johannesburg, South Africa that belongs to Desmond Tutu and his family.	Tutu House	South Africa
country	Chizumulu Island is the smaller of two inhabited islands in Lake Malawi/Lake Nyasa, the larger being the nearby Likoma island, which together make up the Likoma District.	Chizumulu Island	Malawi
country	Cape Baba (Turkish: Baba Burnu, Ancient Greek: Λεκτόν), is the westernmost point of the Anatolian part of Turkey, making it the westernmost point of whole Asia.	Cape Baba	Turkey
country	Oakwood Park Grammar School is a boys grammar school with academy status located in Maidstone, United Kingdom.	Oakwood Park Grammar School	United Kingdom
country	Gornje Sokolovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Горње Соколово) is a village in the municipality of Ribnik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornje Sokolovo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Osterland (terra orientalis) is a historical region in Germany.	Osterland	Germany
country	Albacete Airport (IATA: ABC, ICAO: LEAB) is an airport located at the Los Llanos Air Base, about 4 miles (6 kilometres) south of the city of Albacete, the capital of the province of Albacete in Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Albacete Airport	Spain
country	Izmaylovo District (Russian: райо́н Изма́йлово) is a district in Eastern Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia.	Izmaylovo District	Russia
country	The Milan amphitheatre was a Roman amphitheatre in the ancient city of Mediolanum, the modern Milan in northern Italy.	Milan amphitheatre	Italy
country	Founded by Alan Twigg in 1987, B.C. BookWorld is Canada's largest-circulation, independent publication about books.	B.C. BookWorld	Canada
country	Nowe Błogie (ˈnɔvɛ ˈbwɔɡʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowe Błogie	Poland
country	Orašje Površ (Serbian Cyrillic: Орашје Површ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Orašje Površ	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ruże (ˈruʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójno, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ruże	Poland
country	The Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque is the main Mosque in the Sultanate of Oman.	Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque	Oman
country	Ayvaini Cave is a show cave situated southeast of Lake Uluabat at the district border between Mustafakemalpaşa and Nilüfer in Bursa, Turkey.	Ayvaini Cave	Turkey
country	Sarepta (modern Sarafand, Lebanon) was a Phoenician city on the Mediterranean coast between Sidon and Tyre, also known biblically as 'Zarephath'.	Sarepta	Lebanon
country	Takur (Persian: تکور‎, also Romanized as Takūr; also known as Deh-e Takūr and Takor) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Takur	Iran
country	Assafarge is a former civil parish in the southern part of the municipality of Coimbra, Portugal.	Assafarge	Portugal
country	Arcos de Canasí is a small town in the east of the La Habana Province of Cuba.	Arcos de Canasí	Cuba
country	The Dikhil Region (Somali: Gobolka Dikhil, Afar: Dikhil Rakaakay) is a region in southern Djibouti.	Dikhil Region	Djibouti
country	Mudulow (Somali: Muduloow), full name Bur Mudulow (``Mudulow Hill''), is a town in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia.	Mudulow	Somalia
country	Dughla is a glacial lake, small hamlet and mountain pass in Solukhumbu District in the Himalayas of Nepal, to the south of Khumbu Glacier.	Dughla	Nepal
country	Słaboszewko (swabɔˈʂɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Słaboszewko	Poland
country	Tsageri (Georgian: ცაგერი) is a town in Georgia, located in Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti region in the west of the country and serving as an administrative center of the homonymous district.	Tsageri	Georgia
country	The Thriasian Plain (Greek: Θριάσιο Πεδίο, Thriasio Pedio) is a plain in western Attica, immediately to the west of Athens, in Greece.	Thriasian Plain	Greece
country	Saint-André-de-l'Eure Airport (ICAO: LFFD) is a regional airport in France, located about 10 miles southwest of Évreux (Haute-Normandie).	Saint-André-de-l'Eure Airport	France
country	Watercity is an aquatic park in the area of Anopolis, between Hersonissos and Heraklion on Crete, Greece.	Watercity	Greece
country	Creative City, launched by Fujairah Media as an alternative to Dubai Media City, aims to attract regional and international broadcast TV and radio providers to Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates, while also providing creative media-related services.	Creative City	United Arab Emirates
country	Wyncham Stream is a small river within the London Boroughs of Bexley and Bromley in southeast London, England, United Kingdom.	Wyncham Stream	United Kingdom
country	Sarshiv (Persian: سرشيو‎, also Romanized as Sarshīv) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sarshiv	Iran
country	Kampala Hilton Hotel is a hotel under construction in Kampala, the capital and largest city of Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	Kampala Hilton Hotel	Uganda
country	Bengkalis (Kota Bengkalis) was the seat (capital) of Bengkalis Regency in the Riau province of Indonesia until 8 July 2013, when it became an independent city.	Bengkalis	Indonesia
country	The Kabul Weekly was the most widely distributed newspaper in Afghanistan, both in the center and the provinces.	Kabul Weekly	Afghanistan
country	Laznica or Lazniţa (Serbian Cyrillic: Лазница) is a large highland village in Serbia.	Laznica	Serbia
country	Mizque (from Quechua: misk'i, meaning ``sweet'') is a town in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia.	Mizque	Bolivia
country	Agricultural Pumps Complex (Persian: مجتمع تلمبه هائ كشاورزئ پشت سيل بند‎ -- Mojtame` Tolombeh Hāy Keshāvarzy Pasht Seyl Band) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Agricultural Pumps Complex	Iran
country	The Charles Hotel is a grand hotel located at Sophienstrasse 28 in Maxvorstadt, Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	The Charles Hotel	Germany
country	Keungogae Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Sinam-dong, Dong District, Daegu, South Korea.	Keungogae Station	South Korea
country	Budihni (pronounced (buˈdiːxni)) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Vipava River southeast of Dornberk in the Municipality of Nova Gorica in western Slovenia.	Budihni	Slovenia
country	Fenoughil (Arabic: ﻓﻨﻮﻏﻴﻞ‎) is a commune, and the capital of Fenoughil District, Adrar Province, in south-central Algeria.	Fenoughil	Algeria
country	Mondello is a small borough of the city of Palermo in the autonomous region of Sicily in Southern Italy.	Mondello	Italy
country	Kuri Dolal (Urdu: كُرىدولال‎) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Punjab, Pakistan.	Kuri Dolal	Pakistan
country	Sugarmouse Island is an unpopulated islet located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Sugarmouse Island	Australia
country	Jagdalpur Airport (IATA: JGB) is located near Jagdalpur, in the state of Chhattisgarh, India.	Jagdalpur Airport	India
country	Maklár is a municipality (Hungarian: község) in Heves county, in the Egri Subregion in Hungary.	Maklár	Hungary
country	Klerksdorp is a city located in the North West Province, South Africa.	Klerksdorp	South Africa
country	Aşağı Apu (also, Ashagy Apu and Nizhneye Apu) is a village in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Apu	Azerbaijan
country	The Elzbach (also: Elz) is a small river in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, a left tributary of the Moselle.	Elzbach	Germany
country	Khademabad (Persian: خادم اباد‎, also Romanized as Khādemābād and Khādemabād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Khādemābād) is a village in Meyami Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khademabad	Iran
country	Khuvkhoitun (Russian: Хувхойтун) sometimes referred to as Gora Khuvkhoitun is a stratovolcano located on Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula.	Khuvkhoitun	Russia
country	Caravela is the northernmost island of the Bissagos Islands of Guinea-Bissau.	Caravela	Guinea-Bissau
country	Las Villuercas is a comarca located in the province of Cáceres, western Spain.	Las Villuercas	Spain
country	Bamiyan University (Persian: دانشگاه بامیان‎, established approximately 1994 or 1997) is in Bamiyan Province, central Afghanistan, part of the Hazara-populated region known as the Hazarajat.	Bamiyan University	Afghanistan
country	Stora Skedvi is a part of Säter Municipality located by the Dal River in Sweden.	Stora Skedvi	Sweden
country	Killarney Lakelands and Headwaters Provincial Park is a provincial park in central Ontario, Canada.	Killarney Lakelands and Headwaters Provincial Park	Canada
country	Oigon Lake (Mongolian: Ойгон нуур) is a lake in Zavkhan, in north-western Mongolia.	Oigon Lake	Mongolia
country	As a commune, Treguaco is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years.	Treguaco	Chile
country	Soldiers of the Polish First Army Park otherwise known as Praga Park is a park in Warsaw, Poland.	Praga Park	Poland
country	Tasquillo (Otomi: Maxei) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.	Tasquillo	Mexico
country	Rudrasagar Lake, also known as Rudijala, is a lake located in Melaghar, Tripura, India.	Rudrasagar Lake	India
country	Kootenay Pass, known locally as ``the Salmo-Creston'' is a mountain pass in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.	Kootenay Pass	Canada
country	The Eumeralla River, a perennial river of the Glenelg Hopkins catchment, is located in the Western District of Victoria, Australia.	Eumeralla River	Australia
country	Anandavana Agadi is located near the city of Haveri in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	Anandavana	India
country	Lehri Nature Park is situated in Jhelum District, northern Punjab, Pakistan.	Lehri Nature Park	Pakistan
country	Tát (German: Taath) is a town in Komárom-Esztergom county, Hungary.	Tát	Hungary
country	Ramachandrapuram is a village in Nalgonda district of Telangana, India.	Ramachandrapur	India
country	Łominy (wɔˈminɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łominy	Poland
country	Shichongkou Town (simplified Chinese: 石冲口镇; traditional Chinese: 石沖口鎮; pinyin: Shichongkou Zhen) is an urban town in Xinhua County, Loudi City, Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.	Shichongkou	People's Republic of China
country	Shenzhou Railway Station is a railway station of Hainan East Ring Intercity Rail, serving the county-level city of Wanning, located in Hainan, People's Republic of China.	Shenzhou Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The Pico River is a binational river of Patagonian Argentina and Chile.	Pico River	Argentina
country	Gun Island is one of the larger islands in the Pelsaert Group of the Houtman Abrolhos, in the Indian Ocean off the west coast of Australia.	Gun Island	Australia
country	Oryahovo (Bulgarian: Оряхово) is a port city in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vratsa Province.	Oryahovo	Bulgaria
country	Gryllefjord Chapel (Norwegian: Gryllefjord kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Torsken in Troms county, Norway.	Gryllefjord Chapel	Norway
country	Asadabad-e Chenar (Persian: اسدآباد چنار‎, also Romanized as Asadābād-e Chenār) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Asadabad-e Chenar	Iran
country	Piasutno (pjaˈsutnɔ) (German: Piassutten; 1938-45: Seenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Piasutno	Poland
country	Thouars (pronounced: (twaʁ)) is a commune in the Deux-Sèvres department in western France.	Thouars	France
country	Máximo Fernández (Rail station Juan F. Salaberry) is a hamlet in Bragado county, Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Máximo Fernández	Argentina
country	Defence Scheme No. 1 was created on April 12, 1921, and details a surprise invasion of the northern United States as soon as possible after evidence was received of an American invasion of Canada.	Defence Scheme No. 1	Canada
country	Dalj (Hungarian: Dálya, Serbian Cyrillic: Даљ) is a village on the Danube in eastern Croatia, near the confluence of the Drava and Danube, on the border with Serbia.	Dalj	Croatia
country	Velikooktyabrsky (Russian: Великооктябрьский) is a urban-type settlement in Firovsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Velikooktyabrsky	Russia
country	Qalui Zendan (Persian: قالوي زندان‎, also Romanized as Qālūī Zendān; also known as Qālū Zendān) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qalui Zendan	Iran
country	Ovesné Kladruby (German: Habakladrau) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Ovesné Kladruby	Czech Republic
country	Kongeegen (the King Oak) is an oak tree in Denmark.	Kongeegen	Denmark
country	Ulakh-An (Russian: Улах-Ан) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Zhersky Rural Okrug of Khangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) from Pokrovsk, the administrative center of the district.	Ulakh-An	Russia
country	Niyur (Persian: نيور‎, also Romanized as Nīyūr) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Niyur	Iran
country	Trévago or Trébago is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain.	Trévago	Spain
country	Bank Negara Monetary Notes (BNMN) are securities issued by Bank Negara Malaysia replacing the existing Bank Negara Bills (BNB) for purposes of managing liquidity in both the conventional and Islamic financial market.	Bank Negara Monetary Notes	Malaysia
country	Sulewo-Kownaty (suˈlɛvɔ kɔvˈnatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sulewo-Kownaty	Poland
country	The Sovereign Grant Act 2011 (c. 15) is the Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which introduced the Sovereign Grant, the payment which is paid annually to the Monarch by the Government.	Sovereign Grant Act 2011	United Kingdom
country	Kiełki (ˈkʲɛu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kiełki	Poland
country	Štalcerji (pronounced (ˈʃtaːlcɛɾji) or (ˈʃtaːu̯cɛɾji); previously also Štalcarji, German: Stalzern) is a settlement in the hills south of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Štalcerji	Slovenia
country	The Palanga Amber Museum (Lithuanian: Palangos gintaro muziejus), near the Baltic Sea in Palanga, Lithuania, is a branch of the Lithuanian Art Museum.	Palanga Amber Museum	Lithuania
country	Akçaabat Fatih Stadium (Turkish: Akçaabat Fatih Stadı) is a multi-purpose stadium in Akçaabat district of Trabzon, Turkey.	Akçaabat Fatih Stadium	Turkey
country	The École nationale d'administration publique (ENAP or National School of Public Administration) is a school in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	École nationale d'administration	Canada
country	Fairview Mall (branded as CF Fairview Mall) is a major shopping centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada of about 80,000 m² (900,000 ft2).	Fairview Mall	Canada
country	Lauterbourg (German: Lauterburg) is a commune and Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Lauterbourg	France
country	St. Radegund, also Sankt Radegund is a municipality in the district of Braunau am Inn in the Austrian state of Upper Austria, named after Saint Radegund.	Sankt Radegund	Austria
country	Hermanos Ameijeiras Airport (IATA: VTU, ICAO: MUVT) is a regional airport that serves the city of Las Tunas in Cuba.	Hermanos Ameijeiras Airport	Cuba
country	Mojstrana (pronounced (ˈmoːi̯stɾana); German: Meistern) is a village in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Mojstrana	Slovenia
country	The El Colegio de Veracruz (Colver) is a college in the city of Xalapa, Veracruz, Mexico.	El Colegio de Veracruz	Mexico
country	Sylling is a village in Lier municipality, in the county of Buskerud, Norway.	Sylling	Norway
country	The Cima Undici - Elferkofel (Italian: Cima Undici; German: Elferkofel) is a mountain in the Sexten Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Elferkofel	Italy
country	Sognesjøen is a strait in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Sognesjøen	Norway
country	Mount Ma Alalta is a stratovolcano in Ethiopia, also known as Pierre Pruvost, and Gar Uli.	Mount Ma Alalta	Ethiopia
country	Dubliany (Ukrainian: Дубляни; Polish: Dublany) is a city in Zhovkva Raion, Lviv Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Dubliany	Ukraine
country	Soroako, also spelled Sorowako, is a small mining town in the north-east of South Sulawesi province, in the centre of Sulawesi island in Indonesia.	Soroako	Indonesia
country	Archbishop Denis O'Connor Catholic High School (abbreviated DO'C) is a Roman Catholic high school located in Ajax, Ontario, Canada, within the Durham Catholic District School Board.	Archbishop Denis O'Connor Catholic High School	Canada
country	Danpur is a town in Danpur Mandal in Bulandshahr District in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Danpur	India
country	Vyborg Cathedral was a church in Vyborg, present day Russia, at the time Grand Duchy of Finland and later in independent Finland.	Vyborg Cathedral	Finland
country	Romeas Haek District is a district located in Svay Rieng Province, Cambodia.	Romeas Haek District	Cambodia
country	PRISA Televisión, S.A.U (PRISA TV) is a leading pay TV company in Spain.	PRISA TV	Spain
country	Cape Palascìa, commonly known as Capo d'Otranto, is Italy's most easterly point.	Capo d'Otranto	Italy
country	Wat Phra Si Sanphet (Thai: วัดพระศรีสรรเพชญ์; ``Temple of the Holy, Splendid Omniscient'') was the holiest temple on the site of the old Royal Palace in Thailand's ancient capital of Ayutthaya until the city was completely destroyed by the Burmese in 1767.	Wat Phra Si Sanphet	Thailand
country	The Rafflesia Forest Reserve covers an area of 356 ha of Tambunan district, Sabah, Malaysia.	Rafflesia Forest Reserve	Malaysia
country	Aarhus Airport (Danish: Aarhus Lufthavn) (IATA: AAR, ICAO: EKAH) is a civilian airport located in Tirstrup, Denmark, which is 19.4 nautical miles (35.9 km; 22.3 mi) northeast of Aarhus.	Aarhus Airport	Denmark
country	The Centenario Tower (Spanish: Torre Centenario) is a skyscraper in Santiago, the capital of Chile.	Centenario Tower	Chile
country	Vyzhnytsia National Nature Park is a protected area in south-western Ukraine which administration is located in the town Berehomet.	Vyzhnytsia National Nature Park	Ukraine
country	Park Hyatt Hyderabad is a luxury hotel located in the Banjara Hills neighbourhood of Hyderabad, India that opened on 29 April 2012.	Park Hyatt Hyderabad	India
country	Žabeni (Macedonian Cyrillic: Жабени; Albanian: Zhabjan) is a village 9.71 kilometers away from Bitola, which is the second largest city in Macedonia.	Žabeni	Macedonia
country	Bad Rodach is a town in the district of Coburg, in Upper Franconia, a north Bavarian Regierungsbezirk, Germany.	Bad Rodach	Germany
country	Chropyně (Czech pronunciation: (ˈxropɪɲɛ)) is a town in the Zlín Region, Czech Republic.	Chropyně	Czech Republic
country	Pozba (Hungarian: Pozba) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Pozba	Slovakia
country	Khaneh-ye Khosrow (Persian: خانه خسرو‎, also Romanized as Khāneh-ye Khosrow) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khaneh-ye Khosrow	Iran
country	The Erdöl-Erdgas-Museum Twist in Twist, Germany is a museum for crude oil and natural gas and shows technical equipment for mineral exploration of these natural energy resources and gives information about their geological origin.	Erdöl-Erdgas-Museum Twist	Germany
country	Uzquiano is a village in the Enclave of Treviño of the province of Burgos, Spain.	Uzquiano	Spain
country	The Ōhinemahuta River, formerly known as the Onamalutu River, is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island.	Ōhinemahuta River	New Zealand
country	Ratowo-Leśniczówka (raˈtɔvɔ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ratowo-Leśniczówka	Poland
country	Ontario Parks is the branch of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry that administers the provincial parks in Ontario, Canada.	Ontario Parks	Canada
country	The Aprilov National High School (Национална Априловска гимназия) in Gabrovo is the first modern secular school in Bulgaria.	Aprilov National High School	Bulgaria
country	Ney Padan (Persian: ني پدان‎, also Romanized as Ney Padān; also known as Nīfdān) is a village in Karvandar Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ney Padan	Iran
country	Lisy Nos railway station (Russian: Ста́нция Ли́сий нос), Fox Nose is a railway station in Lisy Nos, St. Petersburg, Russia.	Lisy Nos railway station	Russia
country	Sarab-e Rahim Khan (Persian: سراب رحيم خان‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Raḩīm Khān; also known as Sarāb) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Rahim Khan	Iran
country	Saiwa Swamp National Park is located near Kitale, Rift Valley Province, Kenya.	Saiwa Swamp National Park	Kenya
country	The Zoological Museum of Kiel University is a zoological museum in Kiel, Germany.	Zoological Museum of Kiel University	Germany
country	Nowy Dzikowiec (ˈnɔvɨ d͡ʑiˈkɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzikowiec, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Nowy Dzikowiec	Poland
country	Wonopringgo is a village and subdistrict in Pekalongan Regency in Central Java, Indonesia.	Wonopringgo	Indonesia
country	Purau is a small settlement in Canterbury, New Zealand, facing Lyttelton Harbour.	Purau	New Zealand
country	Ōkārito Lagoon is a coastal lagoon on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island.	Ōkārito Lagoon	New Zealand
country	Merna Mora Station also known as Mern Merna is a pastoral lease that currently operates as a sheep station cattle station and horse station in South Australia.	Merna Mora	Australia
country	Oude IJsselstreek is a municipality in the eastern Netherlands.	Oude IJsselstreek	Netherlands
country	Gebang (Indonesian: Candi Gebang) is an 8th-century Hindu temple located on the outskirts of Yogyakarta, Indonesia.	Gebang	Indonesia
country	Pasni Fish Harbour is located in Pasni, Balochistan, Pakistan, operated by the Government of Balochistan.	Pasni Fish Harbour	Pakistan
country	Gelaz (Persian: گلاز‎, also Romanized as Gelāz; also known as Kelāz) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gelaz	Iran
country	Daraa (Arabic: درعا‎, Levantine Arabic: (ˈdarʕa)), also Darʿā, Dara’a, Deraa, Dera, and Derʿā (``fortress'', compare Dura-Europos), is a city in southwestern Syria, just north of the border with Jordan.	Daraa	Syria
country	Wadi Mujib, known from the Hebrew Bible as River Arnon, is a river in Jordan which enters the Dead Sea at 410 metres (1,350 ft) below sea level.	Wadi Mujib	Jordan
country	Commitment, Renewal and Order (Spanish: Compromiso, Renovación y Orden, CREO) is a political party in Guatemala.	Commitment, Renewal and Order	Guatemala
country	Donnycarney or Donnycarny (Irish: Domhnach Cearna) is a Northside suburb in the city of Dublin, Ireland.	Donnycarney	Ireland
country	The Österreichische Mediathek collects audio-visual media published or produced in Austria, as well as international recordings relating to Austria.	Österreichische Mediathek	Austria
country	Housed in the Neuen Residenz (to which it moved in 2005), the Salzburg Museum is the museum of artistic and cultural history for the city and region of Salzburg, Austria.	Salzburg Museum	Austria
country	Bogoroditsk (Russian: Богоро́дицк) is a town and the administrative center of Bogoroditsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia, located on the Upyorta River, a tributary of the Upa.	Bogoroditsk	Russia
country	During the insurgency in the Republic of Macedonia, Vešala along with most villages of the Šar Mountains acted as a supply base and safe zone for the NLA forces.	Vešala	Macedonia
country	Åssiden is the largest borough of Drammen in Buskerud county, Norway.	Åssiden	Norway
country	The 'Elektriciteits Produktiemaatschappij Zuid-Nederland (EPZ), or Electricity Production Company South-Netherlands is the operator of the coal- and nuclear power plants located in Borssele in the Netherlands.	Elektriciteits Produktiemaatschappij Zuid-Nederland	Netherlands
country	The Serra Grande Gold Mine is a gold mine located 5 km from Crixás, in the Goiás state of Brazil.	Serra Grande Gold Mine	Brazil
country	The Torre dei Pulci is a historical tower in Florence, Italy.	Torre dei Pulci	Italy
country	Tulln an der Donau (Tulln on the Danube) is a town in the Austrian state of Lower Austria, and the seat of the Tulln district.	Tulln an der Donau	Austria
country	Penticton is a city in the Okanagan Valley of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, situated between Okanagan and Skaha Lakes.	Penticton	Canada
country	The Eshkol Power Station is a power station supplying electrical power to the Shephelah region in Israel.	Eshkol Power Station	Israel
country	Kontovazaina (Greek: Κοντοβάζαινα) is a village and a former municipality in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Kontovazaina	Greece
country	Skejby Sygehus or Aarhus University Hospital, Skejby, is a large university hospital located in Aarhus in Denmark.	Skejby Sygehus	Denmark
country	Stadio San Paolo is a stadium in the western suburb of Fuorigrotta in Naples, Italy, and is the third largest football stadium in Italy after the San Siro and Stadio Olimpico.	Stadio San Paolo	Italy
country	Sebenje (pronounced (sɛˈbeːnjɛ); German: Sebeine) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Sebenje	Slovenia
country	Din l-Art Ħelwa, National Trust of Malta, is a non-governmental, non-profit, voluntary organisation founded in 1965 to safeguard Malta's cultural heritage and natural environment.	Din l-Art Ħelwa	Malta
country	Rasht (Persian: رشت‎‎ Rašt; Gilaki: Rèsht; also Romanized as Resht and Rast, and often spelt Recht in French and older German manuscripts) is the capital city of Gilan Province, Iran.	Rasht	Iran
country	Shaftalustan (Persian: شفتالوستان‎, also Romanized as Shaftālūstān and Shaftālestān; also known as Qal``eh-ye Shaftālestān) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 5 families.	Shaftalustan	Iran
country	Costa Calma is a beach holiday resort town in the Canarian island of Fuerteventura, Spain.	Costa Calma	Spain
country	Jodłowa (jɔdˈwɔva) is a village in Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Jodłowa	Poland
country	Glenview Park Secondary School is a high school in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada, for students in South Galt.	Glenview Park Secondary School	Canada
country	Psyllatos (Greek: Ψυλλάτος, Turkish: Sütlüce) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located 5 km west of Lefkoniko on the mian Nicosia-Trikomo highway.	Psyllatos	Cyprus
country	Remiszew (rɛˈmiʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Remiszew	Poland
country	Thar Power Plant is a coal-fired power plant in Thar district, Sindh, Pakistan.	Thar Power Plant	Pakistan
country	Disina is a town in Shira Local Government Area, Bauchi State, northeastern Nigeria, located 35 kilometres southwest of Azare.	Disina	Nigeria
country	Mutusjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Paatsjoki main catchment area in Lapland region in Finland.	Mutusjärvi	Finland
country	The Central Ontario Junior C Hockey League is a Junior ``C'' ice hockey league in Ontario, Canada, sanctioned by the Ontario Hockey Association.	Central Ontario Junior C Hockey League	Canada
country	Botsra, Botzrah, Bozrah (Arabic: بصرة‎,Hebrew: בצרה‎) is an ancient biblical city in southern modern-day Jordan, adjacent to the modern town of Bouseira (alternatively Buseirah or Busheira.)	Bozrah	Jordan
country	Karahunj (Armenian: Քարահունջ; also Romanized as K’arahunj, Karaundzh, and Karahundj) is a village and rural community (municipality) in Armenia in Syunik province known for archaeological site Zorats Karer, located 4 km south of the city of Goris.	Karahunj	Armenia
country	The Higher University of San Andrés (Universidad Mayor de San Andrés or UMSA) is a university in La Paz, Bolivia.	Higher University of San Andrés	Bolivia
country	The Russian Chapel in Darmstadt, formally, the St. Mary Magdalene Chapel, is an historic Russian orthodox church in Darmstadt, Germany.	Russian Chapel in Darmstadt	Germany
country	The German Sociological Association (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Soziologie, DGS) organizes social scientists in Germany.	German Sociological Association	Germany
country	Prilly (French pronunciation: ​(pʁiji)) is a municipality in Switzerland in the canton of Vaud, located in the district of Ouest Lausannois.	Prilly	Switzerland
country	Balatonszárszó is a village along the southern shore of Lake Balaton in Somogy county, Hungary.	Balatonszárszó	Hungary
country	The Nonsberg Group (German: Nonsberggruppe, Italian: Alpi della Val di Non) is a mountain range in South Tyrol and Trentino in Italy and part of the Southern Limestone Alps.	Nonsberg Group	Italy
country	Buton Regency (Kabupaten Buton) is a regency of Indonesia's Southeast Sulawesi Province.	Buton Regency	Indonesia
country	The Hispaniolan pine forests are a tropical coniferous forest ecoregion found on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola, which is shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic.	Hispaniolan pine forests	Haiti
country	Namunukula is the name of a mountain range in Sri Lanka's province of Uva.	Namunukula	Sri Lanka
country	Gornje Raštane is a village in a municipality Sveti Filip i Jakov, in Zadar County, Croatia.	Gornje Raštane	Croatia
country	Bodzechów (bɔˈd͡zɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bodzechów	Poland
country	Foetz (Luxembourgish: Féiz) is a small town located in the commune of Mondercange, in south-western Luxembourg.	Foetz	Luxembourg
country	Velhartice (German: Welhartitz) is a village in the Czech Republic dating to the 13th century, dominated by the Gothic castle Hrad Velhartice.	Velhartice	Czech Republic
country	Topol pri Medvodah (pronounced (ˈtɔːpɔl pɾi mɛˈdʋoːdax)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Topol pri Medvodah	Slovenia
country	Scindia Kanya Vidyalaya (SKV) is a girls school in Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh in India.	Scindia Kanya Vidyalaya	India
country	Senieji Trakai Castle was a castle in Senieji Trakai (literally: Old Trakai), Lithuania.	Senieji Trakai Castle	Lithuania
country	Szepietowo (ʂɛpjɛˈtɔvɔ) is a town in Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szepietowo	Poland
country	Lower Kananaskis Lake is a natural lake that was turned into a reservoir in Kananaskis Country in Alberta, Canada.	Lower Kananaskis Lake	Canada
country	Loch McNess, also known as Yanchep Lake, is a freshwater lake located near Yanchep in the northern part of the coastal plain of Perth, Western Australia.	Loch McNess	Australia
country	Lopburi (Thai: ลพบุรี; pronunciation) is the capital city of Lopburi Province in Thailand.	Lopburi	Thailand
country	The General Zionists (Hebrew: הַצִיּוֹנִים הַכְּלָלִיים, translit. HaTzionim HaKlaliym) were a centre-right Zionist movement and a political party in Israel.	General Zionists	Israel
country	Dzelukope is a town located near Keta in the Volta Region of Ghana.	Dzelukope	Ghana
country	Bezgarji (pronounced (bəˈzɡaːɾji); German: Wisgarn) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia.	Bezgarji	Slovenia
country	Polatlı (formerly Ancient Greek: Γορδιον, Gòrdion and Latin: Gordium) is a city and a district in Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey, 80 km west of the Turkish capital Ankara, on the road to Eskişehir.	Polatlı	Turkey
country	The Togagawa Dam is a gravity dam on the Togagawa River (a tributary of the Shō River) near Taikanba village about 26 km (16 mi) southeast of Shogawa in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.	Togagawa Dam	Japan
country	The Mannheim School of Law and Economics (MSLE) is among the largest of the five schools of the University of Mannheim, located in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Mannheim School of Law and Economics	Germany
country	Monserrato (Pauli or Paulli in Sardinian language) is a comune (municipality) in the province of Cagliari, southern Sardinia, Italy, located about 5 kilometres (3 mi) northeast of Cagliari.	Monserrato	Italy
country	Suhozem (Bulgarian: Сухозем) is a village in the Kaloyanovo Municipality, Plovdiv Province, southern Bulgaria.	Suhozem	Bulgaria
country	The Windward River is a river in Fiordland, New Zealand, flowing into Gold Arm, Charles Sound.	Windward River	New Zealand
country	Pratteln (Swiss German: Brattele) is a municipality in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland, located in the district of Liestal.	Pratteln	Switzerland
country	Grenen is often considered the northmost landarea of Denmark proper (excluding the Faroe Islands and Greenland), but the northmost point is actually located 2,5 km northwest of Grenen on the beach of Nordstrand and is 700 m further north to be precise.	Grenen	Denmark
country	The West Eifel (German: Westeifel) refers to that part of the Eifel mountains in Germany that is centred on the town of Prüm and reaches as far as the border with Belgium and Luxembourg.	West Eifel	Germany
country	Wiswillani (hispanicized spellings Huishuillane, Huishuillani, erroneously also Huishillani) or Q'asa (Quechua for mountain pass, hispanicized spelling Ccasa) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,070.3 metres (16,635 ft) high.	Wiswillani	Peru
country	Verin Ptghni (Armenian: Վերին Պտղնի; also, Kerin Ptghni) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Verin Ptghni	Armenia
country	The Academy of Gondishapur (in Modern Persian: دانشگاه گندی‌شاپور‎‎, Dânešgâh-e Gondišâpur), was one of the three Sasanian centers of education (Ctesiphon, Resaina, Gundeshapur) and academy of learning in the city of Gundeshapur, Iran during late antiquity, the intellectual center of the Sasanian Empire.	Academy of Gondishapur	Iran
country	Kiltan or Kiltān Island (Malayalam: കില്‍ത്താന്‍) is a coral island belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Lakshadweep archipelago in India.	Kiltan	India
country	Lomé, with a population of 837,437 (metro population 1,570,283), is the capital and largest city of Togo.	Lomé	Togo
country	The Hospital Bazán is a historical building in Marbella, Andalucia, Spain.	Hospital Bazán	Spain
country	Hamzehlu-ye Sofla (Persian: حمزه لوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩamzehlū-ye Soflá and Hamzehloo Sofla; also known as Ḩamzehlū and Ḩamzehlū-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kamazan-e Vosta Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hamzehlu-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Aniwa Airport (IATA: AWD, ICAO: NVVB) is an airfield on the island of Aniwa, in the Taféa province in Vanuatu.	Aniwa Airport	Vanuatu
country	Gerdik Naser (Persian: گرديك ناصر‎, also Romanized as Gerdīk Nāşer and Gerdīknāşer; also known as Gerdaknāşer) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerdik Naser	Iran
country	The Portuguese Navy (Portuguese: Marinha Portuguesa, also known as Marinha de Guerra Portuguesa or as Armada Portuguesa) is the naval branch of the Portuguese Armed Forces which, in cooperation and integrated with the other branches of the Portuguese military, is charged with the military defence of Portugal.	Portuguese Navy	Portugal
country	Sefiddar (Persian: سفيددر‎, also Romanized as Sefīddar) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Sefiddar	Iran
country	Panchkula district (Hindi: पंचकुला़ जिला; Punjabi: ਪੰਚਕੂਲਾ ਜ਼ਿਲ੍ਹਾ) was formed as the 17th district of Haryana state in India on 15 August 1995.	Panchkula district	India
country	The Alberta Golden Bears are the men's athletic teams that represent the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Alberta Golden Bears	Canada
country	Reef Diver was an Enterprise amusement ride in the Ocean Parade section of Dreamworld on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Reef Diver	Australia
country	Pir Soleyman (Persian: پيرسليمان‎, also Romanized as Pīr Soleymān) is a village in Badr Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pir Soleyman	Iran
country	Premier Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park near Sparwood, British Columbia, Canada.	Premier Lake Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Tarraleah Power Station is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.	Tarraleah Power Station	Australia
country	Kantan (Persian: كنتان‎‎, also Romanized as Kantān) is a village in Zarabad-e Sharqi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kantan	Iran
country	The Irish Management Institute (IMI) is an educational institute in Dublin, Ireland, offering short courses, Postgraduate Diplomas and Master's degrees in Business and Management.	Irish Management Institute	Ireland
country	Pizzo Coca is a mountain that straddles the Val Seriana and the Valtellina in Lombardy, Italy.	Pizzo Coca	Italy
country	The Lorrain Republican Union (French: Union républicaine lorraine, URL) was a Christian democratic party in Moselle, France during the Third Republic.	Lorrain Republican Union	France
country	Apiolae (also Appiolae) was a town in ancient Latium, Italy.	Apiolae	Italy
country	Sillyon (Greek: Σίλλυον), also Sylleion (Σύλλειον), in Byzantine times Syllaeum or Syllaion (Συλλαῖον), was an important fortress and city near Attaleia in Pamphylia, on the southern coast of modern Turkey.	Sillyon	Turkey
country	Sofades (Greek: Σοφάδες, Sofádes) is a town and municipality in Thessaly, central Greece belonging to the regional unit of Karditsa.	Sofades	Greece
country	Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz Regional Airport (IATA: ELQ, ICAO: OEGS), formerly Qassim Regional Airport and widely known in the air-travel industry as ``Gassim'' (from Al-Qassim Province in which it lies), is an airport in Buraidah, Saudi Arabia.	Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz Regional Airport	Buraidah	Saudi Arabia
country	Janno (ˈjannɔ) (German: Winkel) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Janno	Poland
country	Sanjō Keihan Station (三条京阪駅 Sanjō Keihan Eki) is a subway station in Higashiyama ward, city of Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan.	Sanjō Keihan Station	Japan
country	Bongsanglay Natural Park (also spelled Bongsalay and Bujong Sanglay) is a protected area of mangrove forests and swamps on Ticao Island in the Bicol Region of the Philippines.	Bongsanglay Natural Park	Philippines
country	Samsolik (Persian: سم‌سالیک‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Samsolik	Tajikistan
country	Shivam Road is a major area in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Shivam Road	India
country	Eram Amusement Park is the largest theme park in Iran.	Eram Amusement Park	Iran
country	Sukarrieta (Spanish: Pedernales) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Sukarrieta	Spain
country	Mersin Museum is the main museum of Mersin, Turkey.	Mersin Museum	Turkey
country	Tramain (Breton: Tremaen, Gallo: Tramaen) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Tramain	France
country	The Cape Eluanbi (Chinese: 鵝鑾鼻; pinyin: Éluánbí; Wade--Giles: O2-luan2-pi2; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Gô-lôan-phīⁿ) is a cape in Hengchun Township, Pingtung County, Taiwan.	Cape Eluanbi	Taiwan
country	Al Hudaiba (Arabic: الحضيبة‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Hudaiba	United Arab Emirates
country	Villars-sur-Ollon, commonly referred to as Villars, is a village in Switzerland in the canton of Vaud, part of the municipality of Ollon.	Villars-sur-Ollon	Switzerland
country	Morshansk (Russian: Морша́нск) is a town in Tambov Oblast, Russia, located on the Tsna River (Oka's basin) 93 kilometers (58 mi) north of Tambov.	Morshansk	Russia
country	Ostrożna (ɔsˈtrɔʐna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ostrożna	Poland
country	Psača Monastery is an Orthodox Christian Monastery in the village of Psača, Republic of Macedonia.	Psača Monastery	Macedonia
country	Central University of Jammu in Jammu, Jammu and Kashmir, India has been established through an Act of Parliament: ``The Central Universities Act, 2009`` by Govt. of India. It started functioning from 2011. Dr. Sudhir Singh Bloeria is its first vice chancellor.	Central University of Jammu	India
country	Villa Jovis (``Villa of Jupiter''; also Villa Iovis, sometimes misspelled Villa Ionis) is a Roman palace on Capri, southern Italy, built by emperor Tiberius and completed in AD 27.	Villa Jovis	Italy
country	Ruili (simplified Chinese: 瑞丽; traditional Chinese: 瑞麗; pinyin: Ruìlì) is a county-level city of Dehong Prefecture, in the west of Yunnan province, People's Republic of China.	Ruili	People's Republic of China
country	Ytste Skotet is a complete, preserved, historical farm located in Stordal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Ytste Skotet	Norway
country	The Palace of the Kraków Bishops in Kielce (Polish: Pałac Biskupów Krakowskich w Kielcach), was built in the 17th century as a summer residence of Bishops of Kraków in Kielce, Poland.	Palace of the Kraków Bishops in Kielce	Poland
country	Shahba (Arabic: شهبا‎ / ALA-LC: Shahbā), known in Late Antiquity as Philippopolis, is a city located 87 km south of Damascus in the Jabal el Druze in As-Suwayda Governorate of Syria, but formerly in the Roman province of Arabia Petraea.	Shahba	Syria
country	Kapchagay Reservoir, also spelled Qapshaghay Bogeni Reservoir and sometimes referred to as Lake Kapchagay, is a major reservoir in Almaty Region in southeastern Kazakhstan, approximately 60 kilometres north of Almaty.	Kapchagay Reservoir	Kazakhstan
country	Spodnja Polskava (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja pɔlˈskaːʋa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnja Polskava	Slovenia
country	Quinaoayanan is a barangay of Bani, Pangasinan province, in the Philippines.	Quinaoayanan	Philippines
country	The South Jasper Ranges are mountain ranges of the Rocky Mountains in Alberta and British Columbia, Canada.	South Jasper Ranges	Canada
country	Aruvikkuzhy Falls (not to be confused with Aruvikkuzhi Waterfalls) is a waterfall about 100 feet (30 m) high located about 2km from Thadiyoor and 7km from Kozhencherry in the Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.	Aruvikkuzhy Falls	India
country	Forest Hill College is a co-educational state secondary college in Burwood East, Victoria, Australia.	Forest Hill College	Australia
country	Seoraksan is the highest mountain in the Taebaek mountain range (태백산맥) in the Gangwon Province in eastern South Korea.	Seoraksan	South Korea
country	Parisan (Persian: پريسان‎, also Romanized as Parīsān) is a village in Irafshan Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Parisan	Iran
country	Foster Yeoman Limited, based in the United Kingdom, is one of Europe's largest quarrying and asphalt companies.	Foster Yeoman	United Kingdom
country	The Pillory of Arcos de Valdevez (Portuguese: Pelourinho de Arcos de Valdevez) is a pillory located in Arcos de Valdevez (São Salvador), Vila Fonche e Parada, Arcos de Valdevez Municipality, Portugal.	Pillory of Arcos de Valdevez	Portugal
country	In March 2000, John Paul II visited the ruins of Capernaum during his visit to Israel.	Capernaum	Israel
country	Ryongwang Pavilion is a scenic overlook located in the central district of Pyongyang, North Korea.	Ryongwang Pavilion	North Korea
country	Sri Shanmuga Hindu Ladies College (also known as Trincomalee Ladies College or Trinco Ladies College) is a national school in Trincomalee, Sri Lanka.	Sri Shanmuga Hindu Ladies College	Sri Lanka
country	Sapulut is a town along Sapulut River in the Interior Division of Sabah, Malaysia.	Sapulut	Malaysia
country	Chengicherla Abattoir is a slaughterhouse located in Chengicherla village near Hyderabad, TS, India.	Chengicherla Abattoir	India
country	Scarborough City Centre is a city centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Scarborough City Centre	Canada
country	Władysławów Popowski (vwadɨˈswavuf pɔˈpɔfski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Władysławów Popowski	Poland
country	Huvafen Fushi (Nakachcchaafushi) is a private resort island retreat by Per AQUUM in the North Malé atoll, Kaafu, Maldives Indian Ocean.	Huvafen Fushi	Maldives
country	Szumin (ˈʂumin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szumin	Poland
country	Quri Pintay (Quechua quri gold, pintay to paint / painting (a borrowing from Spanish pintar to paint) hispanicized spelling Jori Pintay) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Quri Pintay	Peru
country	Cehegín (Spanish: (θe(e)ˈxin), locally: (θeˈxin)) is a town and municipality in the province and autonomous community of Murcia, Spain, situated some 66 km from the city of Murcia.	Cehegín	Spain
country	The Toronto Rebels Australian Football Club are an amateur Australian rules football club based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Rebels	Canada
country	Frøysjøen is a fjord (or more accurately, a strait) in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Frøysjøen	Norway
country	As of 2011 India census, Warisaliganj Nagar Panchayat has population of 34,056 of which 17,874 are males while 16,182 are females as per report released by Census India 2011.	Warisaliganj	India
country	Cheshmeh-ye Sar (Persian: چشمه سار‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Sār) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Sar	Iran
country	Hajji Firuz Tepe is an archaeological site located in West Azarbaijan province in north-western Iran.	Hajji Firuz Tepe	Iran
country	Palanga circuit is a temporary race track, located in Lithuania, 2 kilometers from resort town Palanga.	Palanga circuit	Lithuania
country	Široka planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Широка планина) is a mountain in southern Serbia, near the Macedonian border.	Široka planina	Serbia
country	Plebanówka (plɛbaˈnufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Plebanówka	Poland
country	Sinji Vrh (pronounced (ˈsiːnji ˈʋəɾx); German: Schweinberg) is a village in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Sinji Vrh	Slovenia
country	Templeuve Castle, also known as Castle of Formanoir de La Cazerie, is a castle in Templeuve Belgium.	Templeuve Castle	Belgium
country	Brzękowice Górne (bʐɛŋkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Brzękowice Górne	Poland
country	Skotbu is a village in Ski municipality, south of Ski, in the county of Akershus, Norway.	Skotbu	Norway
country	Khurhuy (Persian: خورهوئ‎, also Romanized as Khūrhūy) is a village in Senderk Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Khurhuy	Iran
country	The title Baron of Loughmoe is an Irish feudal barony located in northern County Tipperary, Ireland.	Baron of Loughmoe	Ireland
country	Qomra Ali (Persian: قمراعلي‎, also Romanized as Qomrā ʿAlī) is a village in Cheleh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qomra Ali	Iran
country	One of Brazil's largest airlines, TAM, got its start as Táxi Aéreo Marília here in 1961.	Marília	Brazil
country	Arnolec (Czech pronunciation: (ˈarnolɛts); German: Arnoldsdorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Arnolec	Czech Republic
country	Toyoma Education Museum exhibits the history of education in Japan since the Meiji period.	Toyoma Education Museum	Japan
country	Lehnin Abbey (German: Kloster Lehnin) is a former Cistercian monastery in Lehnin in Brandenburg, Germany.	Lehnin Abbey	Germany
country	Christian Social Union (CSU) (22) Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) (14) Green Party (3) Free Democratic Party (FDP) (2) Free Voters' Union (FWG) (2) Pro Neu-Ulm (1)	Neu-Ulm	Germany
country	Sibbinda, also Sibinda, is a village in the Caprivi Strip of northern Namibia, situated 60 kilometres (37 mi) west of Katima Mulilo.	Sibbinda	Namibia
country	Wave-Gotik-Treffen (ger. das Treffen means ``the meeting'') is an annual world festival for ``dark'' music and arts in Leipzig, Germany.	Wave-Gotik-Treffen	Germany
country	Kuy Patkuk Dasht Kuh (Persian: كوئ پتكوك دشتكوه‎, also Romanized as Kūy Patkūk Dasht Kūh) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kuy Patkuk Dasht Kuh	Iran
country	Rondane National Park (Norwegian: Rondane nasjonalpark) is the oldest national park in Norway, established on 21 December 1962.	Rondane National Park	Norway
country	Diponegoro University (Indonesian: Universitas Diponegoro, abbreviated as Undip) is a public university located in Semarang, Central Java, Indonesia.	Diponegoro University	Indonesia
country	Yermolino Airport (Russian: аэропорт Ермолино) (also given as Borovsk) (ICAO: UUWE) is an airport in Russia located 6 kilometers (3.7 mi) north-west of Balabanovo.	Yermolino Airport	Russia
country	Klášterec nad Ohří (Czech pronunciation: (ˈklaːʃtɛrɛts ˈnat ʔoɦr̝iː); German: Klösterle an der Eger) is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Klášterec nad Ohří	Czech Republic
country	As of 2001 India census, Meghahatuburu Forest village had a population of 6,879.	Meghahatuburu	India
country	Sarbak (Persian: ساربك‎, also Romanized as Sārbak; also known as Sabū, Sar Bug, Sārbūg, and Sārbūk) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sarbak	Iran
country	All Saints Memorial Church is a heritage-listed church at Tamrookum Church Road, Tamrookum, Queensland, Australia.	All Saints Memorial Church	Australia
country	As of 2013, St Andrew's Healthcare employs over 4,000 people across the United Kingdom and receives over 95% of its revenue (and patients) from the National Health Service through referrals from NHS commissioners.	St Andrew's Healthcare	United Kingdom
country	Wielen is a small village in the district of Grafschaft Bentheim in Lower Saxony, Germany, and belongs to the Joint Community (Samtgemeinde) of Uelsen.	Wielen	Germany
country	Zlobino (Russian: Зло́бино) is a village in Kashinsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Zlobino	Russia
country	Dorudzan (Persian: درودزن‎, also Romanized as Dorūdzan and Drūdzan) is a village in Dorudzan Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dorudzan	Iran
country	Hsinbo (also Sinbo) is a town on the Irrawaddy River in Myitkyina Township, Kachin State, Burma (Myanmar).	Hsinbo	Myanmar
country	Te Kowhai is a small rural town situated 15 km north west of Hamilton City in New Zealand.	Te Kowhai	New Zealand
country	Grębków (ˈɡrɛmpkuf) is a village in Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grębków	Poland
country	Glibovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Глибовац) is a village located in the municipality of Smederevska Palanka in the Podunavlje district of Serbia.	Glibovac	Serbia
country	Museum Van Loon is a museum located in a canalside house alongside the Keizersgracht in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Museum Van Loon	Netherlands
country	Sarnowy (sarˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sarnowy	Poland
country	The Singkil Barat Nature Reserve is a 650-square-kilometre (250 sq mi) nature reserve found on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Singkil Barat Nature Reserve	Indonesia
country	Grootmis is a settlement near the mouth of the Buffels River in South Africa.	Grootmis	South Africa
country	Desouk (Arabic: دسوق‎ Dosūq, Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: (dɪˈsuːʔ)) is a city in northern Egypt.	Desouk	Egypt
country	Gamzigrad (Serbian Cyrillic: Гамзиград, pronounced (ɡǎmziɡraːd)) is an archaeological site, spa resort and UNESCO World Heritage Site of Serbia, located south of the Danube river, near the city of Zaječar.	Gamzigrad	Serbia
country	The Usinskoe mine is a mine located in the south of Russia in Kemerovo Oblast.	Usinskoe mine	Russia
country	Amal International School (also called and abbreviated as A.I.S.), is a popular middle-class international school in Sri Lanka.	Amal International School	Sri Lanka
country	Osso de Cinca (Spanish: (ˈoso ðe ˈθiŋka)) or Ossó de Cinca (Catalan: (uˈso ðə ˈsiŋkə), locally: (oˈso ðe ˈsiŋka)) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Osso de Cinca	Spain
country	German company law (Gesellschaftsrecht) is an influential legal regime for companies in Germany.	German company law	Germany
country	The Pam Islands are an island group in the Bismarck Sea, belonging to Papua New Guinea.	Pam Islands	Papua New Guinea
country	Pathé Records was a France-based international record label and producer of phonographs, active from the 1890s through the 1930s.	Pathé Records	France
country	İnandıktepe is an archaeological site located in Cankiri Province, Turkey, about 50 miles northeast of Ankara.	İnandıktepe	Turkey
country	Miłoszyce (miwɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Meleschwitz, Fünfteichen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Miłoszyce	Poland
country	Rajjammana is a small Village in Matale District Sri Lanka.	Rajjammana	Sri Lanka
country	Al Ghabat also (Ghabat) is a village in Lebanon located in the Jurd area of the district of Jbeil in the Mount Lebanon region, about 74 kilometres northeast of Beirut.	Ghabat	Lebanon
country	Mian Rah (Persian: ميان راه‎, also Romanized as Mīān Rāh; also known as Mīān Rāh-e Vīzhehnān and Mīān Rāh-e Vīzhnān) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mian Rah	Iran
country	Rusociny (rusɔˈt͡ɕinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rusociny	Poland
country	S. Thomas' College, Bandarawela is a selective entry boys' private school situated in the town of Bandarawela in the Uva Province of Sri Lanka.	S. Thomas' College, Bandarawela	Sri Lanka
country	At the 2001 Census of India, Phek had a population of 12,863.	Phek	India
country	Monte Estância is a mountain in the southeastern part of the island Boa Vista in Cape Verde.	Monte Estância	Cape Verde
country	Tobruk or Tubruq (/təˈbrʊk, toʊ-/; Arabic: طبرق‎ Ṭubruq; also transliterated as Tóbruch, Tobruch, Tobruck and Tubruk) is a port city on Libya's eastern Mediterranean coast, near the border with Egypt.	Tobruk	Libya
country	Charmeh Dash (Persian: چرمه داش‎, also Romanized as Charmeh Dāsh; also known as Charmdāsh) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Charmeh Dash	Iran
country	The British Poultry Council is the United Kingdom's national trade group for the poultry meat industry, representing them in public relations, policy making and standardisation.	British Poultry Council	United Kingdom
country	As of 2011 India census, Nayagarh town had a population of 17,030, of which male and female were 9000 and 8030, respectively.	Nayagarh	India
country	Aventuras AD was a videogame Spanish producer, one of the most popular in Spain during the Golden Era of Spanish Software in the 1980s, specialized in text adventure games.	Aventuras AD	Spain
country	Dodowa is a town located in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana, it is the district capital of Dangme West district, now Shai Osudoku District.	Dodowa	Ghana
country	The Healesville Freeway is a proposed freeway in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Australia.	Healesville Freeway	Australia
country	Łask (wask) is a town in central Poland with 18,029 inhabitants (2013).	Łask	Poland
country	The 1964 Winter Olympics, officially known as the IX Olympic Winter Games (French: Les IXes Jeux olympiques d'hiver) (German: Olympische Winterspiele 1964), was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Innsbruck, Austria, from January 29 to February 9, 1964.	1964 Winter Olympics	Austria
country	Helta (Arabic: حلتا‎) is a town in North Lebanon.	Helta	Lebanon
country	Motulalo is the largest islet of Nukufetau, Tuvalu.	Motulalo	Tuvalu
country	Mudroňovo (Hungarian: Újpuszta) is a small village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Mudroňovo	Slovakia
country	Blekholmsbron (Swedish: ``Bridge of Bleaching Islet'') is a pedestrian bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Blekholmsbron	Sweden
country	On 8 March 1990, the Socialist Republic of Slovenia removed the prefix ``Socialist'' from its name, becoming the Republic of Slovenia, though remaining a constituent state of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia until 25 June 1991, when it enacted the laws resulting in independence.	Socialist Republic of Slovenia	Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
country	Nuuksio (Finnish) or Noux (Swedish) is a district of Espoo, a city in Finland, best known for the Nuuksio National Park.	Nuuksio	Finland
country	Singarathope is a neighbourhood in the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu, India.	Singarathope	India
country	Santa Maria in Vallicella, also called Chiesa Nuova, is a church in Rome, Italy, which today faces onto the main thoroughfare of the Corso Vittorio Emanuele and the corner of Via della Chiesa Nuova.	Santa Maria in Vallicella	Italy
country	Mur Pahn (Persian: مورپهن‎, also Romanized as Mūr Pahn) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District, Sedeh District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mur Pahn	Iran
country	Kudamurutti River a tributary of the Kaveri, is one of the five sacred rivers flows in Thiruvaiyaru in the Thanjavur District of the state of Tamil Nadu, in southeastern India.	Kudamurutti River	India
country	The Victoria Standard is a small, biweekly newspaper published in Baddeck, Nova Scotia, Canada.	The Victoria Standard	Canada
country	Llamachayuq (Quechua llama llama, -cha, -yuq suffixes, ``with a little llama (or llamas)'', also spelled Llamachayoq) is an archaeological complex with petroglyphs in Peru.	Llamachayuq	Peru
country	Iolcos (/aɪˈɒlkɒs/; also rendered Iolkos or Iolcus /aɪˈɒlkəs/; Greek: Ιωλκός) is an ancient city, a modern village and a former municipality in Magnesia, Thessaly, Greece.	Iolcos	Greece
country	Saanen (French: Gessenay) is a municipality in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.	Saanen	Switzerland
country	The Order of the Red Eagle (German: Roter Adlerorden) was an order of chivalry of the Kingdom of Prussia.	Order of the Red Eagle	Prussia
country	Mauricio Gilli Aerodrome (Spanish: Aeródromo Mauricio Gilli -- Tucumán) is an airport situated 16 km west of Yerba Buena, a city in the Province of Tucumán in the North Western Argentina.	Mauricio Gilli Aerodrome	Argentina
country	Basser College, University of New South Wales is a residential college at the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia.	Basser College, University of New South Wales	Australia
country	As of 2001 India census, Raghunathpur (PS-Magra) had a population of 14,109.	Raghunathpur (PS-Magra)	India
country	Oksa (ˈɔksa) is a village in Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Oksa	Poland
country	Nová Včelnice, until 1950 Nový Etynk-Včelnice (German: Neuötting-Vtschelnitz), is a town in South Bohemia Region, the Czech Republic.	Nová Včelnice	Czech Republic
country	The University of Liverpool School of Medicine is a medical school located in Liverpool, United Kingdom and a part of the University of Liverpool.	University of Liverpool School of Medicine	United Kingdom
country	The Public Record Office of Northern Ireland is distinguished from other archival institutions in the United Kingdom by its unique combination of private and official records.	Public Record Office of Northern Ireland	United Kingdom
country	Hirosaki Tōshō-gū (弘前東照宮) is a Shinto shrine in Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan.	Hirosaki Tōshō-gū	Japan
country	Fildu de Jos (Hungarian: Alsófüld) is a commune located in the southern part of Sălaj County, Romania.	Fildu de Jos	Romania
country	Vraćevšnica (pronounced (v̞rǎtɕɛːv̞ʃnitsa)) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia.	Vraćevšnica	Serbia
country	Pilichy (piˈlixɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pilichy	Poland
country	The Schindelkopf (629 m above sea level (NN)) in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is a southwestern outlier of the mountain ridge known as Auf dem Acker (865.1 m).	Schindelkopf	Germany
country	Mount Garmo (Tajik: Қуллаи Гармо, Qullai Garmo, Russian: пик Гармо, pik Garmo) is a mountain of the Pamirs in Tajikistan, Central Asia, with a height reported to be between 6,595 metres and 6,602 metres.	Mount Garmo	Tajikistan
country	The Raz de Sein is a stretch of water located between the Isle of Sein and the Pointe du Raz in Finistère in the Brittany region of France.	Raz de Sein	France
country	Miholjače (Serbian Cyrillic: Михољаче) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Miholjače	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	La Grande-3 Airport, (IATA: YAR, ICAO: CYAD), is an airfield exclusively serving the La Grande-3 hydro-electric generating station in northern Quebec, Canada.	La Grande-3 Airport	Canada
country	Megali Doxipara (Greek: Μεγάλη Δοξιπάρα) is a village in the municipality of Orestiada in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece.	Megali Doxipara	Greece
country	Baghlar (Persian: باغلار‎, also Romanized as Bāghlār) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baghlar	Iran
country	Osterseen is a group of lakes in Bavaria, Germany.	Osterseen	Germany
country	The Chania Plain is a relatively level landform spreading southward from the city of Chania on the island of Crete in the present day country of Greece.	Chania Plain	Greece
country	Buchcice (buxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Buchcice	Poland
country	The Institut Supérieur de Logistique Industrielle (ISLI), or Institute for Supply Chain Excellence as it is called in English, is the Supply Chain Management academic department and research center of KEDGE Business School and located in Talence, France, in the suburb area of Bordeaux.	Institut Supérieur de Logistique Industrielle	France
country	Farkhor Air Base is a military air base located near the town of Farkhor in Tajikistan, 130 kilometres (81 mi) south east of the capital Dushanbe.	Farkhor Air Base	Tajikistan
country	Vlkas (Hungarian: Valkház) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Vlkas	Slovakia
country	The 2000 European Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on May 21, 2000 at the Nürburgring in Nürburg, Germany.	2000 European Grand Prix	Germany
country	Klinga Church (Norwegian: Klinga kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Klinga Church	Norway
country	The Diocese of Växjö is one of the 13 dioceses or regional units of the Lutheran Church of Sweden.	Diocese of Växjö	Sweden
country	Vårdinge by folkhögskola is a folk high school located near a lake in Vårdinge, Sweden.	Vårdinge by folkhögskola	Sweden
country	Dakoue, Dakoueh or Dekweh is a village located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) southwest of Mejdel Anjar, Lebanon.	Dakoue	Lebanon
country	On Australia Day 2009, 979fm was awarded Community Group of the Year by the Melton Shire Australia Day Awards showing a commitment to the local Melton Shire community.	979fm	Australia
country	Narmashir (Persian: نرماشير‎; formerly, Rostamabad (Persian: رستم آباد) also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a city in and capital of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Narmashir	Iran
country	Kharehju (Persian: خره جو‎, also Romanized as Kharehjū; also known as Kharehchū) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kharehju	Iran
country	Chokier (Walloon: Tchôkire) is a village and section of the municipality of Flémalle in the province of Liège in Belgium, located on the left bank of the river Meuse.	Chokier	Belgium
country	Mofar River is a west-flowing river of central Ethiopia, and part of the watershed of the Abay.	Mofar River	Ethiopia
country	Epe (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈeːpə)) is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands.	Epe	Netherlands
country	Kolahabad (Persian: كلاه اباد‎, also Romanized as Kolāhābād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kolahabad	Iran
country	Gračišće (Italian: Gallignana) is a village and municipality of Istria County in Croatia.	Gračišće	Croatia
country	The United Kingdom Census 2001 gave the Brighouse / Rastrick subdivision of the West Yorkshire Urban Area a population of 32,360.	Brighouse	United Kingdom
country	Brooketon Colliery, formerly known as Muara Coal Mine, was one of the underground coal mines in Brunei.	Brooketon Colliery	Brunei
country	The Chiri River (Bengali: চিরি নদী) is a river in the northern part of Bangladesh.	Chiri River	Bangladesh
country	The Rö runestone, designated under Rundata as Bo KJ73 U, is one of Sweden's oldest and most notable runestones.	Rö runestone	Sweden
country	ING House is the former headquarters of ING Group at the business district Zuidas of Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	ING House	Netherlands
country	As of 2011 India census, The Ujina village has population of 8397 of which 4427 are males while 3970 are females as per Population Census 2011.	Ujina	India
country	Khormaksar (UK: (kəˈmæksə), Arabic: خورمكسر (χɔːɾˈmaksaɾ)), is a city district in Aden Governorate, Yemen, with a population of 47,044 according to 2004 census.	Khormaksar	Yemen
country	The Kaohsiung MRT Cultural Center Station is an underground station on the Orange Line in the edge of Sinsing District and Lingya District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Cultural Center Station	Taiwan
country	Alburikent (Russian: Альбурике́нт) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of Sovetsky City District of the City of Makhachkala in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia.	Alburikent	Russia
country	Qué! is a free daily newspaper, published by Factoría de Información in Spain.	Qué!	Spain
country	La Lisa (Spanish pronunciation: (la ˈlisa)) is one of the 15 municipalities or boroughs (municipios in Spanish) in the city of Havana, Cuba.	La Lisa	Cuba
country	The Turra di a Calanca is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Olmeto in the département of Corse-du-Sud, Corsica, France.	Turra di a Calanca	France
country	North Albany Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the North West of Albany, a regional centre 420 kilometres (261 mi) south-southeast of Perth, Western Australia.	North Albany Senior High School	Australia
country	Glentanner Aerodrome (IATA: GTN, ICAO: NZGT) is an aerodrome located at the north west end of Lake Pukaki in New Zealand.	Glentanner Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Kahrizak (Persian: كهريزك‎, also Romanized as Kahrīzak; also known as Kahrīzak-e Ghār) is a city in and the capital of Kahrizak District, in Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kahrizak	Iran
country	The Middle Pasco Islands comprise two similarly sized adjacent granite islands, with a combined area of 8.37 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Middle Pasco Islands	Australia
country	Brits Airfield (ICAO-Code: FABS) is a small airfield located in Brits, South Africa.	Brits Airfield	South Africa
country	The Arrondissement of Arlon (French: Arrondissement d'Arlon; Dutch: Arrondissement Aarlen) is one of the five administrative arrondissements in the Province of Luxembourg, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Arlon	Belgium
country	Cemetery of Punta Arenas is the public cemetery of the city of Punta Arenas, Chile.	Cemetery of Punta Arenas	Chile
country	Wood Islands Provincial Parks is a provincial park in Prince Edward Island, Canada, situated immediately south of Wood Islands and 55 km (34 mi) from Charlottetown, the provincial capital.	Wood Islands Provincial Park	Canada
country	Las Toninas is a town in La Costa Partido of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Las Toninas	Argentina
country	Crichton Street Public School was an elementary school in the New Edinburgh neighbourhood of Ottawa, Canada until 1999.	Crichton Street Public School	Canada
country	The JW Marriott Absheron Baku Hotel, also Absheron Hotel is a skyscraper hotel in Baku, Azerbaijan, located on Azadliq Square next to Pushkin's Park and the Crescent Hotel on the edge of the Caspian Sea.	JW Marriott Absheron Baku Hotel	Azerbaijan
country	Brdowo (ˈbrdɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Brdowo	Poland
country	Sidi Bishr (Arabic: سيدي بشر‎) is a neighborhood in the Montaza District of Alexandria, Egypt.	Sidi Bishr	Egypt
country	Ubay National Science High School (Filipino: Mataas na Pambansang Paaralang Pang-Agham ng Ubay), commonly called USci or SciHigh is a special public high school in the Philippines.	Ubay National Science High School	Philippines
country	Vidyajyoti College of Theology (literally, ``Light of Knowledge''), Delhi, India, is an institute and faculty of theology run by the Jesuits.	Vidyajyoti College of Theology	India
country	The Quezon Protected Landscape is a protected area in the Republic of the Philippines, spanning the municipalities of Pagbilao, Padre Burgos and Atimonan in Quezon province.	Quezon Protected Landscape	Philippines
country	Oebisfelde (German pronunciation: (øːbɪsˈfɛldə)) is a town and a former municipality in the Börde district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Oebisfelde	Germany
country	Podzaldów (pɔˈd͡zalduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Podzaldów	Poland
country	The Squamish volcanic field is a small north-south trending volcanic field on the South Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Squamish volcanic field	Canada
country	Shannon Airport (Irish: Aerfort na Sionainne) (IATA: SNN, ICAO: EINN) is one of Ireland's three primary airports, along with Dublin and Cork.	Shannon Airport	Ireland
country	The Château Frontenac (French pronunciation: ​(ʃɑto fʁɔ̃tənak)) is a grand hotel in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada, which is operated as Fairmont Le Château Frontenac.	Château Frontenac	Canada
country	RCAF Station De Winton was a World War II air training station located south of Calgary, and east of De Winton, Alberta, Canada.	RCAF Station De Winton	Canada
country	Vila Nova de Famalicão (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ fɐmɐliˈkɐ̃w)) is a town and municipality in the district of Braga, in the north of Portugal.	Vila Nova de Famalicão	Portugal
country	The Schauinsland (literally ``look into the country''; near Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany), is a mountain in the Black Forest with an elevation of 1,284 m (4213 ft) above sea level.	Schauinsland	Germany
country	Samara Metro (Russian: Самарское Метро), formerly known as the Kuybyshev Metro (Куйбышевское Метро), is a rapid transit system which serves the city of Samara, Russia.	Samara Metro	Russia
country	The ``Royal Clock'' is located on the upper level of the southern half of the Queen Victoria Building in Sydney, Australia.	Royal Clock	Australia
country	Opico (or San Juan Opico) is a municipality in the La Libertad department of El Salvador.	Opico	El Salvador
country	Žepa (Cyrillic: Жепа) is a town in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the municipality of Rogatica, in the Republika Srpska entity.	Žepa	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Poothamkara Sree Dharma Sasta Temple is an ancient Hindu temple in Pathanamthitta district, about 10 km from Adoor, Kerala, India.	Poothamkara Sree Dharma Sasta Temple	India
country	Ashbakh (Persian: اشباخ‎, also Romanized as Ashbākh) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ashbakh	Iran
country	The Elde (German pronunciation: (ˈɛldə)) is a river in northern Germany (Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and a few km in Brandenburg), a right tributary of the Löcknitz.	Elde	Germany
country	North Kawartha is a township in northern Peterborough County, Ontario, Canada.	North Kawartha	Canada
country	The Canadian Junior Curling Championships is an annual curling tournament held to determine the best junior-level curling team in Canada.	Canadian Junior Curling Championships	Canada
country	Moodkee (Punjabi: ਮੁਦਕੀ), also spelled Mudki, is a town in Punjab state of India.	Moodkee	India
country	The Kőbánya area was historically used to mine limestone for buildings in Buda and north-west Hungary.	Kőbánya	Hungary
country	Lalian Tehsil (Urdu: لالیاں تحصيل‎) is a tehsil of Chiniot District and a city of Punjab, Pakistan.	Lalian Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Suvorovo (Bulgarian: Суворово, pronounced (suˈvɔruvu)) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Varna Province.	Suvorovo	Bulgaria
country	Igoumenitsa (, ), is a coastal city in northwestern Greece.	Igoumenitsa	Greece
country	Ayanggyo Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Sinam-dong and Hyomok-dong, Dong District, Daegu, South Korea.	Ayanggyo Station	South Korea
country	Lagazuoi is a mountain in the Dolomites of northern Italy, lying at an altitude of 2,835 metres (9,301 ft), about 18 kilometres (11 mi) southwest by road from Cortina d'Ampezzo in the Veneto Region.	Lagazuoi	Italy
country	The Alcazaba of Badajoz is an ancient Moorish citadel in Badajoz, Extremadura, western Spain.	Alcazaba of Badajoz	Spain
country	The Canton of Obwalden (German pronunciation: (ˈɔbˌvaldən)) is a canton of Switzerland.	Obwalden	Switzerland
country	Molepolole Airport (ICAO: FBML) is a public use airport located near Molepolole, Botswana.	Molepolole Airport	Botswana
country	Danané is a city in the far west of Ivory Coast.	Danané	Ivory Coast
country	Mayagas (Russian: Маягас) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Khorinsky Rural Okrug of Ust-Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 6 kilometers (3.7 mi) from Borogontsy, the administrative center of the district.	Mayagas	Russia
country	The Sydney Tramway Museum is Australia's oldest tramway museum and the largest in the southern hemisphere, located in Loftus in the southern suburbs of Sydney.	Sydney Tramway Museum	Australia
country	Manchuela or La Manchuela (``lesser La Mancha'') is a comarca located in Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Manchuela	Spain
country	The Shire of Wiluna is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia, about 950 kilometres (590 mi) northeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Wiluna	Australia
country	Skånela Church (Swedish: Skånela kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Stockholm County, Sweden.	Skånela Church	Sweden
country	Sahulan (Persian: سهولان‎, also Romanized as Sahūlān; also known as Saholān) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sahulan	Iran
country	Nova Vas pri Jelšanah (pronounced (ˈnɔːʋa ˈʋaːs pɾi jɛu̯ˈʃaːnax); Slovene: Nova vas pri Jelšanah) is a small village east of Jelšane in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Nova Vas pri Jelšanah	Slovenia
country	Brian Filipi Stadium (Albanian: Stadiumi Brian Filipi), aka former Besëlidhja Stadium (Albanian: Stadiumi Besëlidhja) is a multi-use stadium in Lezhë, Albania.	Brian Filipi Stadium	Albania
country	Drivdalen is a valley located in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Drivdalen	Norway
country	Usqullu (Quechua for Andean mountain cat, hispanicized spelling Oscollo) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Usqullu	Peru
country	Ohrigstad Dam is a rockfill type dam located close to Ohrigstad in Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Ohrigstad Dam	South Africa
country	Muine Bheag or Muinebheag (ˈmˠɪnʲə vʲɔɡ), also known as Bagenalstown /ˈbæɡ.nəlz.taʊn/, is a small town on the River Barrow in County Carlow, Ireland.	Muine Bheag	Ireland
country	Pompallier House is a nineteenth-century building located in Russell, New Zealand which once served as the headquarters to the French Catholic mission to the Western Pacific.	Pompallier House	New Zealand
country	Gaziosmanpaşa University (Turkish: Gaziosmanpaşa Üniversitesi) is a public university established in 1992 and primarily located in Tokat, Turkey.	Gaziosmanpaşa University	Turkey
country	Vrabče (pronounced (ˈwɾaːptʃɛ); Italian: Monte Urabice) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Vrabče	Slovenia
country	Trøjborg is a neighborhood in the city of Aarhus, Denmark in Skt.	Trøjborg	Denmark
country	The Eifel hotspot is a volcanic hotspot which is responsible for the volcanic activity which forms the volcanoes in Western Germany of northwestern Europe.	Eifel hotspot	Germany
country	Jurong Regional Library (Chinese: 裕廊区域图书馆) is a public library located in Jurong East, Singapore.	Jurong Regional Library	Singapore
country	Drachalica (draxaˈlit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Drachalica	Poland
country	Ploština was a small settlement situated near to Valašské Klobouky, Zlín District, Moravian Wallachia, today's Czech Republic.	Ploština	Czech Republic
country	The Kereu River is a river of New Zealand's northeastern North Island.	Kereu River	New Zealand
country	Les Issambres is the seaside and holiday destination of the commune of Roquebrune-sur-Argens, France.	Les Issambres	France
country	The Cauvery Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area located in the Mandya, Chamarajanagar and Ramanagar districts of Karnataka, India.	Cauvery Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Aghunato is a sub division of the Zunheboto district in Nagaland in the far north east of India.	Aghunato	India
country	Ziegelbrücke railway station (German: Bahnhof Ziegelbrücke) is a junction station in the village of Ziegelbrücke in Switzerland.	Ziegelbrücke railway station	Switzerland
country	Aalbæk station is a railway station serving the small coastal town of Aalbæk in Vendsyssel, Denmark.	Aalbæk station	Denmark
country	Nagrota is a town located in the Jammu district of Jammu and Kashmir state in India.	Nagrota	India
country	Prymków (ˈprɨmkuf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Prymków	Poland
country	Średnie Duże (ˈɕrɛdɲɛ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Średnie Duże	Poland
country	Wairoa is a town in New Zealand's North Island.	Wairoa	New Zealand
country	Guidel (Breton: Gwidel) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Guidel	France
country	Kungsleden (The King's Trail) is a hiking trail in northern Sweden, approximately 440-kilometre (270 mi) long, between Abisko in the north and Hemavan in the south.	Kungsleden	Sweden
country	The Morelos Valley was settled from about 2000 BC. During the Classic Period, Teopanzolco came under the influence of the great metropolis of Teotihuacan in the Valley of Mexico.	Teopanzolco	Mexico
country	Ļaudona (German: Laudohn) is a village in the Vidzeme region of northeastern Latvia.	Ļaudona	Latvia
country	Middle Norrland (Swedish: Mellersta Norrland) is a National Area (Swedish: Riksområde) of Sweden.	Middle Norrland	Sweden
country	Ambassel is one of the woredas of the Amhara Region in Ethiopia, and an amba, or mountain fortress, located in the woreda; the woreda is named for this feature.	Ambassel	Ethiopia
country	Araku (ST) (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (Lower House of the Parliament) constituencies in Andhra Pradesh state in southern India.	Araku (ST) (Lok Sabha constituency)	India
country	Athens Airport Station is the only train station in Greece that is not managed by GAIAOSE, a subsidiary of OSE, the national rail company.	Athens Airport Station	Greece
country	Chakothi (Urdu: چکوٹھی ‎) is a border village in Hattian Bala District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Chakothi	Pakistan
country	Børselv (Kven: Pyssyjoki, Northern Sami: Bissojohka) is a village in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Børselv	Norway
country	Peričnik Falls (pronounced (pɛˈɾiːtʃnik); Slovene: slap Peričnik) is a waterfall in Triglav National Park, Slovenia.	Peričnik Falls	Slovenia
country	Christian Brothers College, Burwood (CBC Burwood) was a Catholic high school located in Burwood, Sydney Australia.	Christian Brothers College, Burwood	Australia
country	Isurium or Isurium of the Brigantes (Latin: Isurium Brigantum) was a Roman fort and town in the province of Britannia at the site of present-day Aldborough in North Yorkshire, England, in the United Kingdom.	Isurium Brigantum	United Kingdom
country	Sandspit Beach is situated south west of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Sandspit Beach	Pakistan
country	Lassing is a municipality in the district of Liezen, Styria, Austria.	Lassing	Austria
country	Şişli (pronounced (ˈʃiʃli)) is one of 39 districts of Istanbul, Turkey.	Şişli	Turkey
country	Baix Ebre (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈbaʃ ˈeβɾə), locally: (ˈbajʃ ˈeβɾe), ``Lower Ebro'') is a comarca (county), on the coast in southern Catalonia, Spain.	Baix Ebre	Spain
country	The Chung Hwa Middle School is an independent, public-funded Chinese school, established in 1922 by the Chinese community of Brunei.	Chung Hwa Middle School	Brunei
country	Pomarico (Greek: Pomerikon) is a small town of 4500 inhabitants in Southern Italy, in the region Basilicata.	Pomarico	Italy
country	Rosenborg Barracks (Danish: Livgardens Kaserne ved Rosenborg), one of two barracks of the Royal Danish Life Guard, is located next to Rosenborg Castle in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Rosenborg Barracks	Denmark
country	Schmidtsdrift is a town in Pixley ka Seme District Municipality in the Northern Cape province of South Africa.	Schmidtsdrift	South Africa
country	Alnajan-e Do (Persian: النجان دو ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Alnajan-e Do	Iran
country	Albitreccia is a French commune in the Corse-du-Sud department in the Corsica region of France.	Albitreccia	France
country	Dommeldange (Luxembourgish: Dummeldeng, German: Dommeldingen) is a quarter in north-eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Dommeldange	Luxembourg
country	Vatukoula (meaning ``gold rock'' in Fijian), is a gold mining settlement in Fiji, 9 kilometers inland from the Town of Tavua on Viti Levu, the main Fiji island (home to the national capital Suva and its international airport Nadi).	Vatukoula	Fiji
country	A union of Boka Kotorska (and Budva) with Montenegro took place for a brief period (1813--1814), but from 1814 until the end of World War I in 1918, Budva remained under Austria-Hungary.	Budva	Montenegro
country	Parco Agricolo Sud Milano (``Rural Park South Milan'') is a large protected rural area located south and south-east of Milan, Italy.	Parco Agricolo Sud Milano	Italy
country	Băcioi is a commune in Chişinău municipality, Moldova.	Băcioi	Moldova
country	The 'Bremen Overseas Research and Development Association' (BORDA) is a non-profit international development organization headquartered in Bremen, Germany and regional offices in India, Indonesia, and Tanzania and several project offices within the regions.	Bremen Overseas Research and Development Association	Germany
country	Palais Berlitz is especially sadly notorious for an antisemitic exhibition during Nazi occupation Le juif et la France (5 September 1941-15 January 1942).	Palais Berlitz	France
country	The Szakoly Power Plant is one of Hungary's largest biomass power plants having an installed electric capacity of 20 MW.	Szakoly Power Plant	Hungary
country	Seraj al Akhbar (Lamp of the News) was a Persian newspaper that circulated in Kabul, Afghanistan from 1911-1919.	Seraj al Akhbar	Afghanistan
country	Challain-la-Potherie is a village in a commune centred on the town of Cande in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.	Challain-la-Potherie	France
country	Jahangir-e Olya (Persian: جهانگيرعليا‎, also Romanized as Jahāngīr-e ``Olyā; also known as Jahāngīr) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 16 families.	Jahangir-e Olya	Iran
country	The Sirenusas (Italian: Le Sirenuse), also known as the Gallos (Li Galli) or The Cocks, are an archipelago of little islands off the Amalfi Coast of Italy between Isle of Capri and 6 km (4 mi) southwest of Positano.	Sirenuse	Italy
country	Orsara di Puglia is a city and comune in the province of Foggia, Apulia, southern Italy.	Orsara di Puglia	Italy
country	As of 2001(update) India census,(2) Bayana had a population of 33,504.	Bayana	India
country	Đelekovec is a municipality and a village in northern Croatia, located north of Koprivnica, near the river Drava.	Đelekovec	Croatia
country	Galesh Kolam (Persian: گالش كلام‎, also Romanized as Gālesh Kolām, Gālesh Kalām, and Gālesh Kolam) is a village in Gel-e Sefid Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Galesh Kolam	Iran
country	Many specimens of the flora and fauna at Egå Engsø, are either rare or relatively rare in Denmark.	Egå Engsø	Denmark
country	Wola Buczkowska (ˈvɔla but͡ʂˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Buczkowska	Poland
country	Tečić (Serbian Cyrillic: Течић) is a village in Central Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at 43°50′07``N 21°07′29''E, at the elevation of 210 m. According to the 2002 census, the village had 660 citizens.	Tečić	Serbia
country	Montería is a municipality and city located in Northern Colombia and is the capital of the Department of Córdoba.	Montería	Colombia
country	The Markham Pan Am Centre is a multi-purpose community and aquatics centre located in the new downtown area of Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Markham Pan Am Centre	Canada
country	The Eder Uplands (German: Ederbergland) refers to a region in North Hesse in Germany.	Eder Uplands	Germany
country	Wola Pniewska (ˈvɔla ˈpɲefska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Pniewska	Poland
country	Milkovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Мильково) (ICAO: UHPM) is an airport in Kamchatka Krai, Russia located 4 km southwest of Milkovo.	Milkovo Airport	Russia
country	Aylesbury Waterside Theatre is a £47 million theatre in Aylesbury, England, United Kingdom presenting a range of West End and touring musicals and plays, along with performances of opera and ballet and a Christmas pantomime.	Aylesbury Waterside Theatre	United Kingdom
country	Anne Hathaway's Cottage is a twelve-roomed farmhouse where Anne Hathaway, the wife of William Shakespeare, lived as a child in the village of Shottery, Warwickshire, England, about 1 mile (1.6 km) west of Stratford-upon-Avon.	Anne Hathaway's Cottage	England
country	Trosa is a locality and the seat of Trosa Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden with 5,027 inhabitants in 2010 (town) and 11,417 in 2010 (municipality).	Trosa	Sweden
country	The Siguacán River (Spanish pronunciation: (siɣwaˈkan)) is a river of Guatemala.	Siguacán River	Guatemala
country	The Mamaku Ranges are a range of rugged hills in the North Island of New Zealand.	Mamaku Ranges	New Zealand
country	Justiniana Prima (Serbian: Царичин град) was a Byzantine city that existed from 535 to 615, and currently an archaeological site, near today's Lebane, Leskovac district in southern Serbia.	Justiniana Prima	Serbia
country	Bhilai is a city in the district of Durg, Chhattisgarh, in eastern central India.	Bhilai	India
country	Edgeøyjøkulen is an ice cap glacier on Edgeøya, part of the Svalbard archipelago, Norway.	Edgeøyjøkulen	Norway
country	Doliwo (dɔˈlivɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Doliwo	Poland
country	Busselton Jetty is the longest wooden jetty (pier) in the southern hemisphere, stretching almost 2 km out to sea from the town of Busselton, Western Australia.	Busselton Jetty	Australia
country	Charoen Mueang (Thai: เจริญเมือง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Phan District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Charoen Mueang	Thailand
country	Upemba Depression or Kamalondo Depression which is more commonly known by its French name Dépression de l'Upemba is a large marshy bowl area (depression) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo comprising some fifty lakes, including 22 of relatively large size including Lake Upemba (530 km²) and Lake Kisale (300 km²).	Upemba Depression	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Petrušnja Vas (pronounced (pɛˈtɾuːʃnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Petrušnja vas) is a village just north of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Petrušnja Vas	Slovenia
country	Beekrumsing Ramlallah State Secondary School (formerly known as Mapou SSS) is a government secondary school in Mauritius.	Beekrumsing Ramlallah State Secondary School	Mauritius
country	Tepe Hissar is a prehistoric site located just south of Damghan in north-eastern Iran.	Tepe Hissar	Iran
country	Javadabad (Persian: جوادآباد‎, also Romanized as Javādābād and Jawādābād) is a city in and the capital of Javadabad District, in Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Javadabad	Iran
country	Milevsko (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪlɛfsko); German: Mühlhausen) is a small town in the Czech Republic.	Milevsko	Czech Republic
country	Thalassery Pier locally known as Kadalpalam is located in Thalassery, Kannur District of Kerala state, south India.	Thalassery Pier	India
country	Castiglione dei Pepoli is a comune (municipality) in the province of Bologna, Emilia-Romagna, Italy, located about 40 kilometres (25 miles) southwest of Bologna.	Castiglione dei Pepoli	Italy
country	Wildwood/Loche Mist Farms Aerodrome, (TC LID: CJJ3), is located 3.9 nautical miles (7.2 km; 4.5 mi) south southwest of Wildwood, Alberta, Canada.	Wildwood/Loche Mist Farms Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Rouge-Matawin Wildlife Reserve (French: Réserve faunique Rouge-Matawin) is a Quebec Wildlife Reserve located to the north of Mont-Tremblant National Park, in Quebec, Canada.	Rouge-Matawin Wildlife Reserve	Canada
country	Arnissa (Greek: Άρνισσα, before 1926: Όστροβον, Ostrovon;) is a town in the Pella regional unit of Macedonia, Greece.	Arnissa	Greece
country	Kalo Nero or Kalonero (Greek: Καλό Νερό or Καλόνερο meaning ``good water'') is a village and a community of the Trifylia municipality, Messenia, southern Greece.	Kalo Nero	Greece
country	The Shepherd Islands (coordinates 16.8°S 168.5°E) are a group of islands lying between the larger islands of Epi and Éfaté, in the Shefa province of Vanuatu.	Shepherd Islands	Vanuatu
country	The Battle of Gisors (September 27, 1198) was a skirmish fought in Courcelles-lès-Gisors, Oise, Picardy, part of the on-going fighting between Richard I of England and Philip Augustus of France that lasted from 1194 to Richard's death in April 1199.	Battle of Gisors	France
country	Borgholm Castle (Swedish: Borgholms slott) in Borgholm, Sweden, is today only a ruin of the fortress that was first built in the second half of the 12th century and rebuilt many times in later centuries.	Borgholm Castle	Sweden
country	Viidumäe Nature Reserve (Estonian: Viidumäe looduskaitseala) is a nature reserve situated on Saaremaa in western Estonia, in Saare County.	Viidumäe Nature Reserve	Estonia
country	Yuzha (Russian: Ю́жа) is a town and the administrative center of Yuzhsky District in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, located on Lake Vazal, 95 kilometers (59 mi) southeast of Ivanovo, the administrative center of the oblast.	Yuzha	Russia
country	Krsinji Vrh (pronounced (kəɾˈsiːnji ˈʋəɾx); German: Kersin Werch) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Krsinji Vrh	Slovenia
country	Gifan-e Bala (Persian: گيفان بالا‎, also Romanized as Gīfān-e Bālā; also known as Gīfān and Bālādeh) is a village in Gifan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gifan-e Bala	Iran
country	The Ngatapa Branch was a secondary branch line railway 18,50 km long that for a short time formed part of the national rail network in Poverty Bay in the North Island of New Zealand.	Ngatapa Branch	New Zealand
country	Quebec (Commission des droits de la personne et des droits de la jeunesse) v Boisbriand (City of), 2000 SCC 27, (2000) 1 S.C.R. 665, is a leading Canadian civil rights decision of the Supreme Court of Canada.	Quebec (Commission des droits de la personne et des droits de la jeunesse) v Boisbriand (City of)	Canada
country	Dziwnów (ˈd͡ʑivnuf) (German: Berg Dievenow) is a town in north-western Poland situated on the Baltic Sea at the mouth of the river Dziwna.	Dziwnów	Poland
country	The Openbare Bibliotheek Amsterdam (Public Library Amsterdam) is a collective name for all public libraries in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Openbare Bibliotheek Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	The Navarrese People's Union (Spanish: Unión del Pueblo Navarro), abbreviated to UPN, is a regional conservative political party in Navarre, Spain.	Navarrese People's Union	Spain
country	Gerazg (Persian: گرزگ‎, also Romanized as Gerazk) is a village in Khavashod Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gerazg	Iran
country	Niata (Greek: Νιάτα) is a village and a former municipality in Laconia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Niata	Greece
country	Combomune is a small town in southern Mozambique.	Combomune	Mozambique
country	Eshkali Mohammad Hajji (Persian: اشكالي محمدحاجي‎, also Romanized as Eshkālī Moḩammad Ḩājjī) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Eshkali Mohammad Hajji	Iran
country	General Villegas is a town in General Villegas Partido, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	General Villegas	Argentina
country	The Satsalla River is a river in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada, flowing southwest into the Kingcome River.	Satsalla River	Canada
country	Gornja Bistrica (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnja ˈbiːstɾitsa); Hungarian: Felsőbeszterce, Prekmurje dialect: Gorenja Bistrica) is a village on the left bank of the Mura River in the Municipality of Črenšovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Gornja Bistrica	Slovenia
country	Diadem Peak is a peak located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park, Canada.	Diadem Peak	Canada
country	Tendo Dag (also spelled: Tindodag) (Pashto: تين دو ډاګ) is an administrative unit, known as Union council or Wards in Tehsil Babuzai, of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Tendo Dag	Pakistan
country	Santa Lucía Utatlán (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsanta luˈsi.a utaˈtlan)) is a municipality in the Sololá department of Guatemala.	Santa Lucía Utatlán	Guatemala
country	Omaui is a small coastal village in Southland Region, New Zealand.	Omaui	New Zealand
country	The Spitzkoppe (from German for ``pointed dome''; also referred to as Spitzkop, Groot Spitzkop, or the ``Matterhorn of Namibia''), is a group of bald granite peaks or bornhardts located between Usakos and Swakopmund in the Namib desert of Namibia.	Spitzkoppe	Namibia
country	Remembrance Day (11 November) is a national holiday in France and Belgium.	Remembrance Day	France
country	The Ogbunike Caves are located in Ogbunike, Anambra State, southeastern Nigeria.	Ogbunike Caves	Nigeria
country	Hosingen (Luxembourgish: Housen) is a small town and former commune in northern Luxembourg.	Hosingen	Luxembourg
country	Kumluca is a town and district of Antalya Province on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey, part of the Turkish Riviera.	Kumluca	Turkey
country	Dobova (pronounced (ˈdoːbɔʋa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Dobova	Slovenia
country	Volokolamsk (Russian: Волокола́мск) is a town and the administrative center of Volokolamsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Gorodenka River, not far from its confluence with the Lama River, 129 kilometers (80 mi) northwest of Moscow.	Volokolamsk	Russia
country	Al-Buwaidhaa town is a small town in the middle part of the Sudan.	Buwaidhaa	Sudan
country	Satkhira Government Mahila College (Bengali: সাতক্ষীরা সরকারি মহিলা কলেজ) is situated in the Satkhira District, the Khulna Division of Bangladesh.	Satkhira Government Mahila College	Bangladesh
country	Szczucin (ˈʂt͡ʂut͡ɕin) is a town in Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Szczucin	Poland
country	Galdames is a valley, town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Galdames	Spain
country	Tombak-e Bala (Persian: تمبك بالا‎, also Romanized as Tombak-e Bālā; also known as Tombak and Tonbak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tombak-e Bala	Iran
country	Sanida (Greek: Σανίδα) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 4 km east of Kellaki.	Sanida	Cyprus
country	Tumar Aghaj (Persian: طوماراغاج‎, also Romanized as Ţūmār Āghāj; also known as Ţūmār Āqāj) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tumar Aghaj	Iran
country	As Pontes de García Rodríguez is a municipality in the Comarca of Eume in northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia.	As Pontes de García Rodríguez	Spain
country	K&C Video was one of the first video labels in Australia and released tapes on the VHS and BETA formats.	K&C Video	Australia
country	The Ismailia Stadium (Arabic: ملعب الاسماعيلية‎) is located in Ismailia, Egypt, and has a total capacity of 18,000, after the remodelation in 2009.	Ismailia Stadium	Egypt
country	Toubkal National Park is a national park in the High Atlas mountain range, 70 kilometres from Marrakesh in central-western Morocco.	Toubkal National Park	Morocco
country	Vardi Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Rapla County in central Estonia.	Vardi Nature Reserve	Estonia
country	Büyükçekmece is a district and municipality (belediye) in the suburbs of Istanbul, Turkey on the Sea of Marmara coast of the European side, west of the city.	Büyükçekmece	Turkey
country	Waikouaiti is a small town in East Otago, New Zealand, within the city limits of Dunedin.	Waikouaiti	New Zealand
country	Nesvady (Hungarian: Naszvad, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈnɒsvɒd)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Nesvady	Slovakia
country	Dailing District (simplified Chinese: 带岭区; traditional Chinese: 帶領區; pinyin: Dàilǐng Qū) is a district of the city of Yichun, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Dailing District	People's Republic of China
country	Estádio Luiz José de Lacerda, usually known as Lacerdão, is a multi-purpose stadium in Caruaru, Pernambuco, Brazil.	Lacerdão	Brazil
country	Dr. Francisco Soca or Soca is a small city in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	Dr. Francisco Soca	Uruguay
country	Santa Coloma de Farners (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsantə kuˈɫomə ðə fərˈnes)) is a spa town and capital of the comarca of the Selva, in Catalonia, Spain, and of the judicial district of Santa Coloma.	Santa Coloma de Farners	Spain
country	Javaliqan (Persian: جواليقان‎, also Romanized as Javālīqān) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Javaliqan	Iran
country	Fagaloa Bay is located on the north eastern coast of Upolu island in Samoa.	Fagaloa Bay	Samoa
country	Uzlomac is a long mountain in Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnia), east from line direction Maslovare --	Uzlomac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Hermitage Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Wag Water River near Stony Hill in Saint Andrew Parish, Jamaica.	Hermitage Dam	Jamaica
country	Bombardopolis (Haitian Creole: Bonbadopolis) is a commune located in the hilly country in northwestern Haiti within in the Nord-Ouest Department and the Arrondissement de Môle-Saint-Nicolas.	Bombardopolis	Haiti
country	Fort St. James/Stuart River Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAZ6), is located adjacent to Fort St. James on the Stuart River, British Columbia, Canada.	Fort St. James/Stuart River Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Ottawa/Carp Airport or Carp Airport, (ICAO: CYRP), is located 1.2 nautical miles (2.2 km; 1.4 mi) south of Carp, Ontario, Canada, a small village that is now part of Ottawa.	Carp Airport	Canada
country	The Wairaurahiri River is a river in southern Fiordland, New Zealand, draining Lake Hauroko into the sea.	Wairaurahiri River	New Zealand
country	Sour El-Ghozlane (or Souk El Ghoziane) is a town and commune in Algeria's central-northern, just-landlocked Bouïra Province.	Sour El-Ghozlane	Algeria
country	Bomnak (Russian: Бомнак) is an rural locality (a selo) in Zeysky District of Amur Oblast, Russia, located on the northern bank of Zeya Reservoir.	Bomnak	Russia
country	Messukeskus Helsinki, Expo and Convention Centre (formerly Helsinki Fair Centre) is the biggest and best-known convention center in Finland.	Messukeskus Helsinki	Finland
country	Bystry Rów is a stream that flows within the bounds of the municipality of Szczecin, Poland.	Bystry Rów	Poland
country	Hulas, located in the Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh, India, is a late Indus Valley Civilization archeological site.	Hulas	India
country	Vrejlev Priory was a priory of Premonstratensian nuns located at Vrejlev, near Vrå, Region Nordjylland, Denmark.	Vrejlev Priory	Denmark
country	King's College London (informally King's or KCL; formerly styled King's College, London) is a public research university located in London, United Kingdom, and a constituent college of the federal University of London.	King's College London	United Kingdom
country	The Convent Van Maerlant is a former convent which consists of a church and a Chapel (Chapelle de la Résurrection) on Rue Van Maerlantstraat in Brussels (Belgium).	Convent Van Maerlant	Belgium
country	Bonstorf is a village in the municipality of Südheide in the north of Celle district on the Lüneburg Heath in central Germany.	Bonstorf	Germany
country	Aiguamúrcia (Catalan pronunciation: (ˌajɣwəˈmursiə)) is a municipality, located in the province of Tarragona, Catalonia (northern Spain), in the Alt Camp comarca.	Aiguamúrcia	Spain
country	Boneh Deraz (Persian: بنه دراز‎, also Romanized as Boneh Derāz; also known as Bonderāz) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh Deraz	Iran
country	Bülzig is a former municipality in Wittenberg district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Bülzig	Germany
country	Karl Johans Torg (Swedish: ``Square of Charles John'') is a public square between the old town Gamla stan and Slussen in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Karl Johans Torg	Sweden
country	Tabomatang is a village settlement on Nikunau Island in Kiribati.	Tabomatang	Kiribati
country	University of Economics in Katowice is a higher education institution in Katowice, Poland.	University of Economics in Katowice	Poland
country	The Polygone Scientifique (en: Scientific Polygon) is a neighborhood of the city of Grenoble in France.	Polygone Scientifique	France
country	Buracona is a small bay located in the northwest of the island of Sal in Cape Verde.	Buracona	Cape Verde
country	The Foja Mountains (Foja Range, Foya Mountains) (Indonesian: Pegunungan Foja) are located just north of the Mamberamo river basin in Papua, Indonesia.	Foja Mountains	Indonesia
country	PontAuRail is an voluntary association created in 1995 to run trains between Pont-Audemer and Honfleur in France.	PontAuRail	France
country	The Cooyar railway line was a branch line in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.	Cooyar railway line	Australia
country	Jumla Airport (IATA: JUM, ICAO: VNJL) is an airport serving Jumla, the capital of the Jumla District in the Karnali Zone in Nepal.	Jumla Airport	Nepal
country	Alaior (previously in Spanish, Alayor) is a municipality on the island of Minorca, in the Balearic Islands, Spain.	Alaior	Spain
country	Baban Yavar-e Azizi (Persian: بابان ياورعزيزي‎, also Romanized as Bābān Yāvar-e ``Azīzī) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 666, in 143 families.	Baban Yavar-e Azizi	Iran
country	Chorweiler (German: Köln-Chorweiler, German pronunciation: (kɔʁvaɪlɐ)) is the Sixth city district (Stadtbezirk) of Cologne, Germany.	Chorweiler	Germany
country	Connells Lagoon Conservation Reserve also known as Dalgajini is a conservation reserve in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Connells Lagoon Conservation Reserve	Australia
country	Crazy Vuk's border (Serbian: Међа Вука манитога/Međa Vuka manitoga), sometimes also called Dukljan's border (Дукљанова међа/Dukljanova međa) is remains of a border wall in Montenegro.	Crazy Vuk's border	Montenegro
country	Seh Chek (Persian: سه چك‎) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Seh Chek	Iran
country	The Guadalfeo is a small river in the province of Granada, Spain between the Sierra Nevada mountain range and the coastal ranges of Sierra de la Contraviesa and Lújar.	Guadalfeo	Spain
country	Culpepper Island is a tiny rock (island) in the Atlantic Ocean close to Bayfield and Ragged Point in Saint Philip, Barbados.	Culpepper Island	Barbados
country	Corte Palasio is a town and comune in the province of Lodi, in Lombardy (northern Italy).	Corte Palasio	Italy
country	Otog Banner (Mongolian: ᠣᠲᠣᠭ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Otoɣ qosiɣu; Chinese: 鄂托克旗; pinyin: Ètuōkè Qí) is a banner of southwestern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Otog Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Nurabad-e Hajjilu (Persian: نورابادحاجيلو‎, also Romanized as Nūrābād-e Ḩājjīlū) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District, in the Central District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Nurabad-e Hajjilu	Iran
country	Stare Pole (ˈstarɛ ˈpɔlɛ) (German Altfelde) is a village in Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stare Pole	Poland
country	Yeguas Reservoir is a reservoir in Montoro, province of Córdoba, Andalusia, Spain.	Yeguas Reservoir	Spain
country	Abu Dhalouf is a settlement on the north coast of Qatar, located in the municipality of Madinat ash Shamal.	Abu Dhalouf	Qatar
country	The British Columbia Democratic Coalition (BCDC) was a short-lived coalition of minor political parties in British Columbia, Canada.	British Columbia Democratic Coalition	Canada
country	Bobadela is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Boticas, Portugal.	Bobadela	Portugal
country	Luang Prabang International Airport (Lao: ສະຫນາມບິນສາກົນຫຼວງພະບາງ), (IATA: LPQ, ICAO: VLLB) is one of the few international airports in Laos.	Luang Prabang International Airport	Laos
country	Berkakit (Russian: Беркаки́т; Yakut: Беркакит) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Neryungrinsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 7 kilometers (4.3 mi) from Neryungri, the administrative center of the district.	Berkakit	Russia
country	The Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial is a World War II cemetery and memorial in Colleville-sur-Mer, Normandy, France, that honours American troops who died in Europe during World War II.	Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial	France
country	Dar El Kebdani (Amazigh: Dar El kebdani, ⴷⴰⵔ ⴻⵍ ⴽⴻⴱⴷⴰⵏⵉ, Arabic: دار الكبداني) is a town in Driouch Province, Oriental, Morocco.	Dar El Kebdani	Morocco
country	Zarduiyeh (Persian: زاردوييه‎, also Romanized as Zardū’īyeh; also known asZardūn) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zarduiyeh	Iran
country	The Geneva University of Music (French: Haute école de musique de Genève HEM) is a higher music education institution in Geneva, Switzerland.	Geneva University of Music	Switzerland
country	Zewditu Hospital is a hospital in central Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.	Zewditu Hospital	Ethiopia
country	Søborg Castle (Danish: Søborg Slot), in its heyday, was the strongest castle in Denmark, and was also used as a prison (Jens Grand was imprisoned here in the 13th century).	Søborg Castle	Denmark
country	Dolfynstrand (Afrikaans for ``dolphin beach'') is a seaside resort on the South Atlantic coast of Namibia.	Dolfynstrand	Namibia
country	Pistoia (Italian pronunciation: (piˈstoːja)) is a city and comune in the Tuscany region of Italy, the capital of a province of the same name, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west and north of Florence and is crossed by the Ombrone Pistoiese, a tributary of the River Arno.	Pistoia	Italy
country	Litlumvatnet (Southern Sami: Jovsjaevrie) is a lake on the border of Norway and Sweden.	Litlumvatnet	Norway	Sweden
country	Hartmann College (Hindi: हार्टमैन कॉलेज) is a co-educational convent institution in Izzatnagar, Bareilly, India, run by the Christian Catholic Minority and recognized by the Department of Education (U.P.).	Hartmann College	India
country	Sarkur (Persian: سركور‎, also Romanized as Sarkūr) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sarkur	Iran
country	Karvan-e Sofla Rural District (Persian: دهستان كرون سفلي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Karvan District, Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Karvan-e Sofla Rural District	Iran
country	Ursuline Church of the Holy Trinity (Slovene: Uršulinska cerkev svete Trojice), officially Holy Trinity Parish Church in Ljubljana (Župnijska cerkev svete Trojice), also Nun Church (Nunska cerkev), is a parish church in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Ursuline Church of the Holy Trinity	Slovenia
country	Baqtile is a populated place in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia.	Baqtile	Somalia
country	Starošince (pronounced (staɾɔˈʃiːntsɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia.	Starošince	Slovenia
country	Razguri (pronounced (ɾaˈzɡuːɾi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Razguri	Slovenia
country	Grafsky Bereg (Russian: Гра́фский Бе́рег) is a rural locality (a selo) in Namsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 8 kilometers (5.0 mi) from Namtsy, the administrative center of the district.	Grafsky Bereg	Russia
country	The Kakweiken River, also spelled Kakweken River, is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing southwest out of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains into the head of Thompson Sound, which lies to the east of Gilford Island and to the north of lower Knight Inlet.	Kakweiken River	Canada
country	Smidovich (Russian: Смидович) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Smidovichsky District of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast, Russia.	Smidovich	Russia
country	Makwiro is a settlement in Mashonaland West province in Zimbabwe.	Makwiro	Zimbabwe
country	Kolderwolde (West Frisian: Kolderwâlde) is a village in De Friese Meren in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Kolderwolde	Netherlands
country	Małe Olecko (ˈmawɛ ɔˈlɛt͡skɔ) (German: Herzogshöhe from 1938--45) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Małe Olecko	Poland
country	Coutances Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Coutances) is a Gothic Roman Catholic cathedral constructed from 1210 to 1274 in the town of Coutances, Normandy, France.	Coutances Cathedral	France
country	Vreden is a small town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany near the Dutch border.	Vreden	Germany
country	Afzal Gunj (Telugu: అఫ్జాల్ గుంజ) is one of the old suburbs in Hyderabad, Telangana, India, close to river Musi.	Afzal Gunj	India
country	Hitgar (Persian: هيتگر‎, also Romanized as Hītgar; also known as Hītkar-e Bālā) is a village located in Irandegan Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hitgar	Iran
country	Czaszyn is located about 12 kilometers from Sanok in southeastern Poland.	Czaszyn	Poland
country	Argalasti (Greek: Αργαλαστή) is a village and a former municipality in Magnesia, Thessaly, Greece.	Argalasti	Greece
country	The Johan Sverdrup oil field (Sverdrup Field) is an oil field in the North Sea, about 140 kilometres (87 mi) west of Stavanger, Norway.	Johan Sverdrup oil field	Norway
country	Guilers (Breton: Gwiler-Leon) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Guilers	France
country	Thermes (Greek: Θέρμες) is a former community in the Xanthi regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Thermes	Greece
country	The Griffin Poetry Prize is Canada's most generous poetry award.	Griffin Poetry Prize	Canada
country	The Tana River Primate National Reserve was a 170 square kilometres (66 sq mi) national wildlife reserve in south-eastern Kenya.	Tana River Primate National Reserve	Kenya
country	Bowral and District Hospital is an acute care public hospital servicing the Southern Highlands region in New South Wales, Australia.	Bowral and District Hospital	Australia
country	Kucura (Serbian Cyrillic: Куцура, Rusyn: Коцур) is a village in Serbia, in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.	Kucura	Serbia
country	The University of Dillingen, at Dillingen an der Donau in southern Germany, existed from 1551 to 1803.	University of Dillingen	Germany
country	Hizom Darreh (Persian: هيزم دره‎, also Romanized as Hīzom Darreh; also known as Khānlarābād) is a village in Lavasan-e Bozorg Rural District, Lavasanat District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hizom Darreh	Iran
country	Slope Point is the southernmost point of the South Island of New Zealand.	Slope Point	New Zealand
country	Momenabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان مومن آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Momenabad Rural District	Iran
country	The Lago Puelo National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Lago Puelo) is a national park of Argentina, located in the northwest of the province of Chubut, in the Patagonia.	Lago Puelo National Park	Argentina
country	Lake Alice Hospital was a rural psychiatric facility in Lake Alice, Manawatu-Wanganui, New Zealand.	Lake Alice Hospital	New Zealand
country	Chiesa di Santa Maria di Costantinopoli is located in the Li Curti district of Anacapri, on the island of Capri, Italy.	Chiesa di Santa Maria di Costantinopoli	Italy
country	The Pankisi Gorge (Georgian: პანკისის ხეობა, Pankisis Kheoba) or Pankisi (პანკისი) is a valley region in Georgia, in the upper reaches of River Alazani just south of Georgia's historic region of Tusheti between Mt Borbalo and the ruined 17th-century fortress of Bakhtrioni.	Pankisi Gorge	Georgia
country	The Langkawi National Observatory or Balai Cerap Kebangsaan Langkawi is a space observatory in Malaysia.	Langkawi National Observatory	Malaysia
country	Sinwonsa is a Buddhist temple in the South Chungcheong province in South Korea.	Sinwonsa	South Korea
country	Kilvington Grammar School (previously named Kilvington Girls Grammar) is an independent, Baptist, co-educational day school, located in Ormond, a suburb in the Glen Eira region of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Kilvington Grammar School	Australia
country	Andria Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Andria, Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Andria in Apulia, Italy, which up to 2009 was in the Province of Bari but from then onwards part of the newly formed Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani.	Andria Cathedral	Italy
country	Ngong Road is a major road in Kenya that links the city of Nairobi to Ngong town.	Ngong Road	Kenya
country	Serikin is a small Bidayuh town in Kuching Division, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Serikin	Malaysia
country	Kaka Abbas (Persian: كاكاعباس‎, also Romanized as Kākā ``Abbās; also known as Kak ``Abbās) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 559, in 110 families.	Kaka Abbas	Iran
country	Neuchâtel District is one of the six districts of the largely French-speaking canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland, lying in the Le Littoral Region.	Neuchâtel District	Switzerland
country	Montferrat (/ˌmɒntfəˈræt/ or French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃fɛʁa); Piedmontese: Monfrà; Italian: Monferrato (momferˈraːto); Latin: Mons Ferratus) is part of the region of Piedmont in Northern Italy.	Montferrat	Italy
country	Bixiga is a neighbourhood at center of the city of São Paulo, Brazil.	Bixiga	Brazil
country	Digovdərə is a village in the municipality of Mistan in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Digovdərə	Azerbaijan
country	Walter Island is one of several uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada located within James Bay.	Walter Island	Canada
country	Quş yuvası (also, Kushyuvasy) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Quş yuvası	Azerbaijan
country	The Adolphus Channel or the Albany passage is a channel located in the Torres Strait, situated northeast of the Cape York Peninsula, in Queensland, Australia.	Adolphus Channel	Australia
country	Kolyma Hydroelectric Station is located on the Kolyma River in the village of Sinegorye, Yagodninsky District, Magadan Oblast Russia.	Kolyma Hydroelectric Station	Russia
country	The Sardar Patel Ring Road is 76 km long ring road encircling the city of Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Sardar Patel Ring Road	India
country	Chez l'Ami Louis (French pronunciation: ​(ʃe lami lwi), Our friend Louis's) is a restaurant at 32, rue du Vertbois, in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris, France, founded in 1924.	Chez l'Ami Louis	France
country	Komstad is a village in the former Norra Ljunga Parish, Småland, Sweden, suited about 4 km west of Sävsjö town.	Komstad	Sweden
country	Kwasowo (kfaˈsɔvɔ) (formerly German Quatzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kwasowo	Poland
country	Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Petroleum Technology (RGIPT), in Jais, Raebareli, Uttar Pradesh, India, is a training and education institute that gives technical and management training to the petroleum industry and was formally opened on July 2008.	Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Petroleum Technology	India
country	The 1973 Paris Air Show crash was the crash of the second production Tupolev Tu-144 at Goussainville, Val-d'Oise, France, which killed all six crew and eight people on the ground.	1973 Paris Air Show crash	France
country	The Unity for Human Rights Party (Albanian: Partia Bashkimi për të Drejtat e Njeriut, Greek: Κόμμα Ένωσης Ανθρωπίνων Δικαιωμάτων) is a centrist political party in Albania.	Unity for Human Rights Party	Albania
country	Vitasavci (Cyrillic: Витасовци) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vitasavci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Menntaskólinn í Reykjavík (often abbreviated MR; official name in English: Reykjavik Junior College) is the oldest junior college (Icelandic: Menntaskóli) in Reykjavík, Iceland.	Menntaskólinn í Reykjavík	Iceland
country	The Isclero is a stream in Campania, southern Italy.	Isclero	Italy
country	Garithaianik was a district of Siunik in the old Armenia, ruled by a local family whose main ruler was Nerseh Garithaiani c. 850	Garithaianik	Armenia
country	Malhamlu-ye Sofla (Persian: ملحملوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Malḩamlū-ye Soflá; also known as Malḩamlū-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Malhamlu-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The Château de Sanzay is a castle located near the village of Sanzay, in the commune of Argenton-les-Vallées in the Deux-Sèvres département of France.	Château de Sanzay	France
country	Getatagh (Armenian: Գետաթաղ, also Romanized as Getat’agh, Getatakh, and Getatag) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Getatagh	Armenia
country	In 1996 the Port Lockroy base was renovated and is now a museum and post office operated by the United Kingdom Antarctic Heritage Trust.	Port Lockroy	United Kingdom
country	Kingfest Music Festival, or Kingfest, is an annual three-day outdoor music festival hosted at the Seneca College campus in King City, Ontario, Canada.	Kingfest Music Festival	Canada
country	Strauman Church (Norwegian: Strauman kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county, Norway.	Strauman Church	Norway
country	Kruśliwiec (kruˈɕlivjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kruśliwiec	Poland
country	Frutigen District was a district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland with its seat at Frutigen.	Frutigen District	Switzerland
country	Warri South West is a Local Government Area in Delta State, Nigeria, it was created in 1997 and has its headquarters are in the town of Ogidigben.	Warri South West	Nigeria
country	Rettenstein is a part of the town St. Johann im Pongau in Salzburg (state), Austria.	Rettenstein	Austria
country	At its western end, Kenmount Road intersects Topsail Road and the Trans-Canada Highway, and has been extended into the Town of Paradise, where it runs into another road, McNamara Drive.	Kenmount Road	Canada
country	The Komata River is a river of New Zealand's North Island.	Komata River	New Zealand
country	The Luohu Port (simplified Chinese: 罗湖口岸, pinyin: Luóhú Kǒuàn) is a port of entry of the People's Republic of China (PRC), located in Luohu District of Shenzhen in China, on the border of China with Hong Kong.	Luohu Port	People's Republic of China
country	Monkey River Town (or Monkey River) is a village in the north of the Toledo District of the Central American nation of Belize.	Monkey River Town	Belize
country	Chutiana railway station (Urdu: چوتیانا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Chutiana village, Toba Tek Singh district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Chutiana railway station	Pakistan
country	Súðavík is a fishing village and municipality (Súðavíkurhreppur) on the west coast of Álftarfjörður in Westfjords, Iceland.	Súðavík	Iceland
country	Ruhabat is a town and capital of Ruhabat District in the Ahal Province of Turkmenistan.	Ruhabat	Turkmenistan
country	The Katskhi Monastery of Nativity of the Savior (Georgian: კაცხის მაცხოვრის შობის სახელობის მონასტერი), more commonly known as the Katskhi Monastery (კაცხის მონასტერი) is a medieval monastery in Georgia, located in the village of Katskhi near the town of Chiatura.	Katskhi Monastery	Georgia
country	Boulazac-Isle-Manoire is a commune in the Dordogne department of southwestern France.	Boulazac-Isle-Manoire	France
country	The Gauja River (estonian:Koiva jõgi; german:Livländische Aa) is a river in Vidzeme, Latvia.	Gauja	Latvia
country	Campo de Cartagena is a natural region (comarca) located in the Region of Murcia, in Spain.	Campo de Cartagena	Spain
country	Jalan Pangkalan Ikan Cendering, Federal Route is an institutional facilities federal roads in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia.	Jalan Pangkalan Ikan Cendering	Malaysia
country	Becherov is a municipality (village) in Slovakia in the Bardejov Districtin the Prešov Region near the border with Poland.	Becherov	Slovakia
country	Bajany (1370 Bajanhaza, 1439 Bayan, 1556 Rejdowa, 1786 Bonyesty, 1686 Resdowa) (German: Wajon; Hungarian: Bajánháza) is a village and municipality in the Michalovce District in the Košice Region of Slovakia.	Bajany	Slovakia
country	The Mother Cummings Peak is one of the prominent peaks on the Great Western Tiers located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.	Mother Cummings Peak	Australia
country	Kohneh Deh Shugai (Persian: كهنه ده شوگاي‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Deh Shūgāī) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Deh Shugai	Iran
country	Carib Aviation was an airline based in Antigua and Barbuda.	Carib Aviation	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Asylum Down is a district or neighborhood in Accra, Ghana, north of Castle Road and east of Barnes Road.	Asylum Down	Ghana
country	The Consorcio de Compensacion de Seguros is a compulsory Government catastrophic risk insurance in Spain.	Consorcio de Compensacion de Seguros	Spain
country	Polis University is a private for-profit university located in Tirana, Albania.	Polis University	Albania
country	Graphic Era University, formerly Graphic Era Institute of Technology, is a deemed university located in Clement Town, Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India.	Graphic Era University	India
country	Transport for New South Wales (TfNSW) is a statutory authority of the New South Wales Government that was created on 1 November 2011 to manage the transport services in the state of New South Wales in Australia.	Transport for New South Wales	Australia
country	The Kecskemét City Hall is the house of the main administration of the city of Kecskemét, Bács-Kiskun County, Hungary.	Kecskemét City Hall	Hungary
country	União das Freguesias de Aguçadoura e Navais is one of the seven civil parishes of Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.	Aguçadoura e Navais	Portugal
country	Katzwang, formerly a separate municipality, has been a part of Nuremberg in Bavaria, Germany, since 1 July 1972.	Katzwang	Germany
country	Shurabad-e Yek (Persian: شوراباد1‎, also Romanized as Shūrābād-e Yek; also known as Shūrābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shurabad-e Yek	Iran
country	Cape Manifold (22°41′S 150°50′E) is a coastal headland in central Queensland, Australia.	Cape Manifold	Australia
country	The Lavaux is a region in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland, in the district of Lavaux-Oron.	Lavaux	Switzerland
country	Tenorio Volcano National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Volcán Tenorio) is a National Park in the northern part of Costa Rica, which forms part of the Arenal Tilaran Conservation Area.	Tenorio Volcano National Park	Costa Rica
country	The Great Victoria Desert, an interim Australian bioregion, is a sparsely populated desert area in Western Australia and South Australia.	Great Victoria Desert	Australia
country	Egilshöll is a multi-purpose sports facility in Reykjavík, Iceland.	Egilshöll	Iceland
country	Götaplatsen is a public square in Gothenburg, Sweden, at the southern end of Avenyn, the city's main boulevard.	Götaplatsen	Sweden
country	Filzmoos is a town within the district of St. Johann im Pongau in the state of Salzburg, Austria.	Filzmoos	Austria
country	Endriga (variant: Coto de Buenamadre) is one of fifteen parishes (administrative divisions) in Somiedo, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Endriga	Spain
country	Zarafshan (Uzbek: Zarafshon / Зарафшон; Russian: Зарафшан) is a city of over 68,000 inhabitants (2009) in the center of Uzbekistan's Navoiy Region.	Zarafshan	Uzbekistan
country	Vrede is a town in the Free State province of South Africa that is the agricultural hub of a 100 km² region.	Vrede	South Africa
country	The Pepiri-Guazu River (Spanish Río Pepirí Guazú, Portuguese Rio Peperi Guaçu) is a river of Argentina and the Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.	Pepiri-Guazu River	Argentina	Brazil
country	Carn Marth (Cornish: Karn Margh) is the name of a hill in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, near Redruth.	Carn Marth	United Kingdom
country	Ishkhanasar (Armenian: Իշխանասար, also Romanized as Ishkanasar; formerly, Ghzljugh -- Armenian: Ղջլջուղ, also Romanized as Ghjljugh and Ghzyljugh; earlier, Kyzyldzhuk, Kyzyldzhug, Kizildzhuk, and Kizildzhug) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Ishkhanasar	Armenia
country	The Museum of Copenhagen (Danish: Københavns Bymuseum), founded in 1891, is the official museum of Copenhagen, Denmark, documenting the city's history from the 12th century to the present.	Museum of Copenhagen	Denmark
country	Jazovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Јазово, Hungarian: Hódegyháza) is a village in Serbia.	Jazovo	Serbia
country	Chilavannoor, or Chilavannur, is a high-value residential area of Cochin in the state of Kerala, India.	Chilavannoor	India
country	Balgö is an island and a nature reserve in Kattegat, off Tångaberg in Varberg Municipality, Sweden.	Balgö	Sweden
country	Prosečka Vas (Slovene: Prosečka vas, Hungarian: Kölesvölgy) is a village in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Prosečka Vas	Slovenia
country	Yunokomunarivsk (Ukrainian: Юнокомунарівськ, Russian: Юнокоммунаровск) is a city in Yenakiieve municipality, Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Yunokomunarivsk	Ukraine
country	Pohronský Inovec is a mountain range in Slovakia, part of the Slovenské stredohorie ranges of the Inner Western Carpathians.	Pohronský Inovec	Slovakia
country	The Ottawa Little Theatre, originally called the Ottawa Drama League at its inception in 1913, is the longest-running community theatre company in Canada.	Ottawa Little Theatre	Canada
country	Chupanan (Persian: چوپانان‎, also Romanized as Chūpānān) is a village in Chupanan Rural District, Anarak District, Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chupanan	Iran
country	Hulhumalé or Hulhulemale (Dhivehi: ހުޅުމާލެ) is a reclaimed island located in the south of North Male Atoll, Maldives.	Hulhumalé	Maldives
country	Udmat (pronounced (ˈuːdmat)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Udmat	Slovenia
country	The Severn Way is a waymarked long-distance footpath in the United Kingdom, which follows the course of the River Severn through Mid Wales and western England.	Severn Way	United Kingdom
country	The Royal Society of Medicine (RSM) is one of the major providers of accredited postgraduate medical education in the United Kingdom.	Royal Society of Medicine	United Kingdom
country	Saperavi (Georgian: საფერავი; literally ``paint, dye'' - due to its intensive dark-red colour) is an acidic, teinturier-type grape variety native to Georgia, where it is used to make many of the region's distinctive wines, along with the Alexandreuli and Rkatsiteli varieties.	Saperavi	Georgia
country	Canara Engineering College (CEC) is a tier 3 engineering college in Karnataka, India situated approximately 22 km from Mangalore in the surroundings of Benjanapadavu.	Canara Engineering College	India
country	The Faïencerie de Gien is a faience (or earthenware) factory in Gien, France.	Faïencerie de Gien	France
country	Térraba River (Spanish: Río Grande de Térraba), in the southern Brunca region of Costa Rica, is the largest river in that country.	Térraba River	Costa Rica
country	Ljosanbotn Station (Norwegian: Ljosanbotn stasjon) is a railway station on the Bergensbanen railway line located at Ljosanbotn in the Raundalen valley in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county, Norway.	Ljosanbotn Station	Norway
country	Seitseminen National Park (Finnish: Seitsemisen kansallispuisto) is located in the municipalities of Ikaalinen and Ylöjärvi in Finland.	Seitseminen National Park	Finland
country	Rebun Island (礼文島, Rebun-tō; Ainu: Repun) is an island in the Sea of Japan off the northwestern tip of Hokkaidō, Japan.	Rebun Island	Japan
country	Arnavutköy (meaning ``Albanian village'' in Turkish; Greek: Μέγα Ρεύμα, Méga Révma) is a historic neighbourhood in Istanbul, Turkey, famous for its wooden Ottoman mansions and seafood restaurants, as well as the campus of the prestigious Robert College with its centennial buildings.	Arnavutköy	Turkey
country	Vilnius (Lithuanian pronunciation: (ˈvʲɪlʲnʲʊs); Polish: Wilno, see also other names) is the capital of Lithuania and its largest city, with a population of 542,664 as of 2015.	Vilnius	Lithuania
country	Tengréla Department (also spelled Tingréla) is a department of Bagoué Region in Savanes District, Ivory Coast.	Tengréla Department	Ivory Coast
country	Punakaiki is a small community on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand, between Westport and Greymouth.	Punakaiki	New Zealand
country	The Polideportivo Islas Malvinas is an indoor arena located in Mar del Plata, Argentina which was built for the XII Pan American Games in 1995.	Polideportivo Islas Malvinas	Argentina
country	Cape Farewell Archipelago (also Nunap Isua Archipelago) is located in Kujalleq municipality, Greenland.	Cape Farewell Archipelago	Greenland
country	The Valkyr Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located on the east side of Lower Arrow Lake west of Nelson.	Valkyr Range	Canada
country	Waku-Kungo (before 1975 Santa Comba, also Waco Kungo) is a town located in Cuanza Sul Province in Angola.	Waku-Kungo	Angola
country	Hammersberg Skanse/Terningen Skanse is a small fortification situated approximately 2km west of Elverum town centre (Elverumsleiret) in Hedmark, in south west Norway.	Hammersberg Skanse	Norway
country	Nawe Kele is village located in District Swat Valley, Union Council Kota, Tehsil Barikot, Pakistan.	Nawe Kele	Pakistan
country	Bratushkovo (Bulgarian: Братушково) is a village in Slivnitsa Municipality, Sofia Province, located in western Bulgaria approximately 8 km south-west of the town of Slivnitsa.	Bratushkovo	Bulgaria
country	Riga Zoo is a city-owned zoo in Riga, Latvia.	Riga Zoo	Latvia
country	Myślniew (ˈmɨɕlɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Myślniew	Poland
country	Parabanks Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located in the major shopping area of Salisbury, a suburb in the northern part of Metropolitan Adelaide, South Australia.	Parabanks Shopping Centre	Australia
country	The Gelehrtenschule des Johanneums (translation: Academic School of the Johanneum, short: Johanneum) is a Gymnasium (or Grammar School ) in Hamburg, Germany.	Gelehrtenschule des Johanneums	Germany
country	The Wallarah 2 Coal Project (or W2CP) is a proposal by the Korea Resources Corporation or KORES (owned by the South Korean government and other Korean and Japanese mining companies that comprise the Wyong Areas Coal Joint Venture) to construct a longwall mine near Wyong, New South Wales, Australia.	Wallarah 2 Coal Project	Australia
country	The Red Location Museum is an Apartheid museum in New Brighton township of Port Elizabeth, South Africa.	Red Location Museum	South Africa
country	Chemax, the Mayan word meaning ``tree of monkeys'', is a town located in the east of Yucatán State, Mexico.	Chemax	Mexico
country	Anyuan District (simplified Chinese: 安源区; traditional Chinese: 安源區; pinyin: Ānyuán Qū) is a district of the city of Pingxiang, Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Anyuan District	People's Republic of China
country	Boskop is a village 16 km north of Potchefstroom, renowned as the site of the discovery in 1913 of the first fossil skull found in South Africa.	Boskop	South Africa
country	Estación San Bernardo, is a railway station of the Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado, located in San Bernardo, Chile.	Estación San Bernardo	Chile
country	Walking possession refers to the legal practice in the United Kingdom under which a bailiff takes possession of the goods of a defaulting debtor, but does not remove the goods.	Walking possession	United Kingdom
country	Jalal-Abad (also spelled Dzhalal-Abad, Djalal-Abat, Jalalabat; Kyrgyz: Жалал-Aбат (dʒɑlɑlɑbɑt)) is the administrative and economic centre of Jalal-Abad Region in southwestern Kyrgyzstan, with a population of about 89,000.	Jalal-Abad	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Central Sava Valley (Slovene: Zasavje) is a valley in the Sava Hills and a geographic region along the Sava in central Slovenia, now constituting the Central Sava Statistical Region.	Central Sava Valley	Slovenia
country	Hook Head (Irish: Rinn Duáin) is a headland in County Wexford, Ireland located on the east side of the estuary of the three sisters rivers (the Nore, Suir and the Barrow).	Hook Head	Ireland
country	The Campeonato Amazonense, officially Campeonato Amazonense de Futebol Profissional, is the football championship for professional clubs of the state of Amazonas, Brazil.	Campeonato Amazonense	Brazil
country	Kretlewo (krɛˈtlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kretlewo	Poland
country	The Erbeskopf is a mountain in the Hunsrück range in central Germany.	Erbeskopf	Germany
country	The National Crime Agency (NCA) is a national law enforcement agency in the United Kingdom which replaced the Serious Organised Crime Agency.	National Crime Agency	United Kingdom
country	Weelde Air Base (ICAO: EBWE) is a NATO reserve airfield located in Weelde, a village in the Ravels municipality in Belgium.	Weelde Air Base	Belgium
country	Chiyyaram is a place lies in the outskirts of Thrissur City of Kerala, South India.	Chiyyaram	India
country	Sanjay Gandhi Jaivik Udyan (also known as Sanjay Gandhi Botanical and Zoological Garden or Patna Zoo) is located off Bailey Road in Patna, Bihar, India.	Sanjay Gandhi Jaivik Udyan	India
country	Parczówek (parˈt͡ʂuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Parczówek	Poland
country	Arjunesvara Siva Temple is a 12th Century A.D. temple in Bhubaneswar, in the state of Orissa, India.	Arjunesvara Siva Temple	India
country	Oloibiri is a small community in Ogbia LGA located in Bayelsa State, in the eastern Niger Delta region of Nigeria.	Oloibiri	Nigeria
country	Puurijärvi-Isosuo National Park (Finnish: Puurijärven ja Isosuon kansallispuisto) is a national park in the Pirkanmaa and Satakunta regions of Finland.	Puurijärvi-Isosuo National Park	Finland
country	Manukau Harbour is the second largest natural harbour in New Zealand by area.	Manukau Harbour	New Zealand
country	Nieborów (ɲeˈbɔruf) is a village in Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nieborów	Poland
country	Pedakapavaram is a village in the mandal of Akividu in the West Godavari district of the state of Andhra Pradesh in southern India.	Pedakapavaram	India
country	Stare Kiełcze (ˈstarɛ ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Kiełcze	Poland
country	Challenger Harbour is a marina in Fremantle, Western Australia, adjacent to the Fishing Boat Harbour.	Challenger Harbour	Australia
country	Novoaltaysk (Russian: Новоалта́йск) is a town in Altai Krai, Russia, located on the right bank of the Ob River, in the lower reaches of its right tributary the Chesnokovka, 12 kilometers (7.5 mi) across from Barnaul, the administrative center of the krai.	Novoaltaysk	Russia
country	Danish Runic Inscription 48 or DR 48 is the Rundata catalog number for a Viking Age memorial runestone from Hanning, which is about eight kilometers north of Skjern, Denmark.	Danish Runic Inscription 48	Denmark
country	Founded in 1874 as ``Ontario Ladies' College'', Trafalgar Castle School is one of the oldest independent schools in Canada and the second-oldest girls' school in Ontario.	Trafalgar Castle School	Canada
country	Mata Bhavani's Stepwell or Mata Bhavani ni Vav is a stepwell in Asarwa area of Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Mata Bhavani's Stepwell	India
country	Templos (Greek: Τέμπλος, Turkish: Zeytinlik) is a village in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus, thought to be named by the Knights Templar.	Templos	Cyprus
country	Khartusi (Persian: خرطوسي‎, also Romanized as Kharţūsī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khartusi	Iran
country	Cizrespor is a sports club located in Cizre, a city in Şırnak Province, Turkey.	Cizrespor	Turkey
country	Živalji (Cyrillic: Живаљи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Živalji	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Velika Ivanča (Serbian pronunciation: (ʋělikaː ǐʋantʃa)) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.	Velika Ivanča	Serbia
country	Phepheng, also known as Phepeng, Draaihoek or Draihoek, is a village in Kgalagadi District of Botswana.	Phepheng	Botswana
country	Hanvec (Breton: Hañveg) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northeastern France.	Hanvec	France
country	Tobog is a barangay in the first class municipality of Oas, Province of Albay, Bicol Region, Philippines.	Tobog	Philippines
country	Cabaret Mechanical Theatre is an organisation that mounts exhibitions around the world of contemporary automata by a collective of artists based in the United Kingdom.	Cabaret Mechanical Theatre	United Kingdom
country	Ribnica na Pohorju (pronounced (ˈɾiːbnitsa na ˈpoːxɔɾju)) is a settlement and a municipality in northern Slovenia.	Ribnica na Pohorju	Slovenia
country	Chah Sahari (Persian: چاه صحاري‎, also Romanized as Chāh Şaḩārī; also known as Chāh Sārī) is a village in Khamir Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah Sahari	Iran
country	Sacred Heart College Middle School is an all-boys school founded in 1967 in Mitchell Park, Adelaide, South Australia that serves boys in Years 6 to 9.	Sacred Heart College Middle School	Australia
country	Male Pijace (in Serbian Cyrillic: Мале Пијаце, in Hungarian: Kispiac) is a village in Serbia.	Male Pijace	Serbia
country	Gosling Creek Dam is a decommissioned minor earth and rock fill with clay core embankment dam with concrete chute spillway across the Gosling Creek upstream of Orange in the central western region of New South Wales, Australia.	Gosling Creek Dam	Australia
country	The Colossal Statue of Shapur I, a statue of Shapur I (AD 240--272), the second king of the Sassanid Empire, stands in the so-called Shapur cave, a huge limestone cave located about 6 km from the ancient city of Bishapur in the south of Iran.	Colossal Statue of Shapur I	Iran
country	Jośki (ˈjɔɕki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jośki	Poland
country	Owkhchi (Persian: اوخچي‎, also Romanized as Owkhchī and Ūkhchī) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Owkhchi	Iran
country	The Bunkamura is a concert hall, theater and museum located in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan, operated by Tokyu Group.	Bunkamura	Japan
country	Ain Elzarga Wetland is a Ramsar-protected wetland of Libya.	Ain Elzarga Wetland	Libya
country	Lanisso Bay is a bay off the southwestern corner of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.	Lanisso Bay	Papua New Guinea
country	The Canoe River train crash occurred on November 21, 1950, near Valemount in eastern British Columbia, Canada, when a westbound troop train and the eastbound Canadian National Railway (CNR) Continental Limited collided head-on.	Canoe River train crash	Canada
country	The Scala dei Turchi (Italian: ``Stair of the Turks'') is a rocky cliff on the coast of Realmonte, near Porto Empedocle, southern Sicily, Italy.	Scala dei Turchi	Italy
country	Bocskaikert is a village situated in the north-east part of Hungary, 15 km (9 mi) away from Debrecen, the country's second largest town.	Bocskaikert	Hungary
country	Ban Xang Khong or Ban Sang Khong is a village in Luang Prabang Province, Laos.	Ban Xang Khong	Laos
country	The Sabugal Castle is a castle in the city of Sabugal, near the Côa river, in central Portugal.	Sabugal Castle	Portugal
country	The Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature (Norwegian: Norges Naturvernforbund), also known as Friends of the Earth Norway and commonly abbreviated NNV is the largest Norwegian environmental organization with approximately 20,000 members.	Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature	Norway
country	Dalarik (Armenian: Դալարիկ; until 1965, Mastara) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Dalarik	Armenia
country	Kretomino (krɛtɔˈminɔ) (formerly German Krettmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Manowo, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kretomino	Poland
country	Yozgat is a city and the capital district of Yozgat province in the Central Anatolia Region of Turkey.	Yozgat	Turkey
country	Ścinawka Średnia (ɕt͡ɕiˈnafka ˈɕrɛdɲa) (German: Mittelsteine) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ścinawka Średnia	Poland
country	Obrežje pri Zidanem Mostu (pronounced (ɔˈbɾeːʒjɛ pɾi ˈziːdanɛm ˈmoːstu)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Obrežje pri Zidanem Mostu	Slovenia
country	Elazığ (Turkish pronunciation: (eˈlazɯː)) ) is a city in Eastern Anatolia, Turkey, and the administrative center of Elazığ Province.	Elazığ	Turkey
country	Ayuncha is a municipality and village in the Loreto Department in the Province of Santiago del Estero in Argentina.	Ayuncha	Argentina
country	The Brantental, also Brandental, is a valley in South Tyrol, Italy, stretching from Laives to Deutschnofen.	Brantental	Italy
country	Aigani (Greek: Αιγάνη) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Kato Olympos, which is part of the municipality of Tempi in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Aigani	Greece
country	Federal Penitentiary Service (FSIN of Russia, in Russian: Федеральная служба исполнения наказаний, ФСИН России Federalnaya Sluzhba Ispolneniya Nakazaniy, FSIN Rossii ``Russian Federal Service of punishment fulfillment'') - is the official name of the Russian federal prison authority responsible for security and maintenance of prisons in Russia.	Federal Penitentiary Service	Russia
country	Shabestar (Persian: شبستر‎; also known as Chabiastar, Shabiastar, and Shabistar) is a city in and the capital of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shabestar	Iran
country	The Dangar Falls is a cascade waterfall located across the Bielsdown River about 1.2 km (0.7 mi) north of Dorrigo in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia.	Dangar Falls	Australia
country	The Eloise Copper Mine is a copper mine located in eastern Australia in Queensland, 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Cloncurry and 50 kilometres (31 mi) of McKinlay, in the vicinity of Mount Isa.	Eloise Copper Mine	Australia
country	The Government of Uttar Pradesh is a democratically elected body in India with the Governor as its constitutional head.	Government of Uttar Pradesh	India
country	Bērzkalne parish (Latvian: Bērzkalnes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Balvi Municipality, Latvia.	Bērzkalne parish	Latvia
country	Chah-e Sam (Persian: چاه سم‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Sam) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Sam	Iran
country	Hua Hum Pass (Spanish: Paso Hua Hum Spanish pronunciation: (waˈum), Pronounced: /wɑːuːm/ WAH-oom) is an international mountain pass in the Andes between Chile and Argentina.	Hua Hum Pass	Chile	Argentina
country	University of Stellenbosch Business School (USB) is the business school of the University of Stellenbosch in Bellville, Western Cape, South Africa.	University of Stellenbosch Business School	South Africa
country	Jug II is a city district of Osijek, Croatia.	Jug II	Croatia
country	Çlirim (Albanian for ``liberation'') is a village and a former municipality in the Korçë County, southeastern Albania.	Çlirim	Albania
country	Arad International Airport (IATA: ARW, ICAO: LRAR) is located 4 km (2.5 mi) west of Arad, in western Romania, in the historical region of Crișana.	Arad International Airport	Romania
country	Knutbühren is a village in southern Lower Saxony, Germany.	Knutbühren	Germany
country	The Rosebel Gold Mine is jointly owned by IAMGOLD (95%) and the Government of Suriname (5%).	Rosebel Gold Mine	Suriname
country	Céligny is a municipality in the canton of Geneva, Switzerland.	Céligny	Switzerland
country	Kołobrzeg (kɔˈwɔbʐɛk) (German: Kolberg ( listen)) is a city in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland with some 47,000 inhabitants (as of 2014).	Kołobrzeg	Poland
country	Karanac (Hungarian: Karancs; Serbian Cyrillic: Kapaнaц) is a settlement in the region of Baranja, Croatia.	Karanac	Croatia
country	Wiener Neustadt East Airport (German: Flugplatz Wiener Neustadt/Ost) (ICAO: LOAN) is an airport serving Wiener Neustadt, a city in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Wiener Neustadt East Airport	Austria
country	Al-Bilaliyah (Arabic: البلالية‎, also spelled ''Bilaliyeh) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located east of Damascus city.	Al-Bilaliyah	Syria
country	Rrapshë (also known as Rrapshë-Starë) is a settlement in the former Kastrat Municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Rrapshë	Albania
country	Cai Cai Camp (also known as Cai Cai Special Forces Camp or Dan Chu Camp) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base northwest of Bình Thạnh Đông on the Plain of Reeds in southern Vietnam.	Cai Cai Camp	Vietnam
country	Oulu University Hospital (OUH, Finnish: Oulun yliopistollinen sairaala, OYS) is a university hospital in Oulu, Finland.	Oulu University Hospital	Finland
country	Mannathara is a small village in the Idukki District of Kerala on the southwest coast of India, located in the high ranges of the Western Ghats.	Mannathara	India
country	Government Muslim High School (Bengali: সরকারী মুসলিম উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a government high school in Chittagong, Bangladesh, situated in the Chittagong court hill area.	Government Muslim High School	Bangladesh
country	The Mosgiel Woollen Mill is situated in Mosgiel, Dunedin, New Zealand, and was opened in 1871.	Mosgiel Woollen Mill	New Zealand
country	Krzyż Wielkopolski (ˈkʂɨʂ vʲɛlkɔˈpɔlskʲi) (German: Kreuz) is a town in Poland, with 6,317 inhabitants (2004) in Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodship.	Krzyż Wielkopolski	Poland
country	Established in 1897, Muritai School is state primary in Eastbourne, Lower Hutt, New Zealand.	Muritai School	New Zealand
country	Grmljani (Serbian Cyrillic: Грмљани) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grmljani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Masinan (Persian: مسينان‎, also Romanized as Masīnān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masinan	Iran
country	The Ngapara and Tokarahi Branches were two connected railway branch lines in northern Otago, New Zealand, part of the national rail network.	Ngapara and Tokarahi Branches	New Zealand
country	Postojna (pronounced (pɔˈstoːi̯na); German: Adelsberg, Italian: Postumia) is a town in the traditional region of Inner Carniola, 35 kilometers (22 mi) from Trieste, in southwestern Slovenia.	Postojna	Slovenia
country	Deh Balai (Persian: ده بالايي‎, also Romanized as Deh Bālā’ī) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deh Balai	Iran
country	Eastmain River Airport, (IATA: ZEM, ICAO: CZEM), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) southwest of Eastmain, Quebec, Canada.	Eastmain River Airport	Canada
country	The Altân Tepe mine was a large mine in the east of Romania in Tulcea County, 63 km southwest of Tulcea and 215 km north-east of the capital, Bucharest.	Altân Tepe mine	Romania
country	Chal Ashkuh (Persian: چال اشكوه‎, also Romanized as Chāl Ashkūh, Chālāshkūh, Chāl Ashkū, Chāl Eshkūh, and Chalisih) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chal Ashkuh	Iran
country	Niewirków-Kolonia (ɲeˈvirkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Niewirków-Kolonia	Poland
country	Assab International Airport (IATA: ASA, ICAO: HHSB) is an international airport in Assab, the capital of the Southern Red Sea region of Eritrea.	Assab International Airport	Eritrea
country	The Yenisei Gulf and all its islands belong to the Krasnoyarsk Krai administrative division of the Russian Federation and is part of the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve, the largest nature reserve of Russia.	Yenisei Gulf	Russia
country	Daravaram is a village in Chagallu mandalam, West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh state in India.	Daravaram	India
country	Papal Seminary, Pune, India, is a Catholic educational institute, primarily meant for the training of future priests of India.	Papal Seminary	India
country	Bjølsen is a neighbourhood in the Sagene borough in central-northern Oslo, Norway.	Bjølsen	Norway
country	Jikharra (إجخرة Ijkharrah) is a desert oasis town in the Al Wahat District, Cyrenaica region, in north-eastern Libya.	Jikharra	Libya
country	Nemški Rovt (pronounced (ˈneːmʃki ˈroːu̯t); in older sources also Nemški Rut, German: Deutschruth) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Nemški Rovt	Slovenia
country	Høng is a town with a population of 4,311 (1 January 2015) and a former municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region Sjælland near the west coast of the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in Denmark.	Høng	Denmark
country	Zabok is a town and municipality situated in northwest Croatia in the Krapina-Zagorje County.	Zabok	Croatia
country	The Tenorio River in Costa Rica rises near the Tenorio Volcano where it becomes a fast moving river, with some areas of rapids popular for white-water rafting and flows to join the Corobicí River.	Tenorio River	Costa Rica
country	Kila Raipur is a noted village of Ludhiana district in Punjab, India as it hosts the annual Kila Raipur Sports Festival, known as the Rural Olympics.	Kila Raipur	India
country	Gogaran (Armenian: Գոգարան; formerly, Gëran) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Gogaran	Armenia
country	Phura is an important and census town in Mara Autonomous District Council (MADC) in southern part of Mizoram state in Northeast India.	Phura	India
country	Red Flag Mangyongdae Revolutionary School is an elite school in Mangyongdae district, Pyongyang, North Korea.	Red Flag Mangyongdae Revolutionary School	North Korea
country	Pisheh Var (Persian: پيشه ور‎, also Romanized as Pīsheh Var; also known as Pīseh Var and Pīshevar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pisheh Var	Iran
country	Alvøen or Alvøy is a manor house located on a historic industrial site in the Laksevåg borough of the city of Bergen, Norway.	Alvøen	Norway
country	Rodney Bay is a bay on Saint Lucia; it is along the northwestern coast of the island to the north of Choc Bay.	Rodney Bay	Saint Lucia
country	CSA Steaua București (Clubul Sportiv al Armatei Steaua -- English: Army Sports Club Steaua) is a Romanian sports society from Bucharest, Romania run by the Ministry of National Defence of Romania.	CSA Steaua București	Romania
country	Metropolitan Redevelopment Authority (MRA) is a statutory authority of the Government of Western Australia.	Metropolitan Redevelopment Authority	Australia
country	Danish Abad (pronounced ``Daan-ish Aab-aad''), literally ``town of intellect'', is a suburb town of Peshawar the capital city of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan.	Danish Abad	Pakistan
country	Bueng Kok (Thai: บึงกอก) is a sub-district in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Bueng Kok	Thailand
country	Wager Bay (previously: Wager River) is long narrow inlet in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada which opens east into Roes Welcome Sound at the northwest end of Hudson Bay.	Wager Bay	Canada
country	Monte Morello is the highest mountain (3065 ft.) in the Florentine valley, Italy.	Monte Morello	Italy
country	The Gola Dzierżoniowska Castle (German: Schloss Guhlau) erected in the second half of the 16th century is situated in the village of Gola Dzierżoniowska (Dzierżoniów County), in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Gola Dzierżoniowska Castle	Poland
country	The Ulúa River (Spanish: Río Ulúa, Spanish pronunciation: (ˈri.o uˈlu.a)) is a river in western Honduras.	Ulúa River	Honduras
country	The Bhede River is a river in India, and is a tributary of the Telen River.	Bhede River	India
country	The İvriz relief is a Hittite rock relief in south-central Anatolia, located in the town of Aydınkent, formerly called İvriz (modern Turkey, Konya Province, about 17 km south-east of the modern town of Ereğli).	İvriz relief	Turkey
country	The Antwerp Maritime Academy (Dutch: Hogere Zeevaartschool Antwerpen) is a university college in Belgium, located in the north of Antwerp.	Antwerp Maritime Academy	Belgium
country	Mowtowr-e Mir Huti Naruyi (Persian: موتورميرهوتي نارويي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mīr Hūtī Nārūyī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Mir Huti Naruyi	Iran
country	In May 2007 The Times newspaper reported that police had found a crystal meth factory in Stoney Middleton, in a rented industrial unit in the Rock Hill business park; it was the largest such facility discovered in the United Kingdom at the time.	Stoney Middleton	United Kingdom
country	The AACTA Award for Best Costume Design is an accolade given by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA), a non-profit organisation whose aim is to ``identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television.''	AACTA Award for Best Costume Design	Australia
country	Miedniki (mjɛdˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Miedniki	Poland
country	Darza (Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic: Дарза) is a village in the Ulcinj Municipality, southeastern Montenegro.	Darza	Montenegro
country	The Moose Jaw City Hall is home to the Moose Jaw City Council and is located at 228 Main Street North in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada, and is designated as a municipal heritage property.	Moose Jaw City Hall	Canada
country	Dương Thủy is a rural commune (xã) in the Lệ Thủy District, Quảng Bình Province, North Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Dương Thủy	Vietnam
country	Simfy Music was a music subscription service available in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and South Africa.	Simfy	Germany
country	Hanková (Hungarian: Annafalva) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Hanková	Slovakia
country	Alladale Wilderness Reserve is currently the United Kingdom's largest wilderness engineering and rewilding area.	Alladale Wilderness Reserve	United Kingdom
country	Palanganeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان پلنگانه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Palanganeh Rural District	Iran
country	As Sayliyah Army Base (Arabic:قاعدة السيلية العسكرية) is a United States Army base located outside Doha, Qatar.	As Sayliyah Army Base	Qatar
country	Hefeng County (simplified Chinese: 鹤峰县; traditional Chinese: 鶴峰縣; pinyin: Hèfēng Xiàn) is a county in the southwestern part of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, bordering Hunan province to the south.	Hefeng County	People's Republic of China
country	Kangalanchery is a small village located near Thiruvarur, India known for its paddy fields and temples.	Kangalanchery	India
country	Kapurthala (Punjabi: ਕਪੂਰਥਲਾ) is a city in Punjab state of India.	Kapurthala	India
country	Tanjungpura is a name of a small town in Ketapang Regency of West Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Tanjungpura	Indonesia
country	Mont Mégantic is a monadnock located in Québec, Canada, about 15 km north of the border between Québec and the U.S. states of Maine and New Hampshire.	Mont Mégantic	Canada
country	Saticula was a Samnite city near the frontier of Campania, southern Italy.	Saticula	Italy
country	Tromsø University Museum is the oldest scientific institution in North-Norway.	Tromsø University Museum	Norway
country	The Nili Tower is a 57-floor tower in the Jumeirah Village in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Nili Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	Trévou-Tréguignec (Breton: An Trevoù) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Trévou-Tréguignec	France
country	On 15 January 1974 the foundation stone of Narendra Dev University of Agriculture and Technology was led by the prime minister of India late Smt.	Narendra Dev University of Agriculture and Technology	India
country	The Internationaler Sozialistischer Kampfbund (ISK; ``International Socialist Militant League'') was a socialist split-off from the SPD during the Weimar Republic and was active in the German Resistance against Nazism.	Internationaler Sozialistischer Kampfbund	Weimar Republic
country	Khundab (Persian: خونداب‎, also Romanized as Khūndāb; also known as Kondāb) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Mehrdasht District, Najafabad County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Khundab	Iran
country	Avagun (Persian: اوگون‎, also Romanized as Āvagūn) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Avagun	Iran
country	Renforth Gateway is a planned GO Transit bus station at Eglinton Avenue and Renforth Drive in northeastern Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Renforth Gateway	Canada
country	Wilczęta (vilˈt͡ʂɛnta) (German: Deutschendorf) is a village in Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wilczęta	Poland
country	Bonalbo, a rural village in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia, is located 815 kilometres (506 mi) north-east of Sydney.	Bonalbo	Australia
country	Rundle Park, also known as Park 13 or by its Kaurna name Kadlitpina/Kadlitpinna, is a part of the Adelaide Parklands in southern Australia.	Rundle Park	Australia
country	Wydzierów (vɨˈd͡ʑeruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wydzierów	Poland
country	The Hervey Range is a large mountain range about 39 kilometres (24 mi) north of Townsville, in Queensland, Australia.	Hervey Range	Australia
country	Kosowy (kɔˈsɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niwiska, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kosowy	Poland
country	Arcos Bosques is an office and shopping complex in Bosques de las Lomas, Cuajimalpa borough, Mexico City, very close to the Santa Fe business district.	Arcos Bosques	Mexico
country	The Manambolo River is a river in the highlands of Madagascar, located 130km west of Antananarivo.	Manambolo River	Madagascar
country	Tetovo (Macedonian: Тетово, (ˈtɛtɔvɔ); Albanian: Tetovë/Tetova; Turkish: Kalkandelen) is a city in the northwestern part of Macedonia, built on the foothills of Šar Mountain and divided by the Pena River.	Tetovo	Macedonia
country	The Hamburger Segel-Club (Hamburger Sailing Club) (HSC), is one of the oldest and most active sailing clubs in Germany.	Hamburger Segel-Club	Germany
country	The University of Kelaniya (Sinhalese: කැළණිය විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය, Tamil: களனி பல்கலைக்கழகம்) is a state university of Sri Lanka.	University of Kelaniya	Sri Lanka
country	Drogen is a municipality in Germany in the Thuringian landkreis of Altenburger Land and belongs to the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft of the same name.	Drogen	Germany
country	Mošorin (Serbian Cyrillic: Мошорин) is a village in Serbia.	Mošorin	Serbia
country	Sorapiss, also referred to as Sorapis or Punta Sorapiss, is a mountain in the Dolomites within the Veneto region of northern Italy.	Sorapiss	Italy
country	Nagyhuta (Slovak: Veľká Huta) is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Hungary.	Nagyhuta	Hungary
country	The Carnival of Viareggio (Italian: Carnevale di Viareggio) is a carnival event yearly held in the Tuscan city of Viareggio, in Italy.	Carnival of Viareggio	Italy
country	Patoc is a little studied strongly fumarolic stratovolcano in the Philippines.	Patoc	Philippines
country	Kranaia was one of the provinces of Cephalonia Prefecture of Greece.	Kranaia	Greece
country	São Cristóvão (officially named Imperial de São Cristóvão) is a traditional neighborhood located in North of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Imperial de São Cristóvão	Brazil
country	Parsęta (German: Persante) is a river in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship (Zachodniopomorskie) of north-western Poland, a tributary of the Baltic Sea, with a length of 132 km (82 mi) and a basin area of 3,151 km2 (1,217 sq mi).	Parsęta	Poland
country	Dinskaya (Russian: Динская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Dinskoy District in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Dinskaya	Russia
country	Pukkila (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈpukkila)) (Swedish: Buckila) is a municipality of Finland.	Pukkila	Finland
country	Qushqovan-e Vosta (Persian: قوشقوان وسطي‎, also Romanized as Qūshqovān-e Vosţá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qushqovan-e Vosta	Iran
country	Gołoniwy (ɡɔwɔˈnivɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gołoniwy	Poland
country	Bielicha (bjɛˈlixa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bielicha	Poland
country	Gan Sorek (Hebrew: גַּן שׂוֹרֵק, lit. Sorek Garden) is a moshav in central Israel.	Gan Sorek	Israel
country	Lake Wallace is a freshwater lake located in Edenhope in the Western District of Victoria, Australia.	Lake Wallace	Australia
country	Stongfjorden Chapel (Norwegian: Stongfjorden bedehuskapell) is a chapel in Gaular Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Stongfjorden Chapel	Norway
country	Ballincollig (Irish: Baile an Chollaigh) is a satellite town and largest town (not including Cork City) in County Cork, Ireland, approximately 9 km west of Cork city.	Ballincollig	Ireland
country	Les Pontins (el. 1110 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.	Les Pontins	Switzerland
country	Hilgert in the Kannenbäckerland is an Ortsgemeinde -- a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde -- in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Hilgert	Germany
country	The Majestic Centre, designed by Jack Manning of Manning Mitchell in association with Kendon McGrail of Jasmax Architects and completed in 1991, is the tallest building in Wellington, New Zealand.	Majestic Centre	New Zealand
country	Paulstown (Irish: Baile Phóil) is a small village in County Kilkenny in Ireland.	Paulstown	Ireland
country	Teatua a Taepoa or Teatua-a-Taepoa, is an islet of Nanumea atoll, Tuvalu.	Teatua a Taepoa	Tuvalu
country	Postomino (pɔstɔˈminɔ) (formerly German Pustamin) is a village in Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Postomino	Poland
country	Kalmar is a city in the southeast of Sweden, situated by the Baltic Sea.	Kalmar	Sweden
country	Nowy Staw (ˈnɔvɨ ˈstaf) (German: Neuteich; Kashubian: Nytëch) is a small town in northern Poland on the Święta river in the Żuławy region, with 3 896 inhabitants (2004).	Nowy Staw	Poland
country	General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China General Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China General Office of the Central Military Commission	General Office	People's Republic of China
country	Bada Valley or Napu Valley, located in the Lore Lindu National Park in Central Sulawesi, Indonesia, contains hundreds of megaliths going back to the 14th century.	Bada Valley	Indonesia
country	Dwernik (ˈdvɛrɲik) (Ukrainian: Дверник, Dvernyk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Dwernik	Poland
country	Mayen is a town in the Mayen-Koblenz District of the Rhineland-Palatinate Federal State of Germany, in the eastern part of the Volcanic Eifel Region.	Mayen	Germany
country	Röcken is a village and former municipality in the Burgenlandkreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Röcken	Germany
country	Auckland Grammar School is a state secondary school for years 9 to 13 boys in Auckland, New Zealand.	Auckland Grammar School	New Zealand
country	Figure skating at the 2014 Winter Olympics was held at the Iceberg Skating Palace in Sochi, Russia.	Figure skating at the 2014 Winter Olympics	Russia
country	Mokotów Prison (Polish: Więzienie mokotowskie, also known as Rakowiecka Prison) is a prison in Warsaw's borough of Mokotów, Poland, located at 37 Rakowiecka Street.	Mokotów Prison	Poland
country	Leżachów-Osada (lɛˈʐaxuf ɔˈsada) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Leżachów-Osada	Poland
country	The Victor Civita Latin American Library (in Portuguese Biblioteca Latino-Americana Victor Civita) is a public library of the city of São Paulo, Brazil.	Victor Civita Latin American Library	Brazil
country	Delak is the district center of Dawlat Yar district, Ghor Province, Afghanistan.	Delak	Afghanistan
country	Khonak (Persian: خنك‎, also Romanized as Khonok; also known as Gunak and Jonak) is a village in Sefidar Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khonak	Iran
country	The Thuringian Forest Nature Park (German: Naturpark Thüringer Wald) is one of the two nature parks in the state of Thuringia, Germany.	Thuringian Forest Nature Park	Germany
country	Przemystka (pʂɛˈmɨstka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Przemystka	Poland
country	Playa Zipolite is a beach community located in San Pedro Pochutla municipality on the southern coast of Oaxaca state in Mexico between Huatulco and Puerto Escondido.	Playa Zipolite	Mexico
country	Tripoli Municipal Stadium is a 22,000 capacity multi-use stadium in Tripoli, Lebanon.	Tripoli Municipal Stadium	Lebanon
country	Ytterbyn is a village in Kalix Municipality in the county of Norrbotten in Sweden.	Ytterbyn	Sweden
country	Lamana Hotel is a hotel in Waigani, Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea, located near the St John Guise Stadium.	Lamana Hotel	Papua New Guinea
country	Hiidenniemi beacon tower (Hiidenniemen pooki in Finnish) was a historic daymark tower on the northern coast of Hailuoto island in Gulf of Bothnia in Finland.	Hiidenniemi beacon tower	Finland
country	The Schänzel Tower was erected in 1874 a result of Germany's nationalistic fervour after her victory in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870/71.	Schänzel Tower	Germany
country	The Pointe du Van (Breton: Beg ar Vann, French: Pointe du Van, 48°03′48``N 4°42′55''W) is a promontory that extends into the Atlantic from western Brittany, in France.	Pointe du Van	France
country	Lenhovda IF is a Swedish sports association, located in Lenhovda, Sweden and founded in 1928.	Lenhovda IF	Sweden
country	Jacquemart Island, one of the islets surrounding Campbell Island in New Zealand, lies 1 km (0.62 mi) south of Campbell Island and is the southernmost island of New Zealand.	Jacquemart Island	New Zealand
country	Gzów (ɡzuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gzów	Poland
country	Avedørelejren is a former military base in Avedøre, Hvidovre Municipality, some 10 km west of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Avedørelejren	Denmark
country	Greenly Island Conservation Park is a protected area associated with Greenly Island located off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 70 kilometres (43 mi) west of Coffin Bay.	Greenly Island Conservation Park	Australia
country	Château d'Hougoumont (originally Goumont) is a large farmhouse situated at the bottom of an escarpment near the Nivelles road in Braine-l'Alleud, near Waterloo, Belgium.	Hougoumont	Belgium
country	The Lutsk Orthodox Fellowship of the True Cross is an architectural and historical complex consisting of a church and a monastery and located on the border of the market and Bratskiy Mist squares in Lutsk, Ukraine.	Lutsk Orthodox Fellowship of the True Cross	Ukraine
country	Pirallahy raion (Azerbaijani: Pirallahy Rayonu) is a municipal district of the city of Baku, capital of Azerbaijan.	Pirallahy raion	Azerbaijan
country	Aitoliko railway station (Greek: Σιδηροδρομικός Σταθμός Αιτωλικού, Sidirodromikos Stathmos Etolikou) was a railway station in the town of Aitoliko in Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece, the station served two rail lines:	Aitoliko railway station	Greece
country	Tegea (Greek: Τεγέα) was a settlement in ancient Greece, and it is also a former municipality in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Tegea	Greece
country	Chautara Municipality (Nepali: चौतारा) is a municipality in Sindhupalchowk District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Chautara	Nepal
country	Wetlet (Burmese: ဝတ်လတ်) is a town in Shwebo District, Sagaing Division in Burma (Myanmar).	Wetlet	Myanmar
country	Maha Mutharam is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of telangana in India.	Maha Mutharam	India
country	Prins Oscars Land is a land area constituting mainly Platenhalvøya, a peninsula between Rijpfjorden in the west and Duvefjorden with Fortherbyfjorden and Innvika on Nordaustlandet, Svalbard in Arctic Norway.	Prins Oscars Land	Norway
country	Bugzy Płoskie (ˈbuɡzɨ ˈpwɔskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bugzy Płoskie	Poland
country	Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology (MJCET) is located at Banjara Hills, the heart of the city of Hyderabad in India.	Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology	India
country	Amba Aradam is a mountain in northern Ethiopia.	Amba Aradam	Ethiopia
country	Pyyvesi is a medium-sized lake of South Karelia region in Finland.	Pyyvesi	Finland
country	Cuicatlán District is located in the northeast of the Cañada Region of the State of Oaxaca, Mexico.	Cuicatlán District	Mexico
country	Kuligów (kuˈliɡuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kuligów	Poland
country	Cadafais (Portuguese pronunciation: (kɐdɐˈfajʃ)) is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Alenquer, in western Portugal.	Cadafais	Portugal
country	Halstenbek is a free municipality in the district of Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Halstenbek	Germany
country	Musalu (Persian: موسالو‎, also Romanized as Mūsálū and Mūsá Lū) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Musalu	Iran
country	The Kubršnica (Serbian Cyrillic: Кубршница) is a river in Šumadija region of central Serbia, a 42 km-long left and the longest tributary to the Jasenica river.	Kubršnica	Serbia
country	Mount Khalatsa or Khalaskhokh (Ossetian: Халасхох; literally: ``frost mount'') is the highest point of South Ossetia, a disputed region in Georgia, with an altitude of 3,938 metres (12,920 ft).	Mount Khalatsa	South Ossetia	Georgia
country	Abad railway station (Urdu: آباد ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Abad village, Jacobabad district of Sindh province of the Pakistan.	Abad railway station	Pakistan
country	Wild Blue Yokohama was a large indoor pool complex located in Tsurumi-ku, Yokohama, Japan.	Wild Blue Yokohama	Japan
country	Chelgard (Persian: چلگرد‎, also Romanized as Chelgerd) is a city in and the capital of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Chelgard	Iran
country	La Rumorosa is a town in the municipality of Tecate, Baja California, Mexico.	La Rumorosa	Mexico
country	Barking Lodge is a small village in the parish of Saint Thomas close to the south-east coast of Jamaica.	Barking Lodge	Jamaica
country	Lake Valdayskoye, Lake Valdai (Russian: Валдайское озеро, озеро Валдай) is a freshwater lake, located in the center of Valdaysky District of Novgorod Oblast in Russia, in the middle of the Valdai Hills.	Lake Valdayskoye	Russia
country	Qaranjeh (Persian: قارنجه‎, also Romanized as Qāranjeh; also known as Qārīnjān) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qaranjeh	Iran
country	Fort Good Hope (or the Charter Community of K'asho Got'ine) is a charter community in the Sahtu Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Fort Good Hope	Canada
country	DLF Golf and Country Club is a country club in Gurgaon, India, built and maintained by DLF Limited.	DLF Golf and Country Club	India
country	Kus Ali (Persian: كوس علي‎, also Romanized as Kūs ``Alī; also known as Kūseh ``Alī) is a village in Nahr-e Mian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 233, in 62 families.	Kus Ali	Iran
country	Heringsdorf Pier (German: Seebrücke Heringsdorf) - a pier located in Heringsdorf, with a length of 508 metres; stretching out into the Baltic Sea, on the island of Usedom; in Germany.	Heringsdorf Pier	Germany
country	The Pahang River (Malay: Sungai Pahang) is a river that flows through the state of Pahang, Malaysia.	Pahang River	Malaysia
country	Umbria (/ˈʌmbriə/ UM-bree-ə; Italian pronunciation: (ˈumbrja)), is a region of historic and modern central Italy.	Umbria	Italy
country	Tang-e Dehuiyeh (Persian: تنگ دهويه‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Dehūīyeh) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Dehuiyeh	Iran
country	Hamburgo Velho (originally Hamburguer Berg) is considered the historical district of Novo Hamburgo, Brazil.	Hamburgo Velho	Brazil
country	The Budapest University of Jewish Studies (Hungarian: Országos Rabbiképző -- Zsidó Egyetem, or Országos Rabbiképző Intézet / Jewish Theological Seminary -- University of Jewish Studies / German: Landesrabbinerschule in Budapest) is a university in Budapest, Hungary.	Budapest University of Jewish Studies	Hungary
country	The Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada plaque at the Mewata Armouries states The seale and bold design of the Mewata Armoury exemplify the wave of national pride that greeted Canada's strong performance in the South African War.	Mewata Armouries	Canada
country	The Firth of Thames is a large bay located in the north of the North Island of New Zealand.	Firth of Thames	New Zealand
country	Xanlarkənd (also, Khanlarkend) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xanlarkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Thung Salaeng Luang National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติทุ่งแสลงหลวง) is a national park located in the Phitsanulok and Phetchabun Provinces of Thailand.	Thung Salaeng Luang National Park	Thailand
country	Gornja Crnuća (Serbian: Горња Црнућа listen ) is a village in Gornji Milanovac municipality of Serbia.	Gornja Crnuća	Serbia
country	Rheinzabern is a small town in the south-east of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany near the Rhine river.	Rheinzabern	Germany
country	Lusaka is the capital and largest city of Zambia.	Lusaka	Zambia
country	MS 1970 is the name of the ski jumping venue in Štrbské Pleso, Slovakia.	MS 1970	Slovakia
country	Skoindustrimuseet i Kumla, the Shoe Industry Museum in Kumla, Sweden is a museum memorizing the surrounding region's history of shoe manufacturing.	Skoindustrimuseet i Kumla	Sweden
country	El Remolino is a community that is located in the municipality of Juchipila in the state of Zacatecas in Mexico.	El Remolino	Mexico
country	Soblówka (sɔˈblufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujsoły, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Soblówka	Poland
country	Boni Avenue is a major east-west thoroughfare in Mandaluyong, eastern Metro Manila, Philippines.	Boni Avenue	Philippines
country	Cestice (Hungarian: Szeszta) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Cestice	Slovakia
country	Säppi (Swedish: Sebbskär) is an island on the coast of Bothnian Sea in the municipality of Luvia in Finland.	Säppi	Finland
country	San Mango sul Calore is a village and comune in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of Italy.	San Mango sul Calore	Italy
country	Dippach-Reckange railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Dippech-Reckeng, French: Gare de Dippach-Reckange, German: Bahnhof Dippach-Reckingen) is a railway station serving the town of Bettange-sur-Mess, in south-western Luxembourg.	Dippach-Reckange railway station	Luxembourg
country	Vauclusotte is a commune in the Doubs département in the Franche-Comté region in eastern France.	Vauclusotte	France
country	Dəymədağıldı (also, Daymadagyldy or Dəymədağılı) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dəymədağıldı	Azerbaijan
country	The Parc botanique de Suscinio (28,862 m²) is a botanical garden located on the grounds of the Château de Suscinio, Morlaix, Finistère, in Brittany, north-west France.	Parc botanique de Suscinio	France
country	Belorusy i rynok (Russian: Белорусы и рынок, pronounced (bʲɛləˈrusɨ ɪ ˈrʲnək)) is the main business weekly newspaper published in Belarus.	Belorusy i rynok	Belarus
country	Arano is a village and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Arano	Spain
country	Bhitarkanika National Park is a national park located in the Kendrapara District Odisha in eastern India.	Bhitarkanika National Park	India
country	Gawłuszowice (ɡavwuʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Gawłuszowice	Poland
country	Chaqa Zard Baghi (Persian: چقازردباغي‎, also Romanized as Chaqā Zard Bāghī, Cheqā Zard-e Bāghī, and Choqā Zard-e Bāghī; also known as Cheqā Zard and Chīa Zard) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chaqa Zard Baghi	Iran
country	Əbılcə (also, Abil’dzha) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əbılcə	Azerbaijan
country	The MLC Centre is a skyscraper in Sydney, Australia.	MLC Centre	Australia
country	Haisyn or Haysyn (Ukrainian: Га́йсин, Haysyn; Polish: Hajsyn; Russian: Га́йсин, Gaysin) is a town in central Ukraine, the administrative center of the Haisyn Raion in Vinnytsia Oblast.	Haisyn	Ukraine
country	Dunedin-Waitati Highway (SH 1), formerly (and currently in official land-use planning contexts) called Dunedin Northern Motorway, is a two to four-lane limited-access road which provides the main route north from the city of Dunedin, New Zealand.	Dunedin-Waitati Highway	New Zealand
country	Minangkabau International Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Internasional Minangkabau, Minangkabau: Bandar Udaro Internasional Minangkabau) (IATA: PDG, ICAO: WIPT) is the principal airport serving the province of West Sumatra on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Minangkabau International Airport	Indonesia
country	Zoarvlei Wetlands is a wetland reserve of about 140 ha (350 acres) in the city of Cape Town, South Africa.	Zoarvlei Wetlands	South Africa
country	Nerchau is a town and a former municipality in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Nerchau	Germany
country	Puistolan Urheilijat (abbreviated PuiU) is a sports club from Helsinki, Finland specialising in football, badminton, tennis, volleyball, bowling and fitness.	Puistolan Urheilijat	Finland
country	Kępa Barnicka is a part of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the islands between the West Oder river and East Oder River (Regalica), east of the Szczecin Old Town, and west of Szczecin-Dąbie.	Kępa Barnicka	Poland
country	Mala Štanga (pronounced (ˈmaːla ˈʃtaːŋɡa); German: Stangenwald, Stangen) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Mala Štanga	Slovenia
country	The Acty Shiodome is a 190-metre, 56-storey residential skyscraper in the Shiodome area of Minato-Ku, Tokyo, Japan.	Acty Shiodome	Japan
country	Poste Montagnais Airport, also known as Poste Montagnais - Mile 134 Airport (TC LID: CSF3) is located at Poste Montagnais, Quebec, Canada.	Poste Montagnais Airport	Canada
country	Loping Airfield is a former World War II United States Army Air Forces airfield in the People's Republic of China, located approximately 3 miles south of the community of Luoping in Luoping County (Yunnan Province).	Loping Airfield	People's Republic of China
country	The Ramos Arizpe Assembly is a General Motors automobile factory in Ramos Arizpe, Coahuila, Mexico.	Ramos Arizpe Assembly	Mexico
country	Alpha Psi Rho (ΑΨΡ, also known as APsiRho ) is an Asian/Pacific Islander-interest fraternity, and a non-profit community organization founded at San Diego State University, and has since expanded across the southwest region of the United States of America.	Alpha Psi Rho	United States of America
country	The Răzoare mine is a large mine in the north of Romania in Maramureş County, 43 km southeast of Baia Mare and 507 km north of the capital, Bucharest.	Răzoare mine	Romania
country	Stawiereje-Michałowięta (stavjɛˈrɛjɛ mixawɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stawiereje-Michałowięta	Poland
country	Montréal division no. 2 (or Montréal no. 2) was a former provincial electoral district in the Montreal region of Quebec, Canada that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.	Montréal division no. 2	Canada
country	Smiskaret or Smiskardet is a village in the municipality of Malvik in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Smiskaret	Norway
country	Valanjerd Rural District (Persian: دهستان والانجرد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Valanjerd Rural District	Iran
country	Dolenje Selce (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈsɛːu̯tsɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Dolenje Selce	Slovenia
country	Czerwone (t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czerwone	Poland
country	Bodaczki (bɔˈdat͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bodaczki	Poland
country	Jinju Civic Stadium (Korean: 진주공설운동장), is a multi-use stadium in Jinju, South Korea It is used mostly for football matches.	Jinju Civic Stadium	South Korea
country	Mazraeh-ye Zarghami (Persian: مزرعه ضرغامي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ẕarghāmī) is a village in Madar Soleyman Rural District, Hakhamanish District, Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Zarghami	Iran
country	Nai Aru Lagoon (or Nay Aru Lagoon) is an estuarine lagoon in Mullaitivu District, north-east Sri Lanka.	Nai Aru Lagoon	Sri Lanka
country	Wola Cieklińska (ˈvɔla t͡ɕeˈklʲiɲska) (Ukrainian: Воля Цеклинська, Volia Tseklyns’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Cieklińska	Poland
country	Edifício Praça da Bandeira, better known by its former name, Joelma Building, is a 25-story building in downtown São Paulo, Brazil, located at Avenida 9 de Julho, 225.	Joelma Building	Brazil
country	Barp Gewog (Dzongkha: བརཔ་) is a gewog (village block) of Punakha District, Bhutan.	Barp Gewog	Bhutan
country	San Agustín Acasaguastlán (Spanish pronunciation: (san aɣusˈtin akasaɣwaskaˈtlan)) is a municipality in the El Progreso department of Guatemala.	San Agustín Acasaguastlán	Guatemala
country	Zatopeks are a British pop punk band who formed in the United Kingdom in 2001; several band members played together in the band called 3½ Inch Floppy founded in 1999 at Birmingham University.	Zatopeks	United Kingdom
country	Takming University of Science and Technology (TMUST; Chinese: 德明財經科技大學) is a private university in Neihu District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Takming University of Science and Technology	Taiwan
country	Kfarfila (Arabic: كفرفيلا‎) (also known as Kafr fila,), is a town in the Nabatieh Governorate, (Arabic: النبطية‎) al-Nabatiya, or Nabatiye southern Lebanon.	Kfarfila	Lebanon
country	Danseoksan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do, eastern South Korea.	Danseoksan	South Korea
country	Ichon-dong is a county part of Yongsan-gu (a district) located in Seoul, South Korea.	Ichon-dong	South Korea
country	Caledonia Senior Secondary School is a senior secondary school (grades 10 through 12 inclusive) in Terrace, British Columbia, Canada.	Caledonia Senior Secondary School	Canada
country	Yarrawarrah is a suburb in southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia 32 kilometres south of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of the Sutherland Shire.	Yarrawarrah	Australia
country	University of Bijeljina is private university located in Bijeljina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	University of Bijeljina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gokprosh is a ridgeline of hills, part of the Coast Range of Baluchistan, Pakistan.	Gokprosh	Pakistan
country	Kalak Bisheh-ye Sadiq (Persian: كلكبيشه صادق‎, also Romanized as Kalaḵ Bīsheh-ye Sādiq) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kalak Bisheh-ye Sadiq	Iran
country	Conchy-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais country of France.	Conchy-sur-Canche	France
country	Shenatal-e Olya (Persian: شناتال عليا‎, also Romanized as Shenātāl-e ``Olyā; also known as Shenātāl) is a village in Chahriq Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 67 families.	Shenatal-e Olya	Iran
country	Mowtowr-e Abdol Ghafur Naruyi (Persian: موتورعبدالغفورنارويي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAbdol Ghafūr Nārūyī) is a village in Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Abdol Ghafur Naruyi	Iran
country	Estadio Alfonso Murube is a football stadium located in the autonomous city of Ceuta, Spain in Northern Africa.	Estadio Alfonso Murube	Spain
country	Ifrane Airport (Arabic: مطار إفران‎) (ICAO: GMFI) is an airport serving Ifrane, a town in the Fès-Meknès region in Morocco.	Ifrane Airport	Morocco
country	Krklino (Macedonian: Крклино) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia	Krklino	Macedonia
country	The University of Windsor Students' Alliance, otherwise known as the UWSA, represents all full-time undergraduate students at the University of Windsor, located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	University of Windsor Students' Alliance	Canada
country	This makes the Mid-Norfolk Railway one of the longest standard-gauge heritage railways in the United Kingdom.	Mid-Norfolk Railway	United Kingdom
country	Kajjansi Airfield (ICAO: HUKJ) is an airfield in Uganda.	Kajjansi Airfield	Uganda
country	Sportsplassen (``The Sports Field'') is a multi-use stadium in Nordstrand borough, Oslo, Norway.	Sportsplassen	Norway
country	Moung (Khmer: ឃុំមោង) is a khum (commune) of Moung Ruessei District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Moung	Cambodia
country	The University of Guelph (U of G) is a comprehensive public research university in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	University of Guelph	Canada
country	Edifício São Vito, popularly known as Treme-Treme (literally ``Shiver-Shiver''), was a 112-metre (367 ft), 27-storey former residential building, located in São Paulo, Brazil, finished in 1959.	Edifício São Vito	Brazil
country	Koodalmanikyam Temple or Kudal Manikkam Temple is a Hindu temple which is situated in Irinjalakuda, Trissur district, Kerala state, India.	Koodalmanikyam Temple	India
country	The Híjar Synagogue is a surviving, pre-expulsion synagogue building in the city of Híjar, Aragon, Spain.	Híjar Synagogue	Spain
country	Malvinas Day (Spanish: Día de Malvinas), officially Day of the Veterans and Fallen of the Malvinas War (Día del Veterano de Guerra y de los Caídos en la Guerra de las Malvinas), is a public holiday in Argentina, observed each year on 2 April.	Malvinas Day	Argentina
country	Ośmiałowo (ɔɕmjaˈwɔvɔ) (German: Achterfließ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ośmiałowo	Poland
country	The Ballarat Star was a newspaper in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, first published on 22 September 1855.	The Ballarat Star	Australia
country	A Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors is a periodic Royal Commission of the United Kingdom used to hear patent disputes.	Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors	United Kingdom
country	Chuchur (Bulgarian: Чучур) is a hamlet in the municipality of Smolyan, located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria.	Chuchur	Bulgaria
country	Shimi Zuiyeh (Persian: شيمي زوييه‎, also Romanized as Shīmī Zūīyeh) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shimi Zuiyeh	Iran
country	The London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA) is a drama school situated in the west of London, United Kingdom.	London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art	United Kingdom
country	Çiçek Pasajı (literally Flower Passage in Turkish), originally called the Cité de Péra, is a famous historic passage (galleria or arcade) on İstiklal Avenue in the Beyoğlu district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Çiçek Pasajı	Turkey
country	Nameri National Park is a national park in the foothills of the eastern Himalayas in the Sonitpur District of Assam, India, about 35 km from Tezpur.	Nameri National Park	India
country	Doddavaram is located in the Maddipadu Mandal of Prakasam District in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Doddavaram	India
country	Sang-e Kabutaran (Persian: سنگ كبوتران‎, also Romanized as Sang-e Kabūtarān) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sang-e Kabutaran	Iran
country	Rizal Technological University (RTU) is a State University located at Mandaluyong, Philippines.	Rizal Technological University	Philippines
country	The Brazeau River is a river in western Alberta, Canada.	Brazeau River	Canada
country	The most significant building of Karabournaki is the so-called Kyvernion (Governmental House) also called as ``Palataki'' (little Palace); which was the official residence of the King and Queen of Greece during their visits in Thessaloniki.	Karabournaki	Greece
country	Ruddock v Vadarlis (also known as the Tampa case) was an important Australian court case decided in the Federal Court of Australia on 18 September 2001.	Ruddock v Vadarlis	Australia
country	Wadi Salih is a province of West Darfur state of Sudan.	Wadi Salih	Sudan
country	Maar Shamshah (Arabic: معر شمشه‎, also spelled Maarshmisha) is a village administratively belonging to the Idlib Governorate in northwestern Syria.	Maar Shamshah	Syria
country	Stavropol (Russian: Ставрополь; IPA: (ˈstavrəpəlʲ)) is a city and the administrative center of Stavropol Krai, Russia.	Stavropol	Russia
country	Hokse Bazar is a market place in Panchkhal Municipality in Kabhrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Hokse Bazar	Nepal
country	Kłobucko is a part of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the right bank of Oder river, east of the Szczecin Old Town, and south-east of Szczecin-Dąbie.	Kłobucko	Poland
country	Botro (also known as Kouadio Kro) is a town in central Ivory Coast.	Botro	Ivory Coast
country	Chah Kheyr (Persian: چاه خيره‎, also Romanized as Chāh Kheyr; also known as Cheshmeh Khomeynī) is a village in Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District, Tarhan District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chah Kheyr	Iran
country	Ayyubiyeh Agriculture Department (Persian: گروه كشاورزي ايوبيه‎ -- Garaveh Keshāvarzī-ye Āyyūbīyeh) is a village and department in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ayyubiyeh Agriculture Department	Iran
country	Vágseiði is an area in Vágur, Faroe Islands, located on the west coast of Suðuroy west of the village Vágur, from which it takes its name.	Vágseiði	Faroe Islands
country	Laksjøen is a lake in Lierne municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Laksjøen	Norway
country	Mizoram People's Conference, a regional political party in Mizoram, India.	Mizoram People's Conference	India
country	Alcoleja (Valencian pronunciation: (aɫkoˈledʒa), Spanish: Alcolecha) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Alcoleja	Spain
country	Casier is a town and comune in the province of Treviso, Veneto region, in north-eastern Italy.	Casier	Italy
country	The Bell of Yongjusa is located in the temple of Yongjusa, near Suwon, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Bell of Yongjusa	South Korea
country	Worcestershire Wildlife Trust is one of 47 wildlife trusts throughout the United Kingdom.	Worcestershire Wildlife Trust	United Kingdom
country	The Huon Commonwealth Marine Reserve is a Marine Protected Area of the coast of Hobart in Tasmania, Australia.	Huon Commonwealth Marine Reserve	Australia
country	Schloss Vollrads is a castle and a wine estate in the Rheingau wine-growing region in Germany, that has been making wine for over 800 years.	Schloss Vollrads	Germany
country	Jamgeh (Persian: جمگه‎) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jamgeh	Iran
country	The Route nationale 149 (N149) is a trunk road (nationale) in western France.	Route nationale 149	France
country	The Chaîne des Alpilles is a small range of low mountains in Provence, southern France, located about 20 km (12 mi) south of Avignon.	Alpilles	France
country	Abshir Ata Waterfall is a geological reserve at Abshir Say River in Nookat District of Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Abshir Ata Waterfall	Kyrgyzstan
country	Prusinowiczki (pruɕinɔˈvit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Prusinowiczki	Poland
country	The Minor Basilica of the Black Nazarene (canonically known as Saint John the Baptist Parish and colloquially known as Quiapo Church; Spanish: Basílica Menor del Nazareno Negro) is a prominent Roman Catholic Latin-rite basilica located in the District of Quiapo in the City of Manila, Philippines.	Quiapo Church	Philippines
country	Badonviller (German: Badenweiler) is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.	Badonviller	France
country	Ziguinchor (also called Zinguinchor) is the capital of the Ziguinchor Region, and the chief town of the Casamance area of Senegal, lying at the mouth of the Casamance River.	Ziguinchor	Senegal
country	Maryland County is a county in the southeastern portion of the West African nation of Liberia.	Maryland County	Liberia
country	Volhynian Governorate (Russian: Волынская губерния, Ukrainian: Волинська губернія) was an administrative-territorial unit initially of the Russian Empire, created at the end of 1796 after the Third Partition of Poland from the territory of the short-lived Volhynian Vice-royalty and Wołyń Voivodeship.	Volhynian Governorate	Russian Empire
country	Aba Tenna Dejazmach Yilma International Airport (Ge'ez: አባ ጤና ደጃዝማች ይልማ ዓለም አቀፍ የአየር ማረፊያ ābbā ṭēnā dejāzmāč yilmā ʿālem aqef ye-āyyer mārefīyā) (IATA: DIR, ICAO: HADR), also known as Dire Dawa International Airport, is an international airport serving Dire Dawa, a city in eastern Ethiopia.	Aba Tenna Dejazmach Yilma International Airport	Ethiopia
country	The Evita Fine Arts Museum (Museo Superior de Bellas Artes Evita) is an art museum in Córdoba, Argentina.	Evita Fine Arts Museum	Argentina
country	CCC Chuen Yuen College (Chinese: 中華基督教會全完中學) is a Chinese Christian secondary school in Hong Kong.	CCC Chuen Yuen College	Hong Kong
country	Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile (SQM) is a Chilean chemical and mining company, who mines lithium and makes fertilizer and other chemicals.	Sociedad Química y Minera	Chile
country	Ginučiai is a village on the shore of the Lake Linkmenas in the Aukštaitija National Park, Ignalina district of Lithuania.	Ginučiai	Lithuania
country	Riocentro is an exhibition and convention center located in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Riocentro	Brazil
country	The Uppsala Astronomical Observatory (UAO), Astronomiska observatoriet i Uppsala) is the oldest astronomical observatory in Sweden.	Uppsala Astronomical Observatory	Sweden
country	Suroloyo Peak is the highest peak of the Menoreh Mountains on the island of Java, Indonesia.	Suroloyo Peak	Indonesia
country	The Gothenburg discothèque fire was a devastating fire caused by an arson attack on October 29, 1998, which occurred in premises located on Hisingen island in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Gothenburg discothèque fire	Sweden
country	Aspö is a small village on the Aspö Island in Väståboland, Finland.	Aspö	Finland
country	Rasuwillka (Quechua, hispanicized spellings Rasohuilca, Rasuvilca, Razohuilca, Razuhuilca, Razuhuillca, Razuwillka, Rasu Bilca, Rasu Willca, Razu Bilca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Rasuwillka	Peru
country	Kelimutu ((kəliˈmutu)) is a volcano, close to the small town of Moni in central Flores island in Indonesia.	Kelimutu	Indonesia
country	Nakazato Dam (Japanese: 中里ダム) is a dam in Mie Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1976.	Nakazato Dam	Japan
country	The New Yorker Lions are an American Football team from Braunschweig, Germany.	New Yorker Lions	Germany
country	Zaļenieki Manor, also called Zaļā Manor because of the German word Grünhof, is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.	Zaļenieki Manor	Latvia
country	Pobłocie Małe (pɔˈbwɔt͡ɕɛ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Pobloth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pobłocie Małe	Poland
country	The Hoya of Antequera (also Antequera Depression or, in Spanish, Depresión de Antequera, Hoya de Antequera or Vega de Antequera) is a sedimentary basin located in the northern part of the province of Málaga, Andalusia, Spain.	Hoya of Antequera	Spain
country	Nytorv (English: New Square or New Market) is a public square in the centre of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nytorv	Denmark
country	Joyabaj was also hit hard by the civil war that lasted about 30 years in Guatemala.	Joyabaj	Guatemala
country	The Chai Folk Ensemble from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada is North America's oldest and largest Israeli folk dance ensemble.	Chai Folk Ensemble	Canada
country	Istana Kampong Glam (Malay for ``Kampong Glam Palace''; Jawi: ايستان كامڤوڠ ڬلم; Chinese: 甘榜格南皇宫), also Istana Kampong Gelam, is a former Malay palace in Singapore.	Istana Kampong Glam	Singapore
country	Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation (GSRTC) is a state owned corporation for passenger transport providing bus services both within state of Gujarat, India and neighbouring states.	Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation	India
country	Hafslund is a borough located east of the city centre in the city of Sarpsborg, Norway, Before 1992, Hafslund was a part of Skjeberg municipality.	Hafslund	Norway
country	The InterContinental Amstel Amsterdam Hotel or Amstel Hotel is a five-star hotel in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, on the east bank of the river Amstel.	InterContinental Amstel Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	Oświęcim Basin (Polish: Kotlina Oświęcimska) is a lowland, located in southern Poland, between the Lesser Poland Highlands to the north, Silesian Foothills and Wieliczka Foothills to the south.	Oświęcim Basin	Poland
country	Živogošće (Italian: Svogoschia) is a tourist locality in southern Dalmatia, Croatia, located between Makarska and Drvenik.	Živogošće	Croatia
country	Viniegra de Abajo is a municipality of La Rioja (Spain).	Viniegra de Abajo	Spain
country	Shushenskoye (Russian: Шу́шенское) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Shushensky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located at the confluence of the Yenisei and Big Shush.	Shushenskoye	Russia
country	Goudoumaria, Niger (var. Goudomaria, Gudumaria) is a town in the southeast of the country, in Diffa Region, northwest of Diffa.	Goudoumaria	Niger
country	Gav Daneh Zar (Persian: گاودانه زار‎, also Romanized as Gāv Dāneh Zār; also known as Kān-e Zar, Kānī Zar, and Kan Zar) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gav Daneh Zar	Iran
country	Grinjan (pronounced (ɡɾiˈnjaːn)) is a settlement south of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Grinjan	Slovenia
country	Gürgentepe is a small town and mountainous district of Ordu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey, 48 km (30 mi) inland from the city of Ordu.	Gürgentepe	Turkey
country	Bohobli is a village in the far west of Ivory Coast.	Bohobli	Ivory Coast
country	Kiwai Island is the largest island in the Fly River delta, Papua New Guinea.	Kiwai Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Bratislava Castle (Slovak: , , ) is the main castle of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia.	Bratislava Castle	Slovakia
country	Stefanówek (stɛfaˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stefanówek	Poland
country	The Bosome Freho District is one of the twenty-seven (27) districts in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	Bosome Freho District	Ghana
country	Lalejin (Persian: لالجين‎, also Romanized as Lālejīn and Lālajīn; known locally as Lalin (Persian: لَلين), also Romanized as Lalīn; and also known as Shahr-e Lālejīn) is a city in and capital of Lalejin District, in Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Lalejin	Iran
country	Caribbean Bay is an indoor/outdoor water park located in Yongin, South Korea.	Caribbean Bay	South Korea
country	Kunjah (Urdu: کنجاہ‎) is a town in Pakistan located in Gujrat District in the Punjab Province, the inhabitants are called Kunjahi.	Kunjah	Pakistan
country	Rédené (Breton: Redene) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Rédené	France
country	Brdo pri Lukovici (pronounced (ˈbəɾdɔ pɾi ˈluːkɔvitsi); German: Egg) is a small settlement next to Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Brdo pri Lukovici	Slovenia
country	The Argentine Academy of Cinematography Arts and Sciences (Spanish: Academia de las Artes y Ciencias Cinematográficas de la Argentina - AACCA) is an industry association in Argentina founded in 2004.	Argentine Academy of Cinematography Arts and Sciences	Argentina
country	The Urban community of Nice Côte d'Azur (French: communauté urbaine Nice Côte d'Azur), is the former intercommunal structure gathering the city of Nice (France) and some of its suburbs.	Urban community of Nice Côte d'Azur	France
country	Považský Inovec is a mountain range in western Slovakia, named after the Váh river.	Považský Inovec	Slovakia
country	The 3rd Municipal Sportshall of Ano Liosia, also known as Zofria Indoor Hall (Greek: Κλειστό Ζωφριάς), is an indoor sporting arena that is located in the Zofria district of Ano Liosia, Athens, Greece.	3rd Municipal Sportshall of Ano Liosia	Greece
country	Rio Brito or Brito River is a river in the southwestern part of Nicaragua that drains into the Pacific Ocean near Punta Brito, a promontory.	Rio Brito	Nicaragua
country	Por Rud (Persian: پررود‎, also Romanized as Por Rūd) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Por Rud	Iran
country	North Mamuju Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Mamuju Utara) is one of the five regencies which comprise West Sulawesi Province, Indonesia, on the island of Sulawesi.	North Mamuju Regency	Indonesia
country	Boucherville is a city in the Montérégie region in Quebec, Canada.	Boucherville	Canada
country	Aspropyrgos (Greek: Ασπρόπυργος) is a suburb of Athens, and a municipality in the West Attica regional unit, Attica, Greece.	Aspropyrgos	Greece
country	Te Koko-o-Kupe / Cloudy Bay is located at the northeast of New Zealand's South Island, to the south of the Marlborough Sounds and north of Clifford Bay.	Cloudy Bay	New Zealand
country	Hondeklip Bay (Afrikaans: Hondeklipbaai, which translates as dog stone bay) is a coastal village in the Namakwa district of the Northern Cape province of South Africa.	Hondeklip Bay	South Africa
country	Naigaya is a village in southwest Guinea.	Naigaya	Guinea
country	Thelungan Kudikadu is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Thelungan Kudikadu	India
country	Toetsho Gewog (Dzongkha: སྟོད་མཚོ་) is a gewog (village block) of Trashiyangtse District, Bhutan.	Toetsho Gewog	Bhutan
country	Boneh-ye Shir Mohammad (Persian: بنه شيرمحمد‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Shīr Moḩammad) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Shir Mohammad	Iran
country	Lake Burtnieks (Latvian: Burtnieka ezers, Estonian: Asti järv) is the fourth largest lake in Latvia.	Lake Burtnieks	Latvia
country	The Kendayan (also known as Dayak Kendayan or Kanayatn) people are an ethnic group native to Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Kendayan	Indonesia
country	Corozal Bay is an inlet of Chetumal Bay, indenting northern Belize.	Corozal Bay	Belize
country	Galmoy Mine is a zinc and lead mine 50 km northwest of Kilkenny, Ireland.	Galmoy Mine	Ireland
country	St. Bernard's Abbey, Hemiksem, also known as St. Bernard's Abbey on the Scheldt (Sint-Bernardusabdij van Hemiksem; Abdij Sint-Bernaerdts aan de Schelde), located in Hemiksem in the province of Antwerp in Belgium, was a Cistercian monastery founded in 1243 and dissolved during the French Revolution.	St. Bernard's Abbey, Hemiksem	Belgium
country	Härjapea (Estonian: Härjapea jõgi, lit. oxhead) was a river in Tallinn, Estonia.	Härjapea	Estonia
country	Chal Qasem (Persian: چال قاسم‎, also Romanized as Chāl Qāsem) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Qasem	Iran
country	Pilaitė is an elder ship in the Vilnius city municipality, Lithuania.	Pilaitė	Lithuania
country	Schelten Pass (French: La Scheulte) (el. 1151 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains between the cantons of Jura and Solothurn in Switzerland.	Schelten Pass	Switzerland
country	Ubowice (ubɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ubowice	Poland
country	St Andrews Lutheran College is a private Lutheran based junior school, middle school, and senior school at Tallebudgera on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia.	St Andrews Lutheran College	Australia
country	Administratively, it is part of a commune of the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France, the commune of Île-Molène, which also comprises several neighbouring islets.	Molène	France
country	Peurise Teumaga or Peurise Lembaga is a shield originating from Aceh, Indonesia.	Peurise Teumaga	Indonesia
country	Edenderry Power Station is a large peat-fired power station near Edenderry, in the Republic of Ireland.	Edenderry Power Station	Ireland
country	Girka (Arabic and Ajami غرك) is a village in Kaita Local Government Katsina State, Nigeria.	Girka	Nigeria
country	Mačvanski Prnjavor (Serbian Cyrillic: Мачвански Прњавор) is a village in the municipality of Šabac, Serbia.	Mačvanski Prnjavor	Serbia
country	Makineh-ye Khar Farih (Persian: مكينه خرفريح‎, also Romanized as Makīneh-ye Khar Farīḥ) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Makineh-ye Khar Farih	Iran
country	Copterline OÜ (Estonia) was the flight operator, and FastClass Oy (Finland, former Line Support Oy) was the parent company, which was responsible for maintenance.	Copterline	Finland
country	Chrysal Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Belleville and Quinte West, Hastings County, Ontario, Canada.	Chrysal Creek	Canada
country	Mtamvuna River is a river that forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape Provinces in South Africa.	Mtamvuna River	South Africa
country	The Aquinian is a student-owned-and-operated campus newspaper, at St. Thomas University (STU) in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.	The Aquinian	Canada
country	Lake Semyonovskoye (Russian: Семёновское озеро) is a freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia in Murmansk.	Lake Semyonovskoye	Russia
country	The Östliche Günz (or eastern Günz) is a river in Bavaria, Germany.	Östliche Günz	Germany
country	Marcus Oldham College is an agricultural and farm management institution located in Geelong, Victoria and is the only private agricultural college operating in Australia.	Marcus Oldham College	Australia
country	Killer Dwarfs (stylized as KiLLeR DWaRfS) are a Canadian heavy metal band who formed in late 1981 in Oshawa, Ontario, and who enjoyed moderate success in their native Canada in the 1980s.	Killer Dwarfs	Canada
country	Eldgarnsö Nature Reserve (Swedish: Eldgarnsö naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Stockholm County in Sweden.	Eldgarnsö Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	KFUM Jönköping is an YMCA association in Jönköping in Sweden, established in 1855.	KFUM Jönköping	Sweden
country	Bulnes El Litral Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Bulnes El Litral, ICAO: SCUL) is a public-use airport located near Bulnes, Bío Bío, Chile.	Bulnes El Litral Airport	Chile
country	The Princess Amalia Wind Farm (Prinses Amaliawindpark in Dutch) is an offshore wind farm in the Netherlands.	Princess Amalia Wind Farm	Netherlands
country	Hameh Shan (Persian: همه شان‎, also Romanized as Hameh Shān) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hameh Shan	Iran
country	Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce is a city in the Municipalité régionale de comté Robert-Cliche in Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce	Canada
country	Dunston Hall Hotel is a mock Elizabethan grade II listed building in the English village of Dunston, in the county of Norfolk, United Kingdom.	Dunston Hall Hotel	United Kingdom
country	Shekar Beg (Persian: شكربگ‎; also known as Shekar Bek) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shekar Beg	Iran
country	Duży Dół (ˈduʐɨ ˈduu̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Duży Dół	Poland
country	Beatty Secondary School is a co-educational neighbourhood secondary school in Toa Payoh, Singapore.	Beatty Secondary School	Singapore
country	Palandöken Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Lezgi River near Çat in Erzurum Province, Turkey.	Palandöken Dam	Turkey
country	Parys (pronounced /ˈpɑːreɪs/) is a town situated on the banks of the Vaal River in the Free State province of South Africa.	Parys	South Africa
country	Bidak-e Pain (Persian: بيدك پائين‎, also Romanized as Bīdak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bidak-e Pain	Iran
country	The City of Chincha Alta is located 200 kilometers south of Lima, in the Chincha Province of the Ica Region of Peru.	Chincha Alta	Peru
country	Mahamalar (also, Magamalar, Magomalar, and Magomallar; Avar: МахIамалросу) is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mahamalar	Azerbaijan
country	Makurdi Airport (IATA: MDI, ICAO: DNMK) is an airport serving Makurdi, the capital city of the Benue State of Nigeria.	Makurdi Airport	Nigeria
country	Banksia Park International High School is a high school in Banksia Park, a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.	Banksia Park International High School	Australia
country	Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) (1988-2012), also once known for a short period of time as Darjeeling Gorkha Autonomous Hill Council (DGAHC), was a semi-autonomous body that looked after the administration of the hills of Darjeeling District in the state of West Bengal, India.	Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council	India
country	Nea Kydonia (Greek: Νέα Κυδωνία) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Nea Kydonia	Greece
country	Yessentuki (; Russian: Ессентуки́) is a city in Stavropol Krai, Russia, located at the base of the Caucasus Mountains.	Yessentuki	Russia
country	Oslica (pronounced (ˈoːslitsa); German: Osselze) is a small settlement just northwest of Muljava in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Oslica	Slovenia
country	Gurakki, also spelt Gorakki, is a village of Haripur District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Gurakki	Pakistan
country	Ruda-Huta (ˈruda ˈxuta) is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Ruda-Huta	Poland
country	Zaña Valley is an archaeological site in northern Peru, which contains the earliest known canals in South America.	Zaña Valley	Peru
country	Uzovská Panica (Hungarian: Uzapanyit) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Uzovská Panica	Slovakia
country	Firuz Salar (Persian: فيروزسالار‎, also Romanized as Fīrūz Sālār) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District, Gugan District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Firuz Salar	Iran
country	Körlübeyi (or Körlü Beyi; formerly Gürlü) is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Körlübeyi	Turkey
country	The Bay of Cádiz is a body of water in the province of Cádiz, Spain, adjacent to the southwestern coast of the Iberian Peninsula.	Bay of Cádiz	Spain
country	Mjølfjell is a village area located in the eastern part of the Raundalen valley in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county, Norway.	Mjølfjell	Norway
country	The Laugh Resort was one of the most popular stand-up comedy clubs located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Laugh Resort	Canada
country	Iyang-Argapura is a massive volcanic complex that dominates the landscape between Mount Raung and Mount Lamongan in East Java, Indonesia.	Iyang-Argapura	Indonesia
country	Sandland (Northern Sami: Sáttomohgáddi) is a village in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.	Sandland	Norway
country	Pipera is a district of Voluntari city, situated in the north part of Bucharest, Romania.	Pipera	Romania
country	Gimmigela Chuli, or The Twins, is a mountain in the Himalayas, located on the border between Taplejung, Mechi, Nepal and Sikkim, India.	Gimmigela Chuli	India
country	Valdresflye, also spelled Valdresflya and Valdresflyi, is a mountain plateau in the easternmost part of Jotunheimen in Øystre Slidre, Norway.	Valdresflye	Norway
country	Grotta di Cocceio, also known as the Cocceius Tunnel, is a straight-line subterranean gallery nearly a kilometre in length connecting Lake Avernus with Cumae north of Naples, Italy.	Grotta di Cocceio	Italy
country	The Oparara Basin is a basin drained by the Oparara River at 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Karamea, at the West Coast Region of the South Island of New Zealand.	Oparara Basin	New Zealand
country	Coringa Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary and estuary situated in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Coringa Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Co-operator Veerasingam Hall (Tamil: கூட்டுறவாளர் வீரசிங்கம் மண்டபம், Sinhala: වීරසිංහම් ශාලාව; commonly known as Veerasingam Hall) is a public hall/office building in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka.	Veerasingam Hall	Sri Lanka
country	Luchkivtsi (Ukrainian: Лучківці) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Luchkivtsi	Ukraine
country	Satpati is one of the biggest fishing villages on the western coast of India.	Satpati	India
country	Kukës Island is a small island located in the north of Albania, in the Fierza Lake.	Kukës Island	Albania
country	Similkameen Falls is a waterfall in British Columbia, Canada, on the Similkameen River located just below the mouth of the Pasayten River and just above the mouth of Copper Creek about 25 km upstream (south) from Princeton.	Similkameen Falls	Canada
country	Puente Transbordador (also known as Buenos Aires Transporter Bridge, Puente Transbordador de La Boca Puente Transbordador Nicolás Avellaneda, Antiguo Puente Nicolás Avellaneda or Transbordador del Riachuelo ) is a transporter bridge in Buenos Aires, Argentina, it was completed in 1914.	Puente Transbordador	Argentina
country	Jabłonna Lacka (jaˈbwɔnna ˈlat͡ska) is a village in Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jabłonna Lacka	Poland
country	Jonstrup is a suburban neighbourhood situated in Furesø Municipality on the west side of Hareskoven forest in the northwestern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Jonstrup	Denmark
country	Andab-e Qadim (Persian: انداب قديم‎, also Romanized as Andāb-e Qadīm) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Andab-e Qadim	Iran
country	Sandoy (Danish: Sandø. English: Sandisland) is the first of the five southern islands that make up the Faroe chain, the fifth biggest of all the Faroe Islands, an autonomous region of the Kingdom of Denmark.	Sandoy	Faroe Islands
country	The Mooloolah River is a river in South East Queensland, Australia.	Mooloolah River	Australia
country	Shamlu-ye Kuchak (Persian: شاملوي كوچك ‎, also Romanized as Shāmlū-ye Kūchak; also known as Shāmlūy-e Kūchak and Shāmlū-ye Bālā) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shamlu-ye Kuchak	Iran
country	St. Catharines General Hospital was a general hospital established in 1865 in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada serving the Niagara Region.	St. Catharines General Hospital	Canada
country	Dobrouščići (Serbian: Доброучићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dobrouščići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Szaflary (ʂaˈflarɨ) is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 (it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975-1998).	Szaflary	Poland
country	Daejeon Science High School is a science high school, located in Daejeon, South Korea.	Daejeon Science High School	South Korea
country	In February 1968, a year after the formation of the VLAA, Western Australia held its first Little Athletics meet at Perry Lakes Stadium.	Little Athletics	Australia
country	Tokmovo (Russian: Токмово) is a village (selo) in Kovylkinsky District of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Tokmovo	Russia
country	Frederick Henry Bay is a body of water in the southeast of Tasmania, Australia.	Frederick Henry Bay	Australia
country	Silchar Airport (IATA: IXS, ICAO: VEKU) is located in Silchar in the state of Assam, India built by the British in 1944 and is also a Civil enclave airport as it is under the control of Indian Air Force.	Silchar Airport	India
country	The Goteik viaduct (Burmese: ဂုတ်ထိပ်တံတား, also known as Gohteik viaduct) is a railway trestle in Nawnghkio, western Shan State, Myanmar (also known as Burma).	Goteik viaduct	Myanmar
country	Osokorky (Ukrainian: Осокорки) is a historical neighbourhood, on the left bank of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Osokorky	Ukraine
country	Classic Gold WABC was a United Kingdom radio station, broadcasting to much of Wolverhampton and Shropshire from studios in Dunstable.	Classic Gold WABC	United Kingdom
country	Haryana Colony (Urdu: ہریانہ کالونی ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Orangi Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Haryana Colony	Pakistan
country	Kibbutz Gezer Field was the home ground for Israeli baseball teams Modi'in Miracle and Bet Shemesh Blue Sox in the Israel Baseball League.	Kibbutz Gezer Field	Israel
country	The Hall Islands are a group of two large atolls in the state of Chuuk, Federated States of Micronesia.	Hall Islands	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Kanash (Russian: Кана́ш; Chuvash: Канаш, Kanaš, lit. soviet) is a town in the Chuvash Republic, Russia, located at a major railway junction 76 kilometers (47 mi) from Cheboksary, the capital of the republic.	Kanash	Russia
country	Gedempte Zalmhaven, also referred to as Zalmhaven Toren, is a project that includes a 212m residential tower in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	Gedempte Zalmhaven	Netherlands
country	Əyricə (also, Ayridzha and Eyridzha) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əyricə	Azerbaijan
country	Oulad Boubker (Amazigh: Ulad Bubker, ⵓⵍⴰⴷ ⴱⵓⴱⴽⴻⵔ, Arabic: ولاد بوبكر) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Oulad Boubker	Morocco
country	Han Šići (Serbian: Хан Шићи) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Han Šići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Myrodato (Greek: Μυρωδάτο) is a settlement in the Abdera municipal unit, Xanthi regional unit of Greece.	Myrodato	Greece
country	Helsinki-86 was an important early actor during the ``Singing Revolution'' in Latvia, during which the country regained its independence from the USSR.	Helsinki-86	Latvia
country	Dravce is a village and municipality in Levoča District in the Prešov Region of central-eastern Slovakia.	Dravce	Slovakia
country	Kilinochchi (Tamil: கிளிநொச்சி, IAST Kilinocci, Sinhalese: කිලිනොච්චි) is the main town of Kilinochchi District, Northern Province of Sri Lanka.	Kilinochchi	Sri Lanka
country	Satres (Greek: Σάτρες, Bulgarian: Синиково, Sinikovo, Turkish: Ketenlik) is a former community in the Xanthi regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Satres	Greece
country	Ketchowla Station is a pastoral lease operating as a sheep station in the Mid North region of South Australia.	Ketchowla Station	Australia
country	Bijar Sar (Persian: بيجارسر‎, also Romanized as Bījār Sar; also known as Bodzhyarser, Bojār Sar, and Bojiarser) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bijar Sar	Iran
country	American Cooperative School of La Paz or ACS Calvert (ACS), is an American international school in La Paz, Bolivia, serving kindergarten through grade 12.	American Cooperative School of La Paz	Bolivia
country	The Superprestige Gavere is a November cyclo-cross race held in Gavere, Belgium, which is part of the Superprestige.	Gavere	Belgium
country	Charters Towers Excelsior Library is the local library in Charters Towers in North Queensland, Australia.	Charters Towers Excelsior Library	Australia
country	The Royal Exhibition Building is a World Heritage Site-listed building in Melbourne, Australia, completed in 1880.	Royal Exhibition Building	Australia
country	Thessaloniki Concert Hall (Greek: Μέγαρο Μουσικής Θεσσαλονίκης) is a centre for the performing arts in Thessaloniki, Greece.	Thessaloniki Concert Hall	Greece
country	The Paroi-Senawang-KLIA Expressway, (PSKE) is a proposed expressway in Negeri Sembilan and Selangor state, Malaysia.	Paroi-Senawang-KLIA Expressway	Malaysia
country	Mleczków (ˈmlɛt͡ʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mleczków	Poland
country	Vilamendhoo, formerly one of the uninhabited islands of Alif Dhaal Atoll (South Ari Atoll) of the Maldives, has been developed into a 184 room 4 star plus resort, called Vilamendhoo Island Resort & Spa, managed by CCR (Crown & Champa Resorts).	Vilamendhoo	Maldives
country	``Nokor Reach'' (Khmer: បទនគររាជ; Royal Kingdom or Majestic Kingdom) is the national anthem of the Kingdom of Cambodia.	Nokor Reach	Cambodia
country	Liffré (Breton: Liverieg, Gallo: Lifrei) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Liffré	France
country	Parc Hosingen (Luxembourgish: Parc Housen) is a commune in northern Luxembourg, in the canton of Clervaux.	Parc Hosingen	Luxembourg
country	Sójkowa (sui̯ˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżowe, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Sójkowa	Poland
country	San Nicolás de la Villa is a church in Córdoba, Andalusia, southern Spain.	San Nicolás de la Villa	Spain
country	Gonars is a town and comune near Palmanova in the province of Udine, Friuli, northeastern Italy.	Gonars	Italy
country	Winklespruit is a small seaside resort north of the mouth of the Illovo River in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Winklespruit	South Africa
country	The White Range is a subrange of the Tagish Highland, located east of Windy Arm on the British Columbia-Yukon border in Canada.	White Range	Canada
country	Consultancy House is a historic building in The Exchange, in downtown Dunedin, New Zealand.	Consultancy House	New Zealand
country	East West University (EWU) (Bengali: ইস্টওয়েস্ট বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) is a private university in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	East West University	Bangladesh
country	Preški Vrh (pronounced (ˈpɾeːʃki ˈʋəɾx)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Preški Vrh	Slovenia
country	Seogu Kids Library is a city library that is located in Seo-gu, Daegu, South Korea.	Seogu Kids Library	South Korea
country	Świdnica (Polish pronunciation: ('ɕfʲidʲˈɲit͡sa); German: Schweidnitz; Czech: Svídnice) is a city in south-western Poland in the region of Silesia.	Świdnica	Poland
country	In particular, Dictamnus, a flowering plant in the family Rutaceae, is found on Mader Stein and Nenkel, although it is very rare in the rest of Germany.	Mader Stein	Germany
country	Pác Bó is a small village in Cao Bằng province, Vietnam, 3 km from the Chinese border.	Pác Bó	Vietnam
country	Bilozerske (Ukrainian: Білозерське, Russian: Белозёрское) is a city in Dobropillia municipality, Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Bilozerske	Ukraine
country	Holskardvatnet is a lake in the municipality Vik in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Holskardvatnet	Norway
country	Meghrashen (Armenian: Մեղրաշեն, also Romanized as Megrashen; formerly, Kazanchi) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Meghrashen	Armenia
country	Stachlerkopf is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps, close to the towns of Steg and Malbun, with a height of 2,071 metres (6,795 ft).	Stachlerkopf	Liechtenstein
country	The Order of Victory (Russian: Орден ``Победa'', Orden ``Pobeda'') was the highest military decoration awarded for World War II service in the Soviet Union, and one of the rarest orders in the world.	Order of Victory	Soviet Union
country	El Mochito mine is an underground zinc and silver mine in Honduras that is owned by Nyrstar.	El Mochito mine	Honduras
country	The Hofmahdjoch is a mountain pass in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Hofmahdjoch	Italy
country	Yangiyer (Uzbek: Yangiyer / Янгиер; Russian: Янгиер) is a city (1991 pop. 29,600) in Sirdaryo Region, Eastern Uzbekistan.	Yangiyer	Uzbekistan
country	Barki (ˈbarki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Barki	Poland
country	Raichur Thermal Power Station (RTPS) is a coal-fired electric power station located in the Raichur district of the state of Karnataka, India.	Raichur Thermal Power Station	India
country	Mont-Terrible was one of the 130 departments of Napoleonic France, with its capital at Porrentruy.	Mont-Terrible	France
country	Lyndhurst Secondary College is a co-educational secondary school, located in Cranbourne North, Victoria, Australia, which is approximately 40 km south east of Melbourne.	Lyndhurst Secondary College	Australia
country	Qawra (Maltese: Il-Qawra, Maltese pronunciation: (ʔawra)) is a zone within St. Paul's Bay in the Northern Region, Malta.	Qawra	Malta
country	The Copeland Tops State Conservation Area is a protected conservation area located near the Barrington Tops in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia.	Copeland Tops State Conservation Area	Australia
country	Straduny (straˈdunɨ) (formerly German Stradaunen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Straduny	Poland
country	Pensiangan is a small town and also a parliamentary constituency in the state of Sabah in Malaysia.	Pensiangan	Malaysia
country	Sugar Games is privately held developer based in Russia.	Sugar Games	Russia
country	Dad Zari (Persian: دادزري‎, also Romanized as Dād Zarī; also known as Dāz Darī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dad Zari	Iran
country	Brunna is a locality and a suburb of Metropolitan Stockholm situated in Upplands-Bro Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 3,925 inhabitants in 2010.	Brunna	Sweden
country	Gabtali Upazila (Bengali: গাবতলী উপজেলা) is an upazila of Bogra District in the Division of Rajshahi, Bangladesh.	Gabtali Upazila	Bangladesh
country	Gundak-e Molla (Persian: گوندك ملا‎, also Romanized as Gūndak-e Mollā; also known as Gondak-e Mollā and Gondūk-e Mollā) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gundak-e Molla	Iran
country	The Moses Mabhida Stadium is a stadium in Durban, South Africa, named after Moses Mabhida, a former General Secretary of the South African Communist Party.	Moses Mabhida Stadium	South Africa
country	The Rakaia Bridge is New Zealand's longest road bridge and crosses the Rakaia River, one of Canterbury's large braided rivers.	Rakaia Bridge	New Zealand
country	Shafir Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית שפיר‎, Mo'atza Azorit Shafir) is a regional council in the South District of Israel near the city of Kiryat Gat.	Shafir Regional Council	Israel
country	The Port Phillip Gazette was the second newspaper published in Melbourne, in the then Port Phillip District and what is now Victoria, Australia.	Port Phillip Gazette	Australia
country	The Gare de Serqueux (Serqueux station) is a railway station located in the commune of Serqueux in the Seine-Maritime department, France.	Gare de Serqueux	France
country	Neyzar Rural District (Persian: دهستان نيزار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Salafchegan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Neyzar Rural District	Iran
country	Almarestäket, or Stäket, is a strait at the inlet of Lake Mälaren in mid-east Sweden.	Almarestäket	Sweden
country	Urkkad is a small residential area in the gram panchayat of Koviloor, Vattavada, in Idukki district, Kerala, India.	Urkkad	India
country	Trewen (Cornish: Trewynn) is a hamlet and a civil parish in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom The parish is just east of Bodmin Moor in the River Inny valley and lies in the Registration District of Launceston.	Trewen	United Kingdom
country	The Alishan National Scenic Area is a mountain resort and natural preserve located in the mountains of Chiayi County in Taiwan.	Alishan National Scenic Area	Taiwan
country	The Quixeramobim River is a river that runs through the state of Ceará in northeastern Brazil.	Quixeramobim River	Brazil
country	Kolonia Czaplino (kɔˈlɔɲa t͡ʂaˈplinɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kolonia Czaplino	Poland
country	Altınhisar Dam (Turkish: Altınhisar Barajı), aka Altunhisar Dam, is a dam in Niğde Province, Turkey, built between 1985 and 1988.	Altınhisar Dam	Turkey
country	Abadiño (Basque: Abadiño; Spanish: Abadiano) is a town located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain, about 35 km from the provincial capital of Bilbao.	Abadiño	Spain
country	Mitú is the capital city of the department of Vaupés in Colombia.	Mitú	Colombia
country	Libore is a rural commune in Niger comprising approximately 40 villages.	Libore	Niger
country	Mesa de Ocaña is a comarca in Castilla-La Mancha, Spain, in the province of Toledo.	Mesa de Ocaña	Spain
country	The Judicial Arrondissement of Eupen (German: Gerichtsbezirk Eupen; French: Arrondissement judiciaire d'Eupen; Dutch: Gerechtelijk arrondissement Eupen) is a judicial arrondissement located in the Walloon Province of Liège, in Belgium.	Judicial Arrondissement of Eupen	Belgium
country	Probolinggo Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Probolinggo) is a regency in East Java province of Indonesia.	Probolinggo Regency	Indonesia
country	Songea Rural District is one of five districts in the Ruvuma Region of Tanzania.	Songea Rural District	Tanzania
country	Rossfjord Church (Norwegian: Rossfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county, Norway.	Rossfjord Church	Norway
country	Lesiska (lɛˈɕiska) (German: Reichwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lesiska	Poland
country	The Koum Formation is a geological formation in the Northern Province of Cameroon, western Africa.	Koum Formation	Cameroon
country	The Interior Division is an administrative division of the state of Sabah in east Malaysia.	Interior Division	Malaysia
country	Jamal Kandi (Persian: جمال كندي‎, also Romanized as Jamāl Kandī) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jamal Kandi	Iran
country	Odisheim (in High German, in Low Saxon Godshem; literally in English: Wotan's home or God's home, respectively) is a municipality in the district of Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Odisheim	Germany
country	Sovietskyi (Ukrainian: Совєтський; Russian: Советский; Crimean Tatar: İçki) (until 1944, İçki) is an urban-type settlement in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Sovietskyi	Ukraine	Russia
country	Ross Bay Cemetery is located at 1516 Fairfield Road in Victoria, British Columbia, on Vancouver Island, Canada.	Ross Bay Cemetery	Canada
country	Sokhta (Georgian: სოხთა; Ossetian: Сохтæ, Soxtæ) is a settlement in the Dzau district of South Ossetia, a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed.	Sokhta	Georgia
country	Narsarsuaq Airport (Greenlandic: Mittarfik Narsarsuaq) (IATA: UAK, ICAO: BGBW) is an airport located in Narsarsuaq, a settlement in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland.	Narsarsuaq Airport	Greenland
country	Querini Island or Ostrov Kverini (Russian: Остров Кверини) is an island located in Franz Josef Land, Russia.	Querini Island	Russia
country	Krupki Raion is a second-level administrative subdivision (raion) of Minsk Voblast, Belarus.	Krupki Raion	Belarus
country	Balatonboglár, in Hungary, is a resort town situated on the south shore of Lake Balaton.	Balatonboglár	Hungary
country	Çankırı is the capital city of Çankırı Province, in Turkey, about 140 km (87 mi) northeast of Ankara.	Çankırı	Turkey
country	The Canton of Rennes-Nord is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in Rennes, Brittany.	Canton of Rennes-Nord	France
country	Nowa Boćwinka (ˈnɔva bɔt͡ɕˈfinka) (German: Neu Herandstal, until 1938 Neu Bodschwingken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Nowa Boćwinka	Poland
country	Nuevo Berlín (New Berlin) is a town in the Río Negro Department of western Uruguay.	Nuevo Berlín	Uruguay
country	Garnisons Cemetery (Danish: Garnisons Kirkegård) is a cemetery in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Garnisons Cemetery	Denmark
country	Frontignan-la Peyrade (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɔ̃tiɲɑ̃ lapɛˈʁad); Occitan: Frontinhan) is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.	Frontignan	France
country	The Ontario Municipal Board (OMB) is an independent administrative board, operated as an adjudicative tribunal, in the province of Ontario, Canada.	Ontario Municipal Board	Canada
country	Hallendrup is a small village located northeast of Hadsten, Aarhus, Denmark, GPS coordinates are 56° 22' 0`` North, 10° 7' 0'' East.	Hallendrup	Denmark
country	Miskolctapolca or Miskolc-Tapolca (formerly Görömböly-Tapolca, planned to be Tapolcafürdő after gaining independence from Miskolc, in colloquial speech known as Tapolca) is a suburb of Miskolc, and is one of the most popular tourist towns of Hungary.	Miskolctapolca	Hungary
country	Teslić (Serbian Cyrillic: Теслић) is a town and municipality in north-central Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Teslić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mashnaq (Persian: مشنق‎, also Romanized as Meshnaq; also known as Eslāmābād-e Mashnaq, Meshnak, and Moshnegh) is a village in Guney-ye Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mashnaq	Iran
country	Romont is a municipality and capital of the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Romont	Switzerland
country	Tanča Gora (pronounced (ˈtaːntʃa ˈɡɔːɾa); German: Tanzberg) is a settlement in the hills southwest of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Tanča Gora	Slovenia
country	Dhayet Bendhahoua (Arabic: ضية بن ضحوة‎) (also written Dayet Ben Dahoua) is a town and commune, coextensive with Dhayet Bendhahoua District, in Ghardaïa Province, Algeria.	Dhayet Bendhahoua	Algeria
country	The Seinäjoki railway station (Finnish: Seinäjoen rautatieasema) is located in the centre of city of Seinäjoki, Finland, at Valtionkatu 1.	Seinäjoki railway station	Finland
country	Maharloo Lake (Persian: دریاچه مهارلو‎) is a salt lake located 27 kilometres southeast of Shiraz, Iran.	Maharloo Lake	Iran
country	Grabowo Wielkie (ɡraˈbɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grabowo Wielkie	Poland
country	Sangapi Airport (IATA: SGK, ICAO: AYSK) is an airport serving the village of Sangapi, between Jgapa and Atemble, in the Madang Province of Papua New Guinea.	Sangapi Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Connemara National Park (Irish: Páirc Naisiúnta Chonamara) is one of six national parks in the Republic of Ireland that are managed by the National Parks and Wildlife Service of the Department of Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht.	Connemara National Park	Ireland
country	Brezje nad Kamnikom (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzjɛ nat ˈkaːmnikɔm)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Brezje nad Kamnikom	Slovenia
country	Balcarzowice ((balt͡saʐɔˈvit͡sɛ); German: Balzarowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Balcarzowice	Poland
country	Phetchabun Airport (Thai: ท่าอากาศยานเพชรบูรณ์) (IATA: PHY, ICAO: VTPB) is an airport serving Phetchabun, a province of northern Thailand.	Phetchabun Airport	Thailand
country	The Konstanz Minster or Konstanz Cathedral (German: Konstanzer Münster) is a historical building in Konstanz, southern Germany, the proto-cathedral of the former Roman Catholic diocese of Konstanz (dissolved in 1821).	Konstanz Minster	Germany
country	Toamasina (toˈmasinə̥), meaning ``like salt'' or ``salty'', unofficially and in French also Tamatave, is the capital of the Atsinanana region on the east coast of Madagascar on the Indian Ocean.	Toamasina	Madagascar
country	Auhausen is a municipality in the Swabian district Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany.	Auhausen	Germany
country	The Herbularium du Morvan (500 m²), more formally known as the Herbularium du parc naturel régional du Morvan, is a botanical garden with arboretum located at the Maison du Parc in the Parc naturel régional du Morvan, Saint-Brisson, Nièvre, Burgundy, France.	Herbularium du Morvan	France
country	The Paniyiri Greek Festival is held in May each year in Musgrave Park, Brisbane, Australia.	Paniyiri Greek Festival	Australia
country	Stepen (Serbian Cyrillic: Степен) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stepen	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Buenos Aires Botanical Garden (official name in Spanish: Jardín Botánico Carlos Thays de la Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires) is a botanical garden located in the Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires in Argentina.	Buenos Aires Botanical Garden	Argentina
country	Ambodirano (also known as Ambodirano-Andaingo) is a small village in Madagascar.	Ambodirano	Madagascar
country	Waabs (Danish: Vabs or Vabenæs) is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Waabs	Germany
country	Hanatiyeh (Persian: حنيطه‎, also Romanized as Ḩanaţīyeh; also known as Ḩanīţīyeh and Khanaţīyeh) is a village in Qaleh Chenan Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hanatiyeh	Iran
country	Mladé Buky (German: Jungbuch) is a market town and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Mladé Buky	Czech Republic
country	Senai International Airport, formerly known as Sultan Ismail International Airport (IATA: JHB, ICAO: WMKJ) (Malay: Lapangan Terbang Antarabangsa Senai; Jawi: لاڤڠن تربڠ انتارابڠسا سناي) is an airport located in the town of Senai, Kulai District, Johor, Malaysia.	Senai International Airport	Malaysia
country	Sifnos (Greek: Σίφνος; the spelling Siphnos is obsolete in English but still by convention often used to refer to the island in ancient times) is an island municipality in the Cyclades island group in Greece.	Sifnos	Greece
country	Tomb KV47, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Siptah of the Nineteenth Dynasty, though Siptah's mummy was found in KV35.	KV47	Egypt
country	The Allgemeiner Deutscher Fahrrad-Club (ADFC) (General German Bicycle Club) registered association is a traffic club for cyclists in Germany.	Allgemeiner Deutscher Fahrrad-Club	Germany
country	Smęgorzów (smɛŋˈɡɔʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Smęgorzów	Poland
country	Binədərəsi (Armenian: Բանաձոր Banadzor, Banazour, Banazur, Pnadzor, and Vanadzor) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan and Hadrut Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.	Binədərəsi	Azerbaijan
country	The Porta Capena was a gate in the Servian Wall near the Caelian Hill, in Rome, Italy according to Roman tradition the sacred grove where Numa Pompilius and the nymph Egeria would meet.	Porta Capena	Italy
country	Port Royal National Park is a proposed national park on the island Roatán in Honduras.	Port Royal National Park	Honduras
country	Biseulsan (비슬산) is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do, eastern South Korea.	Biseulsan	South Korea
country	Andalusia (/ˌændəˈluːsiəˌ -ziəˌ -ʒⁱə/; Spanish: Andalucía (andaluˈθi.a, -si.a)) is a south-western European region established as an autonomous community of the Kingdom of Spain.	Andalusia	Spain
country	Zuid Haffel (South Haffel) is a polder and village in the northwest of the Netherlands.	Zuid Haffel	Netherlands
country	Gaeta (Italian pronunciation: (ɡaˈeːta); Latin: Caieta, Ancient Greek: Καιέτα) is a city and comune in the province of Latina, in Lazio, central Italy.	Gaeta	Italy
country	The House of the First Print Shop in the Americas (Spanish: Casa de la Primera Imprenta de América) at the corner of Moneda and Licenciado Primo Verdad streets in Mexico City was the home of the first printing press/print shop in the New World.	House of the First Print Shop in the Americas	Mexico
country	Gowarzewo (ɡɔvaˈʐɛvɔ) (German: Ebenhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gowarzewo	Poland
country	K'ipakhara (Quechua k'ipa decomposed rests of plants in the field used as fertilizer, khara dung, hispanicized spelling Quepacara) is an archaeological site in Peru.	K'ipakhara	Peru
country	Äteritsiputeritsipuolilautatsijänkä is a bog region in Savukoski, Lapland in Finland.	Äteritsiputeritsipuolilautatsijänkä	Finland
country	Groß Pankow (Prignitz) is a municipality in Prignitz district, Brandenburg, Germany.	Groß Pankow (Prignitz)	Germany
country	Khenifra (Berber: Xnifṛa, ⵅⵏⵉⴼⵕⴰ, Arabic: خنيفرة‎) is a city in northern central Morocco, surrounded by the Atlas Mountains.	Khenifra	Morocco
country	The Durrës Amphitheatre (Albanian: Amfiteatri i Durrësit) is a large Roman amphitheatre in the city of Durrës, Albania.	Durrës Amphitheatre	Albania
country	Dellmensingen Castle is an early Baroque castle in the Upper Swabian village of Dellmensingen, now part of the city of Erbach, in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Dellmensingen Castle	Germany
country	Podskalie (Hungarian: Egyházasnádas) is a municipality (village) in Slovakia in the Považská Bystrica District.	Podskalie	Slovakia
country	Bozavand (also, Bozavend) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bozavand	Azerbaijan
country	REN TV (Russian: РЕН ТВ) is one of the largest private federal TV channels in Russia.	REN TV	Russia
country	Oleśnica (ɔlɛɕˈɲit͡sa) (German: Oels or Öls) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Oleśnica	Poland
country	Bà Chúa Xứ (Chữ nôm: 主處聖母, Chúa Xứ Thánh Mẫu, lit. ``Holy Mother of the Realm'') is a prosperity goddess of southern Vietnam's Thanism.	Bà Chúa Xứ	Vietnam
country	Aripo Cave (Aripo Main Cave) is a cave in the Northern Range, in Trinidad and Tobago.	Aripo Cave	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The Nakhon Si Thammarat Range (Thai: ทิวเขานครศรีธรรมราช, Thio Khao Nakhon Si Thammarat, (tʰiw kʰǎw náʔkʰɔːn sǐː tʰammarâːt)) is a mountain range on the Malay peninsula in southern Thailand, running in a north-south direction.	Nakhon Si Thammarat Range	Thailand
country	Solingen Hauptbahnhof is the only railway station in Solingen, Germany, to be served by ICE and IC long distance trains.	Solingen Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Paser Regency is a regency in East Kalimantan province in Indonesia, it is the southernmost regency of the East Kalimantan province.	Paser Regency	Indonesia
country	Şemdinli (Syriac: ܫܲܡ̱ܣܕܝܼܢ Shemsdin; Kurdish: Şemzînan‎) is a district located in the Hakkari Province of southeastern Turkey.	Şemdinli	Turkey
country	Nandipur Power Project is a 425 MW (with potential of 1,000 MW) combined cycle thermal power plant situated at Nandipur near Gujranwala in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Nandipur Power Project	Pakistan
country	Wicklow Mountains National Park (Irish: Páirc Náisiúnta Sléibhte Chill Mhantáin) is a 204.8-square-kilometre (50,600-acre) protected area in Ireland, one of six national parks in the country.	Wicklow Mountains National Park	Ireland
country	Kullahalvöns vingård is a vineyard located in Höganäs Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden and is run by winemaker Lillebror Fridh.	Kullahalvöns vingård	Sweden
country	Hotel Mehran, is considered as a four-star hotel located at Main Shara-e-Faisal, Karachi, Pakistan.	Hotel Mehran	Pakistan
country	The Guasú Front (Spanish: Frente Guasú; Guasú being the Guarani word for ``big'', ``large'' or ``great'') is a left-wing electoral alliance in Paraguay for the general election in 2013.	Guasú Front	Paraguay
country	Dzorastan (Armenian: Ձորաստան; formerly, Khlatag and Akhtakhana) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Dzorastan	Armenia
country	Sławki Górne (ˈswafki ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sławki Górne	Poland
country	Yabus is a town in Blue Nile State in south-eastern Sudan near the borders with Ethiopia and South Sudan.	Yabus	Sudan
country	The 1904 Douliu earthquake (Chinese: 1904年斗六地震; pinyin: 1904 nián Dǒuliù dìzhèn) struck central Taiwan with a magnitude of 6.1 at 04:25 on November 6.	1904 Douliu earthquake	Taiwan
country	Tyssestrengene falls are waterfalls east of the village of Tyssedal in the municipality of Odda, in Hordaland county, Norway.	Tyssestrengene	Norway
country	Montserrat Airways Ltd (MA LTD), trading as FlyMontserrat, is an airline with its headquarters at John A. Osborne Airport in Gerald's, Montserrat, British West Indies.	FlyMontserrat	British West Indies
country	The Delegate River Diversion Tunnel is a Victorian gold rush diversion tunnel on the Delegate River in east Gippsland, Victoria, Australia - approximately 70 km north-east of Orbost .	Delegate River Diversion Tunnel	Australia
country	The I-Shou International School, a bilingual school, is located next to E-Da World and I-Shou University in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	I-Shou International School	Taiwan
country	Western Leone is a Western-style theme park in the province of Almeria, Andalusia (Spain).	Western Leone	Spain
country	Burlaki (burˈlaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Burlaki	Poland
country	Kloostri (German: Klosterhof) is a village in Lihula Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia.	Kloostri	Estonia
country	The Fifth Battle of the Isonzo was fought from March 9--15, 1916 between the armies of the Kingdom of Italy and those of Austria-Hungary.	Fifth Battle of the Isonzo	Italy
country	Valtetsi (Greek: Βαλτέτσι) is a former municipality in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Valtetsi	Greece
country	Kazakh-British Technical University, or KBTU is a research and educational institution located in Almaty, Kazakhstan.	Kazakh-British Technical University	Kazakhstan
country	Oasis LRT Station (PE6) is an LRT station on the Punggol LRT Line East Loop in Singapore.	Oasis LRT Station	Singapore
country	Štramberk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʃtrambɛrk); German: Stramberg) is a small town in the Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic, next to Kopřivnice.	Štramberk	Czech Republic
country	Tado (formerly Ezame) is a village in south east Togo, near the border with Benin.	Tado	Togo
country	The Boghra Irrigation Canal is a man-made canal some 155 kilometres long in central Afghanistan in Helmand Province, serving to divert water from the Helmand River and the Arghandab for farmland.	Boghra Irrigation Canal	Afghanistan
country	Aqa Mohammad Beyglu (Persian: اقامحمدبيگلو‎, also Romanized as Āqā Moḩammad Beyglū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Aqa Mohammad Beyglu	Iran
country	Shamshir Khaneh (Persian: شمشيرخانه‎, also Romanized as Shamshīr Khāneh; also known as Shamshīr Khānī) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Shamshir Khaneh	Iran
country	Pekan Air Panas is a small town in Segamat District, Johor, Malaysia, which is named after the hot springs available there.	Pekan Air Panas	Malaysia
country	Kavir Kaj (Persian: كويركاج‎, also Romanized as Kavīr Kāj; also known as Kavīr Kach and Kavīr Kūshk) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kavir Kaj	Iran
country	Telegate (FWB: TGT) is a communications company based in Martinsried, Germany, providing directory assistance services to callers in Germany, Spain, and Italy.	Telegate	Germany
country	The Near Caves or the Caves of Saint Anthony(Ukrainian: Ближні печери, Blyzhni pechery; Russian: Ближние пещеры, Blizhnie peschery) are historic caves and a network of tunnels of the medieval cave monastery of Kiev Pechersk Lavra in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Near Caves	Ukraine
country	Le Délit, also known as Le Délit français, is an independent francophone newspaper on the McGill University campus, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Le Délit français	Canada
country	The Komödie im Bayerischen Hof is a large private theater in the Hotel Bayerischer Hof, Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Komödie im Bayerischen Hof	Germany
country	Fresnéu (Spanish: Fresnedo) is one of six parishes (administrative divisions) in Cabranes, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Fresnéu	Spain
country	Hawara is an archaeological site of Ancient Egypt, south of the site of Crocodilopolis ('Arsinoe', also known as 'Medinet al-Faiyum') at the entrance to the depression of the Fayyum oasis.	Hawara	Egypt
country	Lokhaniemi (Lihaniemi before 1948, Russian: полуостров Лоханиеми, Finnish: Lihaniemi) is a peninsula along the eastern shore of the Bay of Vyborg (in the Gulf of Finland of the Baltic Sea), at its narrowest point, between the Bay Tikhaya and Bay Medyanskaya.	Lokhaniemi	Finland
country	Gargždelė is a village located 2 km (1.2 mi) south-east of Salantai in Kretinga district municipality, Lithuania.	Gargždelė	Lithuania
country	Polšina (pronounced (pɔu̯ˈʃiːna) or (ˈpoːu̯ʃina)) is a small settlement southeast of Trojane in central Slovenia.	Polšina	Slovenia
country	Barqueiros became daily news in Portugal in the 1980s due to mass protests by the citizens of Barqueiros against the mining of Kaolin.	Barqueiros	Portugal
country	Samo ku waar (``Long Life with Peace'') is the national anthem of Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia.	Samo ku waar	Somaliland
country	Gascones is a municipality of the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain.	Gascones	Spain
country	Chub Bast (Persian: چوب بست‎, also Romanized as Chūb Bast; also known as Chūbast) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chub Bast	Iran
country	Jbel Ayachi (Arabic: جبل العياشي‎) is one of the highest mountains in North Africa, and anchors the Eastern High Atlas in central Morocco.	Jbel Ayachi	Morocco
country	Wallaceville is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand.	Wallaceville	New Zealand
country	Operation Martlet (also known as Operation Dauntless) was part of the series of Allied attacks to capture the town of Caen and environs from German forces in Normandy, France, during the Second World War.	Operation Martlet	France
country	The City Municipality of Maribor, also the City of Maribor (Slovene: Mestna občina Maribor, acronym MOM) is one of eleven city municipalities in Slovenia.	City Municipality of Maribor	Slovenia
country	Bothaville is a maize farming town situated near the Vaal River in the Lejweleputswa DM of the Free State province, South Africa.	Bothaville	South Africa
country	Sundbyberg Church is the main church of Sundbyberg, in Sweden, and is a part of the Church of Sweden.	Sundbyberg Church	Sweden
country	Cham Khazam-e Do (Persian: چم خزام دو‎, also Romanized as Cham Khazām-e Do; also known as Chamkharām-e Do and Chamkhazām) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham Khazam-e Do	Iran
country	Kingirban (also spelled Kingerban and Kingarban) is a Kurdish village in the Kifri District of Diyala Governorate, Iraq.	Kingirban	Iraq
country	Visperud is a neighborhood in Lørenskog, Norway, right on the border to Oslo.	Visperud	Norway
country	Kasf (Persian: كاسف‎, also Romanized as Kāsf) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District, in the Central District of Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kasf	Iran
country	Saint-Quentin Aerodrome (TC LID: CDC4), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northwest of Saint-Quentin, New Brunswick, Canada.	Saint-Quentin Aerodrome	Canada
country	Spread in over 1.2 square kilometers, Gaur Yamuna City is developed by Gaursons India.	Gaur Yamuna City	India
country	The Zeller Valley (German: Zellertal) is a valley in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany.	Zeller Valley	Germany
country	Ansonica Costa dell'Argentario is a dry Italian white wine from the region of Tuscany, Italy.	Ansonica Costa dell'Argentario	Italy
country	Afantou (Greek: Αφάντου) is a village and a former municipality on the island of Rhodes, in the Dodecanese, Greece.	Afantou	Greece
country	Ardeuil-et-Montfauxelles is a French commune in the Ardennes department in the Champagne-Ardenne region of northern France.	Ardeuil-et-Montfauxelles	France
country	Saint-Lambert-de-Lauzon Aerodrome, (TC LID: CST7), is located 1.8 nautical miles (3.3 km; 2.1 mi) southeast of Saint-Lambert-de-Lauzon, Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Lambert-de-Lauzon Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Memorial of Rebirth (Memorialul Renaşterii in Romanian) is a memorial in Bucharest, Romania that commemorates the struggles and victims of the Romanian Revolution of 1989, which overthrew Communism.	Memorial of Rebirth	Romania
country	Kamshet is located in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra, India, 110 km from Mumbai City, and 45 km from Pune in Pune district.	Kamshet	India
country	Păsăreni (Hungarian: Backamadaras, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbɒtskɒmɒdɒrɒʃ)) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania composed of three villages:	Păsăreni	Romania
country	Maarin (Arabic: معرين‎, also spelled Ma'arrin) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located west of Hama.	Maarin	Syria
country	Fölsen is a small village in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany with about 200 inhabitants.	Fölsen	Germany
country	Kreis Jerwen (Kreis Weissenstein, Järva kreis, Paide kreis, Йервенский уезд, Вейсенштейнский уезд) was one of the four subdivisions of the Governorate of Estonia of the Russian Empire.	Kreis Jerwen	Russian Empire
country	Banu Sahra (Persian: بانوصحرا‎, also Romanized as Bānū Şaḩrā; also known as Bālsahra) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Banu Sahra	Iran
country	Freckleben is a former municipality in the district of Salzlandkreis, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Freckleben	Germany
country	Bembezi is a small settlement in Matabeleland North, Zimbabwe and is located about 43 km north-east of Bulawayo.	Bembezi	Zimbabwe
country	Somaqestan-e Sofla (Persian: سماقستان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Somāqestān-e Soflá) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Somaqestan-e Sofla	Iran
country	West Nalaut Island is an island in northern Palawan, in the Philippines.	West Nalaut Island	Philippines
country	Bani Dahman is a village in western central Yemen.	Bani Dahman	Yemen
country	Zainsk (Russian: Заи́нск; Tatar Cyrillic: Зәй, Latin: Zäy) is a town in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the Stepnoy Zay River (Kama's tributary), 287 kilometers (178 mi) east of Kazan.	Zainsk	Russia
country	Nader Qeshlaqi (Persian: نادرقشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Nāder Qeshlāqī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Nader Qeshlaqi	Iran
country	Bandar Putra Kulai is a medium-sized mixed-development township, built by IOI Group from 2001 to present, in Kulai District, Johor, Malaysia.	Bandar Putra Kulai	Malaysia
country	The Grotta dello Smeraldo (Italian for ``Emerald Grotto'') is a cave, partly inundated by the sea and located in Conca dei Marini, Italy, on the Amalfi Coast.	Grotta dello Smeraldo	Italy
country	Nurulu (also, Nuruly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nurulu	Azerbaijan
country	Palodeia (Greek: Παλόδεια) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 2 km south of Paramytha and 7 km north of the centre of Limassol.	Palodeia	Cyprus
country	Inwa or Ava (Burmese: အင်းဝမြို့; MLCTS: ang:wa.mrui., IPA: (ʔɪ́ɴwa̰ mjo̰) or (ʔəwa̰ mjo̰); also spelled Innwa), located in Mandalay Region, Burma (Myanmar), is an ancient imperial capital of successive Burmese kingdoms from the 14th to 19th centuries.	Inwa	Myanmar
country	Steyrermühl is a settlement in Upper Austria, Austria in the area of Laakirchen.	Steyrermühl	Austria
country	Czymanowo (t͡ʂɨmaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czymanowo	Poland
country	Mumeneh (Persian: مومنه‎, also Romanized as Mūmeneh) is a village in Tarrah Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mumeneh	Iran
country	The Seoul National Cemetery (Hangul: 국립서울현충원; MR: Kungnip Sŏul Hyŏnch'ungwŏn) is located in Dongjak-dong, Dongjak-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Seoul National Cemetery	South Korea
country	Shtraklevo (Bulgarian: Щръклево) is a village in northern Bulgaria.	Shtraklevo	Bulgaria
country	Krepeni (Greek: Κρεπενή) is a village in Greece near the lake of Kastoria.	Krepeni	Greece
country	The Alberta Pandas women's ice hockey team represents the University of Alberta in the Canada West Universities Athletic Association of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport athletic association.	Alberta Pandas women's ice hockey	Canada
country	Mathihalli is a village about 100 kilometres from Bellary in Karnataka, India.	Mathihalli	India
country	The Dobrinești River or Dobricionești River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania The river rises in the Izbucul Gălăşeni, located on the northern part of the Ciungilor Plateau of the Pădurea Craiului Mountains.	Dobrinești River	Romania
country	Ercsi is a town in central Hungary, located around 35 km south of Budapest in county Fejér.	Ercsi	Hungary
country	Jalan Syed Abdullah Aziz or Malacca Coastal Highway, Federal Route 192, is a coastal highway in Malacca City, Malacca, Malaysia.	Jalan Syed Abdullah Aziz	Malaysia
country	Škrjančevo (pronounced (ʃkəˈɾjaːntʃɛʋɔ)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River south of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Škrjančevo	Slovenia
country	Cheekye is an unincorporated locality on the Cheakamus River just upstream from its confluence with its parent stream, the Squamish, and just north of Brackendale, British Columbia, which is part of the District of Squamish, British Columbia, Canada.	Cheekye	Canada
country	The Rikoti Pass (Georgian: რიკოთის უღელტეხილი) (el. 996 metres or 3,268 feet) is a mountain pass in the southern portion of the Likhi Range, a spur of the Greater Caucasus which divides Georgia into its western and eastern parts.	Rikoti Pass	Georgia
country	Almopia (Greek: Αλμωπία), or Enotia, also known in the middle ages as Moglena (Greek: Μογλενά, Macedonian: Меглен and Bulgarian: Мъглен), is a municipality and a former province (επαρχία) of the Pella regional unit in Macedonia, Greece.	Almopia	Greece
country	The University of Palencia was founded by Alfonso VIII at the request of Bishop Tello Téllez de Meneses and was the first university of Spain.	University of Palencia	Spain
country	Santiago de Chuco is a city in Peru, capital of Santiago de Chuco Province, La Libertad Region.	Santiago de Chuco	Peru
country	The main stop is the railway station, Riga Central Station, which operates all passenger trains within Latvia.	Riga Central Station	Latvia
country	Evmoiro (Greek: Εύμοιρο) is a community in the municipality of Xanthi, northern Greece.	Evmoiro	Greece
country	SC Schwanenstadt was an Austrian football club from Schwanenstadt, Upper Austria.	SC Schwanenstadt	Austria
country	Al-Kilabiyah (Arabic = الكلابية) is a village in eastern Saudi Arabia in Al-Ahsa and one of the eastern villages.	Al-Kilabiyah	Saudi Arabia
country	TER Alsace is the regional rail network serving the région of Alsace, eastern France.	TER Alsace	France
country	Estadio Municipal de San Miguel Petapa, or Estadio Julio Armando Cobar, is a multi-use stadium in San Miguel Petapa, Guatemala.	Estadio Municipal de San Miguel Petapa	Guatemala
country	Coimbra Airport (IATA: CBP, ICAO: LPCO), also known as Bissaya Barreto Aerodrome (Portuguese: Aeródromo Municipal Bissaya Barreto), is an airport serving Coimbra, Portugal.	Coimbra Airport	Portugal
country	Lademoen Church (Norwegian: Lademoen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Lademoen Church	Norway
country	Sartelan (Persian: سرتلان‎, also Romanized as Sartelān) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sartelan	Iran
country	Kani Bagh (Persian: كاني باغ‎, also Romanized as Kānī Bāgh) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Bagh	Iran
country	Nianing is a city in Petite Côte, Senegal, south of Dakar, 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) from M'Bour.	Nianing	Senegal
country	Whipps Cross University Hospital is an NHS-run university hospital in Whipps Cross, Waltham Forest, London, United Kingdom which housed London's first hyperbaric unit.	Whipps Cross University Hospital	United Kingdom
country	Masyaf (Arabic: مصياف‎ Miṣyāf) is a city in northwestern Syria, in the Hama Governorate.	Masyaf	Syria
country	Wiśnicze (viɕˈnit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wiśnicze	Poland
country	Osweiler (Luxembourgish: Uesweller) is a small town in the commune of Rosport, in eastern Luxembourg.	Osweiler	Luxembourg
country	Khan Mohammadlu (Persian: خان محمدلو‎, also Romanized as Khān Moḩammadlū; also known as Khān Moḩammad) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khan Mohammadlu	Iran
country	Aurlandsvangen is the administrative center of the municipality of Aurland in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Aurlandsvangen	Norway
country	Gorjuša (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾjuːʃa)) is a small village in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Gorjuša	Slovenia
country	Kirchheim or Kirchheim in Schwaben (engl. Kirchheim in Swabia) is a municipality and a market town in the district of Unterallgäu in the region of Swabia (Schwaben) in the south-west of Bavaria, Germany.	Kirchheim in Schwaben	Germany
country	Jaldian (Persian: جلديان‎, also Romanized as Jaldīān, Jaldīyān, and Jaldeyān; also known as Jildīān) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jaldian	Iran
country	Beica Airport is an airport in Beica (or Begi), Ethiopia (IATA: BEI, ICAO: HABE).	Beica Airport	Ethiopia
country	Baekje Military Museum is a public museum in Nonsan, South Korea elucidating the military history of the later Baekje kingdom.	Baekje Military Museum	South Korea
country	Pedoulas (Greek: Πεδουλάς) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located at an altitude of 1 100 m in the Troodos Mountains, 4 km south of Moutoullas.	Pedoulas	Cyprus
country	Femundsmarka National Park (Norwegian: Femundsmarka nasjonalpark) is a national park in Norway.	Femundsmarka National Park	Norway
country	Dirfys (Greek: Δίρφυς) is a former municipality in Euboea, Greece, named after Mount Dirfys.	Dirfys	Greece
country	Gandzakar (Armenian: Գանձաքար, also Romanized as Gandzak’ar;) is a town in the Tavush province of Armenia.	Gandzakar	Armenia
country	Residency Towers Chennai is a four-star luxury hotel located at T. Nagar, Chennai, India.	Residency Towers Chennai	India
country	The Frontier Region Tank (often abbreviated as FR Tank) is a small administrative unit in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) of Pakistan.	Frontier Region Tank	Pakistan
country	The Tacna Courthouse (Casa Jurídica) is located in the city of Tacna in Peru.	Tacna Courthouse	Peru
country	Lyaskovets (Bulgarian: Лясковец) is a town in central northern Bulgaria, located in Veliko Tarnovo Province, 10 km northeast of Veliko Tarnovo, 2 km southeast of Gorna Oryahovitsa and 5 km south of the Yantra River, north of the Balkan Mountains.	Lyaskovets	Bulgaria
country	Nombre de Dios, Durango is a city and seat of the municipality of Nombre de Dios, in the state of Durango, north-western Mexico.	Nombre de Dios, Durango	Mexico
country	The Keppel Bay Bridge (Chinese: 吉宝湾桥, Malay: Jambatan Teluk Keppel) is the longest cable-stayed bridge in Singapore, spanning 250 metres across the strait linking the private Keppel Island to mainland.	Keppel Bay Bridge	Singapore
country	Jat Airways (Serbian pronunciation: (jât)) was the national flag carrier and largest airline of Serbia, and formerly Yugoslavia.	Jat Airways	Serbia
country	Os Pinos (Galician pronunciation: (os ˈpinos), ``The Pines'') is the official anthem of Galicia, in Spain.	Os Pinos	Galicia
country	Latina Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di San Marco, Duomo di Latina) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, dedicated to Saint Mark, situated in the centre of the city of Latina, Lazio, Italy.	Latina Cathedral	Italy
country	Waliso or Woliso (also known as Ghion, which is also transliterated ``Giyon'' which was given by emperor Haile Selassie I and this name was no longer used after the fall of his regime as the town has the original name Waliso ) is a town and separate woreda in central Ethiopia.	Waliso	Ethiopia
country	Avaskär is a village, with chapel and cemetery, in Kristianopel parish in eastern Blekinge in Sweden.	Avaskär	Sweden
country	The Battle of Alvøen was a sea battle of the Gunboat War between Denmark-Norway and the United Kingdom.	Battle of Alvøen	Denmark
country	The Fondazione Querini Stampalia is a cultural institution in Venice, Italy, founded in 1869 at the behest of Conte Giovanni (Count John), the last descendant of the Venetian Querini Stampalia family.	Fondazione Querini Stampalia	Italy
country	General Urquiza is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in north-eastern Argentina.	General Urquiza	Argentina
country	Mocho-Choshuenco (Pronounced: /ˈmɒtʃoʊ tʃɒsˈwɛnkoʊ/ MO-choh CHOS-wen-KOH) is a glacier covered compound stratovolcano in the Andes of Los Ríos Region, Chile.	Mocho-Choshuenco	Chile
country	In 2010, The Waterfront Barrow-in-Furness ranked as the ninetieth most costly regeneration project in the United Kingdom by Regeneration & Renewal.	The Waterfront Barrow-in-Furness	United Kingdom
country	Tolombeh-ye Abbas Ghafrani (Persian: تلمبه عباس غفراني‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAbbās Ghafrānī) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Abbas Ghafrani	Iran
country	Busha (Ukrainian: Буша, Polish: Busza) is a village on the junction of the Murafa and Bushanka Rivers in Yampilskyi Raion, Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine.	Busha	Ukraine
country	Haabersti is one of the 8 administrative districts (Estonian: linnaosa) of Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Haabersti	Estonia
country	Cureña Forest Reserve is a Forest Reserve, part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area, in the northern part of Costa Rica about 80 miles (130 km) north of San José, to the east of Boca Tapada.	Cureña Forest Reserve	Costa Rica
country	The Black Watch Armoury is a Scottish baronial-style armoury in Montreal, completed in 1906 to house the 5th Regiment ``Royal Highlanders of Canada'' (now the Black Watch (Royal Highland Regiment) of Canada).	Black Watch Armoury	Canada
country	Hinglaj (Balochi: هنگلاج, Sindhi: هنگلاج‎, Urdu: ﮨنگلاج‎, Sanskrit: हिङ्ग्लाज, Hindi: हिंगलाज) is an important Hindu pilgrimage place in Balochistan, Pakistan and Kuldevi of many Kshatriya, Charan and other Hindu Communities of India.	Hinglaj	Pakistan
country	Klébergsskóli is an elementary school in Reykjavík, Iceland for pupils from the age of 6 until the age of 16, when they finish their elementary studies.	Klébergsskóli	Iceland
country	Roje pri Čatežu (pronounced (ˈɾoːjɛ pɾi ˈtʃaːtɛʒu)) is a small settlement south of Čatež in the Municipality of Trebnje in Slovenia.	Roje pri Čatežu	Slovenia
country	Selçuk University (Turkish: Selçuk Üniversitesi) is state-owned higher educational institution, which was founded 1975 in Konya, Turkey.	Selçuk University	Turkey
country	Owdak Duji (Persian: اودك دوجي‎, also Romanized as Owdak Dūjī; also known as Dūjī Owdak) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Owdak Duji	Iran
country	Sitagroi (Greek: Σιταγροί) is a village and a former municipality in the Drama regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Sitagroi	Greece
country	Choeng Doi (Thai: เชิงดอย) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Doi Saket District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Choeng Doi	Thailand
country	Gislaved is a locality and the seat of Gislaved Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 10,037 inhabitants in 2010, out of a municipal total of nearly 30,000.	Gislaved	Sweden
country	Perche (French pronunciation: ​(pɛʁʃ)) is a former province of northwestern France extending over the departments of Orne, Eure, Eure-et-Loir, Loir-et-Cher and Sarthe, which were created from Perche during the French Revolution.	Perche	France
country	The John Monash Scholarships are amongst the most important postgraduate scholarships currently available in Australia.	John Monash Scholars	Australia
country	Clifton Hill Shot Tower is an 80-metre (263 ft) tall shot tower on Clifton Hill in Melbourne, Australia.	Clifton Hill Shot Tower	Australia
country	Mooinooi is a platinum and palladium mining town in the North West province of South Africa, roughly halfway between Brits and Rustenburg.	Mooinooi	South Africa
country	Civia is the name for a class of electric multiple unit trains built by CAF and Siemens for the RENFE Cercanías commuter railway networks in Spain.	Civia	Spain
country	Kościerzyna (kɔɕt͡ɕeˈʐɨna) (Kashubian/Pomeranian: Kòscérzëna, former German: Berent ) is a town in Kashubia in Gdańsk Pomerania region, northern Poland, with some 24,000 inhabitants.	Kościerzyna	Poland
country	Irakleides (Greek: Ηρακλείδες) is a former municipality on the island of Kos, in the Dodecanese, Greece.	Irakleides	Greece
country	Lushab-e Fariman (Persian: لوشاب فريمان‎, also Romanized as Lūshāb-e Farīmān; also known as Lūshāb, Lūshāb-e Qalandarābād, and Lushal) is a village in Fariman Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Lushab-e Fariman	Iran
country	Cheung Tsing Tunnel, also spelled Cheung Ching Tunnel, is a dual tube 3-lane tunnel on Tsing Yi Island, Hong Kong.	Cheung Tsing Tunnel	Hong Kong
country	The A27 autoroute is a toll free autoroute in northern France, approximately 9.7 kilometres (6.0 mi) long.	A27 autoroute	France
country	Łabiszyn (waˈbʲiʂɨn) (German: Labischin / Lüderitz) is a small town in Żnin County, in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland, with 4,403 inhabitants (2004).	Łabiszyn	Poland
country	Zawidy (zaˈvidɨ) (German Soweiden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zawidy	Poland
country	Jije Station is a subway station located in Pyeongtaek, South Korea.	Jije Station	South Korea
country	Offinso, the once capital of Offinso District is a town in the Offinso Municipality in the Ashanti Region of Ghana - the town is about fifteen minutes drive from Kumasi, the capital of the Region; due to Offinso's proximity to Kumasi, many of the Offinso natives have relocated to Kumasi.	Offinso	Ghana
country	Ganyesa is a town of about 19,000 people in the North West province of South Africa.	Ganyesa	South Africa
country	German submarine U-233 was a Type XB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down on 15 August 1941, launched on 8 May 1943 and commissioned on 22 September of the same year.	German submarine U-233	Nazi Germany
country	Jeziorzyce (jɛʑɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Jeziorzyce	Poland
country	Karytaina or Karitaina (Greek: Καρύταινα or Καρίταινα) is a village and a community in Arcadia, Greece.	Karytaina	Greece
country	The Kandadji Dam, when completed, will be a large multipurpose dam on the Niger River.	Kandadji Dam	Niger
country	The Yawal Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the Yawal Tehsil of Jalgaon district of Maharashtra, India.	Yawal Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	The Kasteelcross Zonnebeke is a cyclo-cross race held in Zonnebeke, Belgium every January.	Kasteelcross Zonnebeke	Belgium
country	The Lima Blanco Municipality is one of the nine municipalities (municipios) that make up the Venezuelan state of Cojedes and, according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 9,454.	Lima Blanco Municipality	Venezuela
country	Nowbijar (Persian: نوبيجار‎, also Romanized as Nowbījār) is a village in Layalestan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nowbijar	Iran
country	Ramat Raziel (Hebrew: רָמַת רָזִיאֵל, lit. Raziel Heights) is a moshav in central Israel.	Ramat Raziel	Israel
country	Feffernitz is a sub-municipality of Paternion in the Villach district of the Carinthia in Austria, the site of a post World War II British sector displaced person camp.	Feffernitz	Austria
country	Mindelo (Cape Verdean Creole: Mindel'') is a port city in the northern part of the island of São Vicente in Cape Verde.	Mindelo	Cape Verde
country	Rožaje (Bosnian and Montenegrin: Rožaje, Рожаје, pronounced (rɔ̂ʒajɛ)), is a town in northeastern Montenegro.	Rožaje	Montenegro
country	Winston Churchill GO Station is a GO Transit bus station under construction in the community of Erin Mills in western Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Winston Churchill GO Station	Canada
country	Agios Panteleimonas (Greek: Άγιος Παντελεήμωνας) is a small coastal settlement in the community of Lechaina, Greece.	Agios Panteleimonas	Greece
country	The Dampfzentrale (``steam center'') is a cultural centre and music venue and former fossil fuel power plant in Bern, Switzerland.	Dampfzentrale	Switzerland
country	Terras do Desembargador was a football dirt field in Lisbon, Portugal.	Terras do Desembargador	Portugal
country	Wat Aranyawiwake (Thai script: วัดอรัญญวิเวก, RTGS: Wat Aranyawiwek), also known as Wat Ban Pong (Thai script: วัดบ้านปง) is a monastery (``Wat'') in the Thai Forest Tradition of the Theravada lineage of Buddhism located in Mae Taeng, Chiang Mai Province, northern Thailand.	Wat Aranyawiwake	Thailand
country	The RBC Bronwen Wallace Award for Emerging Writers is a Canadian literary award, presented annually by the Writers' Trust of Canada to a writer under 35 who has not yet published his or her first book.	RBC Bronwen Wallace Award for Emerging Writers	Canada
country	Gleixhe is a hamlet in the municipality of Flémalle in the province of Liège, Belgium.	Gleixhe	Belgium
country	Baba Jani-ye Shah Morad (Persian: باباجاني شاهمراد‎, also Romanized as Bābā Jānī-ye Shāh Morād; also known as Bābā Jānī) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baba Jani-ye Shah Morad	Iran
country	Harbax Singh Stadium is a sports stadium in Delhi, India, which hosts cricket matches, including part of the 1997 Women's Cricket World Cup.	Harbax Singh Stadium	India
country	Estehkam (Persian: استحكام‎, also Romanized as Esteḩkām; also known as Esteḩkām-e Jonūbī, Estekān, and Estīkān) is a village in Takab Rural District, Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Estehkam	Iran
country	Murtenica (Serbian Cyrillic: Муртеница) is a mountain in western Serbia, forming the southern part of Zlatibor highland.	Murtenica	Serbia
country	Gazin Rural District (Persian: دهستان گزين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gazin Rural District	Iran
country	Shah Heydar (Persian: شاه حيدر‎, also Romanized as Shāh Ḩeydar) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shah Heydar	Iran
country	Ongniud Banner (Mongolian: ᠣᠩᠨᠢᠭᠤᠳ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Oŋniɣud qosiɣu; Chinese: 翁牛特旗; pinyin: Wēngniútè Qí) is a banner of eastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Ongniud Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Putscheid (Luxembourgish: Pëtscht) is a commune and village in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Putscheid	Luxembourg
country	Nyborg is a city in central Denmark, located in Nyborg Municipality on the island of Funen and with a population of 16,528 (as of 1 January 2014).	Nyborg	Denmark
country	Altavilla Silentina is a town and comune located in the province of Salerno, Campania, some 100 km south of Naples, Italy.	Altavilla Silentina	Italy
country	The Skwah First Nation or Skwah Band is a band government of the Sto:lo people in the area of the City of Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.	Skwah First Nation	Canada
country	Dalkarlsån is a river in Sweden located in Västerbotten.	Dalkarlsån	Sweden
country	Fyli (Greek: Φυλή) is a town and a municipality in the northwestern part of Attica, Greece.	Fyli	Greece
country	Hlane Royal National Park is a park in Swaziland, roughly 67 km northeast of Manzini along the MR3 road.	Hlane Royal National Park	Swaziland
country	The Val Viola Pass (Italian: Passo di Val Viola, Romansh: Pass da Val Viola) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Val Viola Pass	Switzerland	Italy
country	Filotas (Greek: Φιλώτας) is a village and a former municipality in Florina regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Filotas	Greece
country	The Prague Metro (Pražské metro) is the rapid transit network of Prague, Czech Republic.	Prague Metro	Czech Republic
country	Kociuba (kɔˈt͡ɕuba) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rachanie, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kociuba	Poland
country	Tumbura, sometimes spelled Tambora or Tambura, is a town in South Sudan.	Tumbura	South Sudan
country	Oberschule am Elsengrund was a school in Mahlsdorf in Berlin, Germany.	Oberschule am Elsengrund	Germany
country	Carnevale in Adelaide is an annual Italian festival held in Adelaide, South Australia which follows the centuries-old Christian tradition of Carnevale which is the last celebration before Ash Wednesday and the beginning of Lent - see Carnival.	Carnevale in Adelaide	Australia
country	Praroman is a locality in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.	Praroman	Switzerland
country	Mokket (Russian: Моккет) is the rural locality (a Station) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Mokket	Russia
country	Lake Sennitsa (Russian: Сенница) is a sweetwater lake in Nevelsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia adjacent to the Belarus--	Lake Sennitsa	Russia
country	Seifhennersdorf (Upper Sorbian: Zaruž, Lower Sorbian: Wodowe Hendrichecy) is a town in the district Görlitz, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Seifhennersdorf	Germany
country	Chozas de Canales is a small farming village and municipality in the province of Toledo, part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Chozas de Canales	Spain
country	Campillos is a municipality and town in the province of Málaga, part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain.	Campillos	Spain
country	Buyspoort Pass, (also spelled Buispoort) is a mountain pass located in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa on the National N9 road (South Africa), between Uniondale and Willowmore.	Buyspoort	South Africa
country	Eshkanan Communication Station (Persian: ارتباط پاسگاه اشكنان‎ -- Ārtebāţ Pāsgāh-e Eshkanān) is a village and company town in Eshkanan Rural District, Eshkanan District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Eshkanan Communication Station	Iran
country	As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act, Juna Jashapar village is administrated by Sarpanch (Head of Village) who is elected representative of the village.	Juna Jashapar	India
country	Laikipia County is one of the 47 counties of Kenya, located on the Equator in the former Rift Valley Province of the country.	Laikipia County	Kenya
country	Shaver Falls is an 11 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found on the Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area property in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Shaver Falls	Canada
country	Jigrashen Avetyats Church (Armenian: Ջիգրաշեն Ավետյաց եկեղեցի; Russian: Церковь Джиграшен св. Аветьяц) was an Armenian Apostolic church in Tbilisi, Georgia.	Jigrashen Avetyats Church	Georgia
country	Palmerston North Intermediate Normal School (commonly known as PNINS - said PIN-INS) is a state coeducational intermediate school for year seven and year eight, boys and girls located in the central area of Palmerston North, New Zealand.	Palmerston North Intermediate Normal School	New Zealand
country	Agen Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Saint-Caprais d'Agen) is a Roman Catholic cathedral built in the 12th century as a church, a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Agen, Lot-et-Garonne, Aquitaine, France.	Agen Cathedral	France
country	Ersange (Luxembourgish: Ierseng, German: Ersingen) is a village in the commune of Waldbredimus, in south-eastern Luxembourg.	Ersange	Luxembourg
country	Gulf Air Flight 771 was a flight from Karachi, Pakistan to Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	Gulf Air Flight 771	United Arab Emirates
country	Bodegas Vega Sicilia is a Spanish winery located in the Ribera del Duero Denominacion de Origen in Valladolid, Castilla y León (North of Spain).	Vega Sicilia	Spain
country	Rudlov (Hungarian: Ércfalva) is a village and obec (municipality) in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Rudlov	Slovakia
country	Stockholm International School (SIS) is an independent primary through secondary school in Stockholm, Sweden, organized around an international education modeled on the International Primary Curriculum and International Baccalaureate guidelines.	Stockholm International School	Sweden
country	Hauts-de-Seine (pronounced: (o.də.sɛn); literally ``Seine Heights'') is a department of France.	Hauts-de-Seine	France
country	Heyshope Dam is a zoned earth-fill type dam located on the Assegaai River, Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Heyshope Dam	South Africa
country	Leirfjorden is a fjord in the municipalities of Leirfjord and Alstahaug in Nordland county, Norway.	Leirfjorden	Norway
country	The Bude Canal was a canal built to serve the hilly hinterland in the Devon and Cornwall border territory in the United Kingdom, chiefly to bring lime-bearing sand for agricultural fertiliser.	Bude Canal	United Kingdom
country	Winterthur Wülflingen railway station (German: Bahnhof Winterthur Wülflingen) is a railway station that serves Wülflingen, which is district number 6 in Winterthur, a city in the canton of Zurich, Switzerland.	Winterthur Wülflingen railway station	Switzerland
country	Remunda is a village in the state of Orissa in India.	Remunda	India
country	The Leti Islands of Indonesia are part of the Maluku Islands, in southwest Maluku Province.	Leti Islands	Indonesia
country	The Tourelle de la Plate, also known as Petite Vieille (Little Old Woman) is a lighthouse in the dangerous strait Raz de Sein, off the northwest coast of France, belonging to the departement of Finistère in the region of Brittany.	Tourelle de la Plate	France
country	Siddaganga Intercity Express is a daily train that runs between Dharwad and Bangalore in Karnataka, India.	Siddaganga Intercity Express	India
country	Reksta is an island in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane country, Norway.	Reksta	Norway
country	Mouten Kop is a Belgian beer, brewed in concession by Brewery De Graal in Lochristi, Belgium, for the Hopjutters.	Mouten Kop	Belgium
country	North Labuhan Batu Regency is a regency of North Sumatra, Indonesia, created in 2007 by being carved out of the existing Labuhan Batu Regency, which in 2000 covered an area of 9,323 square kilometres and had a population of 840,382 according to the 2000 census.	North Labuhan Batu Regency	Indonesia
country	Palham Koti (Persian: پلهم كتي‎, also Romanized as Palham Kotī) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Palham Koti	Iran
country	Louhajang River (Bengali: লৌহজং নদী (lowɦɔdʒɔŋ nɔd̪i)) is located in central Bangladesh.	Louhajang River	Bangladesh
country	Greig Island is the largest and second southernmost island (behind Loon Island) in Ontario's Mississippi Lake, Canada.	Greig Island	Canada
country	Los Guayos is a town in Carabobo State, Venezuela, Northwest of the Valencia Lake.	Los Guayos	Venezuela
country	The Sennar Dam is a dam on the Blue Nile near the town of Sennar, Sudan.	Sennar Dam	Sudan
country	Līksna Parish (Latvian: Līksnas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils District, Latvia.	Līksna Parish	Latvia
country	Rashnudeh (Persian: رشنوده‎, also Romanized as Rashnūdeh and Rashnūdī; also known as Rashnū and Shanū) is a village in Bazvand Rural District, Central District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rashnudeh	Iran
country	In Ukraine, villagers would pay attention to the lightning in the sky, hoping that on Ognyena Maria's day, this will indicate that God will send rain for their crops.	Ognyena Maria	Ukraine
country	The Barwon Sewer Aqueduct is a heritage-listed aqueduct across the Barwon River at Goat Island, Breakwater, Victoria, Australia.	Barwon Sewer Aqueduct	Australia
country	Tung Burapha Stadium (Thai: สนามกีฬาทุ่งบูรพา) is a football stadium in Ubon Ratchathani, Thailand.	Tung Burapha Stadium	Thailand
country	The Thalia Hall (Romanian: Sala Thalia) is a theatre and concert hall situated in Sibiu, Romania.	Thalia Hall	Romania
country	Yunesi (Persian: يونسي‎, also Romanized as Yūnosī and Yūnsi) is a city in and the capital of Yunesi District, in Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yunesi	Iran
country	The Danish Defence Intelligence Service (DDIS) (Danish: Forsvarets Efterretningstjeneste, short FE (often but incorrectly: FET)), is a Danish intelligence agency, responsible for Denmark's foreign intelligence, as well as being the Danish military intelligence service.	Danish Defence Intelligence Service	Denmark
country	Dam Ab-e Kashan (Persian: دم اب كاشان‎, also Romanized as Dam Āb-e Kāshān; also known as Kāshān) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dam Ab-e Kashan	Iran
country	The Heimkehle is one of two great gypsum caves in Germany that are accessible as show caves.	Heimkehle	Germany
country	Vlčany (Hungarian: Vágfarkasd) is a village and municipality in Šaľa District, in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Vlčany	Slovakia
country	Bharhut (Hindi: भरहुत) is a village located in the Satna district of Madhya Pradesh, central India.	Bharhut	India
country	Čertovica (Hungarian: Ördöglakodalma-hágó) is a mountain pass in the Low Tatras mountain range in Slovakia.	Čertovica	Slovakia
country	Khi Solar One (KSO) is a solar power tower solar thermal power plant, located in the Northern Cape Region of South Africa.	Khi Solar One	South Africa
country	Aktounta (Greek: Ακτούντα) is a village in the Rethymno regional unit in Crete, Greece.	Aktounta	Greece
country	Chah Keshavarzi Eslamabad (Persian: چاه كشاورزي اسلام اباد‎, also Romanized as Chāh Keshāvarzī Eslāmābād; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Chah Keshavarzi Eslamabad	Iran
country	Chełmek (ˈxɛu̯mɛk) is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.	Chełmek	Poland
country	Periamet Mosque is a mosque situated on Poonamallee High Road in Chennai, India.	Periamet Mosque	India
country	Gradišča (pronounced (ˈɡɾaːdiʃtʃa)) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Drava River in the Municipality of Cirkulane in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia.	Gradišča	Slovenia
country	Grčarevec (pronounced (ɡəɾtʃaˈɾeːʋəts); in older sources also Gerčarevec, German: Gartschareuz) is a village between Planina and Kalce in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Grčarevec	Slovenia
country	Irsee is a village and municipality in the district of Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.	Irsee	Germany
country	Bamatat (definite Albanian form: Bamatati) is a populated place in the Vlorë County of Albania.	Bamatat	Albania
country	Adam Mickiewicz High School in Poznań (VIII Liceum Ogólnokształcące im. Adama Mickiewicza w Poznaniu) is a high school in Poznań, Poland founded by the priest and patriot Czesław Piotrowski in 1923 and named after the poet and patriot Adam Mickiewicz.	Adam Mickiewicz High School in Poznań	Poland
country	Chróstnik (ˈxrustnik) (German: Brauchitschdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chróstnik	Poland
country	Deh Vali (Persian: ده والي‎, also Romanized as Deh Vālī) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Vali	Iran
country	Gowienica Miedwiańska is a river of Poland, which flows into the lake Miedwie.	Gowienica Miedwiańska	Poland
country	Travedona-Monate is a comune and small town near the eastern shore of the Lake Maggiore, in the province of Varese, northern Italy.	Travedona-Monate	Italy
country	Tavşan Adası or Neandros Adası (Tavşan Adası meaning``Rabbit Island''; Greek: Νέανδρος Neandros, the name of a mythological figure) is the smallest of the Princes' Islands in the Sea of Marmara, to the southeast of Istanbul, Turkey.	Tavşan Adası	Turkey
country	Gévaudan (French pronunciation: ​(ʒevodɑ̃); Occitan: Gavaudan, Gevaudan) is a historical area of France in Lozère département.	Gévaudan	France
country	Stockholm County Museum (Swedish: Stockholms läns museum) is a museum located in Sickla, covering the history of Stockholm County in central-eastern Sweden except central Stockholm (which is covered by the Stockholm City Museum and the Museum of Medieval Stockholm).	Stockholm County Museum	Sweden
country	Minderoo Station, commonly referred to as Minderoo, is a pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but now operates as a cattle station in Western Australia.	Minderoo Station	Australia
country	Rajhenav (pronounced (ˈɾaːi̯xɛnau̯); German: Reichenau) is an abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Rajhenav	Slovenia
country	Bedfordview is an affluent town on the East Rand, which is situated in Gauteng, South Africa.	Bedfordview	South Africa
country	BC Virtus Werkendam is an amateur basketball club based in Werkendam, Netherlands.	BC Virtus Werkendam	Netherlands
country	Kapeh Kand (Persian: كپه كند‎) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kapeh Kand	Iran
country	The Labrador Peninsula is a large peninsula in eastern Canada.	Labrador Peninsula	Canada
country	In 2011, CareerBuilder acquired JobsCentral in Singapore and JobScout24 in Germany.	CareerBuilder	Germany
country	In Salah or Ain Salah (Arabic: عين صالح‎) is an oasis town in central Algeria.	In Salah	Algeria
country	The Supreme People's Assembly (Chosongul: 최고 인민 회의) is the unicameral legislature of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), commonly known as North Korea.	Supreme People's Assembly	North Korea
country	Franz Siegel Stadion, is an arena in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.	Franz Siegel Stadion	Germany
country	The village forms part of the 'Butleigh and Baltonsborough' Wards and electoral divisions of the United Kingdom.	Butleigh	United Kingdom
country	Bandhi railway station (Urdu: باندھی ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Bandhi village, Shaheed Benazir Abad district, Sindh province, Pakistan.	Bandhi railway station	Pakistan
country	Marienberg Abbey (German: Abtei Marienberg; Italian: Abbazia Monte Maria) is a Benedictine abbey in Mals, Vinschgau in South Tyrol, northern Italy.	Marienberg Abbey	Italy
country	Bongawan is a town in the West Coast Division of the state of Sabah in Malaysia.	Bongawan	Malaysia
country	Grande Meadows Golf Club is a public golf course located in Frenchman's Cove, Newfoundland, Canada.	Grande Meadows Golf Club	Canada
country	Yaeil Theological Seminary is a private graduate school located in Seocho-gu district, in the Capital city Seoul of South Korea.	Yaeil Theological Seminary	South Korea
country	Kolomenskoye (Russian: Коло́менское) is a former royal estate situated several kilometers to the southeast of the city center of Moscow, Russia, on the ancient road leading to the town of Kolomna (hence the name).	Kolomenskoye	Russia
country	Stampida is a racing, wooden roller coaster built by Custom Coasters International at PortAventura in Salou, Catalonia, Spain.	Stampida	Spain
country	Klein River is a river in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Klein River	South Africa
country	The Hutt Park Railway was a private railway in Petone at the southern end of the Hutt Valley in New Zealand's North Island.	Hutt Park Railway	New Zealand
country	Tanjung Pandan (Chinese: 丹绒香兰, Jawi: تنجوڠ ڤندن ), is the largest town on the island Belitung in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia.	Tanjung Pandan	Indonesia
country	Largentière (French: (laʁ.ʒɑ̃.tjɛʁ) ; L'Argentièira in Occitan) is a commune and sub-prefecture of the Ardèche department in the Rhône-Alpes region in southern France.	Largentière	France
country	Acuíferos Guácimo y Pococí Protected Zone is a Nature reserve, part of the Tortuguero Conservation Area, in the Limón Province of northeastern Costa Rica, which protects the recharge area of the Guácimo and Pococí rivers.	Acuíferos Guácimo y Pococí Protected Zone	Costa Rica
country	Ablesh (Persian: ابلش‎, also Romanized as Āblesh; also known as Ābāsh) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ablesh	Iran
country	The Galite Islands (Tunisian Arabic جالطة Jaziret Jalita Italian Isola della Caletta) are a rocky group of islands of volcanic origin that belong to Bizerte Governorate, northern Tunisia.	Galite Islands	Tunisia
country	Kosztowy (German: Kostow) is a quarter of the city of Mysłowice in the Silesian Voivodship of Poland.	Kosztowy	Poland
country	Shahi Chat (Persian: شاهي چات‎, also Romanized as Shāhī Chāt) is a village in Zarabad-e Sharqi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shahi Chat	Iran
country	Čachtice (pronounced (t͡ʃaxtʲɪt͡se), Hungarian: Csejte) is a village in Nové Mesto nad Váhom District in western Slovakia with a population of 4,010 (as of 2014).	Čachtice	Slovakia
country	Prague Castle (Czech: Pražský hrad) is a castle complex in Prague, Czech Republic, dating from the 9th century and the official residence of the President of the Czech Republic.	Prague Castle	Czech Republic
country	The Hsingneng Power Plant, Star Energy Power Plant or Changbin Power Plant (Chinese: 星能電廠; pinyin: Xīngnéng Diànchǎng) is a gas-fired power plant in Chang-Bin Industrial Park, Lukang Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.	Hsingneng Power Plant	Taiwan
country	The Association des Scouts et Guides du Sénégal (SGdS, Scout and Guide Association of Senegal) is one of Senegal's Scouting and Guiding organizations.	Association des Scouts et Guides du Sénégal	Senegal
country	Killingworth, formerly Killingworth Township, is a town north of Newcastle Upon Tyne, in North Tyneside, United Kingdom.	Killingworth	United Kingdom
country	Les Charbonnières is a part of Le Lieu, a commune located in the La Vallée district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Les Charbonnières	Switzerland
country	Buechenegg Pass (el. 786 m.) is a mountain pass in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Buechenegg Pass	Switzerland
country	Robert Cecil Palmer Secondary School is a secondary school situated in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada which educates students in grades 8-12.	Robert Cecil Palmer Secondary School	Canada
country	Colégio Visconde de Porto Seguro (often referred to as ``Porto Seguro'' or ``CVPS'', formerly named ``Deutsche Schule'' (German School)) is a private bilingual school located in the neighborhood of Morumbi, in São Paulo, Brazil.	Colégio Visconde de Porto Seguro	Brazil
country	Sidraž (pronounced (ˈsiːdɾaʃ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Sidraž	Slovenia
country	Fuentealbilla is a village and municipality in the province of Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Fuentealbilla	Spain
country	Vester, Nørre and Øster Farimagsgade (lit. West, North and East Farimagsgade) is a succession of streets which together connect the south-western Vesterbro to the northern Østerbro along the periphery of the city centre in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Farimagsgade	Denmark
country	Zhapek batyr (Kazakh: Жапек батыр; formerly Dvenadtsatogo dekabrya; literally: Twelfth of December) is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Zhapek batyr	Kazakhstan
country	Greek National Road 5 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 5, abbreviated as EO5) is a single carriageway road in western Greece.	Greek National Road 5	Greece
country	The Produttori cooperative became one of the most respected cellars in Italy and inspired more landholders in Barbaresco to return to their vineyards and to make quality wine.	Barbaresco	Italy
country	Dingle Bay (Bá an Daingin in Irish) is a bay located in County Kerry, western Ireland.	Dingle Bay	Ireland
country	The Embassy of Russia in Copenhagen is the diplomatic mission of the Russian Federation to the Kingdom of Denmark.	Embassy of Russia in Copenhagen	Denmark
country	Dikson Island (Russian: Ди́ксон), initially Dickson, is the name of an island in Taymyrsky Dolgano-Nenetsky District (Russian: Таймы́рский Долга́но-Не́нецкий райо́н), Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, situated in the Kara Sea near the mouth of the Yenisei River.	Dikson Island	Russia
country	Newton Food Centre (纽顿熟食中心) is a major food centre located in Newton, Singapore.	Newton Food Centre	Singapore
country	Cemitério Morada da Paz is a cemetery located in Natal, Brazil.	Cemitério Morada da Paz	Brazil
country	The Juan Barjola Museum of Painting is a museum located in Gijon, principality of Asturias, Spain.	Juan Barjola Museum of Painting	Spain
country	Jalan Pagoh-Parit Sulong (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia.	Jalan Pagoh-Parit Sulong	Malaysia
country	Al-Salihiyah (Arabic: الصالحية‎) is a municipality and a neighborhood of Damascus, Syria.	Al-Salihiyah	Syria
country	Artik (Armenian: Արթիկ), is a town located in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Artik	Armenia
country	Qaleh Hammam (Persian: قلعه حمام‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Ḩammām) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 86, in 19 families.	Qaleh Hammam	Iran
country	The Varkaus railway station (abbrev. Var) is located in the town of Varkaus, Finland, in the province of Northern Savonia.	Varkaus railway station	Finland
country	Žejane (Istro-Romanian: Jeiăn) is a village in the eastern part of mountainous Ćićarija area in Istria, Croatia.	Žejane	Croatia
country	Sylhet MAG Osmani Medical College (SOMC) (Bengali: সিলেট এম.এ.জি ওসমানী মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 1962.	Sylhet MAG Osmani Medical College	Bangladesh
country	Mościszki (mɔɕˈt͡ɕiʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mościszki	Poland
country	Watsomba is a shopping centre in the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe located 42 km north of Mutare on the main Mutare-Nyanga road.	Watsomba	Zimbabwe
country	Stockland The Pines is a sub regional shopping centre located in the north-eastern suburb of Doncaster East in the city of Melbourne, Australia.	Stockland The Pines	Australia
country	Marzelan-e Mohammad Morad (Persian: مرزلان محمدمراد‎, also Romanized as Marzelān-e Moḩammad Morād; also known as Marzelān) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Marzelan-e Mohammad Morad	Iran
country	The Wadden Sea stretches from Den Helder in the Netherlands in the northwest, past the great river estuaries of Germany to its northern boundary at Skallingen north of Esbjerg in Denmark along a total length of some 500 km and a total area of about 10,000 km2.	Wadden Sea	Netherlands	Germany	Denmark
country	The Berzdorfer See or Lake Berzdorf is situated near the southern border of Görlitz in Saxony, Germany.	Berzdorfer See	Germany
country	Keelsathambur is a village situated in Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Keelsathambur	India
country	The Vyshnivets Palace (Ukrainian: Вишнівецький палац) or the Wiśniowiecki Palace (Polish: Pałac Wiśniowieckich) is located in the urban-type settlement of Vyshnivets (near the city of Zbarazh) in Ternopil Oblast of western Ukraine.	Vyshnivets Palace	Ukraine
country	Col des Champs (elevation 2,087 m (6,847 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the Alps at the border between the departments of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence and Alpes-Maritimes in France.	Col des Champs	France
country	Cathal Brugha Street (English pronunciation: /ˌkɒhəl ˈbruːə/ Irish: Sráid Chathal Brugha) is a street on the northside of Dublin, Ireland.	Cathal Brugha Street	Ireland
country	Geumo Land (Korean: 금오랜드) is an amusement park near the base of Geumo Mountain, near the city of Gumi, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea.	Geumo Land	South Korea
country	The Kangnam Mountains are a mountain range of North Korea, in the central part of the country's northern region.	Kangnam Mountains	North Korea
country	Kaskin (Persian: كاسكين‎, also Romanized as Kāskīn) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kaskin	Iran
country	Hemnes Church (Norwegian: Hemnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county, Norway.	Hemnes Church	Norway
country	Banlakan (Persian: بان لكان‎, also Romanized as Bānlaḵān) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Banlakan	Iran
country	Franciscan Province of the Most Holy Redeemer (Croatian: Franjevačka provincija Presvetog Otkupitelja, Latin: Provincia franciscana Sanctissimi Redemptoris) is a province of the Order of the Friars Minor (Franciscans) of the Catholic Church based in Split, Croatia which is active in Dalmatia, Croatia.	Franciscan Province of the Most Holy Redeemer	Croatia
country	Nyholm Central Guardhouse is a historic building at Holmen in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nyholm Central Guardhouse	Denmark
country	Yabroud District (Arabic: منطقة يبرود, translit.: manṭiqat Yabrūd) is a district of the Rif Dimashq Governorate in southern Syria.	Yabroud District	Syria
country	The Bulkemsmolen (English: Bulkem's Mill) is a former watermill located on the Bulkemstraat 43 in Bulkemsbroek, Simpelveld, Netherlands.	Bulkemsmolen	Netherlands
country	Krześnica (kʂɛɕˈnit͡sa) (German: Wilkersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Krześnica	Poland
country	Riwoto is a community in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan.	Riwoto	South Sudan
country	Monte Cassino (sometimes written Montecassino) is a rocky hill about 130 kilometres (81 mi) southeast of Rome, Italy, 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) to the west of the town of Cassino and 520 m (1,706.04 ft) altitude.	Monte Cassino	Italy
country	Cacheu is a town in northwestern Guinea-Bissau, lying on the Cacheu River.	Cacheu	Guinea-Bissau
country	Haelen ( pronunciation ) is a town in the south-eastern Netherlands.	Haelen	Netherlands
country	The Tell Atlas (Arabic: الاطلس التلي‎) is a mountain chain over 1,500 km (932 mi) in length, belonging to the Atlas mountain ranges in North Africa, stretching from Morocco, through Algeria to Tunisia.	Tell Atlas	Algeria
country	Mondol Seima District (Khmer: ស្រុកមណ្ឌលសីម៉ា) is a district (srok) of Koh Kong Province, in south-western Cambodia.	Mondol Seima District	Cambodia
country	The Saruwaged Range (also Saruwared, Sarawaket or Sarawaget) is a mountain range on the Huon Peninsula in Morobe Province, north-eastern Papua New Guinea.	Saruwaged Range	Papua New Guinea
country	The University of Gastronomic Sciences (UNISG) is an international academic institution in northern Italy.	University of Gastronomic Sciences	Italy
country	Ratodero Taluka (Sindhi: رتوديرو ‎) is a Tehsil of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, it is located some 28 km from the district capital Larkana.	Ratodero Taluka	Pakistan
country	The Wel (vɛl) (German: Welle) is a river in Poland.	Wel	Poland
country	Kuala Besut is a small fishing town in Besut District on the coast of Terengganu in Malaysia, situated in between Kota Bharu in Kelantan and Kuala Terengganu in Terengganu.	Kuala Besut	Malaysia
country	Nadgrad (pronounced (nadˈɡɾaːt) or (ˈnaːdɡɾat)) is a dispersed settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Nadgrad	Slovenia
country	Golek pri Vinici (pronounced (ˈɡoːlək pɾi ˈʋiːnitsi); German: Golek bei Weinitz) is a settlement north of Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Golek pri Vinici	Slovenia
country	Udhampur railway station is situated in municipal committee of Udhampur, Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Udhampur railway station	India
country	Khevsureti/Khevsuria (Georgian: ხევსურეთი, a land of valleys) is a historical-ethnographic region in eastern Georgia.	Khevsureti	Georgia
country	Bhadrak is a city and a municipality in Bhadrak district in the state of Odisha, India.	Bhadrak	India
country	Dąbrowa nad Czarną (dɔmˈbrɔva ˌnat ˈt͡ʂarnɔ̃) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dąbrowa nad Czarną	Poland
country	Sheberghan Airfield (ICAO: OASG) is located in the Jowzjan Province in the northwest part of Afghanistan.	Sheberghan Airfield	Afghanistan
country	Port of Varna (Bulgarian: Пристанище Варна, Pristanishte Varna) (map) is the largest seaport complex in Bulgaria.	Port of Varna	Bulgaria
country	Mirzəməmmədkənd (also, Mirzə-məmmədkənd and Mirzamamedkend) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mirzəməmmədkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Malsfeld is a community in the Schwalm-Eder district in Hesse, Germany, on the river Fulda.	Malsfeld	Germany
country	Nadi International Airport (IATA: NAN, ICAO: NFFN) is the main international airport for the Republic of Fiji as well as an important regional hub for the South Pacific islands, located by the coast on the western side of the main island Viti Levu.	Nadi International Airport	Fiji
country	Maharam's Synagogue was a synagogue in Lublin, Poland, which was located on a no longer existing Jateczna 3 Street.	Maharam's Synagogue	Poland
country	Beersheba Center Railway Station is an Israel Railways terminal in Beersheba.	Beersheba Center Railway Station	Israel
country	The poorly built Dike Kokaral intended to contain the North Aral Sea and save its fisheries failed twice, but in 2005 the government of Kazakhstan was able to fund a more robust design.	North Aral Sea	Kazakhstan
country	Kapedo sub-county is a subdivision of Dodoth County in Kaabong District of northern Uganda.	Kapedo sub-county	Uganda
country	Belanting is a village in northeastern Lombok, Indonesia.	Belanting	Indonesia
country	Karmravan (Armenian: Կարմրավան; formerly, Kizilkilisa Armyanskaya) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Karmravan	Armenia
country	The Owingup Swamp and Boat Harbour Wetlands Important Bird Area is a 442 ha site comprising Owingup Swamp, and ten other, smaller, wetlands nearby, in the Great Southern region of south-western Australia.	Owingup Swamp and Boat Harbour Wetlands Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Geeta Bhawan is a residential locality in the city Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Geeta Bhawan	India
country	The FPS Information and Communication Technology (Dutch: FOD Informatie- en Communicatietechnologie, French: SPF Technologie de l'Information et de la Communication, German: FÖD Informations und Kommunikationstechnologie) or Fedict is a Federal Public Service of Belgium.	Fedict	Belgium
country	Étang Saint-Nicolas is an artificial lake in Angers, Maine-et-Loire, France.	Étang Saint-Nicolas	France
country	Kakumäe (Estonian for ``Owl Hill'') is a subdistrict (Estonian: asum) in the district of Haabersti, Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Kakumäe	Estonia
country	Ujazdów Park (Polish: Park Ujazdowski) is one of the most picturesque parks of Warsaw, Poland.	Ujazdów Park	Poland
country	Corinth (/ˈkɔːrɪnθ/; Greek: Κόρινθος, Kórinthos, pronounced (ˈkorinθos)) is a city and former municipality in Corinthia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Corinth	Greece
country	The Nightcap Range Important Bird Area is a 157 km2 fragmented tract of land containing several protected areas of rainforest in the Nightcap Range of north-eastern New South Wales, Australia.	Nightcap Range Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Airag Lake (Mongolian: Айраг нуур, Airag Nuur, lit. ``airag'') is a lake in western Mongolia in the Great Lakes Depression.	Airag Lake	Mongolia
country	The Roman fish salting factory (Spanish: Factoría romana de salazones) was a salting factory established on the seafront of Algeciras, southeastern Spain by the Romans.	Roman fish salting factory	Spain
country	Kwadjokrom is a small town and is the capital of Sene District in the Brong-Ahafo Region of Eastern Region in south Ghana.	Kwadjokrom	Ghana
country	Gulshan-e-Sheraz (Urdu: گلشن شیراز ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Gulshan-e-Sheraz	Pakistan
country	Aleksandër Xhuvani University, is an institution of higher education located in Elbasan, Albania.	Aleksandër Xhuvani University	Albania
country	The Hàn River (Sông Hàn, or Hàn giang; 汗江) is a river located in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Hàn River	Vietnam
country	Samdrup Jongkhar (Dzongkha:བསམ་གྲུབ་ལྗོངས་མཁར་) is a town and seat of Samdrup Jongkhar District in Bhutan.	Samdrup Jongkhar	Bhutan
country	Flowerpot Bay, also spelt Flower Pot Bay, is a small bay, some 250 m across, on the north coast of Pitt Island in the Chatham Islands group of New Zealand.	Flowerpot Bay	New Zealand
country	Almejuq-e Sofla (Persian: المجوق سفلي‎, also Romanized as Almejūq-e Soflá; also known as Almejoq-e Pā’īn and Almejūq-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Almejuq-e Sofla	Iran
country	Twarogi-Wypychy (tfaˈrɔɡi vɨˈpɨxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Twarogi-Wypychy	Poland
country	Cathedral Provincial Park and Protected Area, usually known as Cathedral Provincial Park and also as Cathedral Park, is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.	Cathedral Provincial Park and Protected Area	Canada
country	The American School of Asunción (commonly known locally as ASA) is an international school in Asunción, Paraguay founded in 1954.	American School of Asunción	Paraguay
country	Sophie Amalienborg was a pleasure palace roughly located where Amalienborg stands today in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Sophie Amalienborg	Denmark
country	Helabad (Persian: هل اباد‎, also Romanized as Helābād; also known as Gilyabad) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Helabad	Iran
country	Rauman maalaiskunta (the rural municipality of Rauma, often abbreviated Rauman mlk) is a former municipality of Finland.	Rauman maalaiskunta	Finland
country	The Association of Women for Action and Research (AWARE) is a non-governmental organization in Singapore concerned with promoting gender equality.	Association of Women for Action and Research	Singapore
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 53 is a runestone built into a wall in the intersection between the thoroughfares Prästgatan and Kåkbrinken in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Uppland Runic Inscription 53	Sweden
country	The National Sports Council (NSC) is the national overseer of the control authorities of 41 different sports in Bangladesh.	National Sports Council	Bangladesh
country	Nadapal is a community in the north of Turkana County, Kenya near the border with the Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan.	Nadapal	Kenya
country	Messancy (German: Metzig, Luxembourgish: Miezeg, Walloon: Messanceye) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg.	Messancy	Belgium
country	Inis Cathaigh or Scattery Island is an island in the Shannon Estuary, Ireland.	Inis Cathaigh	Ireland
country	The Norwegian Mining Museum (Norwegian: Norsk Bergverksmuseum) is located in Kongsberg, Buskerud, Norway.	Norwegian Mining Museum	Norway
country	Boffa is a town and sub-prefecture located on Guinea's coast.	Boffa	Guinea
country	Machhegaun ( Sanskrit मच्छेगाऊं)is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Machhegaun	Nepal
country	Nicanor Garcia Street, historically known as Calle Reposo or Reposo Street, is a street running for several hundred meters north of Gil Puyat Avenue in Bel-Air Village, Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Nicanor Garcia Street	Philippines
country	Skidegate Channel is a strait in the Haida Gwaii archipelago of the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Skidegate Channel	Canada
country	Baldoyle (Irish: Baile Dúill) is a coastal area in the northern part of Fingal, Ireland.	Baldoyle	Ireland
country	Ghagra Union is a place situated at the North-West side of Purbadhala Upazila in Bangladesh.	Ghagra Union	Bangladesh
country	FC Espoo is a Finnish football (soccer) club based in the city of Espoo, Finland.	FC Espoo	Finland
country	Łabunie (waˈbuɲe) is a village in Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łabunie	Poland
country	Talbragar River, a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Upper Hunter and Orana districts of New South Wales, Australia.	Talbragar River	Australia
country	Tolombeh-ye Sadrabad (Persian: تلمبه صدراباد‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Şadrābād; also known as Şadrābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Sadrabad	Iran
country	Barë (Serbian: Баре/Bare) is a village in the municipality of Mitrovica in the District of Mitrovica, Kosovo.	Barë	Kosovo
country	Kiwi FM (formerly Channel Z) was a New Zealand alternative music radio network.	Kiwi FM	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Epsy Campbell Barr (born 4 July 1963 in San José, Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican politician and economist.	Epsy Campbell Barr	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Silvio Fanti was born in Neuchâtel to Bolognese parents immigrated to Switzerland at the end of the 19th century.	Silvio Fanti	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Gopal Prasad Rimal (or Nepali: गोपाल प्रसाद रिमाल; Gopālprasād Rimāl, 1918--1973) was a poet from Kathmandu, Nepal.	Gopal Prasad Rimal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Jillian Schwartz (born September 19, 1979) is an American-born pole vaulter who competes internationally for Israel.	Jillian Schwartz	Israel
country of citizenship	Noeline Taurua is a former New Zealand international netball representative, who played in the Silver Ferns team that won a silver medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur.	Noeline Taurua	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Neil Hawgood (born 12 July 1962) is a former Australian field hockey player who represented Australia at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Neil Hawgood	Australia
country of citizenship	Alex Bugnon (born October 10, 1958) is a jazz pianist and composer from Montreux, Switzerland.	Alex Bugnon	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Markko Märtin (born 10 November 1975 in Tartu) is a rally driver from Estonia, who competed in the World Rally Championship from 2000 until 2005.	Markko Märtin	Estonia
country of citizenship	Vladimir Metikoš (7 July 1899 -- 1945) was a Croatian general in the then Independent State of Croatia (NDH).	Vladimir Metikoš	Croatia
country of citizenship	Rodrigo Fresán (born 1963 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a fiction writer and journalist.	Rodrigo Fresán	Argentina
country of citizenship	José Ramón Balaguer Cabrera (born June 6, 1932 in Oriente, Cuba) was the Minister for Health in Cuba until July 2010..	José Ramón Balaguer Cabrera	Cuba
country of citizenship	Sheikh Mukhtar Mohamed Hussein (Somali: Sheekh Mukhtaar Maxamed Xuseen, Arabic: الشيخ محمد حسين مختار‎‎; 1912 -- June 12, 2012) was the speaker of the Somali parliament, and briefly an interim President of Somalia in 1969.	Sheikh Mukhtar Mohamed Hussein	Somalia
country of citizenship	Flávio José Galvão de França better known in Brazil as Flávio Galvão (São Paulo, July 30, 1949) is a Brazilian actor.	Flávio Galvão	Brazil
country of citizenship	Arthur Szyk was born into a prosperous middle-class Jewish family in Łódź, in the part of Poland which was under Russian rule in the 19th century.	Arthur Szyk	Poland
country of citizenship	Jph Wacheski (or Jeph) is a musician and independent video game developer in Ottawa, Canada.	Jph Wacheski	Canada
country of citizenship	Basalawarmi (died January 6, 1382), commonly known by his hereditary title, the Prince of Liang, was a descendant of Kublai Khan and a Yuan Dynasty loyalist who fought against the ascendant Ming Dynasty in China.	Basalawarmi	China
country of citizenship	Maura Viceconte (born 3 October 1967 in Susa, Piedmont) is a retired long-distance runner from Italy, who represented her native country twice (1996 and 2000) at the Summer Olympics.	Maura Viceconte	Italy
country of citizenship	Adis Obad (Bosnian, in Cyrillic: Адис Обад; born 12 May 1971) is a retired Bosnian professional footballer who played for FK Velež Mostar, in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Adis Obad	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Liza Echeverría (born on August 29, 1972 in Mexico City) is a Mexican actress and model.	Liza Echeverría	Mexico
country of citizenship	João Roque (born July 22, 1971) is a former featherweight Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) black belt World Champion and a retired Angola mixed martial artist.	João Roque	Angola
country of citizenship	Dolly Makambo Nawezi is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Dolly Makambo Nawezi	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Jan Bruins (27 May 1940 in Deventer -- 16 April 1997) was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from the Netherlands.	Jan Bruins	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Harendra Singh Malik is an Ex-Member of the Parliament of India representing Haryana in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Harendra Singh Malik	India
country of citizenship	Orawankara Neelakandhan Namboodiri (1857-1917) was a renowned scholar and poet from Kerala, South India.	Orawankara Neelakandhan Namboodiri	India
country of citizenship	Joanna Mucha (born April 12, 1976) is a Polish liberal politician, economist, former member of the Polish Sejm, academic teacher, doctor of economics and from 17 November 2011 to November 2012 Minister of Sport and Tourism of Poland in the government of Donald Tusk.	Joanna Mucha	Poland
country of citizenship	Ahmad Husayn Khudayir as-Samarrai (born July 2, 1941) was Prime Minister of Iraq from 1993 to 1994, during the rule of President Saddam Hussein.	Ahmad Husayn Khudayir as-Samarrai	Iraq
country of citizenship	The life of Walter Bonatti has inspired entire generations of climbers, in Italy and worldwide.	Walter Bonatti	Italy
country of citizenship	David van der Kellen Jr. (1804, Amsterdam -- 1879, Utrecht), was a 19th-century engraver and medallist from the Northern Netherlands.	David van der Kellen Jr.	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Alan Solomons (born 31 July 1950 in Uitenhage, South Africa) is a rugby union coach, currently the head coach at Edinburgh.	Alan Solomons	South Africa
country of citizenship	Agnieszka Ceglarek (born 3 May 1988 in Poznań, Poland) is a Polish track and field athlete and sprinter.	Agnieszka Ceglarek	Poland
country of citizenship	Maria Lähteenmäki is a researcher of history, Jutikkala Professor at the University of Eastern Finland and Docent of Finnish and Scandinavian history at the University of Helsinki.	Maria Lähteenmäki	Finland
country of citizenship	Francisco Nicasio Jiménez worked in Trinidad, Las Villas, Cuba, in the early 19th century.	Francisco Nicasio Jiménez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Dominik Schlumpf (born March 3, 1991) is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for HC Lugano of Switzerland's National League A.	Dominik Schlumpf	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Edward Ranjit Fernando (born 22 February 1944 in Colombo, Sri Lanka) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played three ODIs, all of which were during the 1975 Cricket World Cup during which he was the wicket-keeper and opening batsman.	Ranjit Fernando	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Vongsak Swasdipanich (Thai: วงศ์ศักดิ์ สวัสดิ์พาณิชย์, born June 27, 1951 in Roi Et) was the Governor of the Ratchaburi Province, Thailand since 2005.	Vongsak Swasdipanich	Thailand
country of citizenship	Brent Wong (born 1945) is a New Zealand surrealist painter and music composer.	Brent Wong	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Samir Khalil Samir (born 10 January 1938 in Cairo, Egypt), is an Egyptian Jesuit priest, Islamic scholar, Semitologist, Orientalist, Syriacist and Catholic theologian.	Samir Khalil Samir	Egypt
country of citizenship	Salim Joubran (Arabic: سليم جبران‎, Hebrew: סלים ג'ובראן‎; born 1947) is an Israeli Arab judge on the Supreme Court of Israel.	Salim Joubran	Israel
country of citizenship	Sultan Ali Chaudhry is a Chairman, Board of Directors of Zarai Taraqiati Bank Limited and a former Pakistan government minister and advisor.	Sultan Ali Chaudhry	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Alessandro Santin (born 6 October 1958 in Venice, Italy) was an Italian race car driver.	Alessandro Santin	Italy
country of citizenship	Mahmud I (Ottoman Turkish: محمود اول‎, Turkish: I. Mahmud, 2 August 1696 -- 13 December 1754) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1730 to 1754.	Mahmud I	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	In the winter in Europe of 2012, Pablo Ledesma abandoned Calcio Catania to return to Argentina after three years and played in Boca Juniors.	Pablo Ledesma	Argentina
country of citizenship	Tone Åse (born 24 February 1965 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian singer, known from Norwegian choirs and jazz scenes.	Tone Åse	Norway
country of citizenship	Sir Edward Manningham-Buller, 1st Baronet (19 July 1800 -- 22 September 1882) was a politician in the United Kingdom.	Edward Manningham-Buller	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Bjæring was a legendary king or chieftain who is identified as the one who is buried in the Bjærum grave in Hægebostad, Agder, Norway.	Bjæring	Norway
country of citizenship	Born in Garnich, Luxembourg, Elsy Jacobs was one of many children; three of her brothers were also racing cyclists, Roger, Raymond and Edmond Jacobs (who competed in the Tour de France).	Elsy Jacobs	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	There are also statues of Gregory of Nin in the cities of Nin, Croatia and Varaždin, Croatia.	Gregory of Nin	Croatia
country of citizenship	Ōshima Takatō (大島 高任, May 11, 1826--March 29, 1901) was a Japanese engineer who created the first reverberation blast furnace and first Western-style gun in Japan.	Ōshima Takatō	Japan
country of citizenship	Nilkantha Upreti is the Chief Election Commissioner of Election Commission of Nepal.	Nilkantha Upreti	Nepal
country of citizenship	Egon Schultz was born in Groß Jestin, Kolberg-Körlin county, Pomerania (then in Germany, now Gościno, Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland).	Egon Schultz	Germany
country of citizenship	Andrea Demirović (Андреа Демировић) (born June 17, 1985, Titograd, Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia), also known as simply Andrea, is a Montenegrin singer and a student of the Cetinje Music Academy - Music Pedagogy.	Andrea Demirović	Montenegro
country of citizenship	K. J. Baby (born February 27, 1954) is a writer, activist and film director from the Kerala state, South India.	K. J. Baby	India
country of citizenship	Anuradha Sawhney was the ex- Chief Functionary and the head of Indian operations of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), India.	Anuradha Sawhney	India
country of citizenship	Brás Garcia de Mascarenhas (Avô, Oliveira do Hospital, Portugal, 3 February 1596 - Avô, Oliveira do Hospital, Portugal, 8 August 1656) was a Portuguese soldier, poet and writer, author of the poem Viriato Trágico.	Brás Garcia de Mascarenhas	Portugal
country of citizenship	Mother Francisca Josefa de la Concepción, O.S.C., was a Criolla nun and mystic in the region of New Spain which later became Colombia.	Francisca Josefa de la Concepción	Colombia
country of citizenship	Victor Celorio (born July 27, 1957 in Mexico City) is an author, entrepreneur, inventor, and former union organizer.	Victor Celorio	Mexico
country of citizenship	Daniel Nitt was born in Pegnitz, Germany and currently resides in Berlin, Germany.	Daniel Nitt	Germany
country of citizenship	Richard Bok is a soccer coach from Singapore.	Richard Bok	Singapore
country of citizenship	Shaun Stevenson (born 14 November 1996) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as an outside back for Waikato in the ITM Cup.	Shaun Stevenson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Basava Premanand (17 February 1930 -- 4 October 2009) was a skeptic and rationalist from Kerala, India.	Basava Premanand	India
country of citizenship	Coutoucou Hubert Maga (August 1916 -- May 8, 2000) was a politician from Dahomey (now known as Benin).	Hubert Maga	Benin
country of citizenship	Einar Hjörleifsson Kvaran (6 December 1859 in Vellanes, Iceland as Einar Hjörleifsson -- 21 May 1938 in Reykjavík) was an Icelandic editor, novelist, poet, playwright and prominent spiritualist.	Einar Hjörleifsson Kvaran	Iceland
country of citizenship	Hans Egede was born into the home of a civil servant in Harstad, Norway, nearly 150 miles north of the Arctic Circle.	Hans Egede	Norway
country of citizenship	András Törőcsik (1 May 1955 Budapest, Hungary) is a former Hungarian football player of the 1970s and 1980s.	András Törőcsik	Hungary
country of citizenship	Hissène Habré (Chadian Arabic: حسين حبري (hiˈsɛn ˈhabre); born 13 September 1942), also spelled Hissen Habré, is a former Chadian dictator who was the leader of Chad from 1982 until he was deposed in 1990.	Hissène Habré	Chad
country of citizenship	Efraín Huerta (June 18, 1914 in Silao, Guanajuato -- February 3, 1982 in Mexico City) was a Mexican poet and journalist.	Efraín Huerta	Mexico
country of citizenship	Martin Benkenstein (born 30 June 1950 in Johannesburg, South Africa), is a former South African cricketer.	Martin Benkenstein	South Africa
country of citizenship	Akwasi Addai Odike's profile on Ghana Web	Akwasi Addai Odike	Ghana
country of citizenship	Paul Biva was a distinguished member of National Horticultural Society of France from 1898 until his untimely death two years later.	Paul Biva	France
country of citizenship	Henriques Zowa (born August 19, 1981) is an Angolan-Dutch professional kickboxer and boxer, fighting out of Simson Gym in Almere, Netherlands.	Henriques Zowa	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Santeri Levas was born in Helsinki, Grand Duchy of Finland, in 1899, to the family of Nicolai Lehmann and Hertta née Piispanen.	Santeri Levas	Finland
country of citizenship	Pancho Prin (born Francisco de Paula Prin Villegas in Cúa, Venezuela on April 2, 1930) was a Venezuelan musician, singer, and composer.	Pancho Prin	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Benjamin Lariche, (born 16 June 1987 in Narbonne, France) is a French professional racing driver currently driving in the FIA Formula Two Championship.	Benjamin Lariche	France
country of citizenship	Siobhan Marshall is a New Zealand actress best known for her role as Pascalle West from the comedy/drama series Outrageous Fortune.	Siobhan Marshall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	María José Uribe Durán (known more commonly as Mariajo Uribe; born 27 February 1990) is a professional golfer from Colombia, currently playing on the LPGA Tour.	Mariajo Uribe	Colombia
country of citizenship	When chaos broke out in China towards the end of the Han dynasty, Cao Ren rallied a militia of over 1,000 men and they wandered around the region near the Huai and Si rivers.	Cao Ren	China
country of citizenship	Lee Tamahori (born 17 June 1950) is a New Zealand filmmaker best known for directing the 1994 film Once Were Warriors and the 2002 James Bond film Die Another Day.	Lee Tamahori	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Brigitta Callens (born 28 September 1980 in Oudenaarde, East Flanders, Belgium) was Miss Belgium 1999 and her country's representative to Miss World 1999.	Brigitta Callens	Belgium
country of citizenship	The Gert Sibande district in Mpumalanga province of South Africa is named after him.	Gert Sibande	South Africa
country of citizenship	Muriel Baumeister (born January 24, 1972 in Salzburg, Austria) is a German-Austrian film and television actress.	Muriel Baumeister	Austria
country of citizenship	Mietek Grocher is a Polish Jewish author from Sweden and public speaker who survived the Holocaust.	Mietek Grocher	Sweden
country of citizenship	Thomas Bo Larsen (born 27 November 1963) is a Danish film actor, born in Gladsaxe, Denmark.	Thomas Bo Larsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Winnifred Sarah Train (1904--1979) was a notable New Zealand army and civilian nurse, hospital matron, nurses'' association leader.	Winnifred Sarah Train	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shane Reed (born 16 June 1973 in Palmerston North) is an aquathlete and triathlete from New Zealand, who won three titles at the ITU Aquathlon World Championships.	Shane Reed	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Karl Hermann von Thile (born December 19, 1812 in Berlin, died December 26, 1889 in Berlin) was a German diplomat, and the first Foreign Secretary of Germany and head of the Foreign Office (21 March 1871 -- 30 September 1872).	Hermann von Thile	Germany
country of citizenship	Ryan Cocker (born 3 July 1992) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a tighthead prop for Taranaki in the ITM Cup.	Ryan Cocker	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Johannes Westö (born 1 April 1991, Finland) is a Finnish footballer who last represented HJK Helsinki in the Veikkausliiga.	Johannes Westö	Finland
country of citizenship	Pierre Vervloesem is a Belgian avant-garde guitar player and producer, and has been described as Belgium's Frank Zappa.	Pierre Vervloesem	Belgium
country of citizenship	Antoine Berjon (17 May 1754 -- 24 October 1843) was a French painter and designer, among the most important flower painters of 19th-century France.	Antoine Berjon	France
country of citizenship	Enga Margaret Washbourn (1908--1988) was a notable New Zealand artist and writer.	Enga Margaret Washbourn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sabien Lilaj (born 10 February 1989 in Maliq, Korçë County) is an Albanian footballer who plays for Skënderbeu Korçë in Albanian Superliga as well as the Albania national team.	Sabien Lilaj	Albania
country of citizenship	Peter Tonti was a Belizean tourism pioneer who died on April 16, 2015 at his home in San Ignacio Town Belize.	Peter Tonti	Belize
country of citizenship	Goh Soo Khim (simplified Chinese: 吴素琴; traditional Chinese: 吳素琴; pinyin: Wú Sùqín) is a Singaporean ballerina and a highly respected doyen in Singapore's dance scene.	Goh Soo Khim	Singapore
country of citizenship	David Bergeaud (born 1968 in Paris, France) also known as ``KOR'', is a film, television, and video game composer, as well as a record producer and multi instrumentalist.	David Bergeaud	France
country of citizenship	Gert Wiescher (born July 26, 1944 in Braunsbach am Kocher/Germany) is a German graphic artist, type designer and author.	Gert Wiescher	Germany
country of citizenship	Ferdo Rusan was son of an officer, born in small village Pavlin Kloštar near the town of Bjelovar in Croatia on 10 December 1810.	Ferdo Rusan	Croatia
country of citizenship	John Minto (born c. 1953) is a New Zealand-based political activist known for his involvement in various left-wing groups and causes, most notably Halt All Racist Tours.	John Minto	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tekla Chemabwai (born July 3, 1950 in Mosombor) is retired sprinter and middle-distance runner from Kenya.	Tekla Chemabwai	Kenya
country of citizenship	Raúl Damiani (born April 29, 1979 in Roldán, Santa Fe, Argentina) is an Argentine football defender currently playing for Instituto of the Primera B Nacional in Argentina.	Raúl Damiani	Argentina
country of citizenship	Livia Tirone (born 1961 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese architect, promoter, writer and consultant devoted to pioneering and mainstreaming sustainable construction and urban resilience in Portugal.	Livia Tirone	Portugal
country of citizenship	Thrissur C. Rajendran is a noted Carnatic Violinist from Kerala, India.	Thrissur C. Rajendran	India
country of citizenship	Donald Cameron Sr. (16 September 1869 -- 29 January 1936) was a farmer, engineer and a provincial politician from Alberta, Canada.	Donald Cameron Sr.	Canada
country of citizenship	William Perrett Mead (7 December 1889 -- 5 August 1980) was a New Zealand engineer, skier, tramper, ranger and writer.	William Perrett Mead	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Born in Madras, India (now Chennai, India) in 1724, Dawsonne Drake was the second son of George Drake (4 December 1696 - 1741), a native of Buckland and descendant of Sir Francis Drake, and his wife, Sophia Bugden.	Dawsonne Drake	India
country of citizenship	Louis-Toussaint Milandre (floruit ca. 1756 -- ca. 1776) was a French composer, violinist, viol and viola d'amore player in the court chamber music of Louis XV of France.	Louis-Toussaint Milandre	France
country of citizenship	Vianey Vázquez Ramírez (born April 25, 1994) is a Mexican beauty pageant titleholder who won the title Nuestra Belleza Interncional México 2014 and represented Mexico at the Miss International 2014 pageant.	Vianey Vázquez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mpitsa Marai (born 4 February 1980) is a retired Mosotho footballer who currently works as an assistant coach for Lesotho Prison Service.	Mpitsa Marai	Lesotho
country of citizenship	Phares Kashemeza Kabuye was a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.	Phares Kashemeza Kabuye	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Bogdan Wołkowski (born 1957 in Jaworzno, Poland), nicknamed ``The Wizard'', is a Polish professional billiards trick-shot artist and entertainer, who has won many World Trick Shot Championships.	Bogdan Wołkowski	Poland
country of citizenship	The final match of the 2012 World Deaf Football Championships played between the Russian and the American women's teams in Ankara, Turkey on July 18, 2012, was supervised by Kadriye Gökçek.	Kadriye Gökçek	Turkey
country of citizenship	Amara Essy (born 20 December 1944) is a diplomat from Ivory Coast.	Amara Essy	Ivory Coast
country of citizenship	John Psathas, ONZM (born 1966) is a New Zealand composer, son of Greek immigrant parents.	John Psathas	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Irving Berry (born 11 January 1986 in Panama City, Panama) is a featherweight boxer from Panama and is the second ranked featherweight for the WBA championship.	Irving Berry	Panama
country of citizenship	Louis Antoine Debrauz de Saldapenna was born 2 June 1811 as Alois Anton Dobrauz (Slovene: Alojz Dobravec) as the son of the trader Luca Dobrauz and his wife Marie in Trieste, in the former empire of Austria-Hungary (now Italy).	Louis Antoine Debrauz de Saldapenna	Italy
country of citizenship	Elena Burke (born Romana Elena Burgues Gonzalez on February 28, 1928 in Havana, Cuba -- June 9, 2002 in Havana, Cuba) was a revered and popular Cuban singer of boleros and romantic ballads.	Elena Burke	Cuba
country of citizenship	Pedro Julio Sánchez (born 8 April 1940) is a retired Colombian road racing cyclist who won the 1968 Vuelta a Colombia.	Pedro Julio Sánchez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Brice Lalonde (born 10 February 1946) is a former green party leader in France, who ran for President of France in the Presidential elections, 1981.	Brice Lalonde	France
country of citizenship	Ankita Shorey (born 3 October 1989) is an Indian model who was crowned Femina Miss India International 2011.	Ankita Shorey	India
country of citizenship	Consuelo Ynares-Santiago (born October 5, 1939) is a former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines.	Consuelo Ynares-Santiago	Philippines
country of citizenship	Sigurbjörn Einarsson (30 June 1911 -- 28 August 2008) was an Icelandic clergyman and doctor of theology who served as the Bishop of Iceland (head of the Lutheran Church of Iceland) 1959--1981.	Sigurbjörn Einarsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Volf Roitman (30 December 1930 in Montevideo, Uruguay -- 25 April 2010) was a painter, sculptor and architect, sometimes referred to as a Renaissance Man, the son of Russian/Romanian parents.	Volf Roitman	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Abderrahmane Benkhalfa (Arabic: عبد الرحمان بن خالفة, born 2 July 1949 in Tiaret, Algeria) is an Algerian financial expert.	Abderrahmane Benkhalfa	Algeria
country of citizenship	Ben Ely (born 13 September 1970) is an Australian musician and artist best known for his work with Brisbane indie/alternative rock band Regurgitator, a multi-ARIA Music Award winning group which formed in Brisbane, Australia in December 1993.	Ben Ely	Australia
country of citizenship	Luciano Gaucci (born December 28, 1938 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian entrepreneur and sportsman.	Luciano Gaucci	Italy
country of citizenship	José Cid (born José Albano Cid de Ferreira Tavares on February 4, 1942 in Chamusca, Portugal) is a Portuguese singer and composer.	José Cid	Portugal
country of citizenship	Troy Harley, earlier known as Roman Arkhipov, was born in Nizhny Novgorod, in Russia.	Troy Harley	Russia
country of citizenship	Maxwell Bury (28 July 1825 -- 9 September 1912) was an English-born architect who was active in New Zealand in the 19th century.	Maxwell Bury	New Zealand
country of citizenship	``Hortensia Fussy continues a development of visual arts in Austria, which starts with Gustav Klimt and Egon Schiele and has been continued by artists such as the painter Herbert Boeckl and the sculptor Josef Pillhofer.	Hortensia Fussy	Austria
country of citizenship	Joseph Kokou Koffigoh (born 1948) is a Togolese politician, human rights activist, and a poet who served as Prime Minister of Togo from 27 August 1991 to 25 April 1994.	Joseph Kokou Koffigoh	Togo
country of citizenship	Hakan Utangaç (born 1965 in Istanbul) is the guitarist of heavy metal band Mezarkabul (known as Pentagram in Turkey).	Hakan Utangaç	Turkey
country of citizenship	Samuel James Clark (born 18 October 1987), known simply as Sam Clark, is an Australian actor, singer-songwriter from Adelaide, South Australia, best known for his role as Ringo Brown on the Australian soap opera, Neighbours.	Sam Clark	Australia
country of citizenship	John Fifita is a Tongan former rugby league player who represented his country in the 1986 Pacific Cup and played professionally in England and Australia.	John Fifita	Australia
country of citizenship	Ángel Lulio Cabrera (born 19 October 1908 in Madrid, Spain -- died 8 July 1999 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was an Argentinian botanist.	Ángel Lulio Cabrera	Spain	Argentina
country of citizenship	Fujiwara no Shimeko (1131--1176) was an Empress consort of Japan.	Fujiwara no Shimeko	Japan
country of citizenship	Angela Bulloch (born 1966, in Rainy River, Ontario, Canada), is an artist who often works with sound and installation; she is recognised as one of the Young British Artists.	Angela Bulloch	Canada
country of citizenship	James Fagan (born 1972) is a folk musician from Sydney, Australia.	James Fagan	Australia
country of citizenship	Bhavina Hasmukhbhai Patel (Hindi: भाविना हसमुखभाई पटेल,Gujarati: ભાવિના હસમુખભાઈ પટેલ) is a Para table tennis player from India.	Bhavina Hasmukhbhai Patel	India
country of citizenship	Masahiro Miyazaki (宮崎 正裕 - Miyazaki Masahiro, born 1963) is a Japanese Kendo player who works for Kanagawa Prefectural Police in Japan.	Masahiro Miyazaki	Japan
country of citizenship	China Keitetsi was born in 1976 in the west of Uganda.	China Keitetsi	Uganda
country of citizenship	Vidhya Yadav is a cricket administrator from India.	Vidhya Yadav	India
country of citizenship	Zé Luís made his debut for Cape Verde on 24 May 2010, playing one minute in a friendly in Covilhã with Portugal, which was preparing for the FIFA World Cup in South Africa.	Zé Luís	Cape Verde
country of citizenship	Henry Gesner Pineo, Jr. (March 6, 1830 -- May 12, 1874) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Henry Gesner Pineo, Jr.	Canada
country of citizenship	Thorsteinn Thorgeirsson (born September 17, 1955 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic economist who has primarily worked in government and international organisations.	Thorsteinn Thorgeirsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Sev Lewkowicz (born 15 February 1951, London, England) is a musical composer, producer, arranger and keyboard player based in the United Kingdom.	Sev Lewkowicz	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Maryna Kyiko (born 7 January 1987) is a trampoline gymnast from Ukraine.	Maryna Kyiko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	José Miguel Carrera Verdugo (October 15, 1785 -- September 4, 1821) was a Chilean general, member of the prominent Carrera family, and considered one of the founders of independent Chile.	José Miguel Carrera	Chile
country of citizenship	Miura Chora (23 May 1729 -- 4 September 1780) was a Japanese poet raised in Ise, in the Mie Prefecture of Shima Province on the island of Honshu, Japan.	Miura Chora	Japan
country of citizenship	Liu Bei (Mandarin pronunciation: (lju peɪ); 161 -- 10 June 223), courtesy name Xuande, was a warlord in the late Eastern Han dynasty who founded the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period and became its first ruler.	Liu Bei	Shu Han
country of citizenship	Katrín Jakobsdóttir (pronounced (ˈkʰaːtʰrin ˈjaːkʰɔpstouhtɪr)) (born 1 February 1976) is an Icelandic politician and a member of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) for the Reykjavík North constituency since 2007.	Katrín Jakobsdóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Del B was born in Kano State, Northern Nigeria to parents who are natives of Kwale.	Del B	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Anjana Seth is one of the famous fashion designer from New Delhi, India.	Anjana Seth	India
country of citizenship	Erik Tammer (born June 29, 1969 in Utrecht) is a former professional Association football striker from the Netherlands.	Erik Tammer	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Kléber Dadjo (1914--1988 or 1989) served as Interim President of Togo in his role as Chairman of the National Reconciliation Committee from 14 January 1967 to 14 April 1967 following the overthrow of President Nicolas Grunitzky's government.	Kléber Dadjo	Togo
country of citizenship	Anna Bocson (née Wojtaszek, divorced Pazera; born 25 November 1936) is a Poland-born Australian retired athlete who specialised in the javelin throw.	Anna Bocson	Poland
country of citizenship	Edgar Breau is a musician in Ontario, Canada.	Edgar Breau	Canada
country of citizenship	Khaqan Haider Ghazi (Urdu: خاقان حیدر غازی) (born December 28, 1965) is a Punjabi poet and working in FM95 Pakistan, Punjab Rung program Nena De Akhay Lagay.	Khaqan Haider Ghazi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Joachim Maier (born 5 May 1955) is Director at the Max Planck Institute for Solid State Research in Stuttgart (Germany) and heads the department of Physical Chemistry.	Joachim Maier	Germany
country of citizenship	Francisco García Salinas (20 November 1786-2 December 1841), known as ``Tata Pachito'' was born in Jerez, Zacatecas, Mexico.	Francisco García Salinas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Oleg Zherebtsov (born 21 May 1968) is a Russian businessman, founder of hypermarkets ``Lenta'' and ``Norma'', the world sailing champion in 2011 at 12 meters class, the founder of the Association SB20 in Russia, and General Director of the Pharmaceutical Company Solopharm.	Oleg Zherebtsov	Russia
country of citizenship	A recent book by Elizabeth Reid, The Singular Journey of O'Hea's Cross, poses the theory that Timothy O'Hea in fact died in Ireland, shortly after his discharge from the British Army in 1868.	Timothy O'Hea	Ireland
country of citizenship	François Delecour (born 30 August 1962 in Hazebrouck, France) is a rally driver.	François Delecour	France
country of citizenship	Vicki-Lee Walberg (born 11 October 1975) is a model who was Miss United Kingdom in 1997, and made the top 10 at the Miss World 1997 pageant.	Vicki-Lee Walberg	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Phao Sriyanond (Thai: เผ่า ศรียานนท์, rtgs: Phao Siyanon, March 1, 1910 - November 21, 1960) was a director general of Thailand's national police who was notorious for his excesses against political opponents.	Phao Sriyanond	Thailand
country of citizenship	Martín de Valencia was born in Valencia de Don Juan, in the bishopric of Oviedo, Spain, ca.	Martín de Valencia	Spain
country of citizenship	Roberto Carlos Leyva Cortez (born October 27, 1979 in Puerto Peñasco, Sonora, Mexico) is a Mexican boxer in the Bantamweight division.	Roberto Carlos Leyva	Mexico
country of citizenship	Susan McCullough is a professor at the Lamont School of Music, University of Denver, in the United States of America, and a respected and experienced French horn recitalist.	Susan McCullough	United States of America
country of citizenship	Alana Dante (real name Christel Hoogewijs, born 1 December 1969) is a Belgium-born singer.	Alana Dante	Belgium
country of citizenship	Anand Gandhi (आनंद गांधी) (born Anand Modi; 26 September 1980 in Mumbai, India) is a filmmaker and a media producer based in Mumbai most known for his debut feature film Ship of Theseus, which won the National Film Award for Best Picture.	Anand Gandhi	India
country of citizenship	Before her death Galina Brezhneva had been a guest on British television to talk about life in the Soviet Union.	Galina Brezhneva	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Tina Paulino (Argentina da Gloria Paulino; born 7 July 1973) is an 800 metres runner from Mozambique.	Tina Paulino	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Kyaw Khing Win (born 23 December 1983) is a footballer from Myanmar.	Kyaw Khing Win	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Raymond Anne is entombed at the Mémorial de la France combattante at Mont-Valérien, where he represents the FFI.	Raymond Anne	France
country of citizenship	Tegbessou (alternatively Tegbesu) or Bossa Ahadee was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, from 1740 until 1774.	Tegbessou	Benin
country of citizenship	Eleftherios Kosmidis (born 6 May 1991) in Greece is an international elite artistic gymnast and a former world champion on Men's Floor Exercise.	Eleftherios Kosmidis	Greece
country of citizenship	Oton Gliha (1914--1999) was a Croatian artist, born in Slovenia.	Oton Gliha	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Chief Dr. Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu (born September 4, 1942) is a Nigerian politician, statesman and renowned businessman, considered one of the richest men in Nigeria.	Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jens Scheer (30 May 1935 -- 18 July 1994), was a physicist, professor of nuclear physics at the University of Bremen and one of Germany's best-known anti-nuclear activists.	Jens Scheer	Germany
country of citizenship	Albert A. Brown (born July 29, 1895 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, died June 19, 1971) was a Canadian politician, barrister, lawyer and professional Canadian football player.	Albert A. Brown	Canada
country of citizenship	Purnawarman or Purnavarman is the 5th century king of Tarumanagara, a Hindu Indianized kingdom, located in modern-day West Java, Jakarta and Banten provinces, Indonesia.	Purnawarman	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Aaron ben Samuel was a Hebrew author; born about 1620; flourished in Germany during the latter half of the seventeenth century.	Aaron ben Samuel	Germany
country of citizenship	Lys Assia (born Rosa Mina Schärer; 3 March 1924, in Rapperswil, Aargau, Switzerland) is a Swiss singer who won the first Eurovision Song Contest in 1956.	Lys Assia	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Tatamkhulu Afrika was born Mogamed Fu'ad Nasif in Egypt to an Egyptian father and a Turkish mother, and came to South Africa as a very young child.	Tatamkhulu Afrika	South Africa
country of citizenship	Enrico Bertaggia (born September 19, 1964 in Noale, Venice) is a former racing driver from Italy.	Enrico Bertaggia	Italy
country of citizenship	Marcel Dadi immigrated to Eilat (Israel) on the Red Sea, in 1983, and lived there with his wife and newborn son for several years before moving back to France.	Marcel Dadi	France
country of citizenship	Abdeljalil El Hajji (Arabic: عبد الجليل ش حجي‎; born 28 June 1969 in Rabat, Morocco) is a retired Moroccan footballer.	Abdeljalil El Hajji	Morocco
country of citizenship	John Wesley Weldon (ca 1809 -- 1885) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in the Province of New Brunswick, Canada.	John Wesley Weldon	Canada
country of citizenship	Epifanio Comis (born August 4, 1968 in Catania, Italy) is an Italian concert pianist and conductor.	Epifanio Comis	Italy
country of citizenship	Mary Boyoi, singer, human rights activist and philanthropist, is from the Murle tribe of South Sudan.	Mary Boyoi	South Sudan
country of citizenship	Alisa Kajornchaiyakul (Thai: อลิสา ขจรไชยกุล) (born October 18, 1965 in Chonburi, Thailand) was Thailand's representatives at Miss World 1982 in the United Kingdom.	Alisa Kajornchaiyakul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Southern India Cinematographers' Association - SICA Awaard 2015 - Nandini Srikar won the best female singer of the year award for her song ``Harjaiyaan'' from the film Queen.	Nandini Srikar	India
country of citizenship	Jani Minga (1872-1947) was a patriot Albanian teacher and a notable follower of the National Renaissance of Albania.	Jani Minga	Albania
country of citizenship	Axel Wieandt was born in Bochum (Germany) as the son of Paul Wieandt, who later became a well known German banker.	Axel Wieandt	Germany
country of citizenship	Akın Birdal (born 2 January 1948, Niğde, Niğde Province, Turkey) is a Turkish human rights activist and politician.	Akın Birdal	Turkey
country of citizenship	Stephan, Prince of Lippe (Stephan Leopold Justus Richard) was born on 24 May 1959 in Detmold, Germany.	Stephan, Prince of Lippe	Germany
country of citizenship	Dimitrios Priftis (alternate spelling: Dimitris) (Greek: Δημήτρης Πρίφτης; born October 27, 1968 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball coach.	Dimitrios Priftis	Greece
country of citizenship	Johann Baptist Babel (25 June 1716 -- 9 February 1799) was the preeminent sculptor of Baroque era Switzerland.	Johann Baptist Babel	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Tame Parata (c.1837 -- 6 March 1917), also known as Thomas Pratt, was a Māori and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand.	Tame Parata	New Zealand
country of citizenship	François Bellet (November 2, 1750 -- February 19, 1827) was a ship's captain, merchant and political figure in Lower Canada.	François Bellet	Canada
country of citizenship	Trygve Allister Diesen (Trig Diesen) (born 11 July 1967 in Norway) is a TV and film director, producer and screenwriter.	Trygve Allister Diesen	Norway
country of citizenship	Lynda Keane began her career as a child actor in London, performing professionally since she was 15 months old, before her family emigrated to Australia when she was ten.	Lynda Keane	Australia
country of citizenship	Idan Alterman (Hebrew: עידן אלתרמן‎; born in Haifa, Israel on October 3, 1971) is an Israel television, film and theatre actor.	Idan Alterman	Israel
country of citizenship	Emmanuel John Chukuwuemeka Nwodo, known more commonly as Emmanuel Nwodo (born 19 March 1974 in Enugu, Nigeria) is a Nigerian professional boxer who fights in the cruiserweight division.	Emmanuel Nwodo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jessie Ann Scott (1883--1959) was a notable New Zealand doctor, medical officer and prisoner of war.	Jessie Ann Scott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Burkhard Beins (born 1964 in Lower Saxony, West Germany) is a German composer/performer who works with percussion, selected objects and electronics.	Burkhard Beins	Germany
country of citizenship	Mohammed Nuru Dini (born 15 October 1987) is a Ghanaian football player who played for Liberty Professionals in the Ghana Premier League in the 2006--07 season.	Mohammed Nuru Dini	Ghana
country of citizenship	Roger Sarty (born 27 September 1952 in Halifax, Nova Scotia) is among Canada's leading historians, specializing in the history of Canada's Navy and coastal defence.	Roger Sarty	Canada
country of citizenship	Dieter Schidor was born on 6 March 1948 in Bienrode, today a part of Braunschweig, Germany.	Dieter Schidor	Germany
country of citizenship	Lajos Blau (German: Ludwig Blau; April 29, 1861 -- 1936) was a Hungarian scholar and publicist born at Putnok, Hungary.	Lajos Blau	Hungary
country of citizenship	Elif Deniz was called for the Turkey girls' U-17 national team, and debuted in the 2009 UEFA Women's U-17 Championship qualifying round match against the Irish girls on October 18, 2008.	Elif Deniz	Turkey
country of citizenship	Abu Yaqub Yusuf an-Nasr (أَبُو يُوسُف يَعقُوب الناصر abū yūsuf ya`qūb an-nāṣr) (died 13 May 1307) was a Marinid ruler of Morocco.	Abu Yaqub Yusuf an-Nasr	Morocco
country of citizenship	Garret Crossman, born 7 December 1982 in Orange, New South Wales, Australia is an Australian rugby league player.	Garret Crossman	Australia
country of citizenship	Sir Frederick Shaw, 3rd Baronet (11 December 1799 -- 30 June 1876) was an Irish Conservative MP in the United Kingdom Parliament.	Sir Frederick Shaw, 3rd Baronet	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Riaan Manser (born 1973) is a pioneering explorer, based in South Africa.	Riaan Manser	South Africa
country of citizenship	Marina Matrossova (born July 2, 1990) is a cross country skier from Kazakhstan who has competed since 2008.	Marina Matrossova	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Andriy Matviyevych Bobyr (13/12/1915-18/5/1994), People's Artist of Ukraine (1986).	Andriy Matviyevych Bobyr	Ukraine
country of citizenship	David Cazès (born 1851, Tétouan, Morocco) was a Moroccan Jewish educator and writer.	David Cazès	Morocco
country of citizenship	Loke Wan Tho (Chinese: 陆运涛; pinyin: Lù Yùntāo; 1915--1964), born in Kuala Lumpur (now in Malaysia), was a Singaporean business magnate, ornithologist, and photographer.	Loke Wan Tho	Malaysia
country of citizenship	William Dell Perley (February 6, 1838 -- July 15, 1909) was a farmer and politician from western Canada.	William Dell Perley	Canada
country of citizenship	Raymond Manalo, (born ``Raymond Manaloto Manalo'' August 1, 1983 in Angeles City, Pampanga Philippines) is a Filipino singer, and the runner up to Rachelle Ann Go of the program Search for a Star produced by Viva Television and co-produced and broadcast by GMA Network in 2003 to 2004.	Raymond Manalo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Vivien Yeo (Chinese: 楊秀惠; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Iûⁿ Siù-hūi), born 20 July 1984 in Johor Bahru, Malaysia is a Malaysian born Chinese actress currently under contract to the TVB in Hong Kong.	Vivien Yeo	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Frédéric Cissokho (born April 19, 1971 in Rouen, France) is a French footballer who played 36 matches in Ligue 2 for Wasquehal in the 1997-1998 season .	Frédéric Cissokho	France
country of citizenship	Ercan Yazgan (born 1946) is one of Turkey's most prominent and respected comedians.	Ercan Yazgan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Javier Ramírez Abeja (born March 14, 1978 in Carmona, Spain) is a Spanish cyclist.	Javier Ramírez	Spain
country of citizenship	Yakiv Kripak (Ukrainian: Яків Вікторович Кріпак; born 13 June 1978 in Zaporizhya, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present-day Ukraine) is a former Ukrainian football midfielder, and currently the coach of FC Avanhard Kramatorsk in the Ukrainian First League.	Yakiv Kripak	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Ken Lim (born 1964) is an album producer, composer, publisher, artist manager and concert promoter from Singapore who came under the spotlight in 2004 as a chief judge of the Singapore Idol series.	Ken Lim	Singapore
country of citizenship	Iva Karagiozova-Shkodreva (Bulgarian: Ива Карагьозова-Шкодрева) (born September 21, 1971, Samokov, Bulgaria) is a former Bulgarian biathlete.	Iva Karagiozova-Shkodreva	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Onur Demirsoy (born July 11, 1981, Ankara, Turkey) is the animation director and one of the cartoonists of the humour web site Grafi2000.	Onur Demirsoy	Turkey
country of citizenship	Julian Quintart arrived in South Korea, from his home in Aywaille, Belgium, when he was seventeen, as a student with Rotary Youth Exchange.	Julian Quintart	Belgium
country of citizenship	Günter Zöller (born 21 May 1948) is a German figure skating coach and former competitor for East Germany.	Günter Zöller	East Germany
country of citizenship	Tan Sri Datuk Seri Utama Dr Elyas Omar was the third Lord Mayor (Datuk Bandar) of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Elyas Omar	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Braulio Arenas lived most of his youth in the north of Chile, moving in his teens to Talca to study.	Braulio Arenas	Chile
country of citizenship	Louis Koo (Koo Tin-lok 古天樂; born 21 October 1970) is a Hong Kong film actor.	Louis Koo	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Alfredo Corchado Jiménez is an award-winning Mexican-American journalist who has covered Mexico for many years, and is currently the Mexico City bureau chief of The Dallas Morning News.	Alfredo Corchado	Mexico
country of citizenship	Şehrîbana Kurdî (or Shahribana Kurdi), (born 1973), is a singer from Turkey of Kurdish origin.	Şehrîbana Kurdî	Turkey
country of citizenship	Henry Walton Smith (1738--1792) was the founder of W H Smith, one of the United Kingdom's largest bookselling and newspaper vending businesses.	Henry Walton Smith	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Tiberio Cruz Fortunato born on 15 December 1976 in Barrancabermeja, Colombia, is a Colombian actor.	Tiberio Cruz	Colombia
country of citizenship	Nasoni Rokobiau, born 29 November 1979, in Vunidawa, Fiji is a rugby union player.	Nasoni Roko	Fiji
country of citizenship	Emperor Rokujō (六条天皇 Rokujō-tennō) (December 28, 1164 -- August 23, 1176) was the 79th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.	Emperor Rokujō	Japan
country of citizenship	Emilie Risberg is regarded as an important member of the pioneers of girl's education in the mid 19th century Sweden, who reformed the education of girls by establishing girls' schools which offered proper academic education for females, in contrast to the earlier girl's pensions shallow education.	Emilie Risberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	António de Macedo (born 5 July 1931 in Lisbon, Portugal) was first a filmmaker and later a writer, university professor and lecturer.	António de Macedo	Portugal
country of citizenship	Thomas William McDonald (1869 -- 14 August 1968), sometimes known as Colonel Mac, was a United Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand.	Thomas William McDonald	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Haji Bashir Ismail Yusuf (Somali: Xaaji Bashiir Ismaaciil Yuusuf, Arabic: حاجي بشير اسماعيل يوسف‎) (b. 1912 in Hobyo, Somalia -- d. 1984 in Cairo, Egypt), also spelled Hagi Bashir Ismail Yousuf, was a Somali politician.	Haji Bashir Ismail Yusuf	Somalia
country of citizenship	Saleh Al-Dawod (24 September 1968, Dir'iya, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia) is a former football player.	Saleh Al-Dawod	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Lalawmpuia Pachuau is a product of the famous Tata Football Academy in Jamshedpur, India.	Lalawmpuia Pachuau	India
country of citizenship	Birgit Friedmann (born 8 April 1960) is a German former middle- and long-distance runner who competed in the 1500 metres and 3000 metres for West Germany.	Birgit Friedmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Schalk van der Merwe (16 April 1961 -- 24 January 2016) was a former professional tennis player from South Africa.	Schalk van der Merwe	South Africa
country of citizenship	Adam Hill (born 19 October 1986) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who currently plays as a loose forward for Wellington in the ITM Cup and the Hurricanes in Super Rugby.	Adam Hill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Apurva Asrani (born 21 March 1978) is a National Award winning film maker, film editor and screenwriter based in Mumbai, India.	Apurva Asrani	India
country of citizenship	Cuthbert Robert Blackett F.C.S., J.P. (9 October 1831 -- 1902), was a Victorian Government Analytical Chemist in colonial Australia.	Cuthbert Robert Blackett	Australia
country of citizenship	Gianella Neyra Magagna (born August 3, 1977 in Camaná Arequipa, Peru), is a Peruvian actress and model.	Gianella Neyra	Peru
country of citizenship	Subash Chandra Nembang (Nepali: सुवास चन्द्र नेम्वाङ, born 1953) is a Nepalese politician and the Chairman of Constituent Assembly of Nepal.	Subash Chandra Nembang	Nepal
country of citizenship	Ulf Langheinrich (1960, Wolfen, Germany) is a visual artist and composer.	Ulf Langheinrich	Germany
country of citizenship	Ra'anan Alexandrowicz (born August 29, 1969, Jerusalem, Israel) is an Israeli film director and screenwriter.	Ra'anan Alexandrowicz	Israel
country of citizenship	Isidro Montoya Valencia (born November 3, 1990 in Turbo, Antioquia) is a sprinter from Colombia.	Isidro Montoya	Colombia
country of citizenship	Mathias Svensson (born 24 September 1974, in Borås, Sweden) is a retired Swedish footballer.	Mathias Svensson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Lloyd Douglas Jackson (April 22, 1888 -- September 11, 1973) was mayor of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada from 1950 to 1962.	Lloyd Douglas Jackson	Canada
country of citizenship	Hur Nam-sik (born March 14, 1949, Uiryeong, Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea) was the 33rd, 34th, 35th mayor of Busan city.	Hur Nam-sik	South Korea
country of citizenship	Major General Mohammed Chris Alli was military governor of Plateau State Nigeria from August 1985 to 1986 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Chris Alli	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Bao Zheng (包拯; 11 April 999 -- 20 May 1062), commonly known as Bao Gongand Bao Qing Tian (包公, ``Lord Bao''), was a government officer during the reign of Emperor Renzong in China's Song Dynasty.	Bao Zheng	China
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Miguel Vicente Maillot aka Gonzalo Vicente (born 22 December 1979 in Uruguay) is a Uruguayan football player.	Gonzalo Vicente	Uruguay
country of citizenship	José Eduardo de Cárdenas (1765--1821) was a priest, theologist, politician, poet and writer of New Spain (now Mexico).	José Eduardo de Cárdenas	Spain	Mexico
country of citizenship	Prastuti Parashar (Porasor) (Assamese: প্ৰস্তুতি পৰাশৰ) is an actress from Assam, India.	Prastuti Parashar	India
country of citizenship	İsyan Erdogan (born 25 September 1982 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian soccer player who plays for Geelong SC in the Victorian State League Division 2.	İsyan Erdogan	Australia
country of citizenship	Cameron Blair is an Australian rugby league player who played professionally in Australia.	Cameron Blair	Australia
country of citizenship	Elvira Devinamira Wirayanti (born June 28, 1993 in Surabaya, East Java) is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Puteri Indonesia 2014 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant where she placed in the Top 15 and won best National Costume award.	Elvira Devinamira	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Jeton Kelmendi became well known in Kosovo, after the publication of his first book entitled:	Jeton Kelmendi	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Sarawut Masuk (Thai: ศราวุฒิ มาสุข), simply known as Nui (Thai: หนุ่ย), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Sarawut Masuk	Thailand
country of citizenship	In an extremely brief Test career, Vivek Razdan bowled in just two innings for India on the 1989 tour of Pakistan, taking five wickets in the second of them in a fairytale beginning but he faded away just as swiftly as he had risen into the limelight.	Vivek Razdan	India
country of citizenship	Ýewgeniý Zemskow (Russian: Евгений Земсков; born 17 March 1982) is a Turkmen football striker who played for Turkmenistan in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup.	Ýewgeniý Zemskow	Turkmenistan
country of citizenship	Lyndon Sheehan (born 16 July 1988) is a New Zealand freestyle skier.	Lyndon Sheehan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Joan Embury Cochran (née Feltham, 16 October 1912 -- 31 July 1995) was a New Zealand social reformer, sex educator and teacher.	Joan Embury Cochran	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pehr Ferdinand Holm (3 April 1844--30 March 1917) was a New Zealand mariner and ship owner .	Pehr Ferdinand Holm	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ilze Rubene played for Latvia in 1992, at first reserve board in the first European Team Chess Championship (women) in Debrecen (+2 −3 =1), and in 1996, at second board in the 32nd Chess Olympiad in Yerevan (+1 −3 =5).	Ilze Rubene	Latvia
country of citizenship	Rebecka Törnqvist (born 26 April 1964 in Uppsala, Sweden) is a Swedish jazz and pop vocalist.	Rebecka Törnqvist	Sweden
country of citizenship	Rao Bahadur Oyyarathu Chandu Menon (also known as O. Chandu Menon) (1847--1899) was a Malayalam language novelist from Kerala state, India.	Oyyarathu Chandu Menon	India
country of citizenship	Bajla Węgier (October 23, 1928 -- September 11, 1971), better known as Bella Darvi, was a Polish film actress and stage performer who was active in France and the United States.	Bella Darvi	France
country of citizenship	Donnchadh Donn mac Flainn (older spelling: Donnchad Donn mac Flainn) (Duncan of the Brown Hair, son of Flann) (died 944) was High King of Ireland and King of Mide.	Donnchad Donn	Ireland
country of citizenship	Luo Yutong (Chinese: 罗玉通; pinyin: Luó Yùtōng) (born 6 October 1985 in Huicheng, Huizhou, Guangdong) is an athlete from the People's Republic of China.	Luo Yutong	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Çun Mula (1818-1896) was the bajraktar (``flag-bearer'') of the Hoti tribe (today divided between Montenegro and Albania) and an Albanian freedom fighter.	Çun Mula	Albania
country of citizenship	Jakob Edvard Kuupik Kleist (born 31 March 1958) is a Greenlandic politician who served as the fifth Prime Minister of Greenland between 2009 and 2013.	Kuupik Kleist	Greenland
country of citizenship	Lise Tréhot was born in Ecquevilly, Seine-et-Oise, France, on 14 March 1848, to Louis Tréhot and Amelie Elisabeth Boudin.	Lise Tréhot	France
country of citizenship	Karel Schoeman (born 26 October 1939 in Trompsburg, South Africa) is a South African novelist, historian, translator and man of letters.	Karel Schoeman	South Africa
country of citizenship	Maria Burmaka (Ukrainian: Марія Бурмака, born June 17, 1970 in Kharkiv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian singer, musician, and songwriter in genres of rock, pop, folk, world music.	Maria Burmaka	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Clas Åkesson Tott (c. 1530--1590) was a military Field Marshal (1572) and member of the Privy Council of Sweden (1575).	Clas Åkesson Tott	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ishwor Pokhrel (Nepali: ईश्वर पोखरेल Listen ) is the current general secretary of Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist--Leninist) and also the former general secretary from the same party.	Ishwor Pokhrel	Nepal
country of citizenship	Samuele Bersani (born 1 October 1970, Rimini, Italy) is an Italian singer-songwriter.	Samuele Bersani	Italy
country of citizenship	In 2005, he released a self-titled album Antonio Orozco, which was a compilation of his best songs (twelve in total) that eventually propelled him into stardom outside Spain, mainly in Latin America and other parts of the world.	Antonio Orozco	Spain
country of citizenship	Heinrich von Winkelried (d. after 1303), known as Schrutan or Strut ``the giant'', was a medieval knight in what is now Central Switzerland.	Heinrich von Winkelried	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Gary Friedel (born October 30, 1942) is a civil servant and former provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada.	Gary Friedel	Canada
country of citizenship	James Dimitrios Sarrás León (1927--1983), sometimes hispanicized as Dimitrio Sarrás or Dimitrius Sarrás was a Greek actor and theater director who spent the last decades of his life working in Mexico, where he also founded an acting school and directed several telenovelas.	Dimitrios Sarrás	Mexico
country of citizenship	Hermann Ehrhardt (29 November 1881 -- 27 September 1971) was a German Freikorps commander during the period of turmoil in Weimar Republic Germany from 1918 to 1920, he commanded the famous II.Marine Brigade, better known as the Ehrhardt Brigade or Marinebrigade Ehrhardt.	Hermann Ehrhardt	Germany
country of citizenship	Asmawi Ani (born 25 August 1981), better known as Mawi, is a Malaysian singer and winner of the Third Season of Malaysia's popular reality show, Akademi Fantasia.	Mawi	Malaysia
country of citizenship	László Rudas (born Adolf Roth; 1885--1950) was a Hungarian communist newspaper editor and politician who survived the Great Purge in the Soviet Union to become director of the Central Party School of the Communist Party of Hungary.	László Rudas	Hungary
country of citizenship	Deola Sagoe is an haute couture fashion designer from Ondo State, Nigeria.	Deola Sagoe	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Titus Allooloo (born 1953) is a business man and former territorial level politician from Northwest Territories, Canada.	Titus Allooloo	Canada
country of citizenship	Magdalena van de Passe (1600--1638) was a Dutch engraver and important member of the Van de Passe family of artists from Cologne who were active in the Northern Netherlands.	Magdalena van de Passe	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dimitry Muravyev (Kazakh: Дмитрий Муравьёв, born 2 November 1979 in Kazakhstan) is a former professional road bicycle racer from Kazakhstan.	Dimitry Muravyev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	In 2008, he was the Canada Council for the Arts' Artist in Residence at the Künstlerhaus Bethanien in Berlin, and published the catalogue An Te Liu:	An Te Liu	Canada
country of citizenship	Yehuda Amichai was born in Würzburg, Germany, to an Orthodox Jewish family, and was raised speaking both Hebrew and German,his German name was Ludwig Pfeuffer.	Yehuda Amichai	Germany
country of citizenship	Roselle Nava (born March 28, 1976) is a singer, film and television actress, and politician in the Philippines.	Roselle Nava	Philippines
country of citizenship	Anderson Santana dos Santos, known as Anderson Santana or Anderson Mineiro in Brazil (born April 24, 1986 in Belo Horizonte), is a Brazilian left back who currently plays for Aktobe in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Anderson Santana dos Santos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Atakan Yüksel (born Augıust 13, 1985 in Şefaatli, Yozgat Province, Turkey) is a Turkish wrestler competing in the 66 kg division of Greco-Roman style.	Atakan Yüksel	Turkey
country of citizenship	Llandel Veguilla Malavé (born January 14, 1977 in Cayey, Puerto Rico), better known by his stage name Yandel, is a Puerto Rican reggaeton musician, songwriter and record producer, who emerged in the music scene in 1995.	Yandel	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Satomi Fukunaga (福永恵規, Fukunaga Satomi, born January 26, 1967 in Tokyo, Japan), is a former japanese idol, singer and actress.	Satomi Fukunaga	Japan
country of citizenship	Dato' Dr. Mohamad Shahrum Osman (born 15 July 1953) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Lipis constituency in Pahang from 2004 to 2013.	Mohamad Shahrum Osman	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Ramin Mehmanparast (Persian: رامین مهمانپرست‎‎, born 13 July 1960 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian diplomat, the former spokesman of the Iranian foreign ministry and the current ambassador to Poland and Lithuania.	Ramin Mehmanparast	Iran
country of citizenship	Nicol Gastaldi (born February 16, 1990) is an alpine skier from Argentina.	Nicol Gastaldi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Bakur, also known as Pacorus or Aurelius Pacorus (Bakur Armenian: Բակուր, Latinized: Bacurius, Aurelius Pacorus Greek: Αύρήλιος Πάκορος) was a Parthian Prince who served as one of the Kings of Armenia in the 2nd century.	Bakur	Armenia
country of citizenship	Vladimir A. Babeshko (born 30 May 1941; Russian: Владимир Андреевич Бабешко) is a Russian physicist and the former President of Kuban State University in Krasnodar, Russia.	Vladimir A. Babeshko	Russia
country of citizenship	Narayan Ganesh Gore (Devanagari: नारायण गणेश गोरे) (1907--1993) was a socialist leader and Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Narayan Ganesh Gore	India
country of citizenship	Bent Patey (born 12 June 1952 in Oslo, Norway) is an English-Norwegian guitarist, composer and writer.	Bent Patey	Norway
country of citizenship	King Raam (Born in Bushehr, Iran in 1981) is an Iranian-born musician now living in Tehran, Iran.	King Raam	Iran
country of citizenship	Brigadier General Tekle Kiflay is the current commander of Operation Zone One in Eritrea.	Tekle Kiflay	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu (born 5 February 1968) is a Turkish politician who has been Minister of Foreign Affairs of Turkey since 24 November 2015; previously he was Minister of Foreign Affairs from August 2014 to August 2015.	Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Fatih Faner played for the national U-16 team at the 1st Balkan Ice Hockey Festival held in İzmit, Turkey.	Fatih Faner	Turkey
country of citizenship	Carmen Valdés (Carmen Laura Valdés Capote; born November 23, 1954) is a retired sprinter from Cuba, who won an Olympic bronze medal in 4 x 100 metres relay in Munich 1972.	Carmen Valdés	Cuba
country of citizenship	Jayaram Khadka (Nepali: जयराम खड्का) (October 5, 1972) is a cross-country skier who is the first Winter Olympic Athlete from Nepal.	Jayaram Khadka	Nepal
country of citizenship	Daniel Lassalle (born 1965) is a baroque trombonist from France.	Daniel Lassalle	France
country of citizenship	Graeme Stephen Reeves (born 1949) is a deregistered former gynecologist and obstetrician from New South Wales, Australia, dubbed the Butcher of Bega in the press.	Graeme Stephen Reeves	Australia
country of citizenship	Ahmet Güneştekin (born December 22, 1966 in Batman, Turkey) is a visual artist, whose works span painting, conceptual art and constructions sculpture.	Ahmet Güneştekin	Turkey
country of citizenship	William Osael Romero Castillo (born 18 April 1986 in Usulután) is a former Salvadoran footballer who played internationally for the El Salvador national team.	Osael Romero	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Stipe Drews, birth name Stipe Drviš (pronounced as STEE-peh DER-vish, born 8 June 1973 in Makarska, Croatia), is a Croatian professional boxer.	Stipe Drews	Croatia
country of citizenship	Todd Torres (born June 11, 1968) is a former international breaststroke and freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico, who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1988.	Todd Torres	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Pablo Azar (born Pablo Azar on July 27, in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actor.	Pablo Azar	Mexico
country of citizenship	Passakorn Suwannawat (born 1 May 1986, Nakhon Pathom, Thailand) is a former Thai professional snooker player.	Passakorn Suwannawat	Thailand
country of citizenship	Nefermaat was the eldest son of Sneferu, the pharaoh and founder of the 4th Dynasty of Egypt, and his first wife.	Nefermaat	Egypt
country of citizenship	Erik Follestad Johansen (born June 22, 1989) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Vålerenga in Norway's GET-ligaen.	Erik Follestad Johansen	Norway
country of citizenship	Francesco Cirio (24 December 1836 -- 9 January 1900) was an Italian businessman, and is credited with being one of the first in the world with developing the appertization technique in Italy.	Francesco Cirio	Italy
country of citizenship	Valzhyna Mort (born Valhyna Martynava, 1981, Minsk, Belarus) is a Belarusian poet who now lives in the United States.	Valzhyna Mort	Belarus
country of citizenship	Alexander Hare McLintock, CBE (14 April 1903 -- 1968) was a New Zealand teacher, university lecturer, historian and artist.	Alexander Hare McLintock	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ubaidullah Jan Kandaharai, or simply known as Obaidullah Jan, was a prominent Pashto singer from Kandahar, Afghanistan.	Ubaidullah Jan	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	John Otway Cuffe, 2nd Earl of Desart (1788-1820), was Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Bossiney, in Cornwall, 13 December 1808 - May 1817.	John Otway Cuffe, 2nd Earl of Desart	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Bobby Aitken is a Cuban-born Jamaican guitarist and singer who had a string of hits in Jamaica in the 1960s and led the band The Carib Beats.	Bobby Aitken	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Carl August von der Meden (6 December 1841 -- 23 May 1911) was the first president of the Deutscher Tennis Bund (English: German Tennis Federation) and was called the Father of lawn tennis in Germany.	Carl August von der Meden	Germany
country of citizenship	Fernando Zagharián (born January 13, 1977 in Argentina) is a former football striker who was born and raised in Argentina, but now has dual nationality with Armenia due to his Armenian origin.	Fernando Zagharián	Argentina
country of citizenship	Maurice Toon is a paralympic boccia player from New Zealand competing mainly in category BC2 events.	Maurice Toon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Elise Rechichi OAM (born 11 January 1986) is an Australian sailor from Perth, Western Australia.	Elise Rechichi	Australia
country of citizenship	Omprakash Babarao Kadu alias Bacchu Kadu is an Independent MLA (Member of the Legislative Assembly) from Achalpur, India.	Omprakash Babarao Kadu	India
country of citizenship	Mohammed Chaara (born 16 August 1980 in Amsterdam, The Netherlands) is a Moroccan-Dutch television and film actor.	Mohammed Chaara	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Umut Güzelses (Hebrew: אומיט גונזאלס‎; born May 15, 1987 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish-Israeli footballer.	Umut Güzelses	Turkey
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Güllich (24 October 1960 - 31 August 1992), was born in Ludwigshafen, Germany, and is widely considered to be one of the best sport climbers in history.	Wolfgang Güllich	Germany
country of citizenship	Michel Banabila is a Dutch composer and sound artist, born April 14, 1961, in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	Michel Banabila	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Anna Colbjørnsdatter Arneberg (1667--1736) was a Norwegian national heroine, known for her participation in the Battle of Norderhov in Norway during the Great Northern War 29 March 1716.	Anna Colbjørnsdatter	Norway
country of citizenship	Jean-Jacques Dicker (born June 27, 1944 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a Swiss-French-American photographer, best known for his documentary photography of Africa and Southeast Asia and fine art photography including portraits and nudes.	Jean-Jacques Dicker	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Hwang Jini (Hangul: 황진이; c. 1506 -- c. 1560), also known by her gisaeng name Myeongwol (``bright moon'', 명월), was one of the most famous gisaeng of the Joseon Dynasty.	Hwang Jini	Joseon
country of citizenship	Marteinn Geirsson (born 11 February 1951) is a retired footballer who was capped 67 times (over 20 of those as captain) for Iceland between 1971 and 1982, scoring 8 goals.	Marteinn Geirsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Shobha Naidu is among the foremost Kuchipudi dancers of India and an outstanding disciple of the renowned master Vempati Chinna Satyam.	Shobha Naidu	India
country of citizenship	Eduardo Franco Zannier (Paysandú, Uruguay, 15 March 1945 -- Ib., 1 February 1989) was a singer and Uruguayan composer who gained international fame as the vocalist of the melodic group Los Iracundos.	Eduardo Franco	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Gerald Yetming (葉明 born 4 January 1945) is a Trinidad and Tobago politician and businessman.	Gerald Yetming	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Hossam Ramzy (Arabic: حسام رمزي‎; born in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian percussionist and composer.	Hossam Ramzy	Egypt
country of citizenship	Maria Dobroniega of Kiev (b. aft. 1012 -- d. 1087), was a Kievian Rus princess of the Rurikid dynasty and by marriage Duchess of Poland.	Maria Dobroniega of Kiev	Poland
country of citizenship	Abbas Adham was member of Red Lion and Sun Society directorate and senator-elect of Senate of Iran.	Abbas Adham	Iran
country of citizenship	When Australia won the toss on 15 March 1877 and elected to bat, Nat Thomson came out with Australia's No. 1 batsman Charles Bannerman to form the first-ever Test batting partnership.	Nat Thomson	Australia
country of citizenship	Stefanie Schüler-Springorum was born in Hamburg, West Germany, a year after the sudden appearance of the Berlin Wall to the east.	Stefanie Schüler-Springorum	Germany
country of citizenship	Justice Vikramajit Sen (born 31 December 1950) was a judge of the Supreme Court of India.	Vikramajit Sen	India
country of citizenship	Erin Selby is a politician and former TV personality in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Erin Selby	Canada
country of citizenship	Harm van den Dorpel (born 1981 in Zaandam, The Netherlands) is a Berlin-based conceptual artist.	Harm van den Dorpel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	John Edward Brockelbank (born February 23, 1931) is an instrument technician and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	John Edward Brockelbank	Canada
country of citizenship	Pavel Verbíř has played 10 matches for the Czech Republic national football team scoring two goals.	Pavel Verbíř	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Stéphane Udry (born 1961 in Sion, Switzerland) is an astronomer at the Geneva Observatory in Switzerland, whose current work is primarily the search for extra-solar planets.	Stéphane Udry	Switzerland
country of citizenship	William Mutwol (born October 10, 1967) is a former middle distance runner from Kenya.	William Mutwol	Kenya
country of citizenship	Steen1 (real name Seppo Lampela) (born 1976 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish rap musician.	Steen1	Finland
country of citizenship	Ferenc Szekeres (born March 21, 1947) is a retired long-distance runner from Hungary, who twice won the Amsterdam Marathon, in 1979 and 1981.	Ferenc Szekeres	Hungary
country of citizenship	Russell Packer (born 9 October 1989) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the National Rugby League and previously played for the New Zealand Warriors.	Russell Packer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Stanisław Grocholski (born June 6, 1865 in Żołynia, died February 26, 1932 in Buffalo) was a Polish painter, active in Poland, Germany, and in the United States of America.	Stanisław Grocholski	Poland
country of citizenship	Bianna Golodryga (born June 15, 1978 in Moldova, Soviet Union) is the news and finance anchor at Yahoo.	Bianna Golodryga	Moldova
country of citizenship	Julio César Ramírez (born April 30, 1974 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan former footballer who used to play for Progreso.	Julio César Ramírez	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Melanie Horsnell is a singer-songwriter from New South Wales, Australia.	Melanie Horsnell	Australia
country of citizenship	Rhyian Anderson-Morley (born 21 June 1990) is an Australian rules football player currently playing for the Yarraville Seddon Eagles in the Western Region Football League in Melbourne, Australia.	Rhyian Anderson-Morley	Australia
country of citizenship	Sidorela Kola (born c. 1970) was Miss Albania in 1992 and represented Albania at Miss Universe 1992 and Miss Europe 1993.	Sidorela Kola	Albania
country of citizenship	Geoffrey Moull was born in London, Ontario, Canada and studied conducting with Kirill Kondrashin, Sergiu Celibidache and Martin Stephani.	Geoffrey Moull	Canada
country of citizenship	Sylvia Chang (born Sylvia Chang Ai-chia 21 July 1953 in Chiayi, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese actress, writer, singer, producer and director.	Sylvia Chang	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Rosana Melo (born October 24, 1973 in Assis, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian popular singer who rose to prominence in 2005 participating in the TV show Gente que Brilha on SBT.	Rosana Melo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Alois Kracher Jr. (23 February 1959 -- 5 December 2007, Illmitz) was one of the most successful winemakers of Austria, and was known under the nickname ``Luis''.	Alois Kracher	Austria
country of citizenship	Martín Garrido Mayorga (born November 9, 1974 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine professional road racing cyclist since 1999.	Martín Garrido	Argentina
country of citizenship	Sir Benegal Rama Rau, CIE, ICS (1 July 1889 -- 13 December 1969) was the fourth Governor of the Reserve Bank of India from 1 July 1949 to 14 January 1957.	Benegal Rama Rau	India
country of citizenship	Shyqyri Ballgjini (born 15 August 1954 in Durrës) is a former Albanian footballer, who spent the most of his career, except one season, playing with Dinamo Tirana, as well as Albania.	Shyqyri Ballgjini	Albania
country of citizenship	Magnus Jákupsson (born 8 September 1994) is a professional swimmer who swam for the Faroe Islands until 2012 and for Denmark since 2013.	Magnus Jákupsson	Faroe Islands	Denmark
country of citizenship	Aloizs Tumiņš (22 March 1938 -- 29 January 2009) was a Latvian boxer from the Soviet Union.	Aloizs Tumiņš	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Lieutenant Colonel William George Malone (24 January 1859 -- 8 August 1915) was an officer in the New Zealand Military Forces who served in the First World War.	William George Malone	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Joseph Turgeon (April 5, 1751 -- May 1, 1831) was a master carpenter and political figure in Lower Canada.	Joseph Turgeon	Canada
country of citizenship	Moez Zemzemi (Arabic: معز زمزمي‎; born August 18, 1975) is a boxer from Tunisia.	Moez Zemzemi	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Educated at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario, where he enrolled in 1916, Charles Loewen joined the Royal Field Artillery in 1918 during the close of the First World War as he was too young for active service with the Canadian Army.	Charles Loewen	Canada
country of citizenship	Ernst Lohmeyer (8 July 1890 -- 19 September 1946) was a German scholar of the New Testament, evangelic theologian and Bible professor, executed by Soviet authorities occupying the former East Germany.	Ernst Lohmeyer	Germany
country of citizenship	Laura Natalia Esquivel (born May 18, 1994 in Buenos Aires, Argentina), known professionally as Laura Esquivel, is an Argentine actress and singer, who gained international popularity for her debut acting role as Patricia ``Patito'' Castro in the popular Argentine children's telenovela, Patito Feo.	Laura Natalia Esquivel	Argentina
country of citizenship	Pansa Meesatham (Thai: พรรษา มีสัตย์ธรรม) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Pansa Meesatham	Thailand
country of citizenship	Dr. Pairat Decharin (Thai: ไพรัตน์ เดชะรินทร์; rtgs: Phairat Decharin, died 26 May 1991) was the governor of Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Pairat Decharin	Thailand
country of citizenship	Wiel Arets was born on 6 May 1955 in Heerlen, Netherlands to Wiel Arets (1929) and Mia Heuts (1931).	Wiel Arets	Netherlands
country of citizenship	When the Heruli overran Greece and captured Athens (269), Dexippus showed great personal courage and revived the spirit of patriotism among his fellow-countrymen.	Dexippus	Greece
country of citizenship	Wavel Ramkalawan (born March 15, 1961) is a politician of the Seychelles.	Wavel Ramkalawan	Seychelles
country of citizenship	Publius Cornelius Sulla (died 45 BC) was a politician of the late Roman Republic and the nephew of Lucius Cornelius Sulla.	Publius Cornelius Sulla	Roman Republic
country of citizenship	Mathieu Clobert (born 8 January 1992 in Bruxelles, Belgium) is a Belgian singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Mathieu Clobert	Belgium
country of citizenship	Thaís Duarte Guedes (born January 20, 1993), commonly known as Thaís Guedes or Thaisinha, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Korean WK League club Hyundai Red Angels and the Brazil national team.	Thaís Duarte Guedes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Alpo Rusi (b. 17 August 1949, in Jyväskylä) served in the Foreign Ministry of Finland in several assignments (Hamburg, Copenhagen, New York, Bonn), and from 1994 to 1999 as foreign policy adviser to the President of Finland Martti Ahtisaari.	Alpo Rusi	Finland
country of citizenship	Errol Dunkley (sometimes Erroll Dunkley) is a Jamaican reggae musician, born in Kingston, Jamaica in 1951.	Errol Dunkley	Jamaica
country of citizenship	The President of the Federal Republic of Germany Horst Köhler honoured Ursula Cain by inviting her in the Federal Presidency Office in the Bellevue Palace (Schloss Bellevue) in Berlin on 27 March 2008.	Ursula Cain	Germany
country of citizenship	Claire Dorland-Clauzel (born November 15, 1954 in Rennes, France) is a French businesswoman.	Claire Dorland-Clauzel	France
country of citizenship	Bafétimbi Gomis (French pronunciation: ​(bafetimbi ɡɔmis); born 6 August 1985) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Swansea City and the France national team.	Bafétimbi Gomis	France
country of citizenship	Arvei Angulo Rivas (born April 13, 1982 in Valencia, Venezuela), known as El Prieto (also known as Prieto Gang, and originally known as Colombia), is a singer, songwriter and producer of Venezuelan hip hop.	El Prieto	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Vittorio Fontanella (born March 17, 1953 in Chiampo, Vicenza) is a former middle distance runner from Italy.	Vittorio Fontanella	Italy
country of citizenship	Jesús Géles is a professional boxer who resides in Colombia.	Jesús Géles	Colombia
country of citizenship	Markéta Irglová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmarkɛːta ˈɪrɡlovaː)) (born 28 February 1988, in Valašské Meziříčí, Czechoslovakia now Czech Republic) is a Czech singer-songwriter, musician and actress.	Markéta Irglová	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Jarkko Tapola (born 5 May 1944) is a Finnish former sprinter who participated in world athletics for Finland in the late 1960s and 1970s.	Jarkko Tapola	Finland
country of citizenship	Hameur Hizem (born 22 September 1937) is a former Tunisian football manager who coached the Tunisia national football team.	Hameur Hizem	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Sheikh Sayyid Yahia Badreddin al-Houthi (born c. 1965) is the political leader of the Zaidi rebels who are fighting against the government of Yemen, known as the Houthis.	Yahia Badreddin al-Houthi	Yemen
country of citizenship	Till today, Dol Said is still known as a hero in Malaysia.	Dol Said	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Alun Bollinger, MNZM (born 1948) is a New Zealand cinematographer, who has worked on several Peter Jackson films, and many other films in New Zealand.	Alun Bollinger	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mirai Yamamoto (山本未來 Yamamoto Mirai, born 4 November 1974 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress.	Mirai Yamamoto	Japan
country of citizenship	Néstor Almendros Cuyás was born in Barcelona, Spain, but at 18 moved to Cuba to join his exiled anti-Francisco Franco father.	Néstor Almendros	Spain
country of citizenship	Scott Webster (born 2 June 1976), is a field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the team that won the silver medal at the 2002 World Hockey Cup.	Scott Webster	Australia
country of citizenship	Grega Bole (born 13 August 1985 in Jesenice, Slovenia) is a Slovenian professional road bicycle racer, currently riding for Nippo--	Grega Bole	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Ambrogio Minoja (22 October 1752 -- 3 August 1825) was a classical composer from Italy, born in Ospedaletto Lodigiano, in the territory of Lodi, in the region of Lombardy.	Ambrogio Minoja	Italy
country of citizenship	Cyrille Laventure (born March 29, 1964 in Fort-de-France, Martinique) is a French athlete who specializes in 5,000 meters.	Cyrille Laventure	France
country of citizenship	Lorenzo Ramaciotti (born 1948, Modena, Italy) is an Italian car designer.	Lorenzo Ramaciotti	Italy
country of citizenship	Luba Golovina is a Georgian trampolinist who represented Georgia at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games, and the 2012 Summer Olympic Games	Luba Golovina	Georgia
country of citizenship	Claire Baxter (born 24 January 1982, Australia) was a professional racing cyclist, competing in both road and mountain bike racing events.	Claire Baxter	Australia
country of citizenship	R. G. Pillai (born 1948), who uses the pseudonym Karazhmakaran Gopali, is a published writer, poet, stage actor, theater director and an accomplished painter from Kerala, India.	Karazhmakaran Gopali	India
country of citizenship	Guillermo Rojas Rumilla (born 29 March 1983 in San Luis, San Luis Potosí, Mexico) is a Mexican football Winger.	Guillermo Rojas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Horst Kummeth (born December 27, 1956 in Forchheim, Germany) is a German television actor, writer and director.	Horst Kummeth	Germany
country of citizenship	Tefik Mborja was born in 1888, in Mborje, Vilayet of Monastir, Ottoman Empire (today Albania).	Tefik Mborja	Albania
country of citizenship	Claudia Riechsteiner (born 3 January 1986 in Sursee, Switzerland) is a Swiss ice hockey defender.	Claudia Riechsteiner	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Lavinia Stan (born 1966 in Piteşti, Romania; Ph.D. in Political Science from the University of Toronto) is an Associate Professor of political science at St. Francis Xavier University in Canada.	Lavinia Stan	Romania
country of citizenship	Giovanni di Paolo Rucellai (1403--1481) was a member of a wealthy family of wool merchants in Renaissance Florence, in Tuscany, Italy.	Giovanni di Paolo Rucellai	Italy
country of citizenship	Muni Jinvijayji (1888--1976) was a scholar of orientalism, archeology, indology and Jainism from India.	Jinvijay	India
country of citizenship	Dolf Rieser (1898--1983) was a South Africa painter, printmaker, and teacher.	Dolf Rieser	South Africa
country of citizenship	Hanna Schwarz is a professor at Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg in Germany.	Hanna Schwarz	Germany
country of citizenship	Ay was the penultimate Pharaoh of Ancient Egypt's 18th dynasty.	Ay	Ancient Egypt
country of citizenship	Mariusz Okoniewski (born February 10, 1956 in Poznań, Poland - death February 10, 2006 in Śmigiel, Poland) was a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who was won Team Speedway Polish Championship six times and Polish Silver Helmet in 1976.	Mariusz Okoniewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Dr. Habibollah Hedayat (دکتر حبیب الله هدایت) (1917-2013), known as the father of modern nutrition sciences of Iran, is the founder of the Institute and Faculty of Nutrition and Food Science of Iran (INFSI).	Habibollah Hedayat	Iran
country of citizenship	Before Scouting was banned in Austria Hermann Buhl was a Cub Scout in Innsbruck.	Hermann Buhl	Austria
country of citizenship	Cat Hellisen was born in Cape Town and has lived in Johannesburg, South Africa and Nottingham, England.	Cat Hellisen	South Africa
country of citizenship	Pharaon Mirzoyan (Armenian: Փարավոն Միքայելի Միրզոյան; December 2, 1949) is an Armenian painter, the director of the National Gallery of Armenia.	Pharaon Mirzoyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Pär Lindgren (born 16 January 1952 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish composer and composition teacher, cited as one of Sweden's leading composers of electroacoustic music, and one of the most important Swedish composers of orchestral music of his generation along with Jan Sandstrom, Anders Hillborg, and Anders Nilsson.	Pär Lindgren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Mohammad Asim Kamal (born 31 May 1976 in Karachi) is a Test cricketer for the national team of Pakistan who scored 99 against South Africa on his Test debut.	Asim Kamal	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Luis Carlos Sarmiento Angulo (born 27 January 1933) is a Colombian billionaire and the wealthiest man in Colombia with a net worth of USD$12.9 billion as of 2015 that derives from the banking conglomerate Grupo Aval Acciones y Valores, SA, of which he is the majority shareholder and president.	Luis Carlos Sarmiento	Colombia
country of citizenship	Chief Rabbi David Asseo (1914 -- July 14, 2002) was the Hakham Bashi (or Chief Rabbi) of the Republic of Turkey from 1960 until his death in 2002.	David Asseo	Turkey
country of citizenship	Abdulkader Dakka (Arabic: عبد القادر دكة‎) (born 10 January 1985 in Latakia, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Abdulkader Dakka	Syria
country of citizenship	Ayisi Makatiani is the Managing Partner and CEO of Fanisi Capital Ltd, which manages the Fanisi Venture Capital Fund for investing in East Africa (Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania and Rwanda).	Ayisi Makatiani	Kenya
country of citizenship	Roger Saint-Vil (also spelled St. Vil) (born December 8, 1947 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) was a Haitian football (soccer) left wing who played professionally in the United States and Haiti.	Roger Saint-Vil	Haiti
country of citizenship	Orinoco Faamausili-Banse-Prince (born 31 July 1990 in Auckland) is a New Zealand swimmer of Samoan heritage, who specialized in freestyle events.	Orinoco Faamausili-Banse	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Máximo Rolón Villa (born November 18, 1934 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former Paraguayan footballer who has played for clubs in Paraguay, Chile and Colombia.	Máximo Rolón	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Wen-bin Chen (陳 文賓, born October 5, 1973 in Taiwan) was a professional baseball player in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball and Taiwan's Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Wen-bin Chen	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Sian Brice (born 2 April 1969) is a triathlete from the United Kingdom.	Sian Brice	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Linden Charles Mansell Saunders OBE (5 December 1908 -- 24 March 1995) was a New Zealand teacher, music critic and broadcaster.	Linden Charles Mansell Saunders	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hamid Ghassemi-Shall (Persian: حمید قاسمی-شال‎) (born circa 1967) is an Iranian-Canadian computer technician who was arrested by Iran on espionage charges in 2008 and sentenced to death the following year.	Hamid Ghassemi-Shall	Iran
country of citizenship	Mathieu Ganio was born in Marseille, France, the son of Ballet National de Marseille principal dancers Dominique Khalfouni and Denys Ganio.	Mathieu Ganio	France
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Ilgenfritz (January 10, 1957; Villach, Austria -- January 18, 2013; Villach) was an Austrian politician and most notably a non-attached Member of the European Parliament.	Wolfgang Ilgenfritz	Austria
country of citizenship	Ioan Chezan (born 14 August 1945, Sântejude, Cluj county, Romania) is a Romanian musician and conductor.	Ioan Chezan	Romania
country of citizenship	Roque Mercury Barrial (born September 8, 1938 in Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer and former football manager currently played for clubs of Chile and Colombia and coached in clubs of Chile.	Roque Mercury	Argentina	Chile
country of citizenship	Airini Nga Roimata Grennell (11 February 1910--8 December 1988) was a New Zealand singer, pianist, broadcaster.	Airini Nga Roimata Grennell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Catherine Mary Ann Adamson (née Friend, 13 October 1868 -- 9 August 1925) was a New Zealand homemaker and diarist.	Catherine Mary Ann Adamson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vasileios Christopoulos (Greek: Βασίλειος Χριστόπουλος, b. 1951 in Patras, Greece) is a Greek writer.	Vasileios Christopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Hippolyte Pixii (1808--1835) was an instrument maker from Paris, France.	Hippolyte Pixii	France
country of citizenship	Jeanne Downs (born 6 January 1968) is a former presenter of Children's ITV (now known as CITV), which is the brand name used for the majority of children's television output on ITV in the United Kingdom.	Jeanne Downs	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Vijay Sampla (born 6 July 1961), Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment in India, is a member of parliament from Hoshiarpur (Lok Sabha constituency).	Vijay Sampla	India
country of citizenship	Johannes Greber (1874-1944) born in Wenigerath, Germany, was ordained a Catholic priest, then renounced that and became deeply involved in a variety of spiritualist activities.	Johannes Greber	Germany
country of citizenship	Abdulla Mohamed Hussein (born 7 December 1987) is a athlete who competed internationally for Somalia.	Abdulla Mohamed Hussein	Somalia
country of citizenship	Alexander Lee Eusebio (Hangul: 알렉산더 이 유세비오; born on July 29, 1988 in Hong Kong), simply known by his stage name Alexander or Xander, is a Hong Kong singer, rapper, actor and television host mostly active in South Korea.	Alexander Lee Eusebio	South Korea
country of citizenship	Mariano Marcos y Rubio (April 21, 1897 -- March 8, 1945) was a lawyer and a politician from Ilocos Norte, Philippines.	Mariano Marcos	Philippines
country of citizenship	Rokas Zaveckas (born 15 April 1996 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian alpine skier.	Rokas Zaveckas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Wilfried Tevoedjre (born 20 September 1979 in Cotonou, Benin) is a Beninese swimmer specializing in freestyle.	Wilfried Tevoedjre	Benin
country of citizenship	Sandy Edmonds (born Rosalie L. Edmondson, 18 October 1948) is a British-born former pop singer and model, who achieved widespread popularity in New Zealand in the 1960s.	Sandy Edmonds	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mickaël Vendetta (real name Mickael Adon) (born October 3, 1987 in Le Creusot, France is a French Internet phenomenon and entrepreneur whose notoriety followed upon the buzz he created on the internet through his personal blog.	Mickaël Vendetta	France
country of citizenship	Árni Þorláksson (1237 -- 17 April 1298) was an Icelandic Roman Catholic clergyman, who became the tenth bishop of Iceland (1269--1298).	Árni Þorláksson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Brigitte Vallée (born June 6, 1950, in Courbevoie, Hauts-de-Seine, France) is a French mathematician and computer scientist.	Brigitte Vallée	France
country of citizenship	Syed Yazid was born at the General Hospital, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, graduated in International Business Administration which he gained from the University of Northumbria at Newcastle, United Kingdom.	Syed Yazid	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Dominique Avon is a French historian of religion and professor at the University of Maine, France.	Dominique Avon	France
country of citizenship	Mohammed al-Mokhtar Soussi (Arabic: محمد المختار السوسي‎; 1900--1963) was a Moroccan scholar, politician and writer who played an important role in the years before Morocco's independence in 1956.	Mohammed al-Mokhtar Soussi	Morocco
country of citizenship	Mujtaba Farooq is the first National President of the Political party, Welfare Party of India.	Mujtaba Farooq	India
country of citizenship	Kathleen Maisey Curtis, Lady Rigg (15 August 1892 -- 5 September 1994) was a New Zealand mycologist and was a founder of plant pathology in New Zealand.	Kathleen Maisey Curtis	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Adi Cristian Colceru also known as David Deejay (born December 10, 1980, in Barlad), is a DJ, producer and composer from Bucharest, Romania.	David Deejay	Romania
country of citizenship	Dr. Yohannes Haile-Selassie (born on 23 February 1961 in Adigrat, Ethiopia) is an Ethiopian paleoanthropologist.	Yohannes Haile-Selassie	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Ali Larijani (Persian: علی لاریجانی‎‎, Persian pronunciation: (æliː-e lɒːɾiːdʒɒːniː); born 3 June 1957) is an Iranian philosopher, politician and the current chairman of the Parliament of Iran.	Ali Larijani	Iran
country of citizenship	After Blau had to leave Austria in 1938, Hertha Wambacher continued working on the identification of particles from nuclear reactions of cosmic rays with the emulsion constituents.	Hertha Wambacher	Austria
country of citizenship	Harald Reinl (July 8, 1908 in Bad Ischl, Austria -- October 9, 1986 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain) was an Austrian film director.	Harald Reinl	Austria
country of citizenship	Christian Tønsberg became one of the larger Norwegian publishers and was best known for illustrated books about Norway.	Christian Tønsberg	Norway
country of citizenship	Chitchai Wannasathit (Thai: ชิดชัย วรรณสถิตย์, Chinese: 曹壁光; pinyin: Cáo Bìguāng, born August 13, 1946 in Ubon Ratchathani Province) was the caretaker prime minister of Thailand from April to May 2006, when Thaksin Shinawatra took a break from his duties as prime minister following a disappointing showing in elections.	Chitchai Wannasathit	Thailand
country of citizenship	Sophia Reuter, born in 1971, in Dresden, Germany, comes from a family with a long musical history.	Sophia Reuter	Germany
country of citizenship	Ng Xuan Hui (Chinese: 黄玄慧; pinyin: Huáng Xuánhuì; born 1977) is a former Singaporean sailor and three-time Singapore National Olympic Council Sportsgirl of the Year in 1991, 1992 and 1993.	Ng Xuan Hui	Singapore
country of citizenship	Roman Laba (Ukrainian: Роман Романович Лаба; born 30 November 1966 in Soroky-Lvivski, Lviv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union, now Ukraine) is a former Ukrainian football striker, and currently interim coach of FC Lviv in the Ukrainian First League.	Roman Laba	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Alonza J. White (ca 1836 -- August 29, 1912) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Alonza J. White	Canada
country of citizenship	His son, former Mexican Secretary of Finance Jesús Silva Herzog Flores, and grandson, Jesús Silva Herzog Márquez, are also prominent men in Mexico's political and intellectual life.	Jesús Silva Herzog	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rasim Delić (4 February 1949 -- 16 April 2010) was the Chief of Staff of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Rasim Delić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Carlos Torres Ríos (born 1898, Buenos Aires, Argentina -- died 1956, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was an Argentine cinematographer, film director, screenwriter, film editor and film producer of the classic era.	Carlos Torres Ríos	Argentina
country of citizenship	Antônio Delfim Netto is a Brazilian economist, former Minister of Finance, Agriculture, and Planning of Brazil, professor and congressman.	Antônio Delfim Netto	Brazil
country of citizenship	Simone Mestaguerra (or Mastaguerra) was for a short time lord of Forlì, Italy, during the 13th century.	Simone Mestaguerra	Italy
country of citizenship	Amir Kubura (born 4 March 1964) is a former Bosnian commander of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and officer of the Yugoslav People's Army who was indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and sentenced to two years imprisonment for 'plunder of public or private property'.	Amir Kubura	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Warwick Brown (born in Sydney, 24 December 1949) is a former racing driver from Australia.	Warwick Brown	Australia
country of citizenship	Dainis Ozols (born 11 September 1966 in Smiltene, Latvia) is a former professional cyclist from Latvia.	Dainis Ozols	Latvia
country of citizenship	Ruth Stella Correa Palacio (born 13 November 1959) is the 8th and current Minister of Justice and Law of Colombia.	Ruth Stella Correa Palacio	Colombia
country of citizenship	Johan Bjarne Kallis (born 21 March 1945 in Kokkola) is the former chairman of the Christian Democratic Party (KD), previously known as the Finnish Christian Coalition (SKL), and a member of the Parliament of Finland.	Bjarne Kallis	Finland
country of citizenship	Norman Langen (born 7 March 1985 in Bardenberg, Germany) is a German singer and a participant in season 8 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar who finished in 7th place.	Norman Langen	Germany
country of citizenship	Scott Cowan (born 4 June 1983 in Gore, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a halfback for the Southland Stags.	Scott Cowan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Manfred Grund was born July 3, 1955 in Zeitz, East Germany (GDR).	Manfred Grund	East Germany
country of citizenship	Sami Güçlü (born September 6, 1950, Konya, Turkey), is a Turkish politician.	Sami Güçlü	Turkey
country of citizenship	Keisha-Dean Soffe (born 28 September 1982 in Waitara, New Zealand) is a New Zealand weightlifting competitor.	Keisha-Dean Soffe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michael-Ray Pallares-González (born Englewood, NJ December 15, 1980) is a professional tennis player from the Dominican Republic.	Michael-Ray Pallares-González	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Promoe (Mårten Edh, born Nils Mårten Ed, 28 April 1976) is a Swedish rapper, and member of Swedish hip hop group Looptroop Rockers, formed in Västerås, Sweden, 1992.	Promoe	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dawid Przepiórka was born 22 December 1880 in Warsaw, Poland (then part of the Russian Empire), to a family of wealthy landowners and entrepreneurs of Jewish extraction.	Dawid Przepiórka	Poland
country of citizenship	Igor Vasilev, credited as Novogradska (Macedonian Cyrillic: Игор Василев; born June 22, 1978, in Skopje, SR Macedonia, SFRY) is a Macedonian composer/musician.	Novogradska	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Semira Adamu (1978--1998) was a 20-year-old asylum seeker from Nigeria who was suffocated to death with a pillow by two Belgian police officers who tried to calm her during their expulsion effort.	Semira Adamu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	William Spence Peter (1818 -- 23 May 1891) was a pioneer pastoralist of South Australia and New Zealand, and a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 1868 to 1891.	William Spence Peter	Australia	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maulana Mohammad Nabi Mohammadi (Pashto: محمد نبي محمدي‎ was an Afghan politician Afghan Mujahideen leader who was the founder and leader of the Harakat-i-Inqilab-i-Islami political party and paramilitary group. He served as Vice President of Afghanistan under the Mujahideen from 1992 to about 1996.	Mohammad Nabi Mohammadi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	The Perdita Huston Human Rights Award is supported by the Washington D.C. chapter of the United Nations Association of the United States of America.	Perdita Huston	United States of America
country of citizenship	Mauro Jöhri (born 1 September 1947 in Bivio, Graubünden, Switzerland) is the Minister General, that is, the worldwide head, of the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin, having served since 2006.	Mauro Jöhri	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Dragan Đilas (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Ђилас, pronounced (drǎɡan d͡ʑîlaːs), born 22 February 1967 in Belgrade, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician and businessman who was the Mayor of Belgrade.	Dragan Đilas	Serbia
country of citizenship	Mikail Shishkhanov was born on August 6, 1972 in Grozny (capital city of the Chechen Republic, Russia).	Mikail Shishkhanov	Russia
country of citizenship	Walther Straram (1876-1933) was a conductor active in France during the early twentieth century.	Walther Straram	France
country of citizenship	Samuel Edger (c.1823--1882) was a New Zealand non-denominational minister, writer, social reformer and community worker.	Samuel Edger	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vipul Mehta (born 1979) originating from Amritsar, Punjab, India is an Indian singer who on 1 September 2012 won the title of Indian Idol in season 6 of the show.	Vipul Mehta	India
country of citizenship	He was born at St-Benoît, Canada East in 1854, the son of Jean-Joseph Girouard, and studied at the Collège des Sulpiciens at Montreal.	Joseph Girouard	Canada
country of citizenship	Eduardo Maruri Miranda (born September 6, 1966, Guayaquil, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian businessman, President and Founding Member of MARURI Grey Global Group Ecuador , and former President of the Barcelona Sporting Club Soccer Team of Ecuador.	Eduardo Maruri	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Lynda Sorenson, is a politician in Northwest Territories, Canada.	Lynda Sorenson	Canada
country of citizenship	Arnd Klawitter (born 26 July 1968, Hamburg, Germany), is a German actor of stage, movie and television.	Arnd Klawitter	Germany
country of citizenship	Łukasz Romanek (21 August 1983 in Knurów, Poland -- 2 June 2006 in Wilcza, Poland) was a Polish speedway rider has won Under-19 European Champion title.	Łukasz Romanek	Poland
country of citizenship	Mijail Bárzaga Lugo (his name being the Spanish rendering of the Russian name Михаил, usually spelled Mikhail in English) is a Cuban dissident who worked as a freelance journalist in Havana and was incarcerated in Cuba for seven years as a prisoner of conscience recognized by Amnesty International.	Mijail Bárzaga	Cuba
country of citizenship	Beatriz Vaz e Silva (born 7 October 1985), commonly known as Bia, is a Brazilian soccer player who represented the Boston Breakers of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) and also plays the Brazil national team.	Beatriz Vaz e Silva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Born and raised in Florence, Italy, from an early age Andrea Tacchi took an interest in creating musical instruments, building his first guitar at age 15.	Andrea Tacchi	Italy
country of citizenship	Thiago Camilo Palmieri (São Paulo September 20 of 1984) is a racing driver Brazil.	Thiago Camilo	Brazil
country of citizenship	In the subsequent election to name his successor at Laval city hall, candidate Claire Le Bel went public on Radio Canada with a recording alleged to be that of Gilles Vaillancourt offering to fund her campaign with cash from questionable donors.	Gilles Vaillancourt	Canada
country of citizenship	Kai Jahnsson (Born January 25, 1965 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish sport shooter who competes in the men's 10 metre air pistol.	Kai Jahnsson	Finland
country of citizenship	Sergio Esquenazi (Buenos Aires, Argentina, 27 October 1974) is an Argentine filmmaker.	Sergio Esquenazi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jean Piero Pérez (born 7 March 1981 in San Felix, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan professional boxer in the flyweight division and is the current interim World Boxing Association flyweight champion.	Jean Piero Pérez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Toos van Holstein (Eindhoven, the Netherlands, 1949) is a Dutch painter with an expressionistic, figurative style.	Toos van Holstein	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Alfred Erskine Marling was born on October 5, 1858 in Toronto, Canada to Reverend Francis Henry Marling and Marina Catherine MacDonald.	Alfred Erskine Marling	Canada
country of citizenship	Katay Don Sasorith (July 12, 1904 -- December 29, 1959) was a Laos nationalist, politician, author, and prime minister of Laos (1954--1956).	Katay Don Sasorith	Laos
country of citizenship	Sebastián Caicedo (Born as Juan Sebastián Caicedo Londoño on November 12, 1981 in Cali, Colombia), is a Colombian television actor.	Sebastián Caicedo	Colombia
country of citizenship	Janos Prohaska (October 10, 1919, Budapest, Hungary -- March 13, 1974, Inyo County, California, United States) was a U.S.-based Hungarian actor and stunt performer on American television from the 1960s.	Janos Prohaska	Hungary
country of citizenship	Federico Capasso (born 1949, Rome, Italy), a prominent applied physicist, was one of the inventors of the quantum cascade laser during his work at Bell Laboratories.	Federico Capasso	Italy
country of citizenship	Marina Khalturina (born June 17, 1974 in Sverdlovsk, Sverdlovsk Oblast) is a figure skater who represented Kazakhstan in international competition as a pair skater and a single skater.	Marina Khalturina	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Raymond Ranjeva (born August 31, 1942 in Antananarivo, Madagascar), served as a judge on the International Court of Justice from February, 1991 until February, 2009.	Raymond Ranjeva	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Helgi Þór Arason (born December 12, 1986 in Reykjavík, Iceland), rose to popularity after competing in Idol Stjörnuleit 2, the Icelandic version of Pop Idol.	Helgi Þór Arason	Iceland
country of citizenship	Erlendur Haraldsson (born 1931) is a professor emeritus of psychology on the faculty of social science at the University of Iceland.	Erlendur Haraldsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Dominique Tricaud (born, 1955 in Paris, France) is a lawyer whose fame in the United States derives from his being the defense attorney in Paris, France, of Ira Einhorn, the famous environmentalist, convicted in absentia of murder.	Dominique Tricaud	France
country of citizenship	Dallas Walker Smythe (March 9, 1907, in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada -- September 6, 1992, in Langley, British Columbia) was a political activist and researcher who contributed to a political economy of communications.	Dallas Walker Smythe	Canada
country of citizenship	Darío Jara Saguier (born 27 January 1930 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former football striker and coach.	Darío Jara Saguier	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Sarah Louise Mathew (1805? - 14 December 1890) was a New Zealand diarist.	Sarah Louise Mathew	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Chanidapa Pongsilpipat, (Thai: ชนิดาภา พงศ์ศิลป์พิพัฒน์; rtgs: Chanidapha Phongsinphiphat; born July 15, 1988) in Thailand, is a Thai actress, model and presenter.	Chanidapa Pongsilpipat	Thailand
country of citizenship	Masabata Klaas (alternatively Mazabatha Klaas, born 3 February 1991) is an international cricketer who has made four One Day International appearance and six Twenty20 International appearances for South Africa national women's cricket team since her debut in 2010.	Masabata Klaas	South Africa
country of citizenship	Megan Gay (born 1967) is an actress from New Zealand.	Megan Gay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Willibald Jentschke (Vienna, Austria-Hungary, 6 December 1911 -- Göttingen, Germany, 11 March 2002) was an Austrian-German experimental nuclear physicist.	Willibald Jentschke	Austria
country of citizenship	Amanda Downum was born on 15 July 1979 into a middle-class family in Virginia Beach, Virginia, in the United States of America.	Amanda Downum	United States of America
country of citizenship	Nicanor Molinas was born in Corrientes, Argentina in August 1823, the son of a Spanish immigrant.	Nicanor Molinas	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kwabena Agyapong was born on 6 March 1962, in Kumasi, Capital of the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	Kwabena Agyapong	Ghana
country of citizenship	Giusep Nay (born August 9, 1942 in Trun, Grisons) was the president of the Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland for the years 2005 and 2006.	Giusep Nay	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Sheikh Noah Qudah (1939 -- 19 December 2010) was a Jordanian Muslim scholar and the Grand Mufti of Jordan from 2007 to 2010.	Noah Qudah	Jordan
country of citizenship	Fabio Bencivenga (born January 20, 1976 in Capua) is a retired water polo player from Italy, who represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Mars, Sol).	Fabio Bencivenga	Italy
country of citizenship	Dimitar Lukanov (Bulgarian: Димитър Луканов, born February 23, 1969, Plovdiv, Bulgaria) is internationally renowned Bulgarian-American artist.	Dimitar Lukanov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Patrick Burrows (born on November 5, 1959 in Barrie, Ontario) is a former field hockey defender from Canada.	Patrick Burrows	Canada
country of citizenship	Rudy Pérez was born in May 17, 1958, in Pinar del Río, Cuba, to a Baptist parents (his grandfather was a Baptist minister).	Rudy Pérez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Sławomir Łosowski (born 31 August 1951 in Gdańsk) is a synthesizer player from Poland.	Sławomir Łosowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Fatima Houda-Pepin (born December 26, 1951) was a Quebec politician and a member of the National Assembly of Quebec, Canada.	Fatima Houda-Pepin	Canada
country of citizenship	Lars Larsen Forsæth was born at Forset, a family farm at Klæbu in Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.	Lars Larsen Forsæth	Norway
country of citizenship	Ivan Bosiljčić (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Босиљчић, pronounced (ǐʋan bɔ̌siːʎt͡ʃit͡ɕ)) (born 15 January 1979 in Titovo Užice, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian actor.	Ivan Bosiljčić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Chief Ikeje Asogwa is a distinguished political administrator and a key player in Nigeria's democracy and Enugu State politics in particular.	Ikeje Asogwa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Tadeja Ternar (born 1987 in Beltinci, Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian beauty pageant contestant who represented Slovenia at the Miss World 2007 competition in China.	Tadeja Ternar	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Simon Gronowski (born October 12, 1931) is a Doctor of Law, from the Université libre de Bruxelles, a jazz pianist, and the president of the Union of Jewish deportees in Belgium.	Simon Gronowski	Belgium
country of citizenship	Cliff Richards (born 1964, in Belo Horizonte, Brazil) is a comic book artist.	Cliff Richards	Brazil
country of citizenship	After signing a management contract with producer Hadii Sharara and moving from Australia to Lebanon at 19 years old', Richii released his first single ``Dayeb Wehyatik'' with an accompanying music video.	Richii	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Miguel Ángel Rubiano Chávez (born 3 October 1984) is a Colombian professional road bicycle racer who is currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team Colombia.	Miguel Ángel Rubiano	Colombia
country of citizenship	Richard Nduhura, sometimes spelled Richard Nduhuura, is a Ugandan politician, diplomat and veterinarian who currently serves as Uganda's Permanent Representative to the United Nations.	Richard Nduhura	Uganda
country of citizenship	Robert Homburg, senior (10 March 1848 -- 23 March 1912) was a politician and judge in colonial South Australia.	Robert Homburg	Australia
country of citizenship	Sai Min Tun (Burmese: စိုင်းမင်းထွန်း; born 7 July1994) is a footballer from Burma, and a striker for the Myanmar national football team.	Sai Min Tun	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Rosângela Conceição is a wrestler from Brazil.	Rosângela Conceição	Brazil
country of citizenship	Markus Krunegård (born 6 April 1979 in Norrköping, Östergötland, Sweden) is a Swedish-Finnish singer and songwriter.	Markus Krunegård	Sweden
country of citizenship	Tevita Li (born 23 March 1995) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who currently plays as a winger for North Harbour in the ITM Cup.	Tevita Li	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pablo Carreno is an Expressionist artist who was born in 1941 and raised in Havana, Cuba.	Pablo Carreno	Cuba
country of citizenship	Katie Gaynor (born 30 August 1977 in Sydney) is a utility player for the Australia women's national baseball team.	Katie Gaynor	Australia
country of citizenship	Santa Bahadur Rai(सन्त बहादुर राई: Lohorung, November 2, 1936) is former chairman of National planning commission and secretary of Ministry of Housing and physical planning of the government of Nepal.	Santa Bahadur Rai	Nepal
country of citizenship	Kamran Khavarani (born 1941 in Tehran, Iran) is a painter and architect currently residing in Los Angeles, California.	Kamran Khavarani	Iran
country of citizenship	After the loss of his army, Ciriaco del Llano returned to Spain.	Ciriaco del Llano	Spain
country of citizenship	Iqbal Ahmed Saradgi (born 5 June 1944) was the member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Iqbal Ahmed Saradgi	India
country of citizenship	Antanum or Antanom (full name Ontoros Antanom) (1885-1915) was a famous and influential Murut warrior from North Borneo (now Sabah), Malaysia who according to local oral history claimed to have supernatural powers.	Antanum	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Kane Brigg is Australia's greatest all-round jumper as at the end of 2013.	Kane Brigg	Australia
country of citizenship	Gérard Théodore (November 28, 1920 -- June 10, 2012) was a French Compagnon de la Libération, having received the Ordre de la Libération for his role in the Liberation of France during World War II. Théodore was born in Paris on November 28, 1920.	Gérard Théodore	France
country of citizenship	Joseph Ayo Babalola (25 April 1904 -- 26 July 1959) was the founder of the Christ Apostolic Church, popularly called Aladura in Nigeria.	Joseph Ayo Babalola	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Gabriel Torrelles is an author, filmmaker and Internet entrepreneur from Caracas, Venezuela.	Gabriel Torrelles	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Tadeusz Kruszelnicki (born August 19, 1955 in Gliwice) is a professional wheelchair tennis player from Poland.	Tadeusz Kruszelnicki	Poland
country of citizenship	Artur Kuko (born 16 April 1962) is an Albanian diplomat and former Permanent Representative to NATO of Albania.	Artur Kuko	Albania
country of citizenship	Oleksandr Petriv (Ukrainian: Олександр Петрів) (born 5 August 1974) is an Olympic shooter from Ukraine.	Oleksandr Petriv	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Pierre-Charles Le Sueur (c. 1657, Artois, France -- 17 July 1704, Havana, Cuba) was a French fur trader and explorer in North America, recognized as the first known European to explore the Minnesota River valley.	Pierre-Charles Le Sueur	France
country of citizenship	Laisha Wilkins (born Laisha Wilkins Pérez on May 18, 1976 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, talk show hostess and producer.	Laisha Wilkins	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lêdo Ivo was born in 1924 in Maceió, capital of Alagoas state in northeastern Brazil.	Lêdo Ivo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Roger Abrantes (1951 in Portugal) is a Portuguese author on the behaviors of animals, with a PhD in Evolutionary Biology and Ethology, and a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy.	Roger Abrantes	Portugal
country of citizenship	Johanna Raunio (born 5 November 1954 in Turku) is a Finnish actress and beauty pageant titleholder who was chosen Miss Finland in 1974.	Johanna Raunio	Finland
country of citizenship	Astolfo José Romero Chacín (February 8, 1950, Maracaibo, Venezuela - May 20, 2000), also known as ``Astolfo Romero'' and ``El Parroquiano'', was Venezuelan folkloric musician and composer.	Astolfo Romero	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Dragan Paljić (born on 8 April 1983 in Starnberg, West Germany) is a German footballer of Bosnian Serb descent who plays as a left back or left winger for Perth Glory FC in the Australian A-League.	Dragan Paljić	Germany
country of citizenship	Palden Gyatso (born 1933 in Panam, Tibet) is a Tibetan Buddhist monk who was born in Tibet in 1933.	Palden Gyatso	Tibet
country of citizenship	Areti Ketime (Greek: Αρετή Κετιμέ) (Athens July 26, 1989) is a singer and santoor player from Greece.	Areti Ketime	Greece
country of citizenship	Karen Homayounfar (born 1348 in Tehran), Iran songwriter.	Karen Homayounfar	Iran
country of citizenship	Saimir Tahiri is the Minister of Interior Affairs of Albania in the Rama Government of Prime Minister Edi Rama since 2013.	Saimir Tahiri	Albania
country of citizenship	James Edward Fulton (11 December 1854--6 December 1928) was a New Zealand surveyor and civil engineer.	James Edward Fulton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Igors Kazanovs (Russian: Игорь Яковлевич Казанов; born September 24, 1963 in Daugavpils) is a retired athlete who represented the USSR and later Latvia.	Igors Kazanovs	Latvia
country of citizenship	Born in Trujillo, Spain, Gonzalo Pizarro accompanied his eldest brother, Francisco Pizarro, in his third expedition for the conquest of Peru in 1530.	Gonzalo Pizarro	Spain
country of citizenship	Justinian Tamusuza (b. Kibisi, Uganda, 1951) is a Ugandan composer of contemporary classical music.	Justinian Tamusuza	Uganda
country of citizenship	Salama al-Khufaji was a member of the Interim Iraq Governing Council, created following the United States's 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Salama al-Khufaji	Iraq
country of citizenship	Tal Banin (born March 7, 1971 in Kiryat Haim, Haifa, Israel) is a retired football player and manager.	Tal Banin	Israel
country of citizenship	Frédéric Bey, born 20 April 1961 at Issy-les-Moulineaux in France, is a designer of wargames and the author of books and articles on the subject of military history.	Frédéric Bey	France
country of citizenship	Barbara Lynne Pillay, known as Lynne Pillay (born 14 August 1950) is a New Zealand politician, and member of the Labour Party.	Lynne Pillay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Oswald Curtis (1821--1902) was a 19th-century New Zealand politician born in London, England, on 20 January 1821.	Oswald Curtis	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Phillip Shead is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally for Paris Saint-Germain and represented France.	Phillip Shead	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Martha Vanessa Antonio del Moral, better known by her screen name Vaness del Moral (born on May 23, 1988 in Baguio City, Benguet, Philippines), is a Filipina actress and a talent at one of the top management groups in the Philippines, the GMA Artist Center.	Vaness del Moral	Philippines
country of citizenship	Franz Hein was born in Grötzingen (Baden), Germany.	Franz Hein	Germany
country of citizenship	Vishnu Dayal Ram is a former Director General Police of Jharkhand state in India.	Vishnu Dayal Ram	India
country of citizenship	After an apprenticeship, Marina Berlusconi worked in several positions in the media business in Italy.	Marina Berlusconi	Italy
country of citizenship	George Sleeman (August 1, 1841 -- December 16, 1926) was a brewer, sports executive and politician in Ontario, Canada.	George Sleeman	Canada
country of citizenship	Cicely Margaret Escott (9 July 1908 -- 15 August 1977) was a New Zealand novelist, drama teacher and poet.	Cicely Margaret Escott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thé Tjong-Khing (born August 4, 1933) is a children's book illustrator based in the Netherlands.	Thé Tjong-Khing	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sombala Kumar is a leading Dhrupad vocalist of India.	Sombala Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Peter Bree (Driebergen-Rijsenburg, the Netherlands, 23 September 1949) is a Dutch oboist and radio presenter.	Peter Bree	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Bro'Sis: whose first album Never Forget (Where You Come From), where Christoph Brüx took part in, has been released to the public in January 2002, scored in Germany platinum.	Christoph Brüx	Germany
country of citizenship	Brian Joo (Hangul: 브라이언 주; born January 10, 1981), better known as simply Brian, is an American R&B and K-pop recording artist who is based in the United States and South Korea.	Brian Joo	South Korea
country of citizenship	Carlos Alonso (born Tunuyán, Mendoza, Argentina, 4 February 1929), is a contemporary Argentine painter, draftsman and printmaker.	Carlos Alonso	Argentina
country of citizenship	Wunna Kyawhtin Htay Myint (Burmese: ဌေးမြင့်) is the chairman of the Yuzana Company, a major conglomerate in Myanmar (Burma) and was a member of parliament in the country's national lower house, the Pyithu Hluttaw.	Htay Myint	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Jusuf Antono Djojo or Ian Antono (born October 29, 1950 in Malang, Indonesia) is an Indonesian guitarist and songwriter.	Ian Antono	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Reynaldo Armas, born in Los Guatacaros, Santa María de Ipire, Guárico State, Venezuela, August 4, 1953, is a Venezuelan llanero singer and composer.	Reynaldo Armas	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Ali Abdullah Al-Daffa (Arabic: علي بن عبدالله الدفـّاع‎) was born in 1938 (1358 H) at Unaizah (Al Gassim, Saudi Arabia).	Ali Abdullah Al-Daffa	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Rajani Venugopal (Telugu: ರಜನಿ ವೇಣುಗೋಪಾಲ್; born 28 May 1969, in Hyderabad, India) is a former Test and One Day International (ODI) cricketer who represented the India national women's cricket team.	Rajani Venugopal	India
country of citizenship	Christine Jeffs (born January 29, 1963) is a New Zealand-born director, editor and screenwriter known for directing the New Zealand film Rain (2001), the British motion picture Sylvia (2003), and the American independent film Sunshine Cleaning (2009).	Christine Jeffs	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peter Frohmader was born May 9, 1958 in Munich, Germany and began listening to electronic music such as Tangerine Dream and Ash Ra Tempel when he was twelve years old.	Peter Frohmader	Germany
country of citizenship	Born in Madrid, Spain, into a family of musicians, Rodolfo Halffter was the brother of Ernesto Halffter and uncle of Cristóbal Halffter, also composers.	Rodolfo Halffter	Spain
country of citizenship	Christopher Paul MacDonald, MBE (born 8 January 1960), is a New Zealand sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.	Paul MacDonald	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Radim Běleš is a Paralympic athlete from the Czech Republic competing mainly in category F51 club throwing and discus events.	Radim Běleš	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	William Stafford Anderson (born February 16, 1889) was a lumberman and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	William Stafford Anderson	Canada
country of citizenship	Rawat Tana (born 5 May 1977) is a wheelchair racer from Thailand who is a gold medalist at both the Summer Paralympic and World Championships.	Rawat Tana	Thailand
country of citizenship	Hasina Miya (Nepali: हसिना मिया) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).	Hasina Miya	Nepal
country of citizenship	Rafael Zarza Gonzalez (born October 1944 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban artist specializing in painting, engraving, graphic design and illustration.	Rafael Zarza Gonzalez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Bartholda van Swieten (2 April 1566, The Hague -- 15 October 1647, The Hague) was a Dutch noble and diplomat who acted as official mediary between the Netherlands and the Spanish Netherlands from 1615 until 1629.	Bartholda van Swieten	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Billy Rice (born 12 September 1938 in Belfast, Northern Ireland, died 26 June 2008) was a football player who played for Australia in their ill-fated 1966 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.	Billy Rice	Australia
country of citizenship	José María Sánchez Lage, also known as ``Sánchez Lage'', was an Argentine professional footballer who played as a winger for several clubs including River Plate and Club Atlético Banfield in Argentina and Real Oviedo and Valencia C.F. in Spain .	José María Sánchez Lage	Argentina
country of citizenship	Lieutenant Colonel David Cossgrove, (1852--1920) of the New Zealand Army served in the South African War -- also known as the Second Boer War -- with Robert Baden-Powell, founder of Scouts and Guides in the United Kingdom.	David Cossgrove	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ludwig Wilding (19 May 1927 -- 4 January 2010) was a German artist whose work is associated with Op art and Kinetic art. Wilding was born in Grünstadt, Germany.	Ludwig Wilding	Germany
country of citizenship	Mikkel Rønnow (born 1974 in Denmark) is Musical Director, Musical Theatre Performance Coach and Theatrical Producer.	Mikkel Rønnow	Denmark
country of citizenship	Melissa Ingram (born 24 June 1985 in Henderson, New Zealand) is a retired New Zealand swimmer.	Melissa Ingram	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mauricio Alejo (born 1969 in Mexico City) is an artist based in New York and Mexico City.	Mauricio Alejo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rudolph Striegler (1816--1876) was one of Denmark's early photographers, specialising in portrait photography.	Rudolph Striegler	Denmark
country of citizenship	Juan Ignacio Acosta Cabrera (born 8 March 1985 in Santa Rosa, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan Naturalized Chilean Association football Forward currently playing for Acassuso of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina.	Juan Ignacio Acosta Cabrera	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Jabłoński (born September 30, 1977 in Gniezno, Poland) is a Polish speedway rider has won European Champion titles and was a member of the Polish national team.	Krzysztof Jabłoński	Poland
country of citizenship	Luciano Marín Arango, aka ``Iván Márquez'' (born 1955 in Florencia, Caquetá) is a Colombian guerrilla leader, member of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), part of its Secretariat higher command and advisor to the Northwestern and Caribbean blocs.	Iván Márquez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Awa Ly (born 4 January 1977 in Paris, France) is a singer and actress of Senegalese origin who lives in Italy.	Awa Ly	France
country of citizenship	Antonio Enrique González-Rodiles Fernández (Antonio Rodiles, born July 21, 1972) is a Cuban political activist who has achieved international visibility for his work as the coordinator of Estado de SATS, a forum which was created in July 2010 to encourage debate on social, cultural and political issues in Cuba.	Antonio Rodiles	Cuba
country of citizenship	Francesca Beard (born 1968 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is a writer and performance poet.	Francesca Beard	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Romana Labounková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈromana ˈlabounkovaː); born April 27, 1989) is a Czech racing cyclist who represents the Czech Republic in BMX.	Romana Labounková	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Arvind Virmani is an Indian economist who was appointed India's representative to the International Monetary Fund in 2009.	Arvind Virmani	India
country of citizenship	Mohammad Ali Bashe Ahangar (Persian: محمدعلی باشه آهنگر‎‎), born on December 8, 1962 in Dezful, Khuzestan, SW Iran, is an Iranian director and screenwriter.	Mohammad Ali Bashe Ahangar	Iran
country of citizenship	Eileen Roca Torralvo (born September 26, 1986 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a former Miss Colombia.	Eileen Roca	Colombia
country of citizenship	Frank Tønnesen (born 28 April 1972), better known by his stage name Tønes, is a Norwegian singer, songwriter and guitarist from Sokndal, Norway.	Tønes	Norway
country of citizenship	Magdi Mehanna (born Dakahlia Governorate, Egypt, 1956-2008) was an Egyptian journalist and the founding editor of Al-Masry Al-Youm newspaper, where he authored a column entitled ``In the Forbidden Zone.''	Magdi Mehanna	Egypt
country of citizenship	Fernando Alberto dos Santos Cardinal (born 26 June 1985), known simply as Cardinal, is a Portuguese professional futsal player who plays for Spanish club Inter Movistar and the Portugal national team.	Fernando Alberto dos Santos Cardinal	Portugal
country of citizenship	Zigi received three nominations at the 2012 Ghana Music Awards for 'Best New Artiste of the Year', 'Afro-Pop Song of the Year' and 'Most Popular Song of the Year'.	Zigi	Ghana
country of citizenship	Bernadine Oliver-Kerby (born 14 June 1971) is a New Zealand broadcaster currently presenting the weekend bulletins of ONE News and newsreader for Newstalk ZB's Mike Hosking Breakfast.	Bernadine Oliver-Kerby	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bart Schneemann (Melbourne, 1954) is a Dutch oboist, conductor, teacher and artistic director for the Netherlands Wind Ensemble.	Bart Schneemann	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hubert Lepka (born 1958 in Ried / Innkreis, Austria), choreographer, director.	Hubert Lepka	Austria
country of citizenship	Zamani Lekwot (born 1944) is a retired Nigerian Army Major General who served as the Military Governor of Rivers State, Nigeria from July 1975 until July 1978 during the military administrations of Generals Murtala Muhammed and Olusegun Obasanjo.	Zamani Lekwot	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Amjad Hussain (Urdu: سيد امجد حسين‎‎; 1878--1961), better known by the pen-name Amjad Hyderabadi (امجد حيدرابادى), was an Urdu and Persian Ruba'i poet from Hyderabad, India.	Amjad Hyderabadi	India
country of citizenship	Georg Quistgaard (February 19, 1915 - 20 or 21 May 1944) was one of 102 members of the Danish resistance to the German occupation of Denmark in World War II who were executed following a court-martial.	Georg Quistgaard	Denmark
country of citizenship	Kalle Parviainen (born 3 October 1982 in Kuopio) is a Finnish professional football striker who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side FC Inter in Finland.	Kalle Parviainen	Finland
country of citizenship	Roilo Golez (born January 9, 1947) is a Philippine politician who last served his sixth term as Member of the Philippine House of Representatives representing the Second District of Parañaque City, one of the most industrialized districts of the Philippines.	Roilo Golez	Philippines
country of citizenship	Ridwan Kodiat, born July 11, 1951, the former consecutive national champion of the year 1972 to 1989 and was the first body builder from Indonesia to perform in international body building championship.	Ridwan Kodiat	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Jenny Geddes (c. 1600 -- c. 1660) was a Scottish market-trader in Edinburgh, who is alleged to have thrown her stool at the head of the minister in St Giles' Cathedral in objection to the first public use of the Anglican Book of Common Prayer in Scotland.	Jenny Geddes	Scotland
country of citizenship	Jean-Yves Escoffier (July 12, 1950 -- April 1, 2003), was a French cinematographer who worked with Mehdi Norowzian, Jeanne Moreau for Air France, David Lynch for Nissan Motors, and on music videos, ``Hurt'' (2002) for Johnny Cash and Mark Romanek.	Jean-Yves Escoffier	France
country of citizenship	Marco Montelatici (born August 25, 1953 in Florence) is a former shot putter from Italy.	Marco Montelatici	Italy
country of citizenship	Warren Kiamco is a Filipino professional pool player from Cebu, Philippines.	Warren Kiamco	Philippines
country of citizenship	Pavel Dybenko was born in Lyudkovo village, Novozybkov uyezd, Chernigov guberniya, Imperial Russia (now Novozybkov, Bryansk Oblast, Russia) in a Ukrainian peasant family.	Pavel Dybenko	Russia
country of citizenship	Samuel Jereton Mariere (1907 -- 9 May 1971) was the First Governor of the former Midwest State of Nigeria from Feb 1964 to Jan 1966.	Jereton Mariere	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Maria Nowakowska (born 14 March 1987) is a student from Legnica, Poland who was crowned Miss Polonia 2009.	Maria Nowakowska	Poland
country of citizenship	Dietmar Post (born December 26, 1962 in West Germany) is a film director, producer and owner of a film and music label.	Dietmar Post	Germany
country of citizenship	Ivan Merz promoted the liturgical movement in Croatia and together with Ivo Protulipac created a movement for the young people, ``The Croatian union of the Eagles'' (``Hrvatski orlovski savez)'', inspired by the ``Eucharistic Crusade,'' which he had encountered in France.	Ivan Merz	Croatia
country of citizenship	Paddy Carty (1929 - 1980) was a three-time all-Ireland champion Irish flute player from Loughrea, County Galway.	Paddy Carty	Ireland
country of citizenship	Bruno Giussani (born in Switzerland in 1964) is the European director of TED and the curator and host of TEDGlobal conference and of other TED events.	Bruno Giussani	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Abdul Azeem (born June 10, 1960, Hyderabad, India) is a former cricketer.	Abdul Azeem	India
country of citizenship	Senapathy Gopalakrishnan, popularly known as Kris Gopalakrishnan, is the executive vice chairman (former co-chairman) of Infosys, a global consulting and IT services company based in India.	Kris Gopalakrishnan	India
country of citizenship	Giniel de Villiers (born 25 March 1972 in Barrydale, South Africa) is a South African racing and rally driver, best known for winning the 2009 Dakar Rally.	Giniel de Villiers	South Africa
country of citizenship	Amado Aguirre Santiago (b. San Sebastián, Jalisco, February 3 or 8, 1863 -- Mexico City, August 22, 1949) was a Mexican general and politician.	Amado Aguirre Santiago	Mexico
country of citizenship	David Keddie (1945--2011) was a football (soccer) player who represented Australia twice in B internationals.	David Keddie	Australia
country of citizenship	Baik Bong wrote the official biography of Kim Il-sung published in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), also known as North Korea.	Baik Bong	North Korea
country of citizenship	Cleto Bellucci was born in Ancona, Italy and ordained a priest on January 27, 1946.	Cleto Bellucci	Italy
country of citizenship	Herewini Rangi is a New Zealand rugby league coach and former player who played one match in the National Rugby League.	Herewini Rangi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Olukayode Ariwoola is a Nigerian jurist and Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria.	Olukayode Ariwoola	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Hacène Lalmas (Arabic: حسان لالماس‎) (born March 12, 1943 in Algiers, Algeria) is a former Algerian football player.	Hacène Lalmas	Algeria
country of citizenship	Dieter Quester (born May 30, 1939 in Vienna) is an active touring car racing driver from Austria.	Dieter Quester	Austria
country of citizenship	Petar Živković (Cyrillic script: Петар Живковић; 1 January 1879 -- 3 February 1947) was a Serbian soldier and political figure in Yugoslavia.	Petar Živković	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Miss Davis (c.1726 -- after 1755) was an Irish singer, musician and composer, born in Dublin, Ireland.	Miss Davis	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mohammad Shams Langeroodi (Persian: شمس لنگرودی‎) (born November 17, 1950 in Langerood, Iran) is a contemporary Iranian poet, author and university lecturer.	Shams Langeroodi	Iran
country of citizenship	Neta Doris Neale (1904--1988) was a New Zealand theatre director and speech and drama teacher.	Neta Doris Neale	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tony Kuepfer (born 1947 in Portland, Oregon) is an American-New Zealand glass artist.	Tony Kuepfer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mambillikalathil Govind Kumar Menon, FRS (born 28 August 1928), also known as M. G. K. Menon, is a physicist and policy maker from India.	M. G. K. Menon	India
country of citizenship	After the war, his diaries and flying logs were compiled into a book by Andre Dezarrois which was published in France in 1949 as ``Les carnets de René Mouchotte, 1940-1943'' and later as ``Mes carnets : juin 1940-août 1943''.	René Mouchotte	France
country of citizenship	Volker Spengler (born 1939, Bremen, Germany) is a German actor who was one of Rainer Werner Fassbinder's key collaborators.	Volker Spengler	Germany
country of citizenship	Áine Minogue (born 27 May 1977) is a harpist born in Borrisokane, County Tipperary, Ireland, now living in New England in the U.S.A. She plays the Irish harp and sings.	Áine Minogue	Ireland
country of citizenship	Sujata Sridhar (Tamil: சுஜாதா ஸ்ரீதர் ; b. 25 December 1961) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Sujata Sridhar	India
country of citizenship	Margaret McKenzie (c.1839 -- 13 February 1925) was a New Zealand homemaker.	Margaret McKenzie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Silvio Nicoladelli, known as Sílvio Criciúma (born September 7, 1971 in Orleans, Santa Catarina, Brazil), is a Brazilian football (soccer) manager.	Sílvio Criciúma	Brazil
country of citizenship	Shahin Najafi (Persian: شاهین نجفی) (born in 1980 in Bandar-e Anzali, Gilan, Iran) is an Iranian musician, singer and songwriter currently residing in Germany.	Shahin Najafi	Iran
country of citizenship	August Nybergh (August 20, 1851 in Heinola -- December 5, 1920 in Helsinki) was a Finnish jurist, senator in the Grand Duchy of Finland, Member of Parliament and the first president of the Supreme Court of Finland.	August Nybergh	Finland
country of citizenship	Roberto Abenia Uliaque (born November 8, 1972 in Zaragoza) is a goalball athlete from Spain.	Roberto Abenia	Spain
country of citizenship	Jean-Bertrand Aristide (born 15 July 1953) is a Haitian politician who became Haiti's first democratically elected president.	Jean-Bertrand Aristide	Haiti
country of citizenship	Julio Breff (born Julio Breff y Guilarte December 8, 1958 in Los Cacaos, Sagua de Tánamo, Cuba) is a self-taught Cuban painter.	Julio Breff	Cuba
country of citizenship	Paul Bourget was born in Amiens in the Somme département of Picardy, France.	Paul Bourget	France
country of citizenship	Emiliano Sciarra (born December 6, 1971 in Civitavecchia, Rome, Italy) is a game designer of board games, card games and videogames.	Emiliano Sciarra	Italy
country of citizenship	Felicity Dowker is a speculative fiction writer from Victoria, Australia.	Felicity Dowker	Australia
country of citizenship	Childéric Muller (born 3 April 1963 in Marseille, France) is a former French television host and pop star.	Childéric Muller	France
country of citizenship	Guido Kratschmer (born 10 January 1953 in Klotzenhof, Germany) is a retired West German decathlete.	Guido Kratschmer	Germany
country of citizenship	Lorne Taylor (born 1944) is a former tenured professor and member of the provincial legislature of Alberta, Canada.	Lorne Taylor	Canada
country of citizenship	Seksan Chaothonglang (Thai: เสกสันต์ ชาวทองหลาง, born 10 September 1983) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Seksan Chaothonglang	Thailand
country of citizenship	After a tour in France, Eilera ended her collaboration with Loïc Tézénas and she moved to Finland permanently, in order to write the next chapter of her story.	Eilera	France
country of citizenship	Denny Sumargo is a basketball player for Indonesia's basketball national team.	Denny Sumargo	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Izaak van den Blocke or Isaak van den Blocke (1574, Mechelen or Königsberg - 1626, Danzig) was a painter of Flemish descent who spent his active career in Poland.	Isaak van den Blocke	Poland
country of citizenship	Beatriz Zaneratto João (born 17 December 1993), commonly known as Beatriz or Bia, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Korean WK League club Hyundai Red Angels and the Brazil national team.	Beatriz Zaneratto João	Brazil
country of citizenship	Gabriel Rangel (born August 8, 1987 in Totomoxtla, Puebla, Mexico) is a Mexican boxer in the Featherweight division and his nickname is ``El Cadete''.	Gabriel Rangel	Mexico
country of citizenship	Vasiliev Nini (born 1954 in Gjirokastra, Albania) is an Albanian-born American sculptor who lives in Columbus, Ohio.	Vasiliev Nini	Albania
country of citizenship	Joe Barbieri (born December 14, 1973, Naples, Italy) is a singer, songwriter and producer.	Joe Barbieri	Italy
country of citizenship	Victor Lar is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Plateau South constituency of Plateau State, Nigeria in the April 2011 national elections.	Victor Lar	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ignacio Berroa (born 8 July 1953 in Havana, Cuba) is a jazz drummer.	Ignacio Berroa	Cuba
country of citizenship	Mfuneko Ngam (born 29 January 1979) is a South African cricketer who played three Tests for South Africa in the 2000--01 season.	Mfuneko Ngam	South Africa
country of citizenship	Bharatha Lakshman Premachandra (Sinhala: භාරත ලක්ෂ්මන් ප්‍රේමචන්ද්‍ර) (26 January 1956 -- 8 October 2011) was a Sri Lankan politician a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and Adviser (Trade Unions) to President Mahinda Rajapaksa.	Bharatha Lakshman Premachandra	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Andrés Gutiérrez Vera (born July 8, 1993 in Querétaro, Querétaro, Mexico) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer.	Andrés Gutiérrez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Irene Zazians (Armenian: Իրեն Զազյանց; Persian: ایرن زازیانس‎‎; August 20, 1927 -- July 28, 2012), best known as Iren in Iran, was an Iranian-Armenian actress.	Irene Zazians	Iran
country of citizenship	Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo was born in the Paris, France suburb of Neuilly-sur-Seine.	Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo	France
country of citizenship	Two Centuries Of German-speaking Jews in the United Kingdom edited by Werner E. Mosse, Julius Carlebach, Gerhard Hirschfeld, Aubrey Newman, Arnold Paucker, Peter Pulzer, J.C.B. Mohr, London, 1991.	Julius Carlebach	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ong Hock Thye a Malaysian judge on the Courts of Malaysia.	Ong Hock Thye	Malaysia
country of citizenship	In 1968 Joop ter Heul was the title of a film in the Netherlands based on the Marxveldt character.	Joop ter Heul	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jean-Baptiste Hébert (September 19, 1779 -- June 15, 1863) was a merchant, farmer, master carpenter and political figure in Lower Canada.	Jean-Baptiste Hébert	Canada
country of citizenship	Marcel Boekhoorn (born 30 October 1959, Nijmegen, Netherlands) is a Dutch investor with a wide array of business interests.	Marcel Boekhoorn	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Thiruvizha Jayashankar (born 1940) is an Indian classical musician and a well known Nadaswaram expert in South India.	Thiruvizha Jayashankar	India
country of citizenship	Arko Datta (born 1969) is an award-winning photojournalist from India.	Arko Datta	India
country of citizenship	Patrick Tabeling is a french physicist, microfluidics pioneer in France, professor at the École supérieure de physique et de chimie industrielles de la ville de Paris (ESPCI ParisTech).	Patrick Tabeling	France
country of citizenship	Julij Feldesi was born in Sobrance, in the Ung County of the Kingdom of Hungary (present-day Slovakia).	Julij Feldesi	Hungary
country of citizenship	Phadeppa Dareppa Chaugule (1902 -- 1952) was India's first Olympic marathon runner.	Phadeppa Dareppa Chaugule	India
country of citizenship	Handry Satriago (born in Riau, Pekanbaru on June 13, 1969) is the CEO of General Electric Indonesia .	Handry Satriago	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Robert Atherton Edwin, (16 August 1839 -- 15 July 1911) was a noted meteorologist and weather forecaster who was instrumental in the establishment of the New Zealand Meteorological Office.	Robert Atherton Edwin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rob Meppelink (born 18 January 1966 in Wateringen) is a former amateur football player from Netherlands.	Rob Meppelink	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Charles Losper (born 18 March 1969 in Cape Town) is a darts player from South Africa.	Charles Losper	South Africa
country of citizenship	Beppo Levi was born on May 14, 1875, in Turin, Italy, and he was an older brother of Eugenio Elia Levi.	Beppo Levi	Italy
country of citizenship	Natasha den Ouden (born 1973) is a former cyclist from the Netherlands.	Natasha den Ouden	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Matthew David Lambert (born 6 May 1977), better known by his stage name Suffa, is one of the MCs of the Adelaide, Australia, hip hop group Hilltop Hoods.	Suffa	Australia
country of citizenship	Amado Tame Shear (born April 8, 1927, Mexico City), is a Mexican politician.	Amado Tame Shear	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Quốc Cường (born 1952) is the People's Council Chairman of Bắc Giang Province of Vietnam.	Nguyễn Quốc Cường	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Maria Molteno (Betty) (24 September 1852 -- 25 August 1927), was a prominent early advocate of civil and women's rights in South Africa.	Elizabeth Maria Molteno	South Africa
country of citizenship	Percy Reginald Dix (17 November 1866--13 March 1917) was a New Zealand tea merchant and vaudeville company manager.	Percy Reginald Dix	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Imtiaz Bhatti born (18 April 1933) in Gujrat, British India is a cyclist and a former Air Force pilot of Pakistan.	Imtiaz Bhatti	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Adam Piłsudski (1869-1935) was a member of the Senate of Poland, vice president of Wilno, brother of the famous Józef Piłsudski.	Adam Piłsudski	Poland
country of citizenship	Raimundo Pereira (born 1956) is a Guinea-Bissauan lawyer and politician who was interim President of Guinea-Bissau from 3 March 2009 to 8 September 2009 and again in 2012, following the departure of President Malam Bacai Sanhá for medical treatment abroad; he continued in that capacity after Sanha's death.	Raimundo Pereira	Guinea-Bissau
country of citizenship	Jaya Indravarman IV was the king of Champa, a former region located within modern-day Vietnam, from 1167--1192.	Jaya Indravarman IV	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Jahongir Ergashev (born 6 March 1994) is a Tajik footballer who plays as a striker for FK Khujand, on loan from FC Istiklol, and the Tajikistan national team	Jahongir Ergashev	Tajikistan
country of citizenship	Nujood Ali (نجود علي) (born 1998) is a central figure in Yemen's movement against forced marriage and child marriage.	Nujood Ali	Yemen
country of citizenship	Rody Mirri (born 15 December 1952 in Trento, Italy) is a business manager, author, and TV producer.	Rody Mirri	Italy
country of citizenship	Vangjush Dako is the current mayor of the city of Durrës, Albania.	Vangjush Dako	Albania
country of citizenship	Anthony Neuberger is an academic in the United Kingdom, currently Professor of Finance at the University of Warwick.	Anthony Neuberger	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Piotr Gajewski, a native of Poland, is the founder, artistic director and conductor of the National Philharmonic Orchestra of Washington, D.C., United States, currently in residence at the Music Center at Strathmore in Rockville, Maryland.	Piotr Gajewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Leandro Machado (born March 22, 1976, in Santo Amaro da Imperatriz, Santa Catarina, Brazil), is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a striker.	Leandro Machado	Brazil
country of citizenship	Pierre-Félix Lagrange was born on January 22, 1857 in Soumensac, département lot-et-Garonne, France.	Pierre-Félix Lagrange	France
country of citizenship	Cora Mildred Maris Clark (3 March 1885 -- 30 June 1967) was a New Zealand hockey player and administrator, nurse.	Cora Mildred Maris Clark	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Andrei Boncea (born February 6, 1972 in Suici, Argeş, Romania) is a Romanian film producer, and since 1998 General Director of MediaPro Pictures, one of the leading film and television studios in Eastern Europe.	Andrei Boncea	Romania
country of citizenship	Fatih Akyel (born 26 December 1977 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish football manager and former international footballer, who currently works as manager for Gümüşhanespor.	Fatih Akyel	Turkey
country of citizenship	Grégoire Puel (born 20 February 1992 in Nice, France) is a French footballer who currently plays for French Le Havre AC. He plays as right back.	Grégoire Puel	France
country of citizenship	Abdul Karim al-Anizi is an Iraqi politician and a member of the National Assembly of Iraq, representing Islamic Dawa Party - Iraq Organisation, the fifth largest party within the ruling United Iraqi Alliance coalition.	Abdul Karim al-Anizi	Iraq
country of citizenship	Gerard Salonga (born October 11, 1973) is a conductor, musical arranger, orchestrator and musical director from the Philippines.	Gerard Salonga	Philippines
country of citizenship	Dhanushka Jayakody (born July 18, 1981 in Colombo, Sri Lanka) is one of the most prominent business consultants to emerge from Sri Lanka.	Dhanushka Jayakody	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Betong Sumaya (born John Martin G. Sumaya Jr) is a journalist,director, TV host, actor & comedian in the Philippines.	Betong Sumaya	Philippines
country of citizenship	Bernard Courtois, also spelled Barnard Courtois, (12 February 1777--27 September 1838) was a French chemist born in Dijon, France.	Bernard Courtois	France
country of citizenship	Alv Knutsson held over 276 farms in east and south Norway.	Alv Knutsson	Norway
country of citizenship	Dianne Macaskill was the Chief Executive and Chief Archivist of Archives New Zealand.	Dianne Macaskill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rhea Santos-de Guzman (born June 1, 1979) is a broadcast journalist, Host and newscaster in the Philippines.	Rhea Santos	Philippines
country of citizenship	One of the greatest ever strikers in the League of Ireland Mick Leech made 6 appearances in European competition for the Hoops.	Mick Leech	Ireland
country of citizenship	Gert Vande Broek (born 28 February 1967) is a Belgian volleyball coach He is the coach of the Belgium women's national volleyball team that competed at the 2015 Women's European Volleyball Championship.	Gert Vande Broek	Belgium
country of citizenship	George Frederic Allen (15 February 1837--28 February 1929) was a New Zealand architect, surveyor, teacher and tourist guide.	George Frederic Allen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bernd Hüttemann (born December 8, 1970 in Paderborn) is Vice President of the European Movement International and Secretary General of the European Movement Germany.	Bernd Hüttemann	Germany
country of citizenship	Ahmadreza Ahmadi (Persian: احمدرضا احمدی) is an Iranian poet and screenwriter.The history of Persian modern poetry calls him the founder of New Wave Poetry in Iran.	Ahmadreza Ahmadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Celestina Popa-Toma (born 12 July 1970 in Ploieşti, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast, who competed in international events between 1985 and 1988.	Celestina Popa	Romania
country of citizenship	Jeganathan, also known as Jegan, (born on 28 October 1956 in Thondaimanaru) was one of the members of former Tamil militant organization TELO from Sri Lanka.	Jeganathan	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Lugaid Riab nDerg (``the red-striped'') or Réoderg (``Red Sky''), son of the three findemna, triplet sons of Eochu Feidlech, and their sister Clothru was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, a High King of Ireland.	Lugaid Riab nDerg	Ireland
country of citizenship	Lalit Narayan Mishra (2 February 1923 -- 3 January 1975) was Minister of Railways in the government of India from 1973 to 1975.	Lalit Narayan Mishra	India
country of citizenship	Adel Aljabrin (Arabic: عادل الجبرين; born 5 January 1968) is an archer from the Saudi Arabia.	Adel Aljabrin	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Woldai Futur (alt. Wolday) is the first Minister of National Development of Eritrea.	Woldai Futur	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Carlos Athié (born Carlos Harfuch Álvarez; on February 27, 1987 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actor, model and TV presenter.	Carlos Athié	Mexico
country of citizenship	Luciano da Fontoura Costa (born December 1962 in São Carlos, SP, Brazil) is a full professor at the Institute of Physics at São Carlos, University of São Paulo, where he coordinates the Multidisciplinary Computing Group.	Luciano da Fontoura Costa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Arnfinn Bergmann (14 October 1928 -- 13 February 2011) was a ski jumper from Norway.	Arnfinn Bergmann	Norway
country of citizenship	Tivadar Farkasházy (nickname ``Teddy'') (born December 15, 1945 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian humorist, author, and journalist.	Tivadar Farkasházy	Hungary
country of citizenship	Cleavon Frendo (born 1 July 1985 in Pietà, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Sliema Wanderers, where he plays as a winger.	Cleavon Frendo	Malta
country of citizenship	H. Dada Rosada (alternatively Kang Dada), is the former mayor of Bandung City, West Java, Indonesia.	Dada Rosada	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Anne Mather is the pseudonym used by Mildred Grieveson (born 10 October 1946 in England, United Kingdom), a popular British author of over 160 romance novels.	Anne Mather	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ibrahim Alma (Arabic: ابراهيم عالمة ‎) (born 18 October 1991 in Homs, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Ibrahim Alma	Syria
country of citizenship	Ajit Prasad Jain (1902--1977) was a former President of the U. P. Congress Committee, member of the Constituent Assembly, Union minister and Governor of Kerala from Saharanpur, in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Ajit Prasad Jain	India
country of citizenship	Second Lieutenant Arun Khetarpal, PVC (14 October 1950 -- 16 December 1971) born in Pune, Maharashtra, was an officer of the Indian Army and a posthumous recipient of the Param Vir Chakra, India's highest military decoration for valour in face of the enemy.	Arun Khetarpal	India
country of citizenship	Te Hata Tipoki (1880--1940) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and land rights activist.	Te Hata Tipoki	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Born in the neighboring West African country of Senegal, Abdul Injai initially came to notice while assisting in the punitive military missions of Portuguese colonialists Oliveira Musanty and Teixeira Pinto, from 1905 to 1915.	Abdul Injai	Senegal
country of citizenship	Sriarpha Ruennak (Thai: ศรีอาภา เรือนนาค; rtgs: Si-a-pha Rueannak) is a Thai voice actress affiliated with Modernine TV, Rose Media and Entertainment and many other company of Thailand.	Sriarpha Ruennak	Thailand
country of citizenship	Mohammed Abdullah Azam is a citizen of the United Kingdom who was charged under its counter-terrorism laws in 2002, and convicted in 2003.	Mohammed Abdullah Azam	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Patrick Purcell (May 1, 1833 -- May 1, 1891) was a railway contractor and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	Patrick Purcell	Canada
country of citizenship	Christian Sivebæk (born 19 February 1988) is a Danish professional footballer who currently plays for Vejle BK, on loan from Viborg FF. He is son of the former Denmark international, John Sivebæk.	Christian Sivebæk	Denmark
country of citizenship	Anak Agung Gde Sobrat (1912--1992) was a painter in Indonesia.	Anak Agung Gde Sobrat	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Kaoklai Kaennorsing was born as Athit DamKam in the heart of the Northeastern Thailand, in the city of Khon Kaen.	Kaoklai Kaennorsing	Thailand
country of citizenship	Akhtar Jamal (Urdu: اختر جمال‎), is the founder and editor-in-chief of Pakistan Press Agency(PPA) and Tele-Visual Infolink.	Akhtar Jamal	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Mwandawiro Mghanga is a Kenyan politician, who serves as Chairperson of the Social Democratic Party of Kenya.	Mwandawiro Mghanga	Kenya
country of citizenship	Johann Mühlegg (born 8 November 1970 in Ostallgäu, Germany) is a former top level cross-country skier who competed in international competitions first representing Germany and then Spain, after becoming a Spanish citizen in 1999.	Johann Mühlegg	Germany	Spain
country of citizenship	Bernard Bernard (21 July 1821 in Mogues, France -- 1895) was a French Catholic priest and missionary in Norway, Iceland and Scotland.	Bernard Bernard	France
country of citizenship	Nikolaus Hofreiter (born 8 May 1904 in Linz, Upper Austria, Austria; died 23 January 1990) was an Austrian mathematician who worked mainly in number theory.	Nikolaus Hofreiter	Austria
country of citizenship	Marek Tomana (born 23 September 1979 in Slovakia) is a professional footballer who is currently Chief Scout at Stirling Albion Marek Tomana played for Tatran Prešov before signing for Stirling Albion.	Marek Tomana	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Lui Shtini (born 1978, in Kavajë, Albania) is an artist, currently living and working in New York.	Lui Shtini	Albania
country of citizenship	Silvia Sommer was born in Vienna, Austria, and studied piano with Marianne Lauda at the music academy in Vienna.	Silvia Sommer	Austria
country of citizenship	Marco Evaristti (born 1963) is a Chilean artist who has lived in Denmark since the 1980s.	Marco Evaristti	Denmark
country of citizenship	Yon Hyong-muk, also spelt as Yong Hyong-muk (November 3, 1931 -- October 23, 2005) was a longserving politician in North Korea and at the height of his career the most powerful person in that country outside the Kim family.	Yon Hyong-muk	North Korea
country of citizenship	Vuyani Bungu (born 26 February 1967 in Mdantsane, South Africa) was a professional boxer.	Vuyani Bungu	South Africa
country of citizenship	Jean Damphousse (born June 24, 1952 in Saint-Paulin, Quebec) is a politician from Quebec, Canada.	Jean Damphousse	Canada
country of citizenship	Percival Norton Johnson (1792 - 1866) was the founder of Johnson Matthey, the United Kingdom's largest precious metals business.	Percival Norton Johnson	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Nordine Zouareg was born in Algeria to Bedouin parents in the back of a French army truck.	Nordine Zouareg	Algeria
country of origin	Apabad is a 2012 Nepal Drama film directed by Subash Koirala and starring Rajballav Koirala, Nisha Adhikari, Rabi Giri and Bijaya Giri.	Apabad	Nepal
country of origin	Sabich salad (Hebrew:סלט סביח translated: Salat Sabich) is a salad invented in Israel, a rural variation of the Israeli dish Sabich but serves as a salad and not the well known dish within the pita bread.	Sabich salad	Israel
creator	Portrait of an Unknown Woman, also known as The Unknown Woman, An Unknown Lady or Stranger (Russian: Неизвестная, tr. Neizvestnaya) is a painting by the Russian artist Ivan Kramskoi, executed in 1883.	Portrait of an Unknown Woman	Ivan Kramskoi
creator	Rainy Taxi (1938), also known as Mannequin Rotting in a Taxi-Cab, is a three-dimensional artwork created by Salvador Dalí, consisting of an actual automobile with two mannequin occupants.	Rainy Taxi	Salvador Dalí
date of death	Sir John de Soules (or de Soulis or Soules) (died 1310) was Guardian of Scotland from 1301 to 1304, at a crucial period in the Wars of Scottish Independence.	John de Soules	1310
date of death	Col. Harold Arthur Guy OBE (April 1898 -- 1980), was a British Motor car dealer and Liberal Party politician.	Harold Arthur Guy	1980
date of death	Anthony Bottrall (15 May 1938 -- 16 December 2014) was a British diplomat, expert in developmental agriculture and a Liberal Democrat, Lambeth London Borough Council, Stockwell ward politician.	Anthony Bottrall	16 December 2014
date of death	Colonel Albert Brassey (22 February 1844 -- 7 January 1918) was a British rower, soldier and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1895 to 1906.	Albert Brassey	7 January 1918
date of death	Charmian May (16 June 1937 -- 24 October 2002) was an English actress who appeared in The Good Life, Keeping Up Appearances and Bridget Jones's Diary.	Charmian May	24 October 2002
date of death	William Rich Hutton (March 21, 1826 -- December 11, 1901) was a surveyor and artist who became an architect and civil engineer in Maryland and New York in the latter half of the 19th century.	William Rich Hutton	1901
date of death	Ella Freeman Sharpe (1875--1947) was a leading figure in the early development of psychoanalysis in Britain, and was among the most influential of the first British training analysts.	Ella Freeman Sharpe	1947
date of death	Paul of the Cross (3 January 1694 -- 18 October 1775) was an Italian mystic, and founder of the Passionists.	Paul of the Cross	18 October 1775
date of death	Tadhg Ó Caiside, Gaelic-Irish physician and Chief of the Name, died 1450.	Tadhg Ó Caiside	1450
date of death	Sir John de Mowbray, 3rd Duke of Norfolk KG Earl Marshal (12 September 1415 -- 6 November 1461) was an important player in the Wars of the Roses.	John de Mowbray, 3rd Duke of Norfolk	6 November 1461
date of death	Benjamin Lafayette Jefferson (October 26, 1871--1950) in 1913 was United States Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of Nicaragua appointed by Woodrow Wilson.	Benjamin Lafayette Jefferson	1950
date of death	Rudy Lozano (July 17, 1951--June 8, 1983) was an activist and community organizer in Chicago, Illinois.	Rudy Lozano	1983
date of death	Hieronim Ossoliński, (born ? -- died 1575 or 1576), coat of arms Topór, was a Polish statesman, kasztelan of Sandomierz and Wojnicz, a delegate to the Sejm of 1569 and one of the signatories of the Union of Lublin, which formally united Poland and Lithuania into the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Hieronim Ossoliński	1576
date of death	Atalante Migliorotti (Florence, 1466 - 1532) was an Italian Renaissance musician, instrument maker and assistant de Leonardo da Vinci.	Atalante Migliorotti	1532
date of death	Robert Charles Moon (1844--1914) was an ophthalmologist who practiced medicine in England and the United States.	Robert Charles Moon	1914
date of death	Pat O'Loughlin (29 October 1873 -- 14 August 1956) was an Australian rules football player at the Essendon Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Pat O'Loughlin	14 August 1956
date of death	Lucille Kahn (1902--1995) was a successful Broadway stage actress who became notable in the 1950s and 1960s for her advocacy and support for efforts to expand human consciousness.	Lucille Kahn	1995
date of death	Duncan McIvor (11 November 1884 -- 18 November 1930) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Duncan McIvor	18 November 1930
date of death	Marko Gerbec (24 October 1658 -- 9 March 1718; Latinized: Marcus Gerbezius) was a Carniolan physician and scientist, notable as the founder of modern medicine among the Slovenes and for the first description of Adams--	Marko Gerbec	9 March 1718
date of death	Lady Frances Radclyffe (died 1602) was an English noblewoman, who early in the reign of Queen Elizabeth I of England became one of her Maids of Honour.	Lady Frances Radclyffe	1602
date of death	Gérard Bitsindou (15 November 1941 -- 26 August 2012) was a Congolese political figure who was President of the Constitutional Court of Congo-Brazzaville from 2003 to 2012.	Gérard Bitsindou	26 August 2012
date of death	Leopold Greenwald (1888--1955), also known as ``Yekuthiel Yehuda'' Greenwald, was a prominent United States Orthodox rabbi.	Leopold Greenwald	1955
date of death	Chen Daqi (1886--1983), or Ch'en Ta-ch'i, was a polymath, politician and pioneer of modern psychology in China.	Chen Daqi	1983
date of death	Kashibai Kanitkar (Marathi: काशीबाई कानिटकर) (1861--1948) was the first major woman writer in Marathi from Maharashtra, India since the 15th century ``sant'' poet Kanhopatra .	Kashibai Kanitkar	1948
date of death	Harden Dean (13 October 1913 -- 23 August 1982) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harden Dean	23 August 1982
date of death	John Erskine of Dun (1509--1591) was a Scottish religious reformer.	John Erskine of Dun	1591
date of death	Matthew Pilkington (1701--1774) was the author of a standard text on painters, that would become known as Pilkington's Dictionary.	Matthew Pilkington	1774
date of death	Marcus Antonius Antimachus, also written Mark Antony Antimaco or Marcantonio Antimaco (c. 1473 -- 1552), was an Italian who mainly taught and translated Greek.	Marcus Antonius Antimachus	1552
date of death	Ole Dehli (8 May 1851 -- 27 February 1924) was a Norwegian jurist and organizational leader.	Ole Dehli	27 February 1924
date of death	James Chuter Ede, Baron Chuter-Ede CH PC JP DL (11 September 1882 -- 11 November 1965) was a British teacher, trade unionist and Labour politician.	James Chuter Ede	11 November 1965
date of death	John Murray Gibbon (12 April 1875 -- 2 July 1952) was a Scottish Canadian writer and cultural promoter.	John Murray Gibbon	2 July 1952
date of death	Paolo Venini (1895 -- 1959) emerged as one of the leading figures in the production of Murano glass and an important contributor to twentieth-century design.	Paolo Venini	1959
date of death	Sydney Denis Preston (16 November 1916 -- 1979) was a British record producer and music critic.	Denis Preston	1979
date of death	James Burton Robertson (b. in London 15 Nov., 1800; d. Dublin 14 Feb., 1877) was a historian.	James Burton Robertson	1877
date of death	Joseph Finch Fenn (1820, Travancore -- 1884) was an English clergyman, honorary canon of Gloucester.	Joseph Finch Fenn	1884
date of death	José de Jesús Noé (1805, Puebla, Mexico - 17 March 1862, San Francisco) was the last Mexican alcalde of Yerba Buena, which was renamed San Francisco after the conclusion of the Mexican-American War in 1846.	José de Jesús Noé	17 March 1862
date of death	Dionysius I Telmaharoyo (Latin: Dionysius Telmaharensis) was the Patriarch of Antioch, and head of the Syriac Orthodox Church from 818 until his death in 845.	Dionysius I Telmaharoyo	845
date of death	Owl Woman (Cheyenne name: Mis-stan-stur) (died 1847), was a Cheyenne princess.	Owl Woman	1847
date of death	Alfred Fryer (25 December 1826 Cambridgeshire - 26 February 1912 Chatteris, Cambridgeshire), was an English naturalist and authority on the pond weeds or Potamogetons.	Alfred Fryer	26 February 1912
date of death	Joseph Fels (1853--1914) was an American soap manufacturer, millionaire, and philanthropist.	Joseph Fels	1914
date of death	Ainsworth Rand Spofford (12 September 1825 -- 11 August 1908) was an American journalist and publisher.	Ainsworth Rand Spofford	11 August 1908
date of death	Stanley Mitchell (12 March 1932, Clapton, London -- 16 October 2011, Highbury, London) was a British translator, academic, and author, noted for his English verse translation of Alexander Pushkin's Russian verse novel Eugene Onegin.	Stanley Mitchell	16 October 2011
date of death	Dinanath Gopal Tendulkar (1909--1971) was an Indian writer and documentary film maker.	Dinanath Gopal Tendulkar	1971
date of death	Guido Cominotto (Venice, 4 October 1901 - 9 March 1967) was an Italian sprinter (400 m)and middle distance runner (800 m).	Guido Cominotto	9 March 1967
date of death	Bhausaheb Ubale, O.Ont (b. 1936 in the Satara district, Maharashtra, India -- d. 14 March 2012, Pune, India) was an Indian-born Canadian human rights activist.	Bhausaheb Ubale	14 March 2012
date of death	Jack H. Haverly (1837-1901) or J. H. Haverly was an entrepreneur and promoter of blackface minstrel shows.	J. H. Haverly	1901
date of death	Wilhelm Rollmann (5 August 1907 -- 5 November 1943) was a Fregattenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II, in which he commanded the U-boats U-34 and U-848.	Wilhelm Rollmann	5 November 1943
date of death	Benjamin West Clinedinst (14 October 1859 -- 12 September 1931) was an American illustrator and painter.	Benjamin West Clinedinst	1931
date of death	József Bozsik (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈjoːʒɛf ˈboʒik); 28 November 1925 -- 31 May 1978) was a Hungarian footballer.	József Bozsik	31 May 1978
date of death	Tecwyn Roberts (10 October 1925 -- 27 December 1988) was a Welsh-born American spaceflight engineer who in the 1960s played important roles in designing the Mission Control Center at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas and creating NASA's worldwide tracking and communications network.	Tecwyn Roberts	27 December 1988
date of death	Childeric II (c. 653 -- 675) was the king of Austrasia from 662 and of Neustria and Burgundy from 673 until his death, making him sole King of the Franks for the final two years of his life.	Childeric II	675
date of death	Sebastian Harrison (12 March 1860 - 19 November 1930) was a French art déco architect, and artist, dividing his time between city planning and painting pictures, both centering on the art déco style.	Sebastian Harrison	19 November 1930
date of death	Dáithí Ó Conaill (1938 -- 1 January 1991) was an Irish republican, a member of the IRA Army Council, and vice-president of Sinn Féin and Republican Sinn Féin.	Dáithí Ó Conaill	1 January 1991
date of death	The Teng Chun (Chinese: 鄭丁春; pinyin: Zhèng Dīngchūn; 18 June 1902 -- 25 February 1977), also known by his Indonesian name Tahyar Idris, was a Chinese Indonesian film producer.	The Teng Chun	25 February 1977
date of death	Giovanni Francesco Bassotti (1600 in Assisi -- 1665) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Giovanni Francesco Bassotti	1665
date of death	George Foggo (1793--1869) was a historical painter, born in London on 14 April 1793.	George Foggo	1869
date of death	Jacinto Regino Pachano (born 1835--1903) was a Venezuelan militar, writer and politician.	Jacinto Regino Pachano	1903
date of death	Captain John Baptiste Ford (November 17, 1811--May 1, 1903) was an American industrialist and founder of the Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, now known as PPG Industries, based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	John Baptiste Ford	1903
date of death	Thomas Harvey Johnston (9 December 1881 -- 30 August 1951) was an Australian biologist and parasitologist.	Thomas Harvey Johnston	1951
date of death	Mary Alicia Owen (1850?--1935) was a folklore collector of Missouri who compiled several works of local legend and voodoo.	Mary Alicia Owen	1935
date of death	Axel Palmgren (3 March 1867, Helsinki - 19 February 1939) was a Finnish lawyer, civil servant, business executive and politician.	Axel Palmgren	19 February 1939
date of death	Gene Dyker (February 2, 1930 -- January, 1966) was a forward in the National Basketball Association.	Gene Dyker	1966
date of death	Elias Sydall (1672--1733) was an English bishop of St David's and bishop of Gloucester.	Elias Sydall	1733
date of death	William McWilliam O'Brien, 4th Earl of Inchiquin, KB, PC(I) (1700 -- 18 July 1777) was an Irish peer and politician.	William O'Brien, 4th Earl of Inchiquin	18 July 1777
date of death	The Hidden (Catalan: L'Encobert, Spanish: El Encubierto, ``The Hidden/Shrouded (One)'') (d. 1522) was a mysterious and charismatic leader of the remnants of the rebels in the last stages of the Revolt of the Brotherhoods in Aragon.	L'Encobert	1522
date of death	Melbourne Johns (1901 -- 1955) was a Welsh munitions factory worker who became known for having taken part in a World War II mission in France aimed at retrieving several pieces of machinery of military strategic value ahead of the German invasion.	Melbourne Johns	1955
date of death	Elizabeth Griffith (née Griffith) (1727 -- 5 January 1793), sometimes also credited Elizabeth Griffiths, was an 18th-century Irish dramatist, fiction writer, essayist and actress.	Elizabeth Griffith	5 January 1793
date of death	Albert Henry Collings, RBA (1868 -- 6 May 1947) was an English artist most notable for his portraiture.	Albert Henry Collings	1947
date of death	Manhar Bhagatram (b. 22 October 1938; d 20-6-2003) was an Indian politician from Chhattisgarh belong to Indian National Congress.	Manhar Bhagatram	2003
date of death	Zithulele Sinqe (9 June 1963 -- 22 December 2011) was a South African long distance runner.	Zithulele Sinqe	22 December 2011
date of death	Giovanni Battista Fornovo (1521--1575) was an Italian architect, active in a late-Renaissance style in Parma.	Giovanni Battista Fornovo	1575
date of death	Stephen Popham (5 July 1745 -- 13 June 1795) was a British politician and solicitor who is remembered for improving the residential locality of Georgetown in the city of Chennai, India and reforming the civic and police administration.	Stephen Popham	13 June 1795
date of death	Chauncy Townsend (23 February 1708 -- 28 March 1770) was a businessman and a Member of Parliament (MP) in the British Parliament.	Chauncy Townsend	28 March 1770
date of death	Oliver Lanard Fassig (1860--1936) was an American meteorologist and climatologist who worked for the United States Weather Bureau initially as part of the Signal Corps of the United States War Department and later affiliated with the United States Department of Agriculture.	Oliver Lanard Fassig	1936
date of death	Colonel Ian Lapraik, DSO, OBE, MC & Bar, TD, (13 September 1915 -- 15 March 1985) was a distinguished officer in the Special Air Service Regiment, despite potentially crippling childhood illness.	Ian Lapraik	15 March 1985
date of death	Jeanne Dumée (born Paris 1660; died 1706) was a French astronomer and author.	Jeanne Dumée	1706
date of death	Herbert Melville Guest (29 January 1853 -- 29 June 1938) was an author, newspaper owner and politician of the Transvaal.	Herbert Melville Guest	29 June 1938
date of death	Henry McGee (14 May 1929 -- 28 January 2006) was a British actor, best known as straight man to Benny Hill for many years.	Henry McGee	28 January 2006
date of death	Malik-Shah III (died 1160) ruled as Sultan of Great Seljuq from 1152-53.	Malik-Shah III	1160
date of death	Henry Essex Edgeworth (1745 -- 22 May 1807), also known as L'Abbé Edgeworth de Firmont, was an Irish Catholic priest and confessor of Louis XVI.	Henry Essex Edgeworth	22 May 1807
date of death	Jonathan Lindley (1756--1828) was an 18th-century member of the North Carolina legislature, land speculator, and one of the original settlers of Orange County, Indiana.	Jonathan Lindley	1828
date of death	Francis Augustus Cox (1783--1853) was a prominent English Baptist minister.	Francis Augustus Cox	1853
date of death	Kate Buchdahl (30 September 1964 -- 10 December 1992) was a classically trained, Australian-born, violinist.	Kate Buchdahl	10 December 1992
date of death	Aedanus Burke (16 June 1743 -- 30 March 1802) was a soldier, judge, and United States Representative from South Carolina.	Aedanus Burke	30 March 1802
date of death	John Miller Gray (1850-1894) was a Scottish art critic and the first curator of the Scottish National Portrait Gallery.	John Miller Gray	1894
date of death	Jack Coolahan (22 August 1914 -- 22 April 1988) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Coolahan	22 April 1988
date of death	Horace Goldin (17 December 1873 -- 22 April 1939) was a stage magician who was noted for his lightning fast presentation style and who achieved international fame with his versions of the Sawing a woman in half illusion.	Horace Goldin	22 April 1939
date of death	Elizabeth Jesser Reid (25 December 1789 - 1 April 1866), was an English social reformer, anti-slavery activist and philanthropist.	Elizabeth Jesser Reid	1 April 1866
date of death	Norman Pentland (9 September 1912 -- 28 October 1972) was a British Labour Member of Parliament for Chester-le-Street.	Norman Pentland	28 October 1972
date of death	Carl Johann Philipp Noé Richard Anschütz FRSE (Hon) (10 March 1852 -- 8 January 1937) was a German organic chemist.	Richard Anschütz	8 January 1937
date of death	Colonel Peter Gerahty CBE (1 September 1921 -- 15 November 2013) was one of the last surviving British Army officers to have served with 6th Airborne Division in Operation Varsity on 24 March 1945: the largest airborne operation in the history of warfare, part of Operation Plunder: the Rhine Crossing in March 1945.	Peter Gerahty	15 November 2013
date of death	John Hothby (Otteby, Hocby, Octobi, Ottobi, c. 1410-1487), also known by his Latinised names Johannes Ottobi or Johannes de Londonis, was an English Renaissance composer and musical theorist who travelled widely in Europe and gained an international reputation for his work.	John Hothby	1487
date of death	Sir Thomas Gower, 1st Baronet of Stittenham (1584--1651) was an early member of the Leveson-Gower family.	Sir Thomas Gower, 1st Baronet	1651
date of death	Pedro Segura y Sáenz (4 December 1880--8 April 1957) was a Spanish Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Toledo from 1927 to 1931, and Archbishop of Seville from 1937 until his death.	Pedro Segura y Sáenz	8 April 1957
date of death	Saint Ida of Herzfeld (c. 788 -- c. 825) was the widow of a Saxon duke who devoted her life to the poor following the death of her husband in 811.	Ida of Herzfeld	825
date of death	Ch. Sarup Singh (6 October 1919 -- 23 August 2009) was an Indian legislator.	Ch. Sarup Singh	23 August 2009
date of death	Baldwin Hamey the Elder, M.D., also Baudouin Hamey (1568--1640) was a Flemish physician who settled in London.	Baldwin Hamey the Elder	1640
date of death	Eugène Durocher (27 August 1881 -- 10 May 1944) was a Canadian politician, serving in municipal and national politics.	Eugène Durocher	10 May 1944
date of death	Joseph Gouge Greenwood (1821--1894) was an English classical scholar, second principal of Owens College, Manchester, and vice-chancellor of the Victoria University, Manchester.	Joseph Gouge Greenwood	1894
date of death	Francesco Corneliani (1740-1815) was an Italian painter, mainly active in a Neoclassic style in his native Milan.	Francesco Corneliani	1815
date of death	Richard Ash Kingsford (1821--1902) was an alderman and mayor of Brisbane Municipal Council, a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland, Australia, and a mayor of Cairns, Queensland.	Richard Ash Kingsford	1902
date of death	Edward Sturgis Ingraham (April ?, 1852--August 16?, 1926) was the first superintendent of the Seattle Public Schools, a noted mountaineer who climbed Mount Rainier 13 times, and a leader in the effort to establish Mount Rainier National Park.	Edward Sturgis Ingraham	1926
date of death	Robert Haggiag (1913 -- 1 March 2009) was an American film producer.	Robert Haggiag	1 March 2009
date of death	Zhang Ziqian (simplified Chinese: 张子谦; traditional Chinese: 張子謙, 1899--1991), a famous seven-string zither qin player, was born in Yangzhou, Jiangsu Province, Qing.	Zhang Ziqian	1991
date of death	Wick R. Miller (1932--1994) was an American linguist most well known for his work on Keresan languages and Uto-Aztecan, especially Shoshoni and Guarijio.	Wick R. Miller	1994
date of death	Otto Gebühr (29 May 1877 -- 14 March 1954) was a German theatre and film actor, who appeared in 102 films released between 1917 and 1954.	Otto Gebühr	14 March 1954
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Collin de Sussy (1 January 1750 - 7 July 1826) was a senior official and politician.	Jean-Baptiste Collin de Sussy	7 July 1826
date of death	Alonso de Fonseca y Ulloa (also Alonso I de Fonseca)(died 1473) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Seville (1454-1465 and 1469-1473), Archbishop of Santiago de Compostela (1465-1469), and Bishop of Ávila (1545-1454).	Alonso de Fonseca y Ulloa	1473
date of death	Prince George of Denmark and Norway, Duke of Cumberland (Danish: Jørgen; 2 April 1653 -- 28 October 1708), was the husband of Queen Anne, who reigned over Great Britain from 1702.	Prince George of Denmark	28 October 1708
date of death	Gwenllian of Wales or Gwenllian ferch Llywelyn (June 1282 -- 7 June 1337) was the only child of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, the last native Prince of Wales (Welsh: Tywysog Cymru).	Gwenllian of Wales	7 June 1337
date of death	Giovanni Rossignoli (3 December 1882 -- 27 June 1954) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer who won 3 Giro d'Italia stages during his career.	Giovanni Rossignoli	27 June 1954
date of death	George Barnston (c. 1800 -- 14 March 1883) was a fur trader and a naturalist born in Edinburgh, Scotland.	George Barnston	14 March 1883
date of death	Sir William Campbell Wylie (14 May 1905 -- August 1992) was a New Zealand born colonial judge who was the last Chief Justice of Sarawak, North Borneo and Brunei and the first Chief Justice of Borneo.	William Campbell Wylie	1992
date of death	Odette Kahn (1923--1982) was a leading authority on wine and editor of the La Revue du vin de France (Review of French wine) and of Cuisine et Vins de France (Food and Wines of France).	Odette Kahn	1982
date of death	Andrej Brázda-Jankovský (or Andrej Brázda) (26 July 1915 -- 2008) was a Canadian-based writer who wrote in the Slovak language.	Andrej Brázda-Jankovský	2008
date of death	General Tapishwar Narain Raina (1921 -- 19 May 1980) was the Chief of the Army Staff of the Indian Army during 1975--78.	Tapishwar Narain Raina	19 May 1980
date of death	Professor Radha Krishna Choudhary (15 February 1921 - 15 March 1985) was a historian, thinker and writer of Bihar.	Radha Krishna Choudhary	15 March 1985
date of death	Marjorie Hillis (1889-1971) was an American author of popular nonfiction books for women in the 1930s.	Marjorie Hillis	1971
date of death	Robert Millner Shackleton FRS (30 December 1909 -- 3 May 2001) was a British field geologist who developed an interest in the geology of East Africa.	Robert Millner Shackleton	3 May 2001
date of death	Henrietta Greville MBE, née Wyse (9 October 1861 -- 29 August 1964) was an Australian labour organiser and one of the first women to run for the Australian Parliament with major party endorsement.	Henrietta Greville	29 August 1964
date of death	Thomas Bland Strange (15 September 1831 -- 9 July 1925), known as 'Gunner Jingo', was a British soldier noted for his service with the Canadian militia during the North-West Rebellion of 1885.	Thomas Bland Strange	9 July 1925
date of death	Faithful Teate (c. 1626 -- 1666) was a Protestant clergyman and poet from County Cavan, Ireland.	Faithful Teate	1666
date of death	Rajadhiraja Chola II (1166--1178 CE) reigned as the Chola king succeeding Rajaraja Chola II. According to historian N. Sethuraman, Rajadhiraja was not the direct descendant of Rajaraja Chola II but was a son of his sister.	Rajadhiraja Chola II	1178
date of death	Lionel Charles Knights (15 May 1906 -- 8 March 1997) was an English literary critic, an authority on Shakespeare and his period.	Lionel Charles Knights	8 March 1997
date of death	Jack Randle (23 August 1902 -- May 1990) was an English professional footballer who played as a left back.	Jack Randle	1990
date of death	Yerucham ben Meshullam (Hebrew: ירוחם בן משולם‎, 1290-1350), often called Rabbenu Yerucham (רבנו ירוחם), was a prominent rabbi and posek during the period of the Rishonim.	Rabbenu Yerucham	1350
date of death	Hex Hector (born April 15, 1965), is an American dance remixer.	Hex Hector	1965
date of death	Aert van der Neer, or Aernout or Artus (c. 1603 -- 9 November 1677), was a landscape painter of the Dutch Golden Age, specializing in small night scenes lit only by moonlight and fires, and snowy winter landscapes, both often looking down a canal or river.	Aert van der Neer	9 November 1677
date of death	Dennis Puleston (30 December 1905 - 8 June 2001) was a British-born American environmentalist, adventurer and designer.	Dennis Puleston	8 June 2001
date of death	John Manningham (died 1622) was an English lawyer and diarist, a contemporary source for Elizabethan era and Jacobean era life and the London dramatic world, including William Shakespeare.	John Manningham	1622
date of death	Thomas Doggett (or Dogget) (ca. 1640 -- 20 September 1721) was an Irish actor.	Thomas Doggett	20 September 1721
date of death	Bernard Cowan (1922 -- July 17, 1990) was a Canadian actor, announcer and writer.	Bernard Cowan	1990
date of death	Tom Maguire (28 March 1892 -- 5 July 1993) was an Irish republican who held the rank of commandant-general in the Western Command of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) and led the South Mayo flying column.	Tom Maguire	5 July 1993
date of death	William Addams Williams (1787--1861) was a Welsh lawyer, landowner and politician.	William Addams Williams	1861
date of death	Hugo Meurer (28 May 1869--4 January 1960) was a Vice-Admiral of the Kaiserliche Marine (German Imperial Navy).	Hugo Meurer	4 January 1960
date of death	Vera Albreht (12 February 1895 -- 25 May 1971) was a Slovene poet, writer, publicist and translator.	Vera Albreht	25 May 1971
date of death	Mohammed Fazle Rabbee (occasionally spelled Rabbi, Bengali: মোহাম্মদ ফজলে রাব্বী; 21 September 1932 -- 15 December 1971) was a renowned cardiologist and a published medical researcher.	Mohammed Fazle Rabbee	15 December 1971
date of death	Trần Hiến Tông (1319--1341), given name Trần Vượng (陳旺), was the sixth emperor of the Trần dynasty who reigned Đại Việt from 1329 to 1341.	Trần Hiến Tông	1341
date of death	Adolphe Cohn (1851 -- 1930) was a Franco-American educator, born in Paris.	Adolphe Cohn	1930
date of death	Arthur Mülverstedt (30 June 1894 -- 10 August 1941) was a SS-Gruppenführer und Generalleutnant der Schutzpolizei during World War II; he was a Commander of the 4th SS Polizei Division and the first SS General to be killed in action.	Arthur Mülverstedt	10 August 1941
date of death	Leonte Tismăneanu (born Leonid Tisminetski; 1913--1981) was a Romanian communist activist and propagandist.	Leonte Tismăneanu	1981
date of death	Ferdynand Zarzycki (1888, Tarnów - 1958) was a Polish general and politician.	Ferdynand Zarzycki	1958
date of death	Ennappadam Venkatarama Bhagavatar (1880--1961) was a composer of Carnatic music.	Ennappadam Venkatarama Bhagavatar	1961
date of death	Jenny Diver, née Mary Young (1700 -- 18 March 1741) was a notorious British pickpocket, one of the most famous of her day.	Jenny Diver	18 March 1741
date of death	Thorburn Brailsford Robertson (4 March 1884 -- 18 January 1930) was an Australian physiologist and biochemist.	Thorburn Brailsford Robertson	18 January 1930
date of death	Ambrose St. John (1815 -- 24 May 1875) was an English Oratorian and convert to Catholicism.	Ambrose St. John	24 May 1875
date of death	Bill Gregg (25 August 1914 -- 23 January 2000) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Gregg	23 January 2000
date of death	Princess Charlotte of Prussia (Viktoria Elisabeth Auguste Charlotte; 24 July 1860 -- 1 October 1919) was Duchess of Saxe-Meiningen as the wife of Bernhard III, the duchy's last ruler.	Princess Charlotte of Prussia	1 October 1919
date of death	Maurice Kenyon Taylor (26 June 1908 - 29 June 1986) was a British electrical engineer and inventor responsible for many diverse technological developments and inventions, producing over 70 patents during his career.	Kenyon Taylor	29 June 1986
date of death	Abraham Khalfon (Hebrew: אברהם כלפון‎, 1741--1819) was a Sephardi Jewish community leader, historian, scholar, and paytan in Tripoli, Libya.	Abraham Khalfon	1819
date of death	Peronne Goguillon (died 29 May 1679) was an alleged French witch.	Peronne Goguillon	29 May 1679
date of death	Alfred Searcy (4 January 1854 -- 1 October 1925) was a South Australian public servant and writer.	Alfred Searcy	1 October 1925
date of death	Daniel Lind Lagerlöf (born 6 February 1969; missing since 6 October 2011) is a presumed dead Swedish director, screenwriter and producer.	Daniel Lind Lagerlöf	6 October 2011
date of death	Kaare Støylen (3 October 1909 -- 22 August 1989) was a Norwegian Doctor of Theology and Lutheran bishop, born in Kristiania.	Kaare Støylen	22 August 1989
date of death	Duncan Macgregor Graham (March 1867 -- 19 October 1942) was Labour MP for Hamilton from 1918 to his death.	Duncan Macgregor Graham	19 October 1942
date of death	Nicolas Huet the Younger (1770 Louvre - 26 December 1830 Paris), aka Nicolas Huet II or as Nicolas Huet le Jeune, was a French natural history illustrator, active 1788-1827.	Nicolas Huet the Younger	26 December 1830
date of death	On the evening of 22 August 2001, At the age of 82, and Sharad Talwalkar died due to a heart attack in his home in Pune.	Sharad Talwalkar	22 August 2001
date of death	Jacob Tanner (15 October 1865 -- 25 January 1964) was a Norwegian American Lutheran minister, educator and religious author.	Jacob Tanner	25 January 1964
date of death	Hother Erich Werner Bøttger (18 May 1801 -- 28 October 1857) was a Norwegian politician.	Hother Erich Werner Bøttger	28 October 1857
date of death	Gao Renhou (高仁厚) (d. 886) was an army general late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who served under the warlord Chen Jingxuan the military governor of Xichuan Circuit (西川, headquartered in modern Chengdu, Sichuan).	Gao Renhou	886
date of death	Liang Boqiang 梁伯强 (1 February 1899--28 November 1968, Jiaying, Guangdong, China) Medicine educationalist, and pathologist, member of Chinese Academy of Sciences, pioneer pathologist in China.	Liang Boqiang	1968
date of death	Fausto Tommei (29 July 1909 - 23 July 1978) was an Italian actor, voice actor and presenter.	Fausto Tommei	23 July 1978
date of death	Sir Thomas John Mellis Napier KCMG (24 October 1882 -- 22 March 1976) was a judge of the Supreme Court of South Australia between 28 February 1924 and 28 February 1967, and Chief Justice of South Australia from 25 February 1942 until 28 February 1967.	Mellis Napier	22 March 1976
date of death	Léopold Harzé (1831--1893) was a Belgian sculptor who worked in Brussels.	Léopold Harzé	1893
date of death	Juan Tuñas Bajeneta, nicknamed ``Romperredes'' (17 July 1917 -- 4 April 2011) was a Cuban footballer.	Juan Tuñas	4 April 2011
date of death	France Vodnik (1903--1986) was a Slovenian literary critic, essayist, translator and poet from Ljubljana.	France Vodnik	1986
date of death	John Gillanders Turriff (14 December 1855 -- 10 November 1930) was a Canadian parliamentarian.	John Gillanders Turriff	10 November 1930
date of death	Thomas Cathinco Bang (25 January 1827 -- 13 April 1902) was Norwegian Minister of the Interior in 1884.	Thomas Cathinco Bang	1902
date of death	Bárid mac Ímair (also referred to as Barith, Baraid, and Bard; Old Norse: Bárðr or Bárǫðr; d. 881) was a ninth-century King of Dublin.	Bárid mac Ímair	881
date of death	Sierk Coolsma (Dutch pronunciation: (sirk ˈkoːlsmaː); 26 January 1840 -- 20 March 1926) was a Dutch Protestant missionary who wrote extensively on the Sundanese language.	Sierk Coolsma	20 March 1926
date of death	William Newcomb (died 1999), a professor and theoretical physicist at the University of California's Lawrence Livermore Laboratory, is best known as the creator of Newcomb's paradox, devised in 1960.	William Newcomb	1999
date of death	Kambanthodath Kunhan Vishwanatham or Kambanthodath Vishwanatham (4 November 1914 -- 17 or 18 August 1992) was governor of the Indian state of Gujarat.	Kambanthodath Vishwanatham	1992
date of death	Aodh Buí Mac Cruitín (English: Hugh MacCurtin) (1680--1775) was an Irish poet, tutor, and soldier,	Aodh Buí Mac Cruitín	1775
date of death	Major-General John Sydney Lethbridge CB, CBE, MC (11 December 1897 -- 11 August 1961) was a British soldier.	John Sydney Lethbridge	11 August 1961
date of death	John Véron (died 1563) was a French Protestant controversialist and preacher, known for his activities in England.	John Véron	1563
date of death	Li Guangtian (simplified Chinese: 李广田; traditional Chinese: 李廣田; pinyin: Lǐ Guǎngtián, 1906--1968) was a 20th-century Chinese essayist.	Li Guangtian	1968
date of death	Afawarq Walda Samayat, or Afework Woldesemait, (died 5 November 1935) was an Ethiopian administrator, and commander.	Afawarq Walda Samayat	5 November 1935
date of death	Olga Spiridonović (Serbian Cyrillic: Олга Спиридоновић; 11 June 1923 -- 15 May 1994) was a Serbian film, theatre and television actress who starred in a number of Yugoslav films.	Olga Spiridonović	15 May 1994
date of death	Sir George Thurston KBE (1869 - 22 January 1950) was a leading British naval architect in the early half of the 20th century.	George Thurston	22 January 1950
date of death	José Maria da Ponte e Horta (b. 1824, Faro -- d. 1892) was a Portuguese noble who served as a colonial administrator and soldier in the Portuguese Empire.	José Maria da Ponte e Horta	1892
date of death	John Ya-Otto (10 February 1938 - 25 May 1994) was a Namibian trade unionist, politician, author and diplomat.	John Ya-Otto	25 May 1994
date of death	Abraham Gershon of Kitov, also known as Rabbi Gershon of Brody, was probably born in or near Kuty (Kitov), Poland around 1701 and died in Jerusalem in 1761.	Abraham Gershon of Kitov	1761
date of death	Ernest Montaut (1879--1909) was a French poster artist who died at an early age.	Ernest Montaut	1909
date of death	Dmitry Kardovsky (5 September 1866 - 9 February 1943) was a Russian artist, illustrator and stage designer.	Dmitry Kardovsky	9 February 1943
date of death	Sir Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy, 7th Baronet, (19 April 1913 -- 10 August 2006) was an Indian philanthropist.	Sir Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy, 7th Baronet	10 August 2006
date of death	Ottó Misángyi (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈotːoː ˈmiʃaːnɟi); 20 April 1895 -- 30 November 1977) was a Hungarian athletics coach, sports official and university professor.	Ottó Misángyi	30 November 1977
date of death	Alden Bradford (17 November 1765 -- 26 October 1843) was an American politician, clergyman and author who served as the 5th Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth.	Alden Bradford	26 October 1843
date of death	Walter Hearne (15 January 1864 -- 2 April 1925) was an English cricketer for Kent CCC.	Walter Hearne	2 April 1925
date of death	Anders Johan Ture Rangström (30 November 1884 -- 11 May 1947) belonged to a new generation of Swedish composers who in the first decade of the 20th century introduced modernism to their compositions.	Ture Rangström	11 May 1947
date of death	Lizzie Black Kander (1858--1940) was a progressive reformer and the founder of a settlement house in Milwaukee, where she originated The Settlement Cookbook.	Lizzie Black Kander	1940
date of death	Robert Trewick Bone (24 September 1790 -- 5 May 1840) was an English painter of sacred, classical and genre scenes.	Robert Trewick Bone	5 May 1840
date of death	Willem Arondeus (22 August 1894 -- 1 July 1943) was a Dutch artist and author, who joined the Dutch anti-Nazi resistance movement during World War II. He participated in the bombing of the Amsterdam public records office to hinder the Nazi German effort to identify Dutch Jews.	Willem Arondeus	1 July 1943
date of death	Rodolphe Samuel Schenk (29 October 1888, Macorna, Victoria -- 7 August 1969) was an Australian missionary.	Rodolphe Samuel Schenk	7 August 1969
date of death	Fu Qian (died 263) was a military general of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period.	Fu Qian	263
date of death	Pancho Daniel (?-1858) was a Californio bandit, leader of the Flores Daniel Gang who was lynched in November 1858 while awaiting trial for his involvement in the murder of Los Angeles County Sheriff James R. Barton.	Pancho Daniel	1858
date of death	James Summers (5 June 1828 -- 1 February 1891) was a British scholar of English literature, hired by the Meiji government of the Empire of Japan to establish an English language curriculum at the Kaisei Gakuin (the forerunner of Tokyo Imperial University in 1873).	James Summers	1 February 1891
date of death	Harriet Pelham-Holles, Duchess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne (1701 -- 17 July 1776) was the wife of the British statesman and Prime Minister Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.	Harriet Pelham-Holles, Duchess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne	1776
date of death	Anna Sophie Schack (1689--1760), was a Danish noble, landowner and builder.	Anna Sophie Schack	1760
date of death	Eiliv Odde Hauge (10 November 1913 -- 3 July 1971) was a Norwegian screenwriter, author and resistance member.	Eiliv Odde Hauge	3 July 1971
date of death	Ted Pulford was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan on 14 December 1914 of Welsh emigrant parents and died 11 April 1994.	Ted Pulford	11 April 1994
date of death	Morgan Lloyd (1822 - 5 September 1893) was a Welsh Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885.	Morgan Lloyd	5 September 1893
date of death	James Craufurd, Lord Ardmillan (12 September 1805 -- 7 September 1876) was a Scottish judge.	James Craufurd, Lord Ardmillan	7 September 1876
date of death	Géza Gyóni (25 June 1884 - 25 June 1917) was a Hungarian poet under the rule of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Géza Gyóni	25 June 1917
date of death	Samuel ``Sam'' Maguire (1877 -- 6 February 1927), an Irish republican and Gaelic footballer, is chiefly remembered as the eponym of the Sam Maguire Cup, given to the All-Ireland Senior Champions of Gaelic football.	Sam Maguire	6 February 1927
date of death	Roelof Diodati (Dordrecht, 28 July 1658 -- Batavia, 10 March 1723) was a governor of Dutch Mauritius in the late 17th century.	Roelof Diodati	10 March 1723
date of death	George Beasley (26 April 1902 -- 6 August 1962) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	George Beasley	6 August 1962
date of death	Frank Rickwood (1921-2009) was an Australian businessman in the oil industry.	Frank Rickwood	2009
date of death	Jørgen Thormøhlen (c 1640 -- 25 December 1708) was a Norwegian merchant and industrialist.	Jørgen Thormøhlen	1708
date of death	Bjørn Endreson (20 January 1922 -- 12 November 1998) was a Norwegian actor, stage producer and theatre director.	Bjørn Endreson	12 November 1998
date of death	Charlie van Gelderen (1913--26 October 2001) was a South African Trotskyist active in the British Labour movement from the 1930s.	Charlie van Gelderen	2001
date of death	Peter Frilingos (1944--2004) was a sports journalist and commentator, best known for his work as a rugby league writer.	Peter Frilingos	2004
date of death	Nikki Sudden (19 July 1956 -- 26 March 2006), born Adrian Nicholas Godfrey, was a prolific English singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Nikki Sudden	26 March 2006
date of death	Hans-Joachim Koellreutter (2 September 1915 -- 13 September 2005) was a composer, teacher and musicologist.	Hans-Joachim Koellreutter	13 September 2005
date of death	Emine Semiye Önasya (28 March 1864-1944), mostly known as Emine Semiye and Emine Vahide, was a Turkish writer and a daughter of Ahmed Cevdet Pasha.	Emine Semiye Önasya	1944
date of death	Byron Lavoy Cockrell (1935--2007) was an American rocket scientist and engineer who conducted research and development of micro-motors for solid propellant rockets and was later involved in the Minuteman ICBM program.	Byron Lavoy Cockrell	2007
date of death	Alexandros Soutsos (Greek: Ἀλέξανδρος Σοῦτσος) (1803--1863) was a Greek poet from a prominent Phanariote family.	Alexandros Soutsos	1863
date of death	Tapio Vilpponen (31 May 1913 − 31 August 1994) was a Finnish screenwriter, set designer, costume designer, painter, graphic artist, interior designer, sculptor, copywriter, journalist, cartoonist and columnist.	Tapio Vilpponen	31 August 1994
date of death	Arthur Stanley Brown (20 May 1912 -- 6 July 2002) was charged in 1998 for the 26 August 1970 rape and murder of Judith and Susan Mackay in Townsville, Queensland.	Arthur Stanley Brown	6 July 2002
date of death	Guillaume IV de Melun was also employed in many other important occasions and killed at the Battle of Agincourt on 25 October 1415.	Guillaume IV de Melun	25 October 1415
date of death	Rosa Bonheur, born Marie-Rosalie Bonheur, (16 March 1822 -- 25 May 1899) was a French animalière, realist artist, and sculptor.	Rosa Bonheur	25 May 1899
date of death	Kirill Sokolov (27 September 1930 -- 22 May 2004) was a Russian painter, sculptor, print-maker and stage designer.	Kirill Sokolov	2004
date of death	Seong Hui-ahn(korean:성희안;成希顔, 1461--1513) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty politician and Neo-Confucianism Philosopher served as Prime Minister or Chief State Councillor during the reign of King Jungjong in 1513 until his death .	Seong Hui-ahn	1513
date of death	María Martina Ibaibarriaga Elorriaga (26 January 1788 -- 6 June 1849) was a Spanish guerrilla leader during the Peninsular War (1807--14).	Martina Ibaibarriaga	6 June 1849
date of death	Henry F. Starbuck (1860 -- 1935) was an American architect and a specialist in church architecture.	Henry F. Starbuck	1935
date of death	Jean Fombertaux (1935--1976, Sydney, Australia) was a French émigré architect who spent most of his career designing buildings in and around Sydney.	Jean Fombertaux	1976
date of death	Keeseekoowenin (c. 1818-10 April 1906) was a First Nations leader during the period when Canada was expanding into the prairie provinces of Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta.	Keeseekoowenin	1906
date of death	George Lothrop Starr (14 July 1878 -- 1925) was a Canadian Dean of Ontario from 1917 to 1925.	George Lothrop Starr	1925
date of death	Maj Lillemor Arvidsson (1 May 1943 -- 23 April 2012) was a Swedish trade union leader and the Governor of Gotland from 1998 to 2004.	Lillemor Arvidsson	23 April 2012
date of death	Haukur Clausen (8 November 1928 -- 1 May 2003) was an Olympic athlete and later a dentist.	Haukur Clausen	1 May 2003
date of death	Bullen Reymes (28 December 1613 - 18 December 1672) was an English courtier, diplomat and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1672.	Bullen Reymes	18 December 1672
date of death	Victor Tortez (juillet 18 1843 -- 1890) was a French painter of the beaux arts school, taught by Jean-Jacques Henner.	Victor Tortez	1890
date of death	Prem Singh Brahma (Bodo: प्रेम सिंह ब्रह्मा; 1952 -- 2007) was the former leader of the Bodo Liberation Tigers Force and deputy chief from 1994 to 1996.	Prem Singh Brahma	2007
date of death	Raymond Greenleaf (1 January 1892 - 29 October 1963) was an American actor, best known for All the King's Men (1949), Angel Face (1952), and Pinky (1949).	Raymond Greenleaf	29 October 1963
date of death	Ismail Mustafa or Ismail Mustafa al-Falaki (1825 - 27 July 1901) was an Egyptian astronomer and mathematician.	Ismail Mustafa al-Falaki	27 July 1901
date of death	Jonathan Peter Sharp (20 February 1964 -- 29 May 2009), better known by the pseudonym Jonny Dollar, was an English record producer and songwriter.	Jonny Dollar	29 May 2009
date of death	Sir (Lawrence) Emmet McDermott KBE (6 September 1911 -- 31 August 2002) was an Australian dentist, politician and Lord Mayor of Sydney between 1969 and 1972.	Emmet McDermott	31 August 2002
date of death	Louise Élisabeth d'Orléans (Spanish: Luisa Isabel; 11 December 1709 -- 16 June 1742) was Queen consort of Spain as the wife of King Louis I.	Louise Élisabeth d'Orléans	16 June 1742
date of death	Fujiwara no Kinsue (藤原 公季; 957--1029), also known as Kaikō, was a Japanese statesman, courtier and politician during the Heian period.	Fujiwara no Kinsue	1029
date of death	Yvonne Cernota (19 September 1979 -- 12 March 2004) was a German bobsledder who competed from 2000 to 2004 at the position of the brakeswomen.	Yvonne Cernota	12 March 2004
date of death	Mathew Forde, also spelt 'Matthew Forde' (17 May 1785 -- 5 August 1837) was an Irish landowner and politician.	Mathew Forde	5 August 1837
date of death	The Hon. David John Smith (May 20, 1907 -- 1976) was the third son of Frederick Smith, 2nd Viscount Hambleden and Lady Esther Gore.	David John Smith	1976
date of death	John Paul Visscher (1895--1950) was an American protozoologist.	John Paul Visscher	1950
date of death	Khagendranath Mitra (Bengali: খগেন্দ্রনাথ মিত্র) (1896--1978) was a writer for children of Bengal.	Khagendranath Mitra	1978
date of death	William of Cassingham (or Willikin of the Weald) (died 1257) was a country squire of Cassingham (now Kensham) in Kent at the time of the First Barons' War.	William of Cassingham	1257
date of death	Val Bennett (born Lovall Bennett, ?, died 1991) was a Jamaican tenor saxophonist and jazz and roots reggae musician who began his career in the 1940s.	Val Bennett	1991
date of death	Marc Iliffe (27 June 1972 -- 11 February 2003) was a British strongman famous for being the winner of Britain's Strongest Man contest in 2002.	Marc Iliffe	11 February 2003
date of death	Hiram Abas (1932 in Istanbul -- 26 September 1990) was a Turkish intelligence official in the National Intelligence Organization (MIT).	Hiram Abas	26 September 1990
date of death	John William Crombie (4 March 1858 -- 22 March 1908) was a Scottish woollen manufacturer, folklorist and Liberal Party politician.	John William Crombie	22 March 1908
date of death	Mary MacLane (May 1, 1881 -- c. 6 August 1929) was a controversial Canadian-born American writer whose frank memoirs helped usher in the confessional style of autobiographical writing.	Mary MacLane	1929
date of death	Meir Atlas (Hebrew: מאיר אטלס‎; 1848--1926) was the rabbi of numerous communities in pre-World War II Europe and one of the founders of the Telz Yeshiva.	Meir Atlas	1926
date of death	Andrew Leith Adams FRSE, FRS (21 March 1827 -- 29 July 1882) was a Scottish physician, naturalist and geologist.	Andrew Leith Adams	29 July 1882
date of death	Elizabeth Lamb, Viscountess Melbourne (née Elizabeth Milbanke; 1751 -- 1818) was one of the most influential of the political hostesses of the extended Regency period, and the wife of Whig politician Peniston Lamb, 1st Viscount Melbourne.	Elizabeth Lamb, Viscountess Melbourne	1818
date of death	Harry Liston (7 October 1843 -- 12 April 1929) was an English comedian and actor who appeared in music hall, variety shows and other entertainments during the Victorian era and in the first decades of the 20th century.	Harry Liston	12 April 1929
date of death	Adrien Meunier (24 December 1905 -- 31 October 1971) was a Liberal party, initially independent Liberal, member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Adrien Meunier	31 October 1971
date of death	Păuna Greceanu-Cantacuzino (died 1740), was a Princess consort of Wallachia by marriage to Ştefan Cantacuzino (r. 1714--1716).	Păuna Greceanu-Cantacuzino	1740
date of death	Hugh Montgomerie, 1st Earl of Eglinton (c. 1460 -- June 1545) was a Scottish peer.	Hugh Montgomerie, 1st Earl of Eglinton	June 1545
date of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Rust (6 July 1739 -- 28 February 1796) was a German violinist, pianist and composer.	Friedrich Wilhelm Rust	28 February 1796
date of death	José Beyaert (1 October 1925 -- 11 June 2005) was a French professional cyclist who, during the 1940s and 1950s, was the 1948 Olympics road race champion.	José Beyaert	11 June 2005
date of death	John Bascom Crenshaw (1861--1942) was the head of the Department of Modern Languages at the Georgia Institute of Technology for 38 years, and also served as the school's first athletic director, in which capacity he started Georgia Tech's lacrosse team.	John Bascom Crenshaw	1942
date of death	Hester Maria Elphinstone, Viscountess Keith, born Hester Maria Thrale (17 September 1764 -- 31 March 1857), was a British literary correspondent and intellectual.	Hester Maria Elphinstone, Viscountess Keith	31 March 1857
date of death	Titus Cassius Severus (died in 32 AD) was an ancient Roman rhetor from the gens Cassia.	Cassius Severus	32
date of death	Peder Claussøn Friis (1 April 1545 -- 15 October 1614) was a Norwegian clergyman, author and historian.	Peder Claussøn Friis	15 October 1614
date of death	Luce Langevin-Dubus (born 26 December 1899 in Marissel in Oise, died on 27 August 2002 in Paris) was a French physicist and biologist, teacher of physical sciences and biology at Fénelon highschool in Paris and a communist activist.	Luce Langevin-Dubus	27 August 2002
date of death	Hana Zelinová (20 July 1914 -- 2004) was a Slovak prose writer and dramatist.	Hana Zelinová	2004
date of death	Sir John Dackombe (1570 -- 29 January 1618) was the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster between 1616 and 1618.	John Dackombe	29 January 1618
date of death	Vernon Ahmadjian (19 May 1930, Whitinsville, Massachusetts -- 13 March 2012, Falmouth, Massachusetts) was a distinguished professor at Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Vernon Ahmadjian	13 March 2012
date of death	Antoine Ignace Melling (1763--1831) was a painter, architect and voyager who is counted among the ``Levantine Artists''.	Antoine Ignace Melling	1831
date of death	His Honour Sir Thomas Artemus Jones KC LLD (1871 -- 15 October 1943), was a Welsh Judge, journalist, nationalist and Liberal Party politician who campaigned for the Welsh language.	Thomas Artemus Jones	1943
date of death	Elisabeth Dhanens (1915 -- 11 March 2014) was a Belgian art historian specialising in Early Netherlandish painting.	Elisabeth Dhanens	11 March 2014
date of death	Alexander Ross (15 September 1879 -- 25 June 1952), generally known as Alec Ross and sometimes as Alex or Aleck, was a Scottish professional golfer.	Alec Ross	25 June 1952
date of death	Lt. Col. Robert Sandilands Frowd Walker, C.M.G., (also known as R. S. F. Walker) (13 May 1850 -- 16 May 1917) was a prominent figure in Malaya during the British colonial era in the late 19th century.	Robert Sandilands Frowd Walker	16 May 1917
date of death	José de Grimaldo y Gutiérrez de Solórzano (1660--1733) was a Spanish statesmen.	José de Grimaldo	1733
date of death	Pierre Statorius (Tonneville, Seine-Maritime, 1530 -- Pińczów, 1591) was a French grammarian and theologian, who settled among the Polish Brethren, becoming rector of a Calvinist Academy in Pińczów at the invitation of Francesco Lismanino.	Pierre Statorius	1591
date of death	Princess Auguste of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (27 June 1633 -- 26 May 1701) was a Danish-German princess of the senior Glücksburg line of the Duke of Schleswig-Holstein.	Auguste of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg	26 May 1701
date of death	Admiral of the Fleet Sir Charles Ogle, 2nd Baronet (24 May 1775 -- 16 June 1858) was a Royal Navy officer.	Sir Charles Ogle, 2nd Baronet	16 June 1858
date of death	The publisher Thomas Jonathan Wooler (1786 -- 29 October 1853) was active in the Radical movement of early 19th century Britain, best known for his satirical journal The Black Dwarf.	Thomas Jonathan Wooler	1853
date of death	Carole Lynne, Baroness Delfont (16 September 1918 -- 17 January 2008) was a British theatre actress, best known for her work in the 1940s and 1950s.	Carole Lynne	17 January 2008
date of death	Lars Johannes Irgens (9 October 1775 -- 22 April 1830) was a Norwegian jurist and public official.	Lars Johannes Irgens	22 April 1830
date of death	Lebian (Lebiantu) (died September 1776) was toqui from 1769 to 1774, who led the Pehuenche against the Spanish Empire in Chile following the Mapuche Uprising of 1766 during the Arauco War.	Lebian	September 1776
date of death	Dame Maria Amieriye Osunde (1928--2008) was a Nigerian educationist who founded Auntie Maria School.	Dame Maria Amieriye Osunde	2008
date of death	Francis Charles McMath (1867-February 13, 1938) was an American engineer and amateur astronomer.	Francis Charles McMath	1938
date of death	Arend De Keysere (Arnoldus cesaris, Arnoul de keysere) ( ? - Ghent, 1490) was a Flemish masterprinter of incunabula.	Arend De Keysere	1490
date of death	Peter van Huizen (3 September 1932 -- 12 September 2011) was a Malaysian field hockey player of Dutch ancestry.	Peter van Huizen	12 September 2011
date of death	Antonio Aldonza Lobato, known as Aldonza (21 January 1926 -- 11 April 2014) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a left back.	Antonio Aldonza	11 April 2014
date of death	Mary Greenleaf Clement Leavitt (1830--1912) was a divorced Boston schoolteacher who became the first round-the-world missionary for the Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU), of which she was a founding member.	Mary Greenleaf Clement Leavitt	1912
date of death	Yasin Osman Kenadid (Somali: Yaasiin Cismaan Keenadiid, Arabic: ياسين عثمان كينايديض‎) (1919--27 November 1988) was a Somali intellectual, writer and linguist.	Yasin Osman Kenadid	27 November 1988
date of death	Jørgen von Cappelen Knudtzon (28 April 1784 -- 29 July 1854) was a Norwegian businessman and patron of the arts.	Jørgen von Cappelen Knudtzon	29 July 1854
date of death	Chatin Sarachi (in Albanian Paskal ``Çatin'' Saraçi) (1899--1974), was an Albanian painter and politician.	Chatin Sarachi	1974
date of death	John Wills D.D. (died 16 June 1806) was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford.	John Wills	16 June 1806
date of death	Elizabeth Tilberis (7 September 1947 -- 21 April 1999), born Elizabeth Jane Kelly, known professionally throughout her career as Liz Tilberis, was a British fashion magazine editor of Manx and English ancestry.	Liz Tilberis	21 April 1999
date of death	Joe Frisco (November 4, 1889 -- February 12, 1958) was an American vaudeville performer who first made his name on stage as a jazz dancer, but later incorporated his stuttering voice to his act and became a popular comedian.	Joe Frisco	1958
date of death	The Hon. William Douglas-Home (3 June 1912 -- 28 September 1992) was a British dramatist and politician.	William Douglas-Home	28 September 1992
date of death	William Forbes Mackenzie (18 April 1807 -- 24 September 1862) was a Scottish Conservative politician and temperance reformer.	William Forbes Mackenzie	24 September 1862
date of death	Bill Vickers (18 February 1904 -- 25 August 1976) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Vickers	25 August 1976
date of death	Vũ Quốc Uy (1920--1994) was a Vietnamese writer and cultural politician.	Vũ Quốc Uy	1994
date of death	Ubaldo Caccianemici (died 1171) was an Italian cardinal and cardinal-nephew of Pope Lucius II, his cousin who elevated him in May or June 1144.	Ubaldo Caccianemici	1171
date of death	James Eccles FGS (1838 -- 6 June 1915) was an English mountaineer and geologist who is noted for making a number of first ascents in the Alps during the silver age of alpinism.	James Eccles	6 June 1915
date of death	Edward Cobden, D.D. (1684-1764) was a British divine, poet, and Archdeacon of London, from 1742--1764.	Edward Cobden	1764
date of death	Heremigarius (or Hermigarius) (fl. 427--429) was a Suevic military leader operative in Lusitania in the early fifth century.	Heremigarius	429
date of death	Armand Gregg (1820--1897) was a German-born journalist with democratic beliefs.	Armand Gregg	1897
date of death	Colonel Calvin Ira Kephart LL.D. (1883--1969) was an American professor of law, genealogist, historian, expert on heraldry and amateur ethnologist.	Calvin Ira Kephart	1969
date of death	Robert Jocelyn, 2nd Earl of Roden KP, PC (Ire) (26 October 1756 -- 29 June 1820) was an Irish peer, soldier and politician.	Robert Jocelyn, 2nd Earl of Roden	29 June 1820
date of death	Gerhart Lüders (25 February 1920 -- 31 January 1995) was a German theoretical physicist who worked mainly in quantum field theory and was well known for the discovery and a general proof of the CPT theorem.	Gerhart Lüders	31 January 1995
date of death	Sir William Arrol (13 February 1839 -- 20 February 1913) was a Scottish civil engineer, bridge builder, and Liberal Unionist Party politician.	William Arrol	1913
date of death	Bertie Marshall ORTT (6 February 1936 - 17 October 2012) (born as Bertram Lloyd Marshall in Port-of-Spain, Trinidad) was a pioneer, musician and music instrument maker of the Steel Pan.	Bertie Marshall	17 October 2012
date of death	Marie Sanlaville (1847--1930) was a leading dancer with the Paris Opéra.	Marie Sanlaville	1930
date of death	Cecil Quinlan (4 May 1893 -- 23 December 1926) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Cecil Quinlan	23 December 1926
date of death	Per Ericson (1965--2007) was a Swedish journalist and author with a background in the Moderate Party.	Per Ericson	2007
date of death	Zoltán Halmay (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈzoltaːn ˈhɒlmɒi), 18 June 1881 -- 20 May 1956) was a Hungarian Olympic swimmer.	Zoltán Halmay	20 May 1956
date of death	E. Alison Kay (1928 -- 9 June 2008) was a malacologist, environmentalist, and professor at the University of Hawaiʻi.	E. Alison Kay	9 June 2008
date of death	Clement Cruttwell (1743 -- 5 August 1808) was an English compiler of religious works and gazetteers.	Clement Cruttwell	1808
date of death	Zhang Wenjin (ca. 1915 -- 18 February 1991) was a Chinese Deputy Foreign Minister and Ambassador to the United States and Canada.	Zhang Wenjin	1991
date of death	Zheng Zhu (鄭注) (died December 18, 835), probably né Yu Zhu (魚注), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.	Zheng Zhu	835
date of death	Philip Tilden (1887--1956) was an English architect, active in the early twentieth century, who worked for some of the most prominent members of English society, including Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Lord Beaverbrook, Sir Philip Sassoon, Lady Ottoline Morrell and Gordon Selfridge.	Philip Tilden	1956
date of death	Aideen O'Kelly (5 September 1940 -- 22 April 2015) was an Irish actress of stage and television, who worked in both Ireland and the United States.	Aideen O'Kelly	22 April 2015
date of death	Dato' Y. T. Lee, also Lee Yoon Thim (1905--1977) was a Malaysian Chinese architect active in Kuala Lumpur in the 1950s and 1960s.	Lee Yoon Thim	1977
date of death	Courtenay Hughes Fenn, or C. H. Fenn, (April 11, 1866--1927) was an American Presbyterian missionary to China, and compiler of The Five Thousand Dictionary, a widely used basic Chinese-English dictionary that has gone through numerous reprints.	Courtenay Hughes Fenn	1927
date of death	Carmen Blacker FBA (13 July 1924 -- 13 July 2009) was a British scholar of Japanese language.	Carmen Blacker	13 July 2009
date of death	Eustace de Balliol (or Eustace de Helicourt) (died c. 1209) was the cousin and successor of Bernard II de Balliol, lord of Balliol and Barnard Castle.	Eustace de Balliol	1209
date of death	José Ignacio García Hamilton (1 November 1943 -- 17 June 2009) was an Argentine writer, noted historian, lawyer and politician.	José Ignacio García Hamilton	17 June 2009
date of death	Mohammad Zakaria (1923 -- 1993) was a Bangladeshi actor and producer.	Mohammad Zakaria	1993
date of death	James Bird (Jimmy Jock) (c. 1798 -- 11 December 1892 ) was a fur trader, hunter, interpreter, and guide in both western Canada and the United States.	James Bird	11 December 1892
date of death	John St John, 11th Baron St John of Bletso (died 24 June 1757) was a British peer.	John St John, 11th Baron St John of Bletso	24 June 1757
date of death	Eliodoro Matte Ossa (11 April 1905 - 22 July 2000) was a Chilean businessman, founder of the Chilean forestry and paper company CMPC.	Eliodoro Matte Ossa	22 July 2000
date of death	Francis Gurdon (11 April 1861, Barnham Broom -- 23 December 1929, York) was an Anglican bishop, the third Bishop of Hull in the modern era..	Francis Gurdon	23 December 1929
date of death	Rudolf Mansfeld (17 January 1901, Berlin -- 1960) was a German botanist and agricultural scientist.	Rudolf Mansfeld	1960
date of death	Charles C. Holt (21 May 1921 -- 13 December 2010) was Professor Emeritus at the Department of Management at the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin.	Charles C. Holt	13 December 2010
date of death	Ram Waeerkar (d. 26 February 2003) was an artist for the Indian comic book series Amar Chitra Katha, based on Indian mythology, history, and folklore.	Ram Waeerkar	2003
date of death	Francis Delaram (born around 1590, fl. 1615--1624 or 1627), was an English engraver.	Francis Delaram	1627
date of death	Stanley Alexander de Smith FBA (27 March 1922 -- 12 February 1974) was an English academic lawyer and author.	Stanley Alexander de Smith	12 February 1974
date of death	Abraham Edel (6 December 1908 -- 22 June 2007) was a North American philosopher and ethicist.	Abraham Edel	22 June 2007
date of death	Giuni Russo (stage name of Giuseppa Romeo; 10 September 1951 -- 14 September 2004) was an Italian singer-songwriter, who specialised in experimental music after a short successful stint as art-pop singer in the early 1980s.	Giuni Russo	14 September 2004
date of death	Gus Troxler (c. 1871 -- February 16, 1945) was a professional strong man, boxer, actor, sports promoter, physical-training expert, and inventor.	Gus Troxler	1945
date of death	Mischa Spoliansky (28 December 1898 -- 28 June 1985) was a Russian-born composer and a long-term resident in Britain.	Mischa Spoliansky	28 June 1985
date of death	Rosamund Clifford (before 1150 -- ca. 1176), often called ``The Fair Rosamund'' or the ``Rose of the World'', was famed for her beauty and was a mistress of King Henry II of England, famous in English folklore.	Rosamund Clifford	1176
date of death	René Théodore Berthon (1776--1859) was a French painter of religious and historical subjects, and of portraits.	René Théodore Berthon	1859
date of death	Johann Nepomuk von Fuchs (15 May 1774 -- 5 March 1856) was a German chemist and mineralogist.	Johann Nepomuk von Fuchs	5 March 1856
date of death	Emidio Greco (20 October 1938 -- 22 December 2012) was an Italian film director and screenwriter, best known for the 1974 film Morel's Invention.	Emidio Greco	22 December 2012
date of death	Christian of Oliva (Polish: Christian z Oliwy), also Christian of Prussia (German: Christian von Preußen) (died 4 December(?) 1245) was the first missionary bishop of Prussia.	Christian of Oliva	4 December(?) 1245
date of death	Vincent Liff (c. 1951--2003) was an American casting director of Broadway musicals and plays.	Vincent Liff	2003
date of death	Charles Paulet, 1st Duke of Bolton PC JP (c. 1630 -- 27 February 1699), was an English nobleman, the son of John Paulet, 5th Marquess of Winchester and his first wife, Jane Savage.	Charles Paulet, 1st Duke of Bolton	1699
date of death	Air Commodore Charles Rumney Samson CMG, DSO & Bar, AFC (8 July 1883 -- 5 February 1931) was a British naval aviation pioneer.	Charles Rumney Samson	5 February 1931
date of death	Alexander Møller (24 April 1762 -- 28 December 1847) was a Norwegian physician who served at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814.	Alexander Møller	28 December 1847
date of death	Zhang Peiyuan (died 1934) was a Han chinese general, commander of the Ili garrison.	Zhang Peiyuan	1934
date of death	Harold Larwood (14 November 1904 -- 22 July 1995) was a professional cricketer for Nottinghamshire and England between 1924 and 1938.	Harold Larwood	22 July 1995
date of death	Thomas Octavius Prichard (1808--1847) was an English psychiatrist, one of the earliest advocates of ``moral management'', the humane treatment of the mentally ill. Having served as superintendent for two years at Glasgow Royal Lunatic Asylum, Prichard was appointed founding superintendent of the Northamptonshire County General Lunatic Asylum in 1838.	Thomas Octavius Prichard	1847
date of death	Leif Utne (1919 -- 25 August 2004) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II and later a physician.	Leif Utne	25 August 2004
date of death	Henry of Badewide (or Badwide) (German: Heinrich von Badewide) (died ca. 1164) was a Saxon Count of Botwide (after 1149) and Count of Ratzeburg (after 1156).	Henry of Badewide	1164
date of death	Luis Omar Salinas (1937--2008) was a leading Chicano poet who published a number of well-received collections of poetry, including the Crazy Gypsy, which has been described as ``a classic of contemporary and Chicano poetry''), I Go Dreaming Serenades, and Afternoon of The Unreal.	Luis Omar Salinas	2008
date of death	Lionel Cranfield, 3rd Earl of Middlesex (1625 -- 26 October 1674) was an English peer, styled Hon. Lionel Cranfield from 1640 until 1651.	Lionel Cranfield, 3rd Earl of Middlesex	26 October 1674
date of death	Isaac Sharp (1681--1735) was an early New Jersey settler, politician, judge and Colonel of the militia.	Isaac Sharp	1735
date of death	Tempe Pigott (2 February 1884 -- 6 October 1962) was a silent and sound screen character actress.	Tempe Pigott	6 October 1962
date of death	Václav Tikal (24 December 1906 in Ptetin village, Plzeň Region -- 26 November 1965 in Prague) was a Czech surrealist painter and ceramist.	Václav Tikal	26 November 1965
date of death	Harry Noon (6 October 1937 -- 1996) was an English professional football player and coach.	Harry Noon	1996
date of death	The Rev Dr William Kelynack (22 May 1831 -- 1 November 1891) was an Cornish Australian Methodist minister, President of Newington College, and President of the General Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church.	William Kelynack	1 November 1891
date of death	Amin-Salim Jarjora (Hebrew: :אמין-סלים ג'רג'ורה‎ 1886 -- 20 August 1975) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Democratic List of Nazareth between 1949 and 1951.	Amin-Salim Jarjora	20 August 1975
date of death	Francesco III Ordelaffi (c. 1357 -- September 8, 1405), also known as Cecco II, was an Italian condottiero and lord of Forlì.	Francesco III Ordelaffi	1405
date of death	James Douglas, 3rd Earl of Angus, Lord of Liddesdale and Jedburgh Forest (1426--1446) was a Scottish Nobleman.	James Douglas, 3rd Earl of Angus	1446
date of death	Charles Anthony Swainson (1820--1887) was an English theologian, Norrisian and subsequently Lady Margaret's Professor of Divinity,Master of Christ's College, Cambridge and a canon of Chichester.	Charles Anthony Swainson	1887
date of death	Anders Selinder, (4 November 1806, Stockholm -- 6 November 1874, Stockholm), was a Swedish dancer, Ballet master, choreographer and director.	Anders Selinder	6 November 1874
date of death	Samuel More (1593--1662) was at the centre of two historical incidents in seventeenth century England.	Samuel More	1662
date of death	Knut Luraas (1782--1843) was a Norwegian Hardingfele fiddler and artist.	Knut Luraas	1843
date of death	Just Knut Qvigstad (20 December 1902 -- 6 May 2001) was a Norwegian engineer.	Just Knut Qvigstad	6 May 2001
date of death	Osgod Clapa (died 1054), also Osgot, was a nobleman in Anglo-Saxon England during the reigns of Kings Cnut the Great, Harold Harefoot, Harthacnut, and Edward the Confessor.	Osgod Clapa	1054
date of death	Andrew Hynes (February 28, 1750 -- September 1800) was the founder of Elizabethtown, Kentucky, which town was named for his wife, Elizabeth Warford Hynes.	Andrew Hynes	September 1800
date of death	Robert Denoon Cumming (1916 -- 25 August 2004) was a Canadian-American philosopher and historian of twentieth-century Continental philosophy, especially phenomenology.	Robert Denoon Cumming	25 August 2004
date of death	Reg Gutteridge, OBE (29 March 1924 -- 24 January 2009) was a boxing journalist and television commentator.	Reg Gutteridge	24 January 2009
date of death	Johannes Ciconia (c. 1370 -- between 10 June and 13 July 1412) was a composer and music theorist of the late Middle Ages.	Johannes Ciconia	1412
date of death	Fred Leach (6 March 1878 -- 14 April 1908) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Leach	1908
date of death	Andreas or Aindréas of Caithness († 1184) is the first known bishop of Caithness and a source for the author of de Situ Albanie.	Aindréas of Caithness	1184
date of death	Gian Nicola Babini (24 April 1944 -- 11 March 2012) was an Italian scientist who specialised in the field of ceramics.	Gian Nicola Babini	11 March 2012
date of death	Dr. Vasant Parikh (1929--2007) was an Indian politician born at Vadnagar in Mehsana district, Gujarat.	Vasant Parikh	2007
date of death	Blanche Armwood (1890--1939), Educator, activist and the first African-American woman in the state of Florida to graduate from an accredited law school.	Blanche Armwood	1939
date of death	Lokenath Bal (Bengali: লোকনাথ বল) (8 March 1908 -- 4 September 1964) was an Indian independence activist and a member of the armed resistance movement led by Surya Sen, which carried out the Chittagong armoury raid in 1930.	Lokenath Bal	4 September 1964
date of death	Bahjat al-Muhaisen (1927-10 April 2007) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career.	Bahjat al-Muhaisen	10 April 2007
date of death	Cec Hammer (24 June 1926 -- 1 April 2013) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Cec Hammer	1 April 2013
date of death	Antonis Papadakis, or Kareklas (1893--1980) was a Cretan musician and famous for his superb lyra performance.	Antonis Papadakis	1980
date of death	Issa Basil Bandak (1891 -- May 1984) was a Palestinian/Jordanian politician who served as Jordanian ambassador to Spain and commissioner to Chile after serving as Mayor of Bethlehem and appearing as part of the Jordanian delegation to the UN in 1950.	Issa Basil Bandak	May 1984
date of death	Balthasar Denner (15 November 1685 -- 14 April 1749) was a German painter, highly regarded as a portraitist.	Balthasar Denner	14 April 1749
date of death	James Daly, 1st Baron Dunsandle and Clanconal (1 April 1782 -- 7 August 1847) was an Irish politician.	James Daly, 1st Baron Dunsandle and Clanconal	7 August 1847
date of death	Leonardos Philaras (c. 1595 -- 1673) (Greek: Λεονάρδος Φιλαρᾶς, Leonardos Filaras, French: Leonard Philara also known as Villeret, Villare) was a Greek Athenian scholar, politician, diplomat and advisor to the French court.	Leonardos Philaras	1673
date of death	Rick Roderick (1949--2002) was an American professor of philosophy, best known for his lectures for The Teaching Company.	Rick Roderick	2002
date of death	Nancy Perriam (1770-1867) was an English woman from Exmouth, Devon, who was one of the few women of her time to serve on a warship.	Nancy Perriam	1867
date of death	Cesare Rinaldi (1559--1636) was one of Bologna's most eminent poets.	Cesare Rinaldi	1636
date of death	Robert de Beauchamp (d. 1252) was an English judge, was a minor at the death of his father, Robert de Beauchamp, feudal baron of Hatch Beauchamp, Somerset, in 1211-12.	Robert de Beauchamp	1252
date of death	Count Anders Torstenson (1641--1686), Swedish statesman, son of Lennart Torstenson and member of the Privy Council, was from 1674 to 1681 Governor-General of Estonia.	Anders Torstenson	1686
date of death	Matthew Dodsworth (c.1544 -- 1631) was, sometime before 1593, appointed as Judge of the Admiralty Court in England's Northern Counties.	Matthew Dodsworth	1631
date of death	Münevver Andaç (died 1998) was a translator of Turkish literature.	Münevver Andaç	1998
date of death	Wilhelm Friedrich Karwinski von Karwin (19 February 1780 -- 2 March 1855) was a Bavarian naturalist who collected plants and animals in Brazil (1821--1826) and Mexico (1826--1831, 1840).	Wilhelm Friedrich Karwinski von Karwin	2 March 1855
date of death	Hassan al-Amri (Arabic: حسن العمري‎) (1916--1989) Known as The General of Yemen.	Hassan al-Amri	1989
date of death	Roland Caldwell Harris (May 1875 - 3 September 1945) was the Commissioner of Public Works for Toronto from 1912 until his death in 1945.	Roland Caldwell Harris	3 September 1945
date of death	Xia Chang (Chinese: 夏昶; pinyin: Xià Chàng; Wade--Giles: Hsia Ch'ang; 1388--1470) was a Ming dynasty Chinese painter and government official.	Xia Chang	1470
date of death	Lucian Popescu (12 January 1912, Bucharest- 9 December 1982) was a Romanian boxer who won European titles in three different classes.	Lucian Popescu	9 December 1982
date of death	Wilhelm Karl Ritter von Haidinger (or Wilhelm von Haidinger, or most often Wilhelm Haidinger) (5 February 1795 -- 19 March 1871) was an Austrian mineralogist.	Wilhelm Karl Ritter von Haidinger	19 March 1871
date of death	Osman Rastoder (1882 -- 23 January 1946) was a cleric (hodja) and commander of the Muslim militia in upper Bihor during the Second World War.	Osman Rastoder	23 January 1946
date of death	Eugen Țurcanu (8 July 1925 -- 17 December 1954), Romanian political prisoner, was executed for his role in the Pitești Experiment.	Eugen Țurcanu	17 December 1954
date of death	Samuel Jasper Loring (1914-1963) was an aeronautical engineer with Chance Vought and later Hamilton Standard who worked on various aspects of the aeroelastic flutter problem.	Samuel Jasper Loring	1963
date of death	Josephine Casey (1 January 1878(?) -- 27 January 1950) was a labor organizer and leader, and a women's rights advocate.	Josephine Casey	27 January 1950
date of death	James Mack (Galvan Kepler Macnamara; 1941 -- 3 June 2004) was a curator, director, advisor and arts advocate in New Zealand and the Pacific.	James Mack	3 June 2004
date of death	Sir Richard Thorne Thorne (13 October 1841 -- 18 December 1899) was a British physician, the fourth Chief Medical Officer in the United Kingdom.	Richard Thorne Thorne	18 December 1899
date of death	Asta Nørregaard (13 August 1853 - 23 March 1933) was a Norwegian painter who is best known for her portraits.	Asta Nørregaard	23 March 1933
date of death	Captain Kunwar Awadhesh Pratap Singh (born October 1888, Rampur Baghelan--died 16 June 1967, Kanpur) was a noted Indian politician and Indian independence activist.	Awadhesh Pratap Singh	16 June 1967
date of death	White Parker (1887--1956) was a son of Mah-Cheeta-Wookey and Quanah Parker, chief of the Comanches.	White Parker	1956
date of death	Arthur Brennan (2 March 1881 -- 12 September 1931) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Brennan	12 September 1931
date of death	Jacob Tonson, sometimes referred to as Jacob Tonson the elder (1655--1736) was an eighteenth-century English bookseller and publisher.	Jacob Tonson	1736
date of death	Jacob Rosted (23 October 1750 -- 8 October 1833) was a Norwegian educator, editor and librarian.	Jacob Rosted	1833
date of death	Gatjil Djerrkura OAM (Yolŋu_Matha:Gätjil Djerrkura) (30 June 1949 -- 26 May 2004) was an Aboriginal leader and indigenous spokesman in the Northern Territory and Australia.	Gatjil Djerrkura	26 May 2004
date of death	Major-General Sir Henry Edward Colvile KCMG CB (10 July 1852 -- 25 November 1907) was an English soldier.	Henry Edward Colvile	25 November 1907
date of death	Dr. Charles V. Paterno (1876 -- May 30, 1946) was an American real estate developer.	Charles V. Paterno	1946
date of death	Jesse Milton Coburn (1853--1923) was a one-term Republican mayor of South Norwalk, Connecticut, from 1897 to 1898.	Jesse Milton Coburn	1923
date of death	Muriel Box (22 September 1905 -- 18 May 1991) was an Oscar-winning English screenwriter and director.	Muriel Box	18 May 1991
date of death	Angéle de la Barthe (c. 1230--1275) was allegedly a woman from Toulouse, France, who was tried for witchcraft and condemned to death by the Inquisition in 1275.	Angéle de la Barthe	1275
date of death	George Withy (May 15, 1924 -- November 17, 1998) was a journalist, member of the Press Council (UK), President of the CIOJ (1975--1976) and the great nephew of Edward Withy.	George Withy	1998
date of death	Edmund Lockyer, (21 January 1784 -- 10 June 1860) was a British soldier and explorer of Australia.	Edmund Lockyer	10 June 1860
date of death	William Baker of Audlem (1705--1771) was an architect, surveyor and building contractor, working in Shropshire and the adjacent counties in the middle years of the 18th Century.	William Baker of Audlem	1771
date of death	Colonel Philip Ludwell III (1716--1767) was the earliest known Eastern Orthodox Christian in North America.	Philip Ludwell III	1767
date of death	Petrus Vuyst or Vuijst (1691, Batavia, Dutch East Indies - 19 May 1732, Batavia) was the 20th Governor of Ceylon during the Dutch colonial period.	Petrus Vuyst	19 May 1732
date of death	Charles William Previté-Orton (16 January 1877 -- 11 March 1947) was a medieval historian and the first Professor of Medieval History at the University of Cambridge on the establishment of the position in 1937.	Charles William Previté-Orton	11 March 1947
date of death	Hallvard Vebjørnsson (Hallvard Den Hellige) (c. 1020 -- 1043), commonly referred to as Saint Hallvard (Sankt Hallvard), is the patron saint of Oslo.	Hallvard Vebjørnsson	1043
date of death	Sergei Gavrilovich Simonov (Russian: Сергей Гаврилович Симонов; 9 April 1894 -- 6 May 1986) was a Russian weapons designer; he is one of the fathers of the modern assault rifle.	Sergei Gavrilovich Simonov	6 May 1986
date of death	Samuel de Lange Jr. (22 October 1840 -- 7 July 1911) was a Dutch composer, music conservatory director, organist, pianist, conductor and music teacher.	Samuel de Lange	7 July 1911
date of death	Paul Cérésole (16 November 1832, Friedrichsdorf, Hesse-Homburg -- 7 January 1905) was a Swiss politician, judge of the Supreme Court (1867-1870) and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1870-1875).	Paul Cérésole	7 January 1905
date of death	Edward Lascelles, 1st Earl of Harewood (7 January 1740 -- 3 April 1820) was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	Edward Lascelles, 1st Earl of Harewood	3 April 1820
date of death	Dr. Reginald Tustin Baker FRCO (4 July 1900 - December 1966) was an organist and composer based in England.	Reginald Tustin Baker	1966
date of death	Professor Y. K. Sohoni (1911-2003) was a teacher and professor of French for over fifty years.	Y. K. Sohoni	2003
date of death	Damerla Rama Rao (born March 8, 1897 in Rajahmundry -- died February 6, 1925) was an Indian artist.	Damerla Rama Rao	1925
date of death	Doctor Sheik Umar Khan (6 March 1975 -- 29 July 2014) was the chief Sierra Leonean doctor attempting to curb the country's Ebola outbreak in 2014.	Sheik Umar Khan	29 July 2014
date of death	Major General Sir Denzil Macarthur-Onslow CBE, DSO, ED (5 March 1904 -- 30 November 1984) was an Australian general.	Denzil Macarthur-Onslow	30 November 1984
date of death	Charles Mohun, 4th Baron Mohun (c. 1675 -- 15 November 1712) was an English politician best known for his frequent participation in duels and for his reputation as a rake.	Charles Mohun, 4th Baron Mohun	15 November 1712
date of death	Alfred Baldwin Raper (8 May 1889 - 30 April 1941) was a British businessman, air force officer and Conservative politician.	Alfred Baldwin Raper	30 April 1941
date of death	Óscar Acosta Zeledón (14 April 1933 -- 15 July 2014) was a Honduran writer, poet, critic, politician and diplomat.	Óscar Acosta	15 July 2014
date of death	Philip Naviasky (1894-1983) was a Leeds-based artist.	Philip Naviasky	1983
date of death	Sir Joseph Beecham, 1st Baronet (8 June 1848 -- 23 October 1916), was a British businessman.	Sir Joseph Beecham, 1st Baronet	23 October 1916
date of death	Gerhard Braunitzer (24 September 1921 - 27 May 1989) was a German biochemist who was a pioneer in protein sequencing.	Gerhard Braunitzer	27 May 1989
date of death	Col. John Cox Gawler (1830--1882) was a Keeper of the Crown Jewels and British Israelite author.	John Cox Gawler	1882
date of death	Sir Richard Marchant Knowles (20 May 1917 -- 18 February 2008), known as Dick Knowles, was a British politician known for his work in local government in Birmingham.	Dick Knowles	18 February 2008
date of death	Christopher Gallard Gilbert (7 September 1936 -- 29 September 1998) was a British furniture historian and museum curator.	Christopher Gallard Gilbert	29 September 1998
date of death	Dr. Henry Ndifor Abi Enonchong (22 March 1934 -- 26 June 2008) was a Cameroon barrister.	Henry Ndifor Abi Enonchong	26 June 2008
date of death	Ernie England (3 February 1901 -- 22 February 1982) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back.	Ernie England	22 February 1982
date of death	Sir John Fowler, 1st Baronet, KCMG, LLD (15 July 1817 -- 20 November 1898) was an English civil engineer specialising in the construction of railways and railway infrastructure.	Sir John Fowler, 1st Baronet	20 November 1898
date of death	Mary Meilak (9 August 1905 -- 1 January 1975) is one of the few Maltese women poets.	Mary Meilak	1 January 1975
date of death	Ralph Payne, 1st Baron Lavington KB PC (19 March 1739 -- 3 August 1807) was a British politician and Governor of the Leeward Islands.	Ralph Payne, 1st Baron Lavington	3 August 1807
date of death	Isaac Blackwell (died 1699) was a composer and English Cathedral organist, who served at St. Paul's Cathedral.	Isaac Blackwell	1699
date of death	Al-Mahdi Ahmad bin al-Husayn (died 20 February 1258) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen who ruled in the period 1248-1258.	Al-Mahdi Ahmad bin al-Husayn	20 February 1258
date of death	Cao Zhenyong (Chinese: 曹振镛; pinyin: Cáo Zhènyōng; 1755--1835) was a Chinese statesman of the Qing dynasty.	Cao Zhenyong	1835
date of death	Shamsher Gazi or Samsher Gazi (1712-1760) was a governor in historical Comilla, Bangladesh.	Shamsher Gazi	1760
date of death	Nawab Mehdi Nawaz Jung (23 May 1894 -- 28 June 1967) was an Indian bureaucrat and was Secretary to the Executive Council during the Nizam rule.	Mehdi Nawaz Jung	28 June 1967
date of death	Francis H. Schell (1834--1909) was an American artist, illustrator, and lithographer, active in Philadelphia and New York.	Francis H. Schell	1909
date of death	Aiyathurai Nadesan, a prominent and veteran minority Sri Lankan Tamil journalist was shot dead on May 31, 2004 on his way to work in eastern Sri Lankan town of Batticaloa by gunmen belonging to an armed paramilitary group widely believed to be so called Karuna Group.	Aiyathurai Nadesan	2004
date of death	Thomas Scott, 2nd Earl of Clonmell (15 August 1783 -- 18 January 1838), styled Lord Earlsfort between 1793 and 1798, was an Irish peer and politician.	Thomas Scott, 2nd Earl of Clonmell	18 January 1838
date of death	Lady Mary Dering (née Mary Harvey) (bap. 3 September 1629 -- 7 February 1704) was an English composer.	Lady Mary Dering	7 February 1704
date of death	Harry Kiyoshi Ishisaka (25 December 1927 -- January 1978) was a leading sensei, or master of the Japanese martial art of aikido.	Harry Kiyoshi Ishisaka	January 1978
date of death	Alfred Paxton Backhouse (25 May 1851 -- 1 August 1939) was an Australian judge of the District Court of New South Wales, and occasional acting Supreme Court judge.	Alfred Paxton Backhouse	1 August 1939
date of death	Lodovic Hugh Gavin (25 October 1878 -- 13 November 1940) was an Australian rules footballer who played 108 games with Essendon in the years following the formation of the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Hugh Gavin	13 November 1940
date of death	Horace Tennyson O'Rourke, (1880--1963) was Dublin city architect for Dublin Corporation, now, Dublin City Council from 1922-1945.	Horace Tennyson O'Rourke	1963
date of death	Mark Hiddesley or Hildesley (1698--1772) was an Anglican churchman.	Mark Hiddesley	1772
date of death	Adriaan Stoop (18 October 1856, Dordrecht -- 7 September 1935, Bloemendaal) was a Dutch oil explorer.	Adriaan Stoop	7 September 1935
date of death	Elahi Ardabili (Persian: الهی اردبیلی‎‎) (Kamāl al-Dīn Ḥusayn al-Ilāhī al-Ardabīlī, died 1543 CE) was an Iranian author and scholar.	Elahi Ardabili	1543
date of death	Aengus Finucane (26 April 1932 -- 6 October 2009) was a Roman Catholic missionary of the Spiritan Fathers order, who organized food shipments from Ireland to the Igbo people during the Nigerian Civil War.	Aengus Finucane	6 October 2009
date of death	Stanisław Bóbr-Tylingo (1919--2001) was a Polish-born historian who specialized in 19th-century Polish history, a Polish resistance fighter who after 1945 had to live his life in exile in Britain and Canada, and a decorated veteran of the Polish Warsaw Uprising in August--	Stanisław Bóbr-Tylingo	2001
date of death	Lester Balog (April 18, 1905 -- February 1976) was a labor activist and founding member of the Workers' Film & Photo League.	Lester Balog	February 1976
date of death	Paul Fabre (1867 -- 18 December 1902) was a French Canadian actor, theatre critic and journalist who was active in Paris in the 1890s.	Paul Fabre	18 December 1902
date of death	Tadhg Ó Donnchadha (1874 -- 1949) was an Irish writer, poet, editor, translator and a prominent member of the Gaelic League (Conradh na Gaeilge) and the Gaelic Athletic Association.	Tadhg Ó Donnchadha	1949
date of death	Gráinne Yeats (14 April 1925 - 18 April 2013) was an Irish harpist and singer, and also a historian of the Irish harp.	Gráinne Yeats	18 April 2013
date of death	Felice Schiavoni (1803 -- January 30, 1868) was an Italian painter, depicting history, genre, and portraits.	Felice Schiavoni	1868
date of death	Dorothy Osborne, Lady Temple (1627--1695) was a British writer of letters and wife of Sir William Temple, 1st Baronet.	Dorothy Osborne	1695
date of death	Saul Adadi (Hebrew: שאול אדאדי‎, 1850 -- September 18, 1918) was a Sephardi Hakham, rosh yeshiva, and paytan in the 19th-century Jewish community of Tripoli, Libya.	Saul Adadi	1918
date of death	Thomas Mansel, 1st Baron Mansel of Margam PC (c. 1668 -- 10 December 1723), sometimes referred to as Thomas Mansell, was a Welsh peer and Member of Parliament for Cardiff and Glamorgan.	Thomas Mansel, 1st Baron Mansel	10 December 1723
date of death	Apolinary Szeluto (23 July 1884 -- 22 August 1966) was a Polish pianist and composer of the Mloda Polska style.	Apolinary Szeluto	22 August 1966
date of death	Ken Aitken (25 June 1928 -- 3 June 2008) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ken Aitken	2008
date of death	John Ponsonby, 1st Viscount Ponsonby, GCB (1770 -- 22 February 1855) was a longtime British diplomat and politician.	John Ponsonby, 1st Viscount Ponsonby	22 February 1855
date of death	Patriarch Dorotheus IV Ibn Al-Ahmar (died 1611), sometime known also as Dorotheus V, was Melkite Patriarch of Antioch from 1604 to 1611.	Dorotheus IV Ibn Al-Ahmar	1611
date of death	Lajos Czinege (1924--1998) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, who served as Minister of Defence from 1960 to 1984.	Lajos Czinege	1998
date of death	Thomas Byng (or Bynge) (died 1599) was an English academic and lawyer, Master of Clare Hall, Cambridge from 1571.	Thomas Byng	1599
date of death	Benjamin Shapira (Hebrew: בנימין שפירא‎; 10 June 1913 -- 1993) was an Israeli biochemist.	Benjamin Shapira	1993
date of death	Mikkjel Hemmestveit (6 March 1863 -- 22 April 1957), was a Norwegian-American Nordic skier who shared the Holmenkollen medal with his brother, Torjus Hemmestveit in 1928.	Mikkjel Hemmestveit	22 April 1957
date of death	George Brosius (September 9, 1839 -- March 17, 1920) was a gymnastics teacher associated from 1854 to 1915 with the Milwaukee Turnverein.	George Brosius	1920
date of death	Martha Neumark (1904--1981) was an important figure in the history of women's ordination as rabbis.	Martha Neumark	1981
date of death	Ali Iman Sharmarke (Somali: Cali Imaan Sharmaarke, Arabic: علي ايمان شرماركي‎) (b. 1956/1957-d. 11 August 2007) was a Somali-Canadian journalist, civil servant and philanthropist.	Ali Iman Sharmarke	11 August 2007
date of death	Thomas Dillon, 4th Viscount Dillon (1615--1672) was an Irish peer.	Thomas Dillon, 4th Viscount Dillon	1672
date of death	Rosa Valetti (17 March 1878 -- 10 December 1937), born Rosa Vallentin, was a German actress, cabaret performer and singer.	Rosa Valetti	10 December 1937
date of death	Barbara Blaugdone (c. 1609--1704) was an English Quaker preacher, who left an autobiographical account of her travels, evangelism, and religious and political views.	Barbara Blaugdone	1704
date of death	Marie-Jeanne Renard du Bos (1701 -- 1730-1750), was a French engraver.	Marie-Jeanne Renard du Bos	1750
date of death	Charles Cutler Torrey (20 December 1863 -- 12 November 1956) was an American historian, archeologist and scholar who presented manuscripturial evidence to support alternate views on Christian and Islamic religious sources and origins.	Charles Cutler Torrey	12 November 1956
date of death	Nirmal Chandra Jain (24 October 1924 -- 22 September 2003) was an Indian Politician.He was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of Indian Parliament from Seoni in Madhya Pradesh in 1977 as a candidate of the Janata Party.	Nirmal Chandra Jain	22 September 2003
date of death	John Medley, (19 December 1804 -- 9 September 1892), was a Church of England clergyman who became the first bishop of Fredericton in 1845.	John Medley	9 September 1892
date of death	Pandit Lachhu Maharaj (1907-1978) was an Indian classical dancer and choreographer of Kathak.	Lachhu Maharaj	1978
date of death	Will Ingwersen (7 May 1905 -- 14 June 1990), nurseryman and alpine specialist of renown.	Will Ingwersen	14 June 1990
date of death	General Sir Edmund Haythorne KCB (1818 -- 18 October 1888) was a British Army officer who served as Adjutant-General in India.	Edmund Haythorne	1888
date of death	Dr. José María Marxuach Echavarría (baptized as José Monserrate Marxuach Echavarría) (April 16, 1848 -- 1910), was a medical doctor and politician who served twice as Mayor of the City of San Juan, Puerto Rico.	José María Marxuach Echavarría	1910
date of death	Evripidis Bakirtzis (Greek: Ευριπίδης Μπακιρτζής; 16 January 1895 -- 9 March 1947), born in Kozani (or according to other sources in Serres), Ottoman Empire, was a Hellenic Army officer and politician.	Evripidis Bakirtzis	9 March 1947
date of death	Paolo Animuccia (died 1563) was a Renaissance Italian composer.	Paolo Animuccia	1563
date of death	Misael Acosta Solís (Ambato, December 16, 1910 -- Quito, April, 1994) was an Ecuadorian naturalist.	Misael Acosta Solís	1994
date of death	Carlo Tessarini (1690 -- after 15 December 1766), was an Italian composer and violinist in the late Baroque era.	Carlo Tessarini	15 December 1766
date of death	Antônio Augusto Borges de Medeiros (19 November 1863 -- 25 April 1961) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician, and the President of Rio Grande do Sul for a total of 35 years (1898--1908 and 1913--1928), during the period of Brazilian history known as the República Velha.	Borges de Medeiros	25 April 1961
date of death	On 22 October 1999, Dr Hudson Silva died in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Hudson Silva	1999
date of death	Harry Powditch (21 May 1894 -- 21 January 1963) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Powditch	21 January 1963
date of death	Thomas Lee Ballenger (December 22, 1882 -- November 8, 1987) was a historian, author and teacher.	Thomas Lee Ballenger	1987
date of death	Anthony Keck (1726--1797) was an 18th-century English architect with an extensive practice in Gloucestershire, Worcestershire, Herefordshire and South Wales.	Anthony Keck	1797
date of death	Philip Braham (18 June 1881 -- 2 May 1934) was an English composer of the early twentieth century, chiefly associated with theatrical work.	Philip Braham	2 May 1934
date of death	Sir John Charles Clegg (15 June 1850 -- 26 June 1937), better known as Charles Clegg, was an English footballer and later both chairman and president of the Football Association.	John Charles Clegg	26 June 1937
date of death	Henry Bromfield (c. 1610 -- 19 February 1683) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.	Henry Bromfield	1683
date of death	Frank Macky (19 December 1891 -- 29 December 1975) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University.	Frank Macky	29 December 1975
date of death	Adolphe Gutmann (originally Wilhelm Adolf Gutmann) (12 January 1819 -- 22 October 1882) was a German pianist and composer who was a pupil and friend of Frédéric Chopin.	Adolphe Gutmann	22 October 1882
date of death	Flann Ua Aedha, Abbot of Aran, died 1110.	Flann Ua Aedha	1110
date of death	Albert Wassell (14 June 1892 -- 27 April 1975) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket in seven matches for Warwickshire in 1923.	Albert Wassell	27 April 1975
date of death	Dilys Laye (11 March 1934 -- 13 February 2009) was an English actress and screenwriter, best known for comedy roles.	Dilys Laye	13 February 2009
date of death	Frank Broadstreet Carvell, PC (14 August 1862 -- 9 August 1924) was a Canadian lawyer, businessman, and politician.	Frank Broadstreet Carvell	9 August 1924
date of death	Alan Blackshaw OBE (7 April 1933 -- 4 August 2011) was an English mountaineer, skier and civil servant who was President of the Alpine Club from 2001 to 2004 and President of the Ski Club of Great Britain from 1997 to 2003.	Alan Blackshaw	4 August 2011
date of death	Alexandre Joseph Sosnowsky, (1937 -- 3 December 2013), better known by the name Sacha Sosno, was an internationally renowned French sculptor and painter.	Sacha Sosno	3 December 2013
date of death	Col Davey (29 June 1927 -- 20 July 2013) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Col Davey	20 July 2013
date of death	Robert D'Silva (7 June 1925 -- 15 October 2015) was a Pakistani Roman Catholic prist.	Robert D'Silva	15 October 2015
date of death	Catherine Littlefield (1908 -- 1951) was an American ballerina, choreographer, and artistic director.	Catherine Littlefield	1951
date of death	Miguel Ahumada Sauceda (1844-1917) served as the Governor of Chihuahua and Jalisco.	Miguel Ahumada	1917
date of death	Leonte Răutu (until 1945 Lev Nikolayevich (Nicolaievici) Oigenstein; February 28, 1910 -- 1993) was a Bessarabian-born Romanian communist activist and propagandist.	Leonte Răutu	1993
date of death	Sir John Rous, 1st Baronet (c 1608 - 27 November 1670) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1670.	Sir John Rous, 1st Baronet	27 November 1670
date of death	Consort Song (宋貴人, personal name unknown) (died 82), posthumous title Empress Jingyin (敬隱后, literally ``the respectful and hidden empress''), was an imperial consort for Emperor Zhang of Han who was the victim of palace intrigue at the hands of Emperor Zhang's wife Empress Dou.	Consort Song	82
date of death	Margaret Llewelyn Davies (1861--1944) was the general secretary of the Co-operative Women's Guild from 1899 until 1921.	Margaret Llewelyn Davies	1944
date of death	Salvatore Fontana (Venice, c. 1550s - 1590) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, a minor pupil of Cesare Nebbia active mainly in Rome.	Salvatore Fontana	1590
date of death	Hedwig of Kalisz (Polish: Jadwiga Bolesławówna; 1266 -- 10 December 1339) was the second of three daughters born to Boleslaw the Pious and Saint Yolanda of Hungary.	Hedwig of Kalisz	10 December 1339
date of death	Jacques-Alexandre Laffon de Ladebat (2 January 1719 -- 18 November 1797) was one of the most important shipbuilders and merchants of the port of Bordeaux in the late 18th century.	Jacques-Alexandre Laffon de Ladebat	18 November 1797
date of death	Elisabeth of Oettingen also known as Elizabeth of Leuchtenberg (born: c. 1360; died: 9 July 1406) was a member of the House of Oettingen-Wallerstein by birth.	Elisabeth of Oettingen	9 July 1406
date of death	Enrico Rocca (b. Turin, 21 April 1847 -- Genova, 9 June 1915) was an Italian violin maker of the 19th and the 20th Centuries and son of Giuseppe Rocca.	Enrico Rocca	9 June 1915
date of death	Blessed Maria Bolognesi (21 October 1924 -- 30 January 1980) was a Roman Catholic Italian layperson.	Maria Bolognesi	1980
date of death	Judocus de Vos (1661--1734) was a Flemish weaver.	Judocus de Vos	1734
date of death	Arthur Shoosmith (1888 - 1974) was an English architect who emigrated to India and worked for a time on behalf of the well-known English architect Sir Edwin Lutyens.	Arthur Shoosmith	1974
date of death	Aylmer Buesst (28 January 1883 -- 3 January 1970) was an Australian conductor, teacher and scholar, who spent his career in the United Kingdom.	Aylmer Buesst	3 January 1970
date of death	Louise Duprey (1957-February 2000) was a British character actress, best known for her 1993 stint as shop girl Amy Nelson in ITV1's soap opera, Coronation Street.	Louise Duprey	February 2000
date of death	Ernest Prater (1864--1950) was a noted English artist and book illustrator, notable also for his work as a war correspondent and reportage artist during the Anglo-Boer War.	Ernest Prater	1950
date of death	Sybil Arundale (20 June 1879 -- 5 September 1965) was an English stage and film actress born Sybil Kelly.	Sybil Arundale	5 September 1965
date of death	Huang Wei (Chinese: 黃維; 1904--1989) was a Chinese Nationalist military general who fought in the Encirclement Campaigns, Second Sino-Japanese War and Chinese Civil War.	Huang Wei	1989
date of death	Reginald Hankey (3 November 1832 - 25 August 1886) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1853 to 1860.	Reginald Hankey	25 August 1886
date of death	Giovanni Stefano Marucelli (1586 - c. 1646) was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period, active in Tuscany, including Florence and Pisa.	Giovanni Stefano Marucelli	1646
date of death	Charlie Backhouse (died 5 August 1925) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFA between 1891 and 1905 for the Richmond Football Club.	Charlie Backhouse	5 August 1925
date of death	Reinhold Tiling (13 June 1893 -- 11 October 1933) was a German engineer, pilot and a rocket pioneer.	Reinhold Tiling	11 October 1933
date of death	Jon Eriksson Helland II (1849--1869) was a Norwegian Hardanger fiddle maker from Bø in Telemark.	Jon Eriksson Helland II	1869
date of death	Sir Francis Arthur Vick (5 June 1911 -- 2 September 1998) was a physicist and university administrator.	Arthur Vick	2 September 1998
date of death	Helen Frances Gregor CM (28 June 1921 - 25 May 1989) was a Czechoslovakian-Canadian artist who specialised in textile art. She was born in Prague in Czechosolvakia, the daughter of Fred and Lily Lorenz.	Helen Frances Gregor	25 May 1989
date of death	Ernst Detlof von Krassow, Swedish noble and military commander, born around 1660, dead 23 January 1714, freiherr (1707).	Ernst Detlof von Krassow	23 January 1714
date of death	Jan Achacy Kmita (died 1624) was a Polish poet and translator from Bochnia.	Jan Achacy Kmita	1624
date of death	George Jensen (9 August 1878 -- 4 October 1977), is an artist of Danish descent born in Port Clinton, Ohio.	George Jensen	4 October 1977
date of death	Jure Grando Alilovič or Giure Grando (1579 - 1656) was a villager from the region of Istria in modern day Croatia) who may have been the first real person described as a vampire in historical records.	Jure Grando	1656
date of death	Ubaldo Giraldi (1692--1775), also known by the Latin name Ubaldus A Sancto Cajetano, was an Italian canonist.	Ubaldo Giraldi	1775
date of death	Cui Huan (崔渙) (died January 14, 769) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor briefly during the reign of Emperor Suzong--although he was commissioned by Emperor Suzong's father Emperor Xuanzong, not Emperor Suzong.	Cui Huan	769
date of death	David Keilin FRS (21 March 1887 -- 27 February 1963) was an entomologist, among other things.	David Keilin	27 February 1963
date of death	Henry St George, the younger (1625--1715), was an English Officer of arms.	Henry St George, the younger	1715
date of death	Marye Dahnke (August 1897-February 1980) was an American home economist who worked for the Kraft Foods corporation, one of the first women to work in the food industry in that role.	Marye Dahnke	February 1980
date of death	Domenico Mariani (3 April 1863 -- 23 April 1939) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was President of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See.	Domenico Mariani	23 April 1939
date of death	Andrew Chan (Chinese: 陳子維; Jyutping: Can4 Zi2 Wai4; 12 January 1984 -- 29 April 2015) was an Australian who was convicted and executed in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine.	Andrew Chan	29 April 2015
date of death	Maurits Binger (5 April 1868 -- 9 April 1923) was a Dutch film director, producer and screenwriter of the silent era.	Maurits Binger	9 April 1923
date of death	Edward Magruder Tutwiler (October 13, 1846 -- April 19, 1925) was an American industrialist and civil engineer who was a leading businessman in Birmingham, Alabama.	Edward Magruder Tutwiler	1925
date of death	Li Tai (Chinese: 李泰; pinyin: Lǐ Tài; 618 -- December 15, 652), courtesy name Huibao (惠褒), nickname Qingque (青雀), formally Prince Gong of Pu (濮恭王), was an imperial prince of the Chinese Tang Dynasty.	Li Tai	652
date of death	Sulṭāna Taj ul-Alam Safiatuddin Syah (1612 -- 23 October 1675; born Putri Sri Alam) was the fourteenth ruler of Aceh.	Taj ul-Alam	1675
date of death	György Berencsi 3rd (4 December 1941 -- 25 April 2013) was a Hungarian virologist.	György Berencsi	25 April 2013
date of death	Pierre-Louis Billaudèle ( 20 November 1796 -- 19 October 1869) was a priest from, and educated in, France who spent over 30 years of his service in Canada.	Pierre-Louis Billaudèle	19 October 1869
date of death	Karel Lamač (27 January 1897 -- 2 August 1952) was a Czech film director, actor, screenwriter and producer.	Karel Lamač	2 August 1952
date of death	Sir Maziere Brady, 1st Baronet PC (20 July 1796 -- 13 April 1871) was an Irish judge, notable for his exceptionally long, though not very distinguished, tenure as Lord Chancellor of Ireland.	Maziere Brady	13 April 1871
date of death	Radvila Astikas or Astikaitis (baptized Nicholas; Polish: Radziwiłł Ościkowicz; died in 1477) was a magnate, a member of the Astikai and founder of the Radvila (Radziwiłł) family.	Radvila Astikas	1477
date of death	George Fletcher Moore (10 December 1798 -- 30 December 1886) was a prominent early settler in colonial Western Australia, and ``one (of) the key figures in early Western Australia's ruling elite'' (Cameron, 2000).	George Fletcher Moore	30 December 1886
date of death	William Wedd Tuxford (ca.1826 -- 28 January 1878) was a parliamentarian and agricultural machinery dealer in the early days of the Colony of South Australia.	William Wedd Tuxford	28 January 1878
date of death	Aylmer Bourke Lambert (2 February 1761 -- 10 January 1842) was a British botanist, one of the first fellows of the Linnean Society.	Aylmer Bourke Lambert	10 January 1842
date of death	Tore Forslund (26 February 1927--15 March 2000), also known as Spökprästen (``the ghostpriest''), was a writer, poet, Lutheran priest, street musician, and editor of the magazine A Voice Crying in the Wilderness, that he founded 1957.	Tore Forslund	15 March 2000
date of death	Major Sir Lord Nicholas Gosselin (before 1866 -- 4 February 1917) was an Irish military officer and intelligence agent.	Nicholas Gosselin	4 February 1917
date of death	Alex F. T. W. Rosenberg (1926--2007) was a German-American mathematician who served as the editor of the Proceedings of the American Mathematical Society from 1960 to 1965, and of the American Mathematical Monthly from 1974 to 1976.	Alex F. T. W. Rosenberg	2007
date of death	Robert Galbraith Heath (9 May 1915 -- 24 September 1999) was an American psychiatrist.	Robert Galbraith Heath	24 September 1999
date of death	Norm Sexton (12 February 1903 -- 21 October 1952) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Sexton	21 October 1952
date of death	Edward Acquah (23 July 1935 -- 5 October 2011) was a Ghanaian footballer striker.	Edward Acquah	5 October 2011
date of death	John Henry Whitley (8 February 1866 -- 3 February 1935), often known as J. H. Whitley, was a British politician and Georgist.	John Henry Whitley	3 February 1935
date of death	Charles Ansorge (born in Spiller(?), Silesia, Germany, in 1817; died in Chicago, 28 October 1866) was a German-born musician and composer who, as a Forty-Eighter, emigrated to the United States and worked for a time there also.	Charles Ansorge	28 October 1866
date of death	Teresa Luisa Gardi (22 October 1769 -- 1 January 1837) was an Italian Roman Catholic and a member of the Secular Franciscan Order.	Teresa Luisa Gardi	1 January 1837
date of death	Edward Welchman (1665--1739) was an English churchman, known as a theological writer.	Edward Welchman	1739
date of death	Marco Pantani (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmarko panˈtaːni); 13 January 1970 -- 14 February 2004) was an Italian road racing cyclist, widely considered one of the best climbers of his era in professional road bicycle racing.	Marco Pantani	14 February 2004
date of death	Min Lu (Burmese: မင်းလူ; 18 May 1954 -- 14 August 2013) was a Burmese writer.	Min Lu	14 August 2013
date of death	On 30 October 1972, at approximately 13:00, eight-year-old Cengaver Katrancı, together with a friend, were feeding swans on the River Spree (Gröbenufer street, currently May-Ayim-Ufer).	Cengaver Katrancı	30 October 1972
date of death	Rabbi Joseph ben Mordechai Gershon HaKohen Ka``tz (1510 in Cracow -- 1591), a kohen by birth, rabbi and Talmudist, began his studies in the Talmud at an early age, and became the rosh yeshivah founded for him by his father-in-law.	Joseph ben Mordechai Gershon	1591
date of death	Jørgen Ryg (11 August 1927 -- 28 August 1981) was a Danish comedian, jazz musician (trumpet) and actor.	Jørgen Ryg	28 August 1981
date of death	Princess Elisabeth Maria of Bavaria (baptised Elisabeth Maria Anna Henriette Josepha Sophie Amalia Ferdinanda Ludovika Antonia Theresia Kreszentia Ala Ghislane) (10 October 1913 -- 3 March 2005) was a German princess of the House of Wittelsbach.	Princess Elisabeth Maria of Bavaria	3 March 2005
date of death	Thomas Tod Stoddart (1810--1880) was a Scottish angler and poet.	Thomas Tod Stoddart	1880
date of death	Acee Blue Eagle (17 August 1907 -- 18 June 1959), also named Alex C. McIntosh, Chebon Ahbulah (Laughing Boy), and Lumhee Holot-Tee (Blue Eagle), was a Muscogee Creek-Pawnee-Wichita artist, educator, dancer, and flute player.	Acee Blue Eagle	18 June 1959
date of death	Ivan Skoropadsky (Ukrainian: Іван Скоропадський) (1646 -- 3 July 1722) was a Hetman of Zaporizhian Host, and the successor to the famous Hetman Ivan Mazepa.	Ivan Skoropadsky	3 July 1722
date of death	Kawleikgyin Ne Win (Burmese: ကောလိပ်ဂျင်နေဝင်း, pronounced: (kɔ̀lèdʑɪ̀ɴ nè wɪ́ɴ); 1 October 1928 -- 2 June 1983) was a two-time Burmese Academy Award winning Burmese film actor and director.	Kawleikgyin Ne Win	2 June 1983
date of death	Wrhwant, Gurwant, Gurwent or Gurvand (Latin: Vurfandus) (died 876) was a claimant to the Duchy of Brittany from 874 until his death in opposition to Pascweten, Count of Vannes.	Gurvand	876
date of death	Chris Kennedy (1 December 1948 -- 27 August 2013) was an Australian AFI Award winning film director, film writer, producer and novelist.	Chris Kennedy	27 August 2013
date of death	Richard FitzNeal (or FitzNigel; c. 1130 -- 10 September 1198), sometimes called Richard of Ely, was a churchman and bureaucrat in the service of Henry II of England.	Richard FitzNeal	10 September 1198
date of death	Loredana Marcello (12 December 1572) was a Dogaressa of Venice by marriage to the Doge Alvise I Mocenigo (r. 1570-1577).	Loredana Marcello	12 December 1572
date of death	Alan Killigrew (27 January 1918 -- 10 June 2001) was an Australian rules footballer who went on to a celebrated career as senior coach in the Victorian Football League (VFL), South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and West Australian National Football League (WANFL).	Alan Killigrew	10 June 2001
date of death	Dr. Velen Fanderlik (1907--1985) was Chairman of the Czechoslovakian Scouting organization Junák, and later served on the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1947 until 1951.	Velen Fanderlik	1985
date of death	Sally Salisbury (c.1692 -- 1724), real name Sarah Pridden and also known as Sarah Priddon, was a celebrated prostitute in early 18th-century London.	Sally Salisbury	1724
date of death	Dionies Vos (1612 -- 25 October 1633), often known by his Latin name Dionysius Vossius, was a Dutch translator.	Dionysius Vossius	25 October 1633
date of death	João Rodrigues da Câmara (c.1460 -- 1502), son of Rui Gonçalves da Câmara, who became the second Captain-Donatário of the island of São Miguel.	João Rodrigues da Câmara	1502
date of death	James Ockenden (July 1885 -- 30 November 1949) was an English professional golfer.	James Ockenden	30 November 1949
date of death	Blanche Coleman (28 February 1910 -- 22 April 2008) was a British musician, the bandleader of the renowned Blanche Coleman And Her All Girls Band, one of the first women's bands of the 1940s.	Blanche Coleman	22 April 2008
date of death	Dame Mildred Betty Ridley DBE (10 September 1909 -- 1 August 2005) was a leading figure in the life of the Church of England from the 1960s into the 1980s, serving as Third Church Estates Commissioner from 1972 until 1981, the first woman to hold the post.	Betty Ridley	1 August 2005
date of death	Renatus Harris (ca. 1652 - 1724) was a master organ maker in England in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries.	Renatus Harris	1724
date of death	Mehmed Ziya Gökalp (23 March 1876 -- 25 October 1924) was a Turkish sociologist, writer, poet, and political activist.	Ziya Gökalp	25 October 1924
date of death	Anne Elizabeth Baker (16 June 1786 - 22 April 1861) was a philologist, historian and illustrator of Northampton, England.	Anne Elizabeth Baker	1861
date of death	Maharao Pragmalji II, GCSI (1839−1875) (reign: 1860-1875) was the Rao of Princely State of Cutch, a ruler of Jadeja dynasty who ascended the throne upon death of his father & king Rao Deshalji II on 26 July 1860 and ruled till his death on 19 December 1875.	Pragmalji II	1875
date of death	William Henry Charsley (1820 -- 2 November 1900) was an English academic, Master of Charsley's Hall, Oxford from 1865 to 1891.	William Henry Charsley	2 November 1900
date of death	Sophie el Goulli (4 February 1932 -- 10 October 2015) was a Tunisian writer and art historian.	Sophie el Goulli	10 October 2015
date of death	Tolia Nikiprowetzky (12 or 25 September 1916 -- 5 May 1997) was a French composer and musicologist of Russian birth.	Tolia Nikiprowetzky	5 May 1997
date of death	Ingrid Bergman (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈɪŋːrɪd ˈbærjman); 29 August 1915 -- 29 August 1982) was a Swedish actress who starred in a variety of European and American films.	Ingrid Bergman	29 August 1982
date of death	Sir William Fordyce (1724--1792) was a Scottish physician.	William Fordyce	1792
date of death	Arius (Berber: Aryus ; Ancient Greek: Ἄρειος, AD 250 or 256--336) was a Christian presbyter and ascetic of Libyan birth, possibly of Berber extraction, and priest in Alexandria, Egypt, of the church of the Baucalis.	Arius	336
date of death	Bülent Arel (23 April 1919 -- 24 November 1990) was a Turkish-born composer of contemporary classical music and electronic music.	Bülent Arel	24 November 1990
date of death	Jack Hadlington (16 August 1933 -- August 2015) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Walsall.	Jack Hadlington	August 2015
date of death	Wang Guowei (Chinese: 王國維; 2 December 1877 -- 2 June 1927), courtesy name Jing'an (靜安) or Baiyu (伯隅), was a Chinese scholar, writer and poet.	Wang Guowei	2 June 1927
date of death	Rupert Kniele (1844--1911) was a German volapükist and volapükologist.	Rupert Kniele	1911
date of death	Prof Daniel Fowler Cappell CBE FRSE LLD (28 February 1900 -- 13 February 1976) was a leading Scottish physician and pathologist.	Daniel Fowler Cappell	1976
date of death	Eosterwine (or Easterwine) (650 -- 7 March 686) was the second Anglo-Saxon Abbot of Wearmouth in Northumbria (England).	Eosterwine	686
date of death	Sir Peter Nicol Russell (4 July 1816 -- 10 July 1905) was an Australian foundry owner, philanthropist and university benefactor.	Peter Nicol Russell	10 July 1905
date of death	George Doukas Philanthropenos (Greek: Γεώργιος Δούκας Φιλανθρωπηνός; died before 1452) was a close confidant of Byzantine Emperor John VIII Palaiologos (r. 1425--1448) and served briefly as mesazon (chief minister) of the Byzantine Empire in 1438--1439.	George Doukas Philanthropenos	1452
date of death	Krokodeilos Kladas (Greek: Κροκόδειλος Κλαδάς, 1425--1490), also known as Korkodeilos, Krokondeilos, or Korkondelos, was a Greek military leader, specifically an armatolos, in the Morea (medieval Peloponnese) who fought against the Ottomans on behalf of the Republic of Venice during the latter 15th century.	Krokodeilos Kladas	1490
date of death	Else Werring, née Wilhelmsen (29 April 1905 -- 23 November 1989) was a Norwegian royal servant.	Else Werring	23 November 1989
date of death	George W. Jamieson (1810-1868) was an American actor and lapidary, born in Varick Street, New York.	George W. Jamieson	1868
date of death	Mustafa Murat Sökmenoğlu (31 January 1945 -- 20 June 2014) was a Turkish politician who was a parliamentary deputy from 1983 to 1989 and from 1999 to 2002.	Murat Sökmenoğlu	20 June 2014
date of death	Clotilde von Derp, stage name of Clotilde Margarete Anna Edle von der Planitz (5 November 1892 -- 11 January 1974), was a German expressionist dancer, an early exponent of modern dance.	Clotilde von Derp	11 January 1974
date of death	Koula Agagiotou (Greek: Κούλα Αγαγιώτου; 1915 -- 25 October 2006) was a Greek actress.	Koula Agagiotou	25 October 2006
date of death	John Thompson Charlton, also known as John Charlton Thompson (1826 -- 26 November 1878) was a politician in colonial Victoria (Australia), a member of the Victorian Legislative Council.	John Thompson Charlton	26 November 1878
date of death	Euphemia Lamb (c.1889--1957), born Nina Forrest, was an artists' model and the wife of Henry Lamb.	Euphemia Lamb	1957
date of death	Richard Mansfield (24 May 1857 -- 30 August 1907) was an English actor-manager best known for his performances in Shakespeare plays, Gilbert and Sullivan operas and for his portrayal of the dual title roles in Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.	Richard Mansfield	30 August 1907
date of death	Martim Mércio da Silveira (2 March 1911 - 16 August 1972), in Argentina better known as Martín Mercío Silveyra, was a Brazilian football player.	Martim Mércio da Silveira	16 August 1972
date of death	Ioannis Petridis (Greek: Ιωάννης Πετρίδης; 18 August 1931 -- 6 January 2016) was a Greek economist and politician.	Ioannis Petridis	6 January 2016
date of death	Abel Ingpen (20 May 1796, Chelsea -- 14 September 1854) was an English entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera.	Abel Ingpen	14 September 1854
date of death	Gerald McConnell (1931 -- June 14, 2004) was an American illustrator best known for his works on paperback books.	Gerald McConnell	2004
date of death	Eberhard von Brockhusen, (1869-1939), was a patron of the List society who lived at Langen in Brandenburg, Germany.	Eberhard von Brockhusen	1939
date of death	Timur Kacharava (Russian: Тиму́р Влади́мирович Качара́ва, Timur Vladimirovich Kacharava; Georgian: თემურ კაჭარავა, T’emur Kach’arava) (21 August 1985 -- 13 November 2005) was a Russian rock musician and anti-fascist activist of Georgian origin.	Timur Kacharava	13 November 2005
date of death	Julian Sas-Kuilovsky (Ukrainian: Куїловський Юліан; 1 May, 1826 -- 4 May, 1900) was the Metropolitan Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from 1899 until his death in 1900.	Julian Sas-Kuilovsky	4 May, 1900
date of death	Slimane Hadj Abderrahmane (5 August 1973 -- 2013) was a Danish citizen who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.	Slimane Hadj Abderrahmane	2013
date of death	Edouard Henri Mercier (1816 -- 1886) was the French ambassador to the United States from July 1860 through December 1863 during the American Civil War (1861--1865).	Henri Mercier	1886
date of death	Albert Vivian D'Costa (1904--1996) was an administrator and architect of the Indian Railways during its inception.	Albert Vivian D'Costa	1996
date of death	Charlotte Maria Tucker (8 May 1821 -- 2 December 1893) was a prolific writer and poet for children and adults, who wrote under the pseudonym A.L.O.E. (a Lady of England)	Charlotte Maria Tucker	2 December 1893
date of death	Johan Sems (1572 - January 1635), sometimes known as Johan Semp, was a Dutch cartographer, engineer and land surveyor.	Johan Sems	1635
date of death	Hamid Reza Chitgar (7 July 1949 - 19 May 1987, also known as Hamid Bahmani) was an exiled Iranian politician who lived in France after the Iranian Revolution and was assassinated in Austria by the Iranian government.	Hamid Reza Chitgar	19 May 1987
date of death	Al-Mu'tadid II (Arabic: المعتضد بالله‎) was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo, Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1414 and 1441.	Al-Mu'tadid II	1441
date of death	Osman Saqizli (Turkish: Sakızlı Osman Paşa, literally, Osman Pasha of Chios) (died 1672), (r.1649-72) was Dey and Pasha of Tripolis.	Osman Saqizli	1672
date of death	Paddington Mhondoro (27 September 1986 -- 13 March 2015) was a Zimbabwean cricketer who played a single limited-overs match for Mid West Rhinos during the 2013--14 season.	Paddington Mhondoro	13 March 2015
date of death	Maria Giuseppa Rossello, FdM (27 May 1811 -- 7 December 1880) was an Italian Religious Sister who founded the Daughters of Our Lady of Mercy.	Maria Giuseppa Rossello	7 December 1880
date of death	Thalun died on 19 October 1648, succeeded by his son Pindale.	Thalun	19 October 1648
date of death	Maria Chefaliady-Taban (4 November 1863 -- 11 June 1932) was a Romanian pianist, music educator and composer.	Maria Chefaliady-Taban	11 June 1932
date of death	Mieczysław Kościelniak (Polish pronunciation: (mjɛˈt͡ʂɨswaf kɔˈɕt͡ɕɛlɲak); born 29 January 1912 in Kalisz, died 5 March 1993 in Słupsk) was a Polish painter, graphic designer, and draftsman, brother of Władysław and Tadeusz Kościelniak.	Mieczysław Kościelniak	5 March 1993
date of death	Gabriel Furman (January 23, 1800 Brooklyn, Kings County, New York -- November 11, 1854 Brooklyn) was an American lawyer, historian and politician from New York.	Gabriel Furman	1854
date of death	Edward Gould Buffum (1820--1867) was born in Rhode Island to Arnold Buffum, a well known philanthropist in New England.	Edward Gould Buffum	1867
date of death	Urban Sea (February 18, 1989 -- 2 March 2009) was a French Thoroughbred racemare best known for winning France's most prestigious race in 1993 and for her importance as a world class broodmare.	Urban Sea	2 March 2009
date of death	Moritz Kellerhoven (1758 - 15 December 1830) was a German portrait painter and etcher.	Moritz Kellerhoven	15 December 1830
date of death	Turn-To (1951--1973) was a British-bred, American-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.	Turn-To	1973
date of death	Oil Kumar (1951--1990) aka ``Boot House Kumar'', ganglord and organized crime boss, headed the Bangalore underworld in the 1980s along with other notable figures such as M. P. Jayaraj and Kotwal Ramachandra.	Oil Kumar	1990
date of death	Robin Skelton (12 October 1925 -- 22 August 1997) was a British-born academic, writer, poet, and anthologist.	Robin Skelton	22 August 1997
date of death	Christine Goodwin (1937 -- 8 December 2014) was a British transgender rights activist who played a crucial role in forcing the UK government to introduce the Gender Recognition Act 2004.	Christine Goodwin	8 December 2014
date of death	Friedrich Schickendantz (also known as Federico Schickendantz) (15 January 1837-4 April 1896) was a German nationalized Argentine scientist who worked in the fields of mineralogy, chemistry, botany, geology, and meteorology.	Friedrich Schickendantz	4 April 1896
date of death	Doran William Cannon (1937--2005) was born in Toledo, Ohio, and graduated from Columbia College.	Doran William Cannon	2005
date of death	Rudolph Septimus Siegling (3 December 1839 -- 13 March 1894) was a Civil War veteran, legislator and prominent lawyer in Charleston, South Carolina.	Rudolph Septimus Siegling	13 March 1894
date of death	Sir Bennet Hoskyns, 1st Baronet (1609 -- 1680) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1640 and 1659.	Bennet Hoskyns	1680
date of death	Kenneth Goff (c. 1915 -- 1972) was a Christian Identity minister and anti-Communist crusader.	Kenneth Goff	1972
date of death	Jean Louis Marie Eugène Durieu (1800--1874) was an early French nude photographer, primarily known for his early nude photographs of men and women.	Jean Louis Marie Eugène Durieu	1874
date of death	John William Streets, better known as Will Streets (24 March 1886 -- 1 July 1916) was an English soldier and poet of the First World War.	Will Streets	1 July 1916
date of death	Alfredo Bravo (30 April 1925 -- 26 May 2003) was an Argentine Socialist politician, teacher, leader of the teachers' union CTERA, human rights fighter, and legislator.	Alfredo Bravo	26 May 2003
date of death	Carry Hauser, born Carl Maria Hauser (16 February 1895 -- 28 October 1985), was an Austrian painter, stage set designer and poet.	Carry Hauser	28 October 1985
date of death	Wilhelm Wirtinger (15 July 1865 -- 15 January 1945) was an Austrian mathematician, working in complex analysis, geometry, algebra, number theory, Lie groups and knot theory.	Wilhelm Wirtinger	15 January 1945
date of death	Billibellary died on 10 August 1846 of inflammation of the lungs, an ailment which killed many of his people in the period after contact with Europeans.	Billibellary	10 August 1846
date of death	Jonathan Gostelowe (1744 or 1745, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - 1795, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an 18th-century American cabinetmaker, best remembered for his Philadelphia Chippendale-style furniture.	Jonathan Gostelowe	1795
date of death	Renaat Braem (29 August 1910 -- 31 January 2001) was a leading Belgian architect and urban planner in the latter half of the twentieth century.	Renaat Braem	31 January 2001
date of death	Ini Kopuria (died 1945), a police officer from Maravovo, Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands formed the Melanesian Brotherhood in 1925.	Ini Kopuria	1945
date of death	Norm Stephenson (1 May 1879 -- 27 January 1936) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Stephenson	27 January 1936
date of death	James Kershaw (1795 -- 1864) was a British cotton mill owner and Liberal MP, associated with the Anti-Corn Law League.	James Kershaw	1864
date of death	Rafał Taubenschlag (Raphael Taubenschlag; 8 May 1881, in Przemyśl -- 25 June 1958, in Warsaw) was a Polish historian of law, a specialist in Roman law and papyrology.	Rafał Taubenschlag	25 June 1958
date of death	Jack Keily (6 August 1898 -- 2 February 1966) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Keily	2 February 1966
date of death	Francisc Panet or Paneth (1907--November 7, 1941) was a Romanian chemical engineer and communist activist executed by the pro-Nazi authorities during the Second World War.	Francisc Panet	1941
date of death	Borislav Traikovski (1917--1996) is a Macedonian painter.	Borislav Traikovski	1996
date of death	Richard Óge Burke, 7th lord of Clanricarde, died 1519.	Richard Óge Burke	1519
date of death	Vic Tandy (1955 -- 23 July 2005) was a British lecturer in information technology at Coventry University in Warwickshire and an engineer.	Vic Tandy	23 July 2005
date of death	Rev Dr Patrick Foley BA, DD (1857 -- 1926) was a Roman Catholic professor, priest and Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin.	Patrick Foley	1926
date of death	Wang Xianghao or Shianghao Wang (Chinese: 王湘浩; 5 May 1915 -- 4 May 1993) was a Chinese mathematician who introduced the Grunwald--	Wang Xianghao	1993
date of death	Warner Troyer (6 January 1932 -- 15 September 1991) was a Canadian broadcast journalist and writer.	Warner Troyer	15 September 1991
date of death	John Gadbury (1627--1704) was an English astrologer, and a prolific writer of almanacs and on other related topics.	John Gadbury	1704
date of death	Lilly Daché (10 October 1898 -- 31 December 1989) was a French milliner and fashion designer.	Lilly Daché	31 December 1989
date of death	Alexander Macdougall Cooke (17 October 1899 -- 5 January 1999) was a British doctor and academic at the University of Oxford.	Alexander Macdougall Cooke	5 January 1999
date of death	Obbe Philips (ca. 1500--1568) (also spelled Philipsz and Filips) was one of the early founders of Dutch Anabaptism.	Obbe Philips	1568
date of death	George Coventry, 3rd Baron Coventry (1628 -- 15 December 1680) was an English nobleman, the eldest son of Thomas Coventry, 2nd Baron Coventry and Mary Craven.	George Coventry, 3rd Baron Coventry	15 December 1680
date of death	Deng Tingzhen (Chinese: 鄧廷楨; pinyin: Dèng Tíngzhēn; Wade--Giles: Teng T'ing-chen; 1776--1846) was the Governor-General of Liangguang (Guangdong and Guangxi) from early 1836 until early 1840.	Deng Tingzhen	1846
date of death	Seán McGuinness (died 28 October 1978), also known as John McGuinness, was an Irish republican who was elected to Dáil Éireann but did not take his seat and was later disqualified.	Seán McGuinness	28 October 1978
date of death	Stephen Rowland Pierce F.R.I.B.A, F.S.A. (1896--1966) was an architect and town planning consultant.	Stephen Rowland Pierce	1966
date of death	Thomas McCall (1834--1904) was a Scottish cartwright.	Thomas McCall	1904
date of death	James Trubshaw (13 February 1777 -- 28 October 1853) was an English builder, architect and civil engineer.	James Trubshaw	28 October 1853
date of death	Nevena Kokanova (Bulgarian: Невена Коканова) (12 December 1938 -- 3 June 2000) was a Bulgarian film actress.	Nevena Kokanova	3 June 2000
date of death	Gary DeVore (September 17, 1941 -- June 28, 1997) was a Hollywood screenwriter best known for Raw Deal and for his bizarre death in 1997.	Gary DeVore	1997
date of death	Lü Wencheng (吕文成, pinyin: Lǚ Wénchéng, or Lui Man Sing in Cantonese) (1898-1981) was a Chinese composer and musician.	Lü Wencheng	1981
date of death	John MacNeil (1854-August 1896), was a Presbyterian author and evangelist in Australia.	John MacNeil	1896
date of death	Tage William-Olsson (8 June 1888 -- 22 August 1960) was a Swedish architect and chief town planning architect of Gothenburg.	Tage William-Olsson	22 August 1960
date of death	Florence Reeves (17 February 1894 -- 30 August 2005) was an English suffragette, civil servant and notable supercentenarian.	Florence Reeves	30 August 2005
date of death	George Spencer, 4th Duke of Marlborough, KG, PC, FRS (26 January 1739 -- 29 January 1817), styled Marquess of Blandford until 1758, was a British courtier and politician from the Spencer family.	George Spencer, 4th Duke of Marlborough	29 January 1817
date of death	Karl Glitscher (1886 -- 1945) was a German physicist who made contributions to quantum mechanics.	Karl Glitscher	1945
date of death	Anthony Greville-Bell DSO (7 March 1920 -- 4 March 2008) was an Australian-born officer who served in the Special Air Service during World War II and later a notable scriptwriter and sculptor.	Anthony Greville-Bell	4 March 2008
date of death	Eddie Pollack or Pollock (May 9, 1899 -- June 1955) was an American jazz saxophonist.	Eddie Pollack	1955
date of death	Krzysztof Perwanger (1700--1785) was a Polish sculptor and mayor.	Krzysztof Perwanger	1785
date of death	Hans de Jong (26 March 1932 -- 3 March 2011) was a Dutch sculptor, designer and ceramist.	Hans de Jong	3 March 2011
date of death	Les Laver (9 December 1900 -- 9 January 1982) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the late 1920s and early 1930s.	Les Laver	9 January 1982
date of death	Francesco Bordoni (1580--1654), also known as Francisque Bourdon, was an Italian sculptor who was active mainly in France.	Francesco Bordoni	1654
date of death	Henrik Hybertsson (or Hendrik Hubertsen) (died 1627) was a Dutchborn master shipbuilder working in the Stockholm navy yard in the early 17th century.	Henrik Hybertsson	1627
date of death	Hjalmar Stolpe (23 April 1841 -- 27 January 1905), was a Swedish entomologist, archaeologist, and ethnographer.	Hjalmar Stolpe	1905
date of death	Chung Chil-sung (1897--1958), also known by her pen name Geumjuk, was a Korean dancer, feminist, and independence activist.	Chung Chil-sung	1958
date of death	Sheikh Salahuddin Ahmed (10 February 1969 -- 29 October 2013) was a Bangladeshi international cricketer.	Sheikh Salahuddin	29 October 2013
date of death	Countess Magdalena Elisabeth of Hanau-Münzenberg (28 March 1611 -- 26 February 1687) was a German noblewoman.	Magdalena Elisabeth of Hanau	26 February 1687
date of death	Balthazar Korab (Hungarian: Koráb Boldizsár; 1926--2013) was a photographer based in Detroit, Michigan specializing in architectural, art and landscape photography.	Balthazar Korab	2013
date of death	Leif Schiller (4 April, 1939 - 21 October, 2007) was a Danish-born fashion and commercial photographer.	Leif Schiller	2007
date of death	Edgar Allison Peers (7 May 1891 -- 21 December 1952), also known by his pseudonym Bruce Truscot, was an English Hispanist and educationist.	Edgar Allison Peers	21 December 1952
date of death	Sir Rabindrah Ghurburrun (1928--2008) was the Vice President of Mauritius from 1992 to 1997.	Rabindrah Ghurburrun	2008
date of death	Robert Beatson, LL.D. FRSE FSA (1742-1818) was a Scottish compiler and miscellaneous writer.	Robert Beatson	1818
date of death	Eugen Miskolczy (Croatian: Miškolci: 16 January 1907 -- 18 January 1947) was Croatian physician, Partisan and Major in the Yugoslav People's Army.	Eugen Miskolczy	18 January 1947
date of death	Alexander Speirs (died 5 October 1844) was a Scottish politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1835 to 1841.	Alexander Speirs	5 October 1844
date of death	Mercedes Gleitze or Mercedes Carey (18 November 1900 -- 9 February 1981) was a British professional swimmer.	Mercedes Gleitze	9 February 1981
date of death	Punya Thitimajshima (9 November 1955 -- 9 May 2006), a Thai professor in the department of telecommunications engineering at King Mongkut's Institute of Technology at Ladkrabang, is the co-inventor with Claude Berrou and Alain Glavieux of a groundbreaking coding scheme called turbo codes.	Punya Thitimajshima	9 May 2006
date of death	James Scurry (1766--1822) was a British soldier and memoirist.	James Scurry	1822
date of death	Theobald the Elder (854-942) was a Norman Count of Chartres in medieval France.	Theobald the Elder	942
date of death	Luis Landa Escober (December 28, 1875 - 1977) was a Honduran academic, scientist and lawyer.	Luis Landa Escober	1977
date of death	Frank McClean FRS (1837--1904) was a British astronomer and pioneer of objective prism spectrography.	Frank McClean	1904
date of death	Ugolino Brunforte (c. 1262 -- c. 1348) was an Italian Friar Minor and chronicler.	Ugolino Brunforte	1348
date of death	Kostas Rigopoulos (1930 -- 14 January 2001) (Greek: Κώστας Ρηγόπουλος) was a Greek actor.	Kostas Rigopoulos	14 January 2001
date of death	John Saunders Taylor (February 23, 1875 -- 1958) was a college football player and coach as well as an attorney.	Saunders Taylor	1958
date of death	Johann Heinrich Schmelzer (c. 1620--1623 -- between 29 February and 20 March 1680) was an Austrian composer and violinist of the Baroque era.	Johann Heinrich Schmelzer	1680
date of death	Trevor Kent (24 April 1940 -- 4 November 1989) was an Australian theatre and television actor who achieved a level of public recognition in the 1980s.	Trevor Kent	4 November 1989
date of death	Richard Himber (20 February 1899 - 11 December 1966) was an American bandleader, composer, violinist, magician and practical joker.	Richard Himber	11 December 1966
date of death	Henry Eustace Guinness (22 September 1897 -- 19 February 1972) was an Irish banker and politician.	Henry Eustace Guinness	19 February 1972
date of death	Édouard Montpetit (1881--1954) was a Quebec lawyer, economist and academic.	Édouard Montpetit	1954
date of death	Pietro Gaspari (1720--1785) was an Italian artist, known for veduta and capriccio in etchings and paintings.	Pietro Gaspari	1785
date of death	Larry Rice (24 March 1946 -- 20 May 2009) was an American racing driver in the USAC and CART Championship Car series.	Larry Rice	20 May 2009
date of death	Arthur Hayley (birth registered April→June 1854 -- death registered January→March 1947 (aged 92)) birth registered in Wakefield district, was an English rugby union footballer of the 1880s, playing at representative level for Yorkshire, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity, death registered in Wakefield district.	Arthur Hayley	1947
date of death	William Edward Gumbleton (2 March 1840 -- 4 April 1911) was an eminent Irish horticulturist with at least one species (Arctotis gumbletonii) and two cultivars named after him.	William Edward Gumbleton	4 April 1911
date of death	Harry Austin (17 April 1892 -- 29 August 1968) was an English cricketer who played six first-class matches between the wars: four for Warwickshire in 1919, and two for Worcestershire in 1928.	Harry Austin	29 August 1968
date of death	Grete von Zieritz (10 March 1899 -- 26 November 2001) was an Austrian-German composer and pianist.	Grete von Zieritz	26 November 2001
date of death	Pope Marinus II (or Martin III; died May 946), was Pope from 30 October 942 to his death in 946.	Pope Marinus II	May 946
date of death	Thomas Jeffery Parker F.R.S. (17 October 1850 -- 7 November 1897) was a zoologist who worked in New Zealand.	Thomas Jeffery Parker	7 November 1897
date of death	William Hacket, also known as Hackett (died 1591), was an English puritan and religious fanatic, who claimed to be a messiah and called for the removal of Queen Elizabeth I. He was executed in London after being found guilty of treason.	William Hacket	1591
date of death	Yun Gwan (12 July 1040 - 15 June 1111) was a general of Goryeo who was known for training a seventeen-thousand man army and leading it to victory against the Jurchens tribes.	Yun Gwan	15 June 1111
date of death	Jan Konopacki (born ? - died April 23, 1530 in Lubawa) - Bishop of Culm (Chełmno) (1508-1530), Treasury of the King of Poland, Provost of Malbork.	Jan Konopacki	1530
date of death	John Stilley Carpenter (11 February 1849 at Centreville, Delaware -- 3 January 1925 at Kanab, Utah) was a pioneer settler of Utah and fifth bishop of the LDS Church in Glendale, Utah (Kanab Stake) in Kane County, Utah.	John Stilley Carpenter	3 January 1925
date of death	Senjee Pulney Andy (1831 -- September 1909), also known by name S. Parani Andi or S. Parani Andy, was a doctor by profession and, in 1860, became the first Indian to receive a British medical degree.	Pulney Andy	September 1909
date of death	Aripert II (also spelled Aribert) was the king of the Lombards from 701 to 712.	Aripert II	712
date of death	Werner Naumann (16 June 1909 -- 25 October 1982) was State Secretary in Joseph Goebbels' Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda during the Third Reich.	Werner Naumann	25 October 1982
date of death	Norah Hoult (10 September 1898 -- 6 April 1984) was an Irish writer of novels and short stories.	Norah Hoult	6 April 1984
date of death	Thomas Some D.D. (d. 5 May 1649) was a Canon of Windsor from 1622 to 1644	Thomas Some	5 May 1649
date of death	Scott Barchard Wilson (1865 - 1923) was a British ornithologist and explorer.	Scott Barchard Wilson	1923
date of death	Juan Pablos obtained the necessary patents and permissions to continue Cromberger's workshop as his own after the death of Cromberger in 1540, until his own death in 1560 or 1561, when he had printed at least 37 books.	Juan Pablos	1560
date of death	John Venning (1776--1858) was an English merchant, and a philanthropist interested in prison reform in Russia, where he was in business.	John Venning	1858
date of death	Yehoshua Rabinovitz (Hebrew: יהושע רבינוביץ‎, born 12 November 1911, died 14 August 1979) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister and mayor of Tel Aviv.	Yehoshua Rabinovitz	14 August 1979
date of death	Henry Dundas Trotter (1802--1859) was a Scottish officer of the Royal Navy, who reached the rank of rear-admiral.	Henry Dundas Trotter	1859
date of death	Reginald New born Lewisham, Kent (April 1902) -- died Beckenham, Kent (28 November 1958) was a popular UK theatre organist whose career spanned the 1920s through to the 1950s.	Reginald New	28 November 1958
date of death	Amasa Holcomb (1787 - 1875) was an American farmer, surveyor, civil engineer, businessman, and manufacturer of surveying instruments and telescopes.	Amasa Holcomb	1875
date of death	Ante Bakotić (14 June 1921 -- 22 April 1945) was a Croatian Partisan known for marking the beginning of the 1945 breakthrough from the Jasenovac concentration camp by shouting ``Forward, comrades!'.	Ante Bakotić	22 April 1945
date of death	Fryderyk Sapieha (before 1599 - 1650) was a Polish-Lithuanian noble from Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Fryderyk Sapieha	1650
date of death	Cao Chun (died 210), courtesy name Zihe, was a cavalry general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty.	Cao Chun	210
date of death	John Walley (died 1615), was an English politician.	John Walley	1615
date of death	Ralph Wheelock (1600--1683) was an English Puritan minister, American colonial public official, and educator.	Ralph Wheelock	1683
date of death	James Joseph Rowley (October 14, 1908 -- November 1, 1992) was the head of the United States Secret Service between 1961 and 1973, under Presidents Kennedy, Johnson, and Nixon.	James Joseph Rowley	1992
date of death	Joseph Maréchal (1 July 1878 -- 11 December 1944) was a Belgian Jesuit priest, philosopher, theologian and psychologist.	Joseph Maréchal	11 December 1944
date of death	Frederic Seebohm, Baron Seebohm, TD (18 January 1909 -- 15 December 1990), was a British banker, soldier and social work innovator.	Frederic Seebohm, Baron Seebohm	15 December 1990
date of death	Kiyoaki Saibara (1884--1972) and his father Seito Saibara are credited with much of the success of the Texas Gulf Coast rice crop.	Kiyoaki Saibara	1972
date of death	Trevor Roberts (25 February 1942 -- June 1972) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a Goalkeeper.	Trevor Roberts	June 1972
date of death	Fulk Bourchier, 10th Baron FitzWarin (25 October 1445 -- 18 September 1479) was the son and heir of William Bourchier, 9th Baron FitzWarin (1407-1470) and the father of John Bourchier, 1st Earl of Bath.	Fulk Bourchier, 10th Baron FitzWarin	18 September 1479
date of death	St Clare John Byrne (1831-1915) was a British naval architect, who specialized in the design of luxury yachts during the late Victorian and early Edwardian period.	St Clare John Byrne	1915
date of death	Ike Woods (20 August 1879 -- 28 September 1962) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ike Woods	28 September 1962
date of death	George Sondes, 1st Earl of Feversham KB (Nov 1599 -- 16 April 1677) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1626 and 1676 and was then created a peer and member of the House of Lords.	George Sondes, 1st Earl of Feversham	16 April 1677
date of death	William de Turbeville (or William Turbe; c. 1095 -- January 1174) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich.	William de Turbeville	January 1174
date of death	John Christie Wright (22 August 1889 -- 2 May 1917), generally referred to as J. Christie Wright, was a Scottish-born Australian sculptor.	John Christie Wright	2 May 1917
date of death	Sir Rupert Alfred Kettle (9 January 1817 -- 6 October 1894) was an English barrister and county court judge, involved in arbitration of trade disputes.	Rupert Alfred Kettle	6 October 1894
date of death	John Durang (6 January 1768 -- 31 March 1822) was the first native-born American to become known as a dancer.	John Durang	31 March 1822
date of death	Frederick Norton Cook DSC (20 February 1905 -- 1 August 1985), usually known as F. N. Cook was an officer of the Royal Australian Navy.	F. N. Cook	1 August 1985
date of death	Wiktor Tomir Drymmer (1896--1975) was a Polish Army colonel and intelligence officer.	Wiktor Tomir Drymmer	1975
date of death	Richard Neele, Knt., King's Serjeant KS (died 1486) was a British judge.	Richard Neele	1486
date of death	Jack Powers (John Power) (1827 -- November 1860) was an Irish born gambler, outlaw, highway-robber, gang leader, and murderer in southern and central California during the Gold Rush era.	Jack Powers	1860
date of death	Arthur Robert Hinks, CBE, FRS (26 May 1873 -- 14 April 1945) was a British astronomer and geographer.	Arthur Robert Hinks	14 April 1945
date of death	Alexander von Volborth/Aleksandr Fedorovich von Volborth (1800-1876), was a Russian palaeontologist.	Alexander von Volborth	1876
date of death	Sir George Speke, 2nd Baronet (1 October 1653 - 14 January 1683) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1675 and 1683.	Sir George Speke, 2nd Baronet	14 January 1683
date of death	Dr. Jay C. Smith (c. 1929 -- May 12, 2009) was a Pennsylvania high school principal who was convicted and sentenced to death in 1986 for the 1979 murder of Susan Reinert and her two children.	Jay C. Smith	2009
date of death	Josiah Fisher Bell (1820-October 1890) was the youngest son of Josiah Bell (for whom the Bell House is named) and his wife Mary.	Josiah Fisher Bell	October 1890
date of death	Nawab Kapur Singh (1697--1753) is considered one of the pivotal figures in Sikh history, under whose leadership the Sikh community traversed one of the darkest periods of its history.	Nawab Kapur Singh	1753
date of death	Frank Egginton (10 November 1908 -- 7 April 1990) was a British contemporary painter.	Frank Egginton	7 April 1990
date of death	Richard Clark Kroeger Jr. died 9 November 2010, Catherine Clark Kroeger on 14 February 2011.	Catherine Clark Kroeger	14 February 2011
date of death	Randle Ayrton (9 August 1869 -- 28 May 1940) was a British actor, producer and director.	Randle Ayrton	28 May 1940
date of death	Robert Clements, 1st Earl of Leitrim (25 November 1732 -- 27 July 1804) was an Irish nobleman and politician.	Robert Clements, 1st Earl of Leitrim	27 July 1804
date of death	Gian Paolo Iraldo (2 June 1943 - 17 August 2009) was an Italian sprinter, mainly specialized in 400 metres.	Gian Paolo Iraldo	17 August 2009
date of death	José Maria de Sousa Horta e Costa, CavA, OA, OSE (20 October 1858 -- 21 September 1927), also known as José Maria de Sousa Horta e Costa (de) Almeida e Vasconcelos, was a Portuguese soldier, politician, and diplomat.	José Maria de Sousa Horta e Costa	21 September 1927
date of death	J. H. Wallis (1885-1958) was a writer whose best-selling book Once Off Guard (in later publications it was called The Woman in the Window) was made into a film, The Woman in the Window (1944), directed by Fritz Lang.	J. H. Wallis	1958
date of death	James Edward Allen Gibbs (1829--1902) was a farmer, inventor, and businessman from Rockbridge County in the Shenandoah Valley in Virginia.	James Edward Allen Gibbs	1902
date of death	John O'Banion (16 February 1947 -- 14 February 2007) was an American vocalist and actor.	John O'Banion	14 February 2007
date of death	Henry Sidambarom (5 July 1863 -- 15 September 1952) was a Justice of the Peace and defender of the cause of Indian workers in Guadaloupe.	Henry Sidambarom	15 September 1952
date of death	Ernest Milton (7 August 1897 -- 2 September 1984) was an English footballer who played as a left or right back for Sheffield United in The Football League.	Ernest Milton	2 September 1984
date of death	Gladys Henson (27 September 1897 -- 21 December 1982) was a British actress whose career lasted from 1932 to 1976 and included roles on stage, radio, films and television series.	Gladys Henson	21 December 1982
date of death	Kapitein Broos (1821--1880) was a Surinamese freedom fighter.	Kapitein Broos	1880
date of death	Luca Pitti (1398--1472) was a Florentine banker during the period of the republic presided over by Cosimo de' Medici.	Luca Pitti	1472
date of death	Matthew Hamont (died 20 May 1579) was a Norfolk ploughwright, accused of heresy, who was burnt at the stake in Norwich Castle by the Church of England.	Matthew Hamont	20 May 1579
date of death	J. Bowyer Bell (15 November 1931 -- 23 August 2003) was an American historian, artist and art critic.	J. Bowyer Bell	23 August 2003
date of death	Juntree Siriboonrod (Thai: จันตรี ศิริบุญรอด; March 31, 1917 -- March 13, 1968) was a Thai novelist.	Juntree Siriboonrod	1968
date of death	Karl Jakob Weber (12 August 1712 -- 1764) was a Swiss architect and engineer who was in charge of the first organized excavations at Herculaneum, Pompeii and Stabiae, under the patronage of Charles III of Naples.	Karl Jakob Weber	1764
date of death	Robert Huish (1777 -- April 1850) was a prolific, but generally poorly regarded, English author of history books, novels, and miscellaneous other works.	Robert Huish	1850
date of death	Theophilus Enos Pike (25 March 1907 -- 26 October 1967), known as Tot Pike, was an English professional footballer who scored 33 goals in 123 appearances in the Football League playing for Fulham, Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic, Birmingham, Southend United and Norwich City.	Tot Pike	26 October 1967
date of death	Nasib al-Bakri (1888 -- 1966) was a Syrian politician and nationalist leader in the first half of the 20th century.	Nasib al-Bakri	1966
date of death	John Dibblee Crace (1838 -- 18 November 1919) was a distinguished British interior designer who provided decorative schemes for the British Museum, the National Gallery, the Royal Academy, Tyntesfield and Longleat among many other notable buildings.	John Dibblee Crace	18 November 1919
date of death	William Carstares (also Carstaires) (11 February 1649 -- 28 December 1715), was a minister of the Church of Scotland, active in Whig politics.	William Carstares	28 December 1715
date of death	Eduardo Neumann Gandía (1852 -- 1913), was one of Puerto Rico's most accomplished historians.	Eduardo Neumann Gandía	1913
date of death	Shō Gen (尚元) (1528--1572) was king of the Ryūkyū Kingdom from 1556 to 1572.	Shō Gen	1572
date of death	Elisha John Durbin (February 1, 1800 in Madison County, Kentucky -- 1887 at Shelbyville, Kentucky) was an American Roman Catholic priest, known as the ``patriarch-priest of Kentucky''.	Elisha John Durbin	1887
date of death	Laura Martinozzi (27 May 1639 -- 19 July 1687) was a Duchess consort of Modena.	Laura Martinozzi	19 July 1687
date of death	Publius Atilius Aebutianus (died 188) was a prefect of the Roman imperial bodyguard, known as the Praetorian Guard, during the reign of emperor Commodus, from 185 until his death in 188.	Publius Atilius Aebutianus	188
date of death	Sir Frank Trevor Roger Bigham, KBE, CB (22 May 1876 -- 23 November 1954), known as Sir Trevor Bigham, was an English barrister, an Assistant Commissioner of the London Metropolitan Police from 1914 to 1931, and Deputy Commissioner from 1931 to 1935.	Trevor Bigham	23 November 1954
date of death	Abu Abdallah Ya'qub ibn Dawud (died 802) was a close confidant of the Abbasid Caliph al-Mahdi (r. 775--785) and vizier of the Caliphate for a period of three years (779/80--782/3).	Ya'qub ibn Dawud	802
date of death	Friedrich Gulda (16 May 1930 -- 27 January 2000) was an Austrian pianist and composer who worked in both the classical and jazz fields.	Friedrich Gulda	27 January 2000
date of death	Frank Showell Styles (14 March 1908 -- 19 February 2005) was a Welsh writer and mountaineer.	Frank Showell Styles	19 February 2005
date of death	Giovanni Andrea Lampugnani (died 26 December 1476) was a member of the Milanese nobility and an assassin of Galeazzo Maria Sforza, the Duke of Milan.	Giovanni Andrea Lampugnani	26 December 1476
date of death	Gayle Williams (18 December 1973 -- 20 October 2008) was an aid worker for SERVE Afghanistan of joint British and South African nationality.	Gayle Williams	20 October 2008
date of death	Col. Samuel Thaxter (1665-1740), Hingham, Massachusetts, was one of the most prominent and influential citizens in Plymouth, New England.	Samuel Thaxter	1740
date of death	Bede Evelyn Dominick Elwes (24 August 1931 -- 5 September 1975) was an English portrait painter, credited as Dominick Elwes or Dominic Elwes, whose much publicized elopement with an heiress in 1957 created an international scandal.	Dominick Elwes	5 September 1975
date of death	Margaret of Brieg (1342--1386) was a daughter of Ludwik I the Fair and his wife, Agnes of Sagan.	Margaret of Brieg	1386
date of death	William Callister MHK (1808--1872) was a timber importer from Ramsey who became a Member of the House of Keys.	William Callister	1872
date of death	Charlotte Jay was the pseudonym adopted by Australian mystery writer and novelist, Geraldine Halls (17 December 1919 - 27 October 1996).	Charlotte Jay	27 October 1996
date of death	Eva Knardahl Freiwald (10 May 1927 -- 3 September 2006) was a Norwegian pianist, with a noted career both as a child prodigy and adult performer.	Eva Knardahl	3 September 2006
date of death	Noel Peverill (25 December 1907 -- 21 October 1997) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Noel Peverill	October 1997
date of death	Georg Joseph Beer (23 December 1763 -- 11 April 1821) was an Austrian ophthalmologist.	Georg Joseph Beer	11 April 1821
date of death	Tino Schirinzi (12 August 1934 - 18 August 1993), was an Italian actor and stage director.	Tino Schirinzi	18 August 1993
date of death	Thom Keyes (1949--1995), was a writer, of science fiction and screenplays.	Thom Keyes	1995
date of death	Sámal Pætursson Lamhauge, died 1752 in Lambi, Faroe Islands.	Sámal Pætursson Lamhauge	1752
date of death	Charles Burger Woodcock, created Freiherr Woodcock-Savage, later Charles Woodcock-Savage (1 May 1850 -- 26 June 1923) was a New Yorker who achieved notoriety as the lover of King Karl of Württemberg, by some decades his elder.	Charles Woodcock	26 June 1923
date of death	Heinrich Gontermann (25 February 1896 -- 30 October 1917) was a German First World War fighter ace credited with 39 victories during the war.	Heinrich Gontermann	30 October 1917
date of death	Aubrey de Vere, 1st Earl of Oxford (c. 1115 -- 26 December 1194) was a noble involved in the succession conflict between King Stephen and Empress Matilda in the mid-twelfth century.	Aubrey de Vere, 1st Earl of Oxford	26 December 1194
date of death	Meg Shelton (died 1705) known as the ``Fylde Hag'' was an English woman accused of witchcraft.	Meg Shelton	1705
date of death	David Austin Sayre (March 12, 1793 - September, 1870) was a prominent silversmith, banker and educator.	David Austin Sayre	September, 1870
date of death	Jack Stelling (23 May 1924 in Washington, England - March 1993) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back.	Jack Stelling	March 1993
date of death	Arne Kildal (10 December 1885 -- 7 December 1972) was a Norwegian author, librarian and civil servant.	Arne Kildal	7 December 1972
date of death	Francis Gwyn PC (1648 -- 14 June 1734), was a Welsh politician and official.	Francis Gwyn	14 June 1734
date of death	Tiberius Avidius Quietus (died by 107) was a Roman politician who flourished under the emperors Domitian, Nerva and Trajan.	Tiberius Avidius Quietus	107
date of death	Mick Falvey died following a short illness in the Mater Hospital on Wednesday, 20 December 2006.	Mick Falvey	2006
date of death	William Otto Adolph Julius Danckwerts KC (1853 -- 25 April 1914) was a noted British lawyer.	William Otto Adolph Julius Danckwerts	25 April 1914
date of death	Edgar Sanderson (1838--1907) was an English cleric, schoolteacher and historical writer.	Edgar Sanderson	1907
date of death	Pedro Sotillo (1902--1977) was a Venezuelan writer, journalist, and poet.	Pedro Sotillo	1977
date of death	George Molnar (1910--1998) was born in Nagyvarad, Romania but came to Australia in the late 1930s, where he practiced as a cartoonist.	George Molnar	1998
date of death	Henry Howard, 1st Earl of Northampton (25 February 1540 -- 15 June 1614) was an important English aristocrat and courtier.	Henry Howard, 1st Earl of Northampton	15 June 1614
date of death	Pope Innocent IV (Latin: Innocentius IV; c. 1195 -- 7 December 1254), born Sinibaldo Fieschi, was head of the Catholic Church from 25 June 1243 to his death in 1254.	Pope Innocent IV	7 December 1254
date of death	Itzquauhtzin (9 Reed (1475) -- 2 Flint (1520)) was a king (tlatoani) of Nahua altepetl Tlatelolco.	Itzquauhtzin	1520
date of death	Benjamin Bell of Hunthill FRSE FRCSEd (6 September 1749 -- 5 April 1806) is considered to be the first Scottish scientific surgeon.	Benjamin Bell	5 April 1806
date of death	Noel Dwyer (born 30 October 1934 in Dublin; died January 1993) was an Irish professional footballer.	Noel Dwyer	1993
date of death	Victor Schiøler was a Danish classical pianist (7 April 1899 -- 17 February 1967).	Victor Schiøler	17 February 1967
date of death	Tom Bendelow (1868--1936), nicknamed ``The Johnny Appleseed of American Golf'', was a prolific Scottish American golf course architect during the first half of the twentieth century.	Tom Bendelow	1936
date of death	Leverett Candee (1 June 1795 -- 27 November 1863) was an industrialist, businessman, and pioneer rubber manufacturer.	Leverett Candee	27 November 1863
date of death	John Inshaw (1807--1893) was a mechanic and inventor who lived in Aston, now a district of Birmingham, England.	John Inshaw	1893
date of death	Dr Antonie Viljoen (1858 - 26 October 1918) was an influential liberal Afrikaner politician and progressive farmer of the Cape Colony, South Africa.	Antonie Viljoen	26 October 1918
date of death	C. M. Sundaram (1919--2008) was minister for local administration in the Congress-led United Democratic Front (UDF) government in Kerala from 1982 to 1987.	C. M. Sundaram	2008
date of death	Marjorie Ogilvie Anderson (9 February 1909 -- 27 May 2002) was a Scottish historian and paleographer.	Marjorie Ogilvie Anderson	27 May 2002
date of death	Panna Cinka (Hungarian: Czinka Panna, Slovak: Panna Cinková) (1711(?) -- 1772) was a famous Hungarian-Romani violinist.	Panna Cinka	1772
date of death	Nicolaas Everaerts, also called Nicolaus Everardi (1461/62--1532) was a Dutch jurist and the father of Johannes Secundus, an acclaimed poet.	Nicolaas Everaerts	1532
date of death	Claude Loyola Allgén, officially Claude Johannes Maria Klas Thure Allgén; born 16 April 1920 in Calcutta, died 18 September 1990 in Täby, was a Swedish composer.	Claude Loyola Allgén	18 September 1990
date of death	Mal Drury (6 April 1910 -- 19 August 1993) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and West Torrens in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Mal Drury	19 August 1993
date of death	Newcome Cappe (21 February 1733 -- 24 December 1800), was an English unitarian divine.	Newcome Cappe	24 December 1800
date of death	James Joseph O'Kelly (1845 -- 22 December 1916) was an Irish nationalist journalist, politician and member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and as member of the Irish Parliamentary Party represented the Roscommon constituency between 1880 and 1916.	James Joseph O'Kelly	22 December 1916
date of death	James Habersham (c. 1712 -- 1775) was a pioneering merchant and statesman in the British North American colony of Georgia.	James Habersham	1775
date of death	Eoin MacWhite (1923--1972) was an Irish diplomat, archaeologist, and scholar.	Eoin MacWhite	1972
date of death	Manly Benson (27 April 1842 -- 20 July 1919) was a Methodist minister.	Manly Benson	20 July 1919
date of death	Jock Doherty (3 October 1894 -- 15 June 1957) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jock Doherty	15 June 1957
date of death	Cajemé / Kahe'eme (Yoeme or Yaqui Language for ``the one who does not stop to drink water'''), born José María Bonifacio Leiva Peres (also spelled Leyva, and Leyba) was a prominent Yaqui military leader who lived in the Mexican state of Sonora from 1835 to 1887.	Cajemé	1887
date of death	William Hook Morley (1815--1860) was an English barrister and orientalist.	William Hook Morley	1860
date of death	Ronnie Baker, also known as Ron Baker (1947-1990) was a famous record producer, bassist, arranger and songwriter.	Ronnie Baker	1990
date of death	Benjamin Carier (1566--1614) was an English clergyman, a fellow of Chelsea College who was a well-publicised convert to Catholicism.	Benjamin Carier	1614
date of death	Momodu Bama (died 14 August 2013), also known by the alias Abu Saad, was the second in command of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.	Momodu Bama	14 August 2013
date of death	Gerard Flaitel († c. 1047) was a Norman knight and a ' most powerful lord in Normandy at the time of the Richards' according to Orderic Vitalis.	Gerard Flaitel	1047
date of death	Jehiel ben Solomon Heilprin (Hebrew: יחיאל היילפרין‎; ca. 1660--ca. 1746) was a Lithuanian rabbi, kabalist, and chronicler.	Jehiel ben Solomon Heilprin	1746
date of death	Consort Chen Guinü (陳歸女) (died 390), formally Empress Dowager Ande (安德太后, formally ``the peaceful and virtuous empress dowager'') was an imperial consort during the Chinese Jin Dynasty (265-420).	Consort Chen Guinü	390
date of death	Kurt Mandelbaum (13 November 1904 -- 28 September 1995) was an economist well known for his pioneering contribution in the field of the economics of development.	Kurt Mandelbaum	1995
date of death	Moha ou Said l'Irraoui (died March 1924) was a Moroccan tribal leader who opposed French rule of the protectorate of Morocco.	Moha ou Said	March 1924
date of death	Ugyen Dorji (Dzongkha: ཨོ་རྒྱན་རྡོ་རྗེ་, Wylie: o rgyan rdo rje, 1855--1916) was a member of the elite Dorji family and an influential Bhutanese politician.	Ugyen Dorji	1916
date of death	Ernest Harry Edmonds (28 August 1883 -- 8 April 1962), always referred to as ``Harry Edmonds'' or E. H. Edmonds, was a politician in South Australia.	Harry Edmonds	8 April 1962
date of death	P. P. Ummer Koya (1 July 1922 -- 1 September 2000) was an Indian politician, Gandhian, freedom fighter and educationist.	P. P. Ummer Koya	1 September 2000
date of death	Petrus Scriverius, the Latinized form of Peter Schrijver or Schryver (12 January 1576 -- 30 April 1660), was a Dutch writer and scholar on the history of Holland and Belgium.	Petrus Scriverius	30 April 1660
date of death	Fermín Chávez (Nogoyá 13 July 1924 -- 28 May 2006) was an Argentine historian, poet and journalist, born in El Pueblito, a small town near Nogoyá, province of Entre Ríos.	Fermín Chávez	28 May 2006
date of death	Uttam Kumar (3 September 1926 -- 24 July 1980) (born as Arun Kumar Chatterjee) was an Indian film actor, director, producer, singer and music composer, playback singer who predominantly worked in Indian Cinema.	Uttam Kumar	24 July 1980
date of death	Francisco Ramírez de Madrid (died 1501) was a Spanish artillery officer, counselor of the Catholic Monarchs and Secretary of King Ferdinand II of Aragon.	Francisco Ramírez de Madrid	1501
date of death	Denewulf (died 908) was a medieval Bishop of Winchester from 878 or 879 until his death.	Denewulf	908
date of death	Muriel Wheldale Onslow (31 March 1880 -- 19 May 1932) was a British biochemist.	Muriel Wheldale Onslow	19 May 1932
date of death	Andrew Strahan (1749--1831) was a MP and printer who served as the King's Printer.	Andrew Strahan	1831
date of death	Thomas James Mulvany (1779--1845) was an Irish painter and keeper of the Royal Hibernian Academy.	Thomas James Mulvany	1845
date of death	Beata Rosenhane (21 January 1638 in Norrköping - 1 June 1674) was a Swedish Baroness and writer.	Beata Rosenhane	1 June 1674
date of death	Vesna Girardi-Jurkić (15 January 1944 -- 25 August 2012) was a Croatian archeologist and museologist.	Vesna Girardi-Jurkić	25 August 2012
date of death	Robert Ritter von Greim (22 June 1892 -- 24 May 1945) was a German Field Marshal, pilot, army officer, and the last commander of the Luftwaffe (German Air Force) during the Second World War.	Robert Ritter von Greim	24 May 1945
date of death	Akmal Shaikh (5 April 1956 -- 29 December 2009) was a Pakistani-British businessman who was convicted and executed in China for drug trafficking.	Akmal Shaikh	29 December 2009
date of death	Felice Pasquale Baciocchi Levoy (18 May 1762 -- 28 April 1841) was born at Ajaccio into a noble, but poor, Corsican family.	Felice Pasquale Baciocchi	28 April 1841
date of death	Johannes Itten (11 November 1888 -- 25 March 1967) was a Swiss expressionist painter, designer, teacher, writer and theorist associated with the Bauhaus (Staatliche Bauhaus) school.	Johannes Itten	25 March 1967
date of death	Sigurjón Brink (29 August 1974 -- 17 January 2011), better known as Sjonni Brink or just the mononym Sjonni, was an Icelandic musician and singer.	Sjonni Brink	17 January 2011
date of death	Prudente de Morais Neto or Prudente de Moraes Neto (1904-1977), writing under the pseudonym Pedro Dantas was a Brazilian lawyer and journalist.	Prudente de Moraes Neto	1977
date of death	Andrew Nicholl RHA (4 April 1804 -- 16 April 1886) was an Irish painter.	Andrew Nicholl	1886
date of death	Dudley Weldon Woodard (1881--1965) was an African American mathematician and professor, and the second person of African descent to earn a PhD in Mathematics, the first being Elbert Frank Cox, (PhD Cornell, 1925), Woodard's mentor.	Dudley Weldon Woodard	1965
date of death	John Monck Mason (1726--1809) was an Irish politician and literary scholar.	John Monck Mason	1809
date of death	George Napper (Napier) (born at Holywell manor, Oxford, 1550; executed at Oxford 9 November 1610) was an English Roman Catholic priest.	George Napper	1610
date of death	Harold Addison Woodruff (10 July 1877 -- 1 May 1966) was an Australian veterinary pathologist and bacteriologist.	Harold Addison Woodruff	1 May 1966
date of death	Jan Mooy (1776 in Callantsoog -- 1847 in Den Helder), was a Dutch painter.	Jan Mooy	1847
date of death	Fateh Singh Rao Gaekwad (Born before April 1751, died 26 December 1789) was the Maharaja of Baroda (r.1778 - 1789).	Fateh Singh Rao Gaekwad	26 December 1789
date of death	Anna Rosemond (February 16, 1886 -- 1966) was one of the earliest film actresses of the early silent film era.	Anna Rosemond	1966
date of death	Charles Duquette (25 July 1869 -- 30 December 1937) was a Canadian politician in the province of Quebec.	Charles Duquette	30 December 1937
date of death	Eliyahu Moshe Panigel (1850--1919) was the sephardi chief rabbi of the Ottoman Empire, Palestine and Jerusalem.	Eliyahu Moshe Panigel	1919
date of death	Kulwant Singh Virk (20 May 1921 -- 24 December 1987) was an author who wrote mostly in Punjabi but also extensively in English.	Kulwant Singh Virk	24 December 1987
date of death	Richard Robert Madden (22 August 1798 -- 5 February 1886) was an Irish doctor, writer, abolitionist and historian of the United Irishmen.	Richard Robert Madden	5 February 1886
date of death	Joseph Derenbourg, or Joseph Naftali Derenburg (21 August 1811 - 29 July 1895) was a Franco-German orientalist.	Joseph Derenbourg	29 July 1895
date of death	Gabriel Biel, C.R.S.A. (1420 to 1425 -- 7 December 1495), was a German scholastic philosopher and member of the Canons Regular of the Congregation of Windesheim, who were the clerical counterpart to the Brethren of the Common Life.	Gabriel Biel	7 December 1495
date of death	Fred McGinis (11 November 1874, in Hobart -- 30 March 1953) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) and the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred McGinis	30 March 1953
date of death	James Chilton (c. 1556 -- 1620) was a Leiden Separatist passenger on the historic 1620 voyage of the ship Mayflower and was the oldest person on board.	James Chilton	1620
date of death	Zsuzsi Roboz (15 August 1929 -- 9 July 2012) was a London-based Hungarian painter.	Zsuzsi Roboz	9 July 2012
date of death	Kristian Schultze (21 January 1945 -- 22 November 2011) was one half of the German New Age band Cusco.	Kristian Schultze	22 November 2011
date of death	Mary Ellen Bamford (10 December 1857 -- 21 May 1946) was an American author from Healdsburg, California.	Mary Ellen Bamford	21 May 1946
date of death	Abdelaziz Gorgi (عبد العزيز القرجي) (born 2 June 1928--died 10 January 2008) was a Tunisian artist.	Abdelaziz Gorgi	10 January 2008
date of death	Francesco Torniello da Novara (c. 1490 -- 1589) was a Milanese typographer, writer and Franciscan friar who became known for applying geometric specifications to Latin capital letters fonts.	Francesco Torniello	1589
date of death	Sir Henry Austin Lee (1847--7 November 1918) was a British diplomat, governor and landowner.	Henry Austin Lee	1918
date of death	John Kelynge KS (or Kelyng) (1607--1671) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1663.	John Kelynge	1671
date of death	Israhel van Meckenem (c.1445 -- 10 November 1503), also known as Israhel van Meckenem the Younger, was a German printmaker and goldsmith, perhaps of a Dutch family origin.	Israhel van Meckenem	1503
date of death	G. B. Harrison (July 14, 1894 -- November 1, 1991) was one of the leading Shakespeare experts of his time and the editor of the Shakespeare Penguin Classics.	G. B. Harrison	1991
date of death	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson (5 May 1924 -- 8 September 1978), also known as Leo Towers and as Babsy, was an Argentine film director, producer and screenwriter.	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson	8 September 1978
date of death	Olga Kevelos (6 November 1923--28 October 2009) was an English Motorcycle trials and enduro rider who was the only woman to win two gold medals at the International Six-Day Trial.	Olga Kevelos	28 October 2009
date of death	Edward Fraunceys (died 1628) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1626.	Edward Fraunceys	1628
date of death	Captain Arthur Granville Soames, OBE (12 October 1886-6 July 1962), was a member of HM's Coldstream Guards.	Arthur Granville Soames	1962
date of death	Sir John Meres (c.1660 -- 15 February 1736) knight, FRS of Kirby Bellars, Leicestershire was the director of a number of companies in the early 18th century, including the Charitable Corporation, the York Buildings Company, and Company of Mineral and Battery Works.	John Meres	15 February 1736
date of death	Paul Grümmer (26 February 1879 -- 30 October 1965) was a German-born cellist.	Paul Grümmer	30 October 1965
date of death	Georg Stollenwerk (19 December 1930 -- 1 May 2014) was a German footballer and trainer.	Georg Stollenwerk	1 May 2014
date of death	Arthur Ernest Tiffin OBE (11 February 1896 -- 27 December 1955), commonly known as Jock Tiffin or A. E. Tiffin, was the third general secretary of the British Transport and General Workers' Union (TGWU).	Jock Tiffin	27 December 1955
date of death	Frank Hoddinott (born Francis Hoddinott, 29 November 1894 -- November 1980) was a Welsh association footballer.	Frank Hoddinott	November 1980
date of death	Constantia Jones (born c.1708 -- December 22, 1738) was a prostitute in London, UK during the term of Prime Minister Robert Walpole, who was sentenced to hang for stealing 36 shillings and a half-guinea (the equivalent of about £300 today) from one of her clients.	Constantia Jones	1738
date of death	Roy Simmonds (29 December 1928 -- 9 August 2008) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the VFL during the 1950s.	Roy Simmonds	9 August 2008
date of death	Eli Krog (1891--1970) was a Norwegian publicist and translator.	Eli Krog	1970
date of death	William Willes (1814--1890) was an early Latter-day Saint songwriter and, along with Hugh Findlay, was one of the first Mormon missionaries to enter India.	William Willes	1890
date of death	King Kaolie of Chu (Chinese: 楚考烈王; pinyin: Chǔ Kǎoliè Wáng, died 238 BC) was from 262 to 238 BC the king of the state of Chu during the late Warring States period of ancient China.	King Kaolie of Chu	238
date of death	General William Gustavus Brown (died 27 November 1883) was Commander of British Troops in China and Hong Kong.	William Gustavus Brown	27 November 1883
date of death	Baron Mōri Gorō of Chōshū (1871--1925) was the fifth son of the former head of the Chōshū clan, Mōri Motonori (1839--1896).	Mōri Gorō	1925
date of death	Allen Axel Strom (c.1914 -- 23 March 1997) was an Australian teacher and conservationist.	Allen Axel Strom	23 March 1997
date of death	Jim McNab (13 April 1940, Denny, Stirlingshire, Scotland -- 29 June 2006) was a footballer with Sunderland, Preston North End and Stockport County.	Jim McNab	29 June 2006
date of death	James Almond (September 1874 -- 1923) was an English footballer who played as a left-half.	James Almond	1923
date of death	Robert Harpur (January 25, 1731 Ballybay, County Monaghan, Ireland - April 15, 1825) was an American teacher, politician, pioneer, and landowner who settled in the Binghamton, New York area.	Robert Harpur	1825
date of death	Dušan Džamonja (Macedonian: Душан Џамоња, pronounced (duʃan d͡ʒamɔɲa); 31 January 1928 -- 14 January 2009) was a contemporary Macedonian sculptor of Croatian ancestry.	Dušan Džamonja	14 January 2009
date of death	Sir William Dolben, 3rd Baronet (1727--1814) was a British MP and campaigner for the abolition of slavery.	Sir William Dolben, 3rd Baronet	1814
date of death	Stewart Granger (born James Lablache Stewart; 6 May 1913 -- 16 August 1993) was an English film actor, mainly associated with heroic and romantic leading roles.	Stewart Granger	16 August 1993
date of death	John Frederic Daniell (12 March 1790 -- 13 March 1845) was an English chemist and physicist.	John Frederic Daniell	13 March 1845
date of death	Seth Chhaju Ram (1861--1943) was from Punjab, India and made a fortune in Calcutta during the British Raj period.	Seth Chhaju Ram	1943
date of death	Dallas Wiebe (1930--2008) was an American writer, poet, and a professor of English.	Dallas Wiebe	2008
date of death	Stephen I of Antioch (Latin: 'Stephanus') was the Bishop of Antioch between 341 and 345 or 342 and 344, depending on the source.	Stephen I of Antioch	345
date of death	William Theed, also known as William Theed, the younger (1804 -- 9 September 1891) was an English sculptor, the son of the sculptor and painter William Theed the elder (1764--1817).	William Theed	9 September 1891
date of death	Major John Penrice (Great Yarmouth, 5 December 1818 -- 1892) was a British soldier, photographer, and the author of an English glossary of the Quran (1873) based on the edition of Gustav Leberecht Flügel (1834).	John Penrice	1892
date of death	Seepersad Naipaul (1906--1953) was a writer of Indo-Trinidadian heritage.	Seepersad Naipaul	1953
date of death	Bhai Daya Singh (1661--1708) was one of the Panj Pyare, the first five Sikhs to be initiated into the Khalsa order in the 17th century India.	Daya Singh	1708
date of death	Dr. Tivadar Pauler (9 April 1816 -- 30 April 1886) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Religion and Education between 1871 and 1872.	Tivadar Pauler	30 April 1886
date of death	Harry Boully (28 December 1879 -- 16 May 1970) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Boully	16 May 1970
date of death	Hoàng Diệu (chữ Hán: 黃耀, 1828 - 25 April 1882) was a Nguyễn Dynasty governor of Hanoi, on behalf of Emperor Tự Đức, resident in Huế.	Hoàng Diệu	25 April 1882
date of death	Hector Hercules Bell CBE (1 December 1876 -- 12 November 1964) was an Australian contractor, municipal councillor, and tramway administrator.	Hector Hercules Bell	12 November 1964
date of death	Frans Van Giel (born Franciscus Alexius van Giel; 16 July 1892 -- 7 April 1975) was a Belgian painter who was born in Oostmalle and died in Wechelderzande.	Frans Van Giel	7 April 1975
date of death	Jiang Gui 姜貴, also Chiang Kuei, (1908--1980) was a Chinese novelist active in Taiwan.	Jiang Gui	1980
date of death	The Rt. Hon. Thomas Brooke, 2nd Viscount Alanbrooke (9 January 1920 -- 19 December 1972), was a British peer.	Thomas Brooke, 2nd Viscount Alanbrooke	19 December 1972
date of death	Urmila Eulie Chowdhury (1923 -- 20 September 1995) was an Indian architect who worked during the mid-to-late 20th century.	Eulie Chowdhury	20 September 1995
date of death	Jürg Schubiger (14 October 1936 -- 15 September 2014) was a Swiss psychotherapist and writer of children's books.	Jürg Schubiger	15 September 2014
date of death	Ernst Wolrad, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe (19 April 1887 -- 15 June 1962) was a head of the Princely House of Schaumburg-Lippe.	Wolrad, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe	15 June 1962
date of death	Cornelis de Heem (8 April 1631 (baptized) -- 17 May 1695 (buried) ) was a still-life painter associated with both Flemish Baroque and Dutch Golden Age painting.	Cornelis de Heem	17 May 1695
date of death	Princess Marie of Edinburgh, more commonly known as Marie of Romania (Marie Alexandra Victoria; 29 October 1875 -- 18 July 1938), was the last Queen consort of Romania as the wife of King Ferdinand I. Born into the British royal family, she was titled Princess Marie of Edinburgh at birth.	Marie of Romania	18 July 1938
date of death	Croft McKenzie (17 February 1894 -- 15 February 1928) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Croft McKenzie	15 February 1928
date of death	Field Marshal Sir George Pollock, 1st Baronet GCB GCSI (4 June 1786 -- 6 October 1872) was a British Indian Army officer.	George Pollock	6 October 1872
date of death	John Hadley (16 April 1682 -- 14 February 1744) was an English mathematician, and laid claim to the invention of the octant, two years after Thomas Godfrey claimed the same.	John Hadley	14 February 1744
date of death	Ann McPherson CBE FRCGP FRCP SCH (née Egelnick; 22 June 1945 -- 28 May 2011) was a British general practitioner, author, health campaigner and communicator who co-founded The DIPEx Charity and founded Healthcare Professionals for Assisted Dying.	Ann McPherson	28 May 2011
date of death	Totaram Sanadhya (1876--1947) was deceitfully recruited as an indentured labourer from India and brought to Fiji in 1893.	Totaram Sanadhya	1947
date of death	Aleš Debeljak (25 December 1961 -- 28 January 2016), was a Slovenian cultural critic, poet, and essayist.	Aleš Debeljak	28 January 2016
date of death	Agmondesham Vesey (1708 -- 3 June 1785) was an Irish politician and the second husband of Elizabeth Vesey, one of the founders of the Blue Stockings Society.	Agmondesham Vesey	3 June 1785
date of death	Egil Reichborn-Kjennerud (4 February 1903 -- 10 April 1974) was a Norwegian judge, cyclist and sports administrator.	Egil Reichborn-Kjennerud	1974
date of death	Sir Thomas Bromley (1530 -- 11 April 1587) was a 16th-century lawyer, judge and politician who established himself in the mid-Tudor period and rose to prominence during the reign of Elizabeth I. He was successively Solicitor General and Lord Chancellor of England.	Thomas Bromley	11 April 1587
date of death	Jack McLaren (13 October 1884--16 May 1954) was an Australian novelist who wrote novels based on his life experiences and who was renowned for his ``authenticity of background''.	Jack McLaren	16 May 1954
date of death	Eline Hansen (1859-1919), was a Danish feminist and peace leader.	Eline Hansen	1919
date of death	Giovanni Francisco Vigani (c. 1650--1712), known also as John Francis, was an Italian chemist who became the first professor of chemistry in the University of Cambridge.	Giovanni Francisco Vigani	1712
date of death	Kenneth Crosby (1904--1998) was a British Wesleyan missionary, a Bible translator and language scholar, who worked in Sierra Leone.	Kenneth Crosby	1998
date of death	Zhang Gensheng (Chinese: 张根生) (1923--2008) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Zhang Gensheng	2008
date of death	Sir John Potts, 1st Baronet (c. 1592--1673) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648 and in 1660.	Sir John Potts, 1st Baronet	1673
date of death	Sir John Acland, 1st Baronet (c. 1591 -- 24 August 1647) was the son of Sir Arthur Acland (d.1610) of Acland in the parish of Landkey, Devon, by his wife Eleanor Mallet.	Sir John Acland, 1st Baronet	24 August 1647
date of death	Yvan Goor (30 November 1884 -- 20 March 1958), sometimes written as Ivan Goor, was a Belgian cyclist and motorcyclist.	Yvan Goor	20 March 1958
date of death	Suremphaa (reign 1751--1769), or Swargadeo Rajeswar Singha (Assamese: স্বৰ্গদেউ ৰাজেশ্বৰ সিংহ), the fourth son of Rudra Singha, became the king of the Ahom kingdom after the death of his brother King Pramatta Singha.	Suremphaa	1769
date of death	John Francis Wade (1711 -- 16 August 1786) was an English hymnist who is sometimes credited with writing and composing the hymn ``Adeste Fideles'' (which was later translated to ``O Come All Ye Faithful''), even though the actual authorship of the hymn remains uncertain.	John Francis Wade	16 August 1786
date of death	Louise ``Lua'' Aurora Getsinger (née Moore) (1 November 1871, Hume, NY -- 1 May 1916, Cairo, Egypt) known as Lua Getsinger was one of the first Western members of the Bahá'í Faith, becoming a member in 1897.	Lua Getsinger	1916
date of death	Major Sir Murdoch McKenzie Wood OBE, DL (1881 -- 11 October 1949) was a Scottish Liberal politician.	Murdoch McKenzie Wood	11 October 1949
date of death	Gerald Mortimer (1937 -- 30 December 2013) was an English author and sports journalist, whose career spanned over four decades.	Gerald Mortimer	30 December 2013
date of death	Konstantin Pamfilov (Russian: Памфилов, Константин Дмитриевич; 25 May 1901 - 2 May 1943) - Soviet statesman.	Konstantin Pamfilov	2 May 1943
date of death	Felix Woyrsch (8 October 1860, Troppau (now Opava in the Czech Republic) -- 20 March 1944) was a German composer and choir director.	Felix Woyrsch	20 March 1944
date of death	Eliezer Gordon (1841--1910) also known as Reb Laizer Telzer, served as the rabbi and rosh yeshiva of Telz, Lithuania.	Eliezer Gordon	1910
date of death	Odd Myre (9 November 1912 -- 4 July 2005) was a Norwegian marketing agent.	Odd Myre	4 July 2005
date of death	David Murray, 5th Viscount of Stormont (1665 -- 19 November 1731) was a Scottish peer.	David Murray, 5th Viscount of Stormont	19 November 1731
date of death	Sir Brajendra Nath Seal (Bengali: ব্রজেন্দ্রনাথ শীল) (1864--1938) was a renowned Bengali Indian humanist philosopher.	Brajendra Nath Seal	1938
date of death	Christian Hermann Weisse (also Weiße; 10 August 1801 -- 19 September 1866), was a German Protestant religious philosopher.	Christian Hermann Weisse	19 September 1866
date of death	Odotheus (in Zosimus Aedotheus; Latinized form of a Gothic name, possibly Audaþius was a Greuthungi king who in 386 led an incursion into the Roman Empire. He was defeated and killed by the Roman general Promotus. His surviving people settled in Phrygia.	Odotheus	386
date of death	Harvey Kilpatrick Stuart O'Melveny, known as H.K.S. O'Melveny, (1823--1893) was a Circuit Court judge in Illinois and a Superior Court judge in California during the 19th century.	H.K.S. O'Melveny	1893
date of death	Hasso von Boehmer (9 August 1904 -- 5 March 1945) was a German Lieutenant Colonel on the General Staff and one of the July 20 Plotters.	Hasso von Boehmer	5 March 1945
date of death	Brian Aherne (2 May 1902 -- 10 February 1986) was an English actor of both stage and screen, who found success in Hollywood.	Brian Aherne	10 February 1986
date of death	Professor Alfred Lodge MA (1854 -- 1 December 1937), was an English mathematician, author, and the first president of The Mathematical Association.	Alfred Lodge	1 December 1937
date of death	William Grey, 1st Baron Grey of Werke (died 1674) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622.	William Grey, 1st Baron Grey of Werke	1674
date of death	Patrick Galloway (c. 1551 -- c. 1626) was a Scottish minister, a Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.	Patrick Galloway	1626
date of death	John Thorpe or Thorp (c.1565--1655?; fl.1570--1618) was an English architect.	John Thorpe	1655
date of death	Jan de Meyer (21 February 1921 in Mechelen - 15 February 2014) was a Belgian jurist.	Jan de Meyer	15 February 2014
date of death	Sister Simona Noorenbergh (1907--1990; her surname is also spelled Noorenberghe or Noorenberg, and her original given name was Maria) was a Belgian-born religious leader and community organizer.	Simona Noorenbergh	1990
date of death	George Alexander Hill (1892--1968) was a British intelligence officer.	George Alexander Hill	1968
date of death	Werburh or Wærburh (also known as Werburgh and Werburga) (d. 3 February 699 at Trentham) was an Anglo-Saxon princess who became an English saint and the patron saint of Chester.	Werburgh	3 February 699
date of death	Momik (Armenian: Մոմիկ; died 1333) was an ethnic Armenian architect, sculptor and a master artist of Armenian illuminated manuscripts.	Momik	1333
date of death	Brigadier Surendra Singh Panwar (19 October 1919 -- 29 April 2002) served as an artillery officer in the Indian Army.	Surendra Singh Panwar	29 April 2002
date of death	Pietro Paolo Cristofari (1685--1743) was a late-Baroque Italian mosaicist active in Rome, and the son of Fabio Cristofari.	Pietro Paolo Cristofari	1743
date of death	Wilhelm Rath (14 May 1897, in Berlin -- 13 January 1973, in Wolfsburg /Kärnten Austria) was a German writer, translator, bio-dynamic farmer and anthroposophist.	Wilhelm Rath	13 January 1973
date of death	Elisa Bailly de Vilmorin (3 May 1826 -- 5 August 1868) was a French horticulturist and plant breeder.	Elisa Bailly de Vilmorin	5 August 1868
date of death	Harold (``Harry'') Gemmell Kippax AO, better known as H. G. Kippax (6 October 1920 -- 12 August 1999) was an Australian print journalist.	H. G. Kippax	12 August 1999
date of death	Edward Frederick Leitner, also Friedrich August Ludwig Leitner (4 February 1812, Stuttgart -- 15 January 1838, age 25) was a German botanist, naturalist and physician.	Edward Frederick Leitner	15 January 1838
date of death	Alexander Colyn (also spelt Colin or Colins; 1527/29 -- 17 August 1612) was a Flemish sculptor.	Alexander Colyn	17 August 1612
date of death	Sylvester Norris (alias Smith and Newton) (1570 or 1572 -- 16 March 1630) was an English Roman Catholic controversial writer and missionary priest.	Sylvester Norris	1630
date of death	Elias Pym Fordham (1788-1850) was the original surveyor of Indianapolis.	Elias Pym Fordham	1850
date of death	Shurguchi Nimgirov (died 1920) was a Buddhist priest of Kalmyk origin who was born in the Bayuda aimak (Batlaevskaia stanista) in the Salsk District of the Don Cossack Host.	Shurguchi Nimgirov	1920
date of death	Alf Brodal (25 January 1910 -- 29 February 1988) was a Norwegian professor of anatomy.	Alf Brodal	29 February 1988
date of death	Colm Murray (22 March 1952 -- 30 July 2013) was an Irish broadcaster, newsreader, and sports journalist, best remembered for his reports on horse racing.	Colm Murray	30 July 2013
date of death	Konstantinos Miliotis-Komninos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Μηλιώτης-Κομνηνός, 1854--1941) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General.	Konstantinos Miliotis-Komninos	1941
date of death	Sochlachan mac Diarmata (died 909) was 31st King of Uí Maine.	Sochlachan mac Diarmata	909
date of death	Herbord Sigismund Ludwig von Bar (1 November 1763 - 20 December 1844) was a lawyer in the Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg who became a politician and public official, serving at one stage as president of the provisional parliament in the Kingdom of Hanover.	Herbord Sigismund Ludwig von Bar	20 December 1844
date of death	Farideh Mashini or Farideh Machini (Persian: فریده ماشینی; died 30 May 2012) was an Iranian researcher, Islamic feminist, women's rights activist, and reformist.	Farideh Mashini	30 May 2012
date of death	Frederick Methvan Whyte (March 2, 1865 -- 1941) was a mechanical engineer of Dutch background who worked for the New York Central in the United States.	Frederick Methvan Whyte	1941
date of death	Martin Allerdale Grainger (17 November 1874 -- 15 October 1941) was a Canadian journalist, forester and author.	Martin Allerdale Grainger	15 October 1941
date of death	Gheorghe Șaru (also George Saru; 1920--2003) was a Romanian-American painter, born in Romania at Checea, Timis County.	Gheorghe Șaru	2003
date of death	Peter McFarline (died April 2002) was an Australian journalist best known for his work as a cricket writer.	Peter McFarline	April 2002
date of death	Havryil Kolenda died on 11 February 1674 and was buried on next 18 February in the Saint Sophia Cathedral in Polotsk.	Havryil Kolenda	11 February 1674
date of death	Walther Hesse (27 December 1846 -- 19 July 1911) is best known for his work in microbiology, specifically his work in developing agar as a medium for culturing microorganisms.	Walther Hesse	19 July 1911
date of death	Edvard Natvig (16 August 1907 -- 6 November 1994) was a Norwegian decathlete.	Edvard Natvig	6 November 1994
date of death	Margaret Bingham, Countess of Lucan (1740 -- 27 February 1814) was a British painter, copyist, and poet.	Margaret Bingham	27 February 1814
date of death	Otto Spoerri (1933--2008) was a Swiss accountant who happened upon one of the most powerful positions in Hollywood.	Otto Spoerri	2008
date of death	John Booker (1603--1667) was an English astrologer, respected in that career for over 30 years.	John Booker	1667
date of death	Sir Hilarian Marcus Fernando, FRCP (1864--1936) was a pre-independence Ceylonese statesmen, physician and banker.	Marcus Fernando	1936
date of death	Count Arthur John Moore (1849 -- 5 January 1904) was a wealthy Irish Catholic and nationalist politician.	Arthur John Moore	1849	5 January 1904
date of death	Gilla Dubh Ó Flaithbheartaigh, Lord of Iar Connacht and Chief of the Name, died 1442.	Gilla Dubh Ó Flaithbheartaigh	1442
date of death	Thomas Henry Flewett, MD, FRCPath, FRCP (29 June 1922 -- 12 December 2006) was a founder member (and subsequently Fellow) of the Royal College of Pathologists and was elected (by distinction) a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of London in 1978.	Thomas Henry Flewett	12 December 2006
date of death	Peter Elson (13 January 1947 -- March 1998) was an English science fiction illustrator whose work appeared on the covers of numerous science fiction paperback novels, as well as in the Terran Trade Authority series of illustrated books.	Peter Elson	March 1998
date of death	Alekos Alexandrakis (Greek: Αλέκος Αλεξανδράκης; born 27 November 1928; died 8 November 2005) was a famous Greek actor.	Alekos Alexandrakis	8 November 2005
date of death	John W. McCoy (1910--1989) was an American artist who painted landscapes, portraits, and still lifes.	John W. McCoy	1989
date of death	Joan Root (18 January 1936 -- 13 January 2006) was a Kenyan conservationist, ecological activist and Oscar-nominated filmmaker.	Joan Root	13 January 2006
date of death	Moses Sheppard (1771 - 1857) was a Baltimore businessman, a Friend (Quaker), a philanthropist, and founder of the now Sheppard and Enoch Pratt Hospital.	Moses Sheppard	1857
date of death	Violet Gordon-Woodhouse (23 April 1872 -- 9 January 1948) was an acclaimed British harpsichordist and clavichordist, highly influential in bringing both instruments back into fashion.	Violet Gordon-Woodhouse	9 January 1948
date of death	Thomas Trahern (died 25 November 1542) was Somerset Herald, an English officer of arms.	Thomas Trahern	25 November 1542
date of death	Franz Anton Voegeli (1825--1874) was a Swiss Chemist who was the first to synthesize the triethyl phosphate (TEP) while he was working in Gustav Magnus's laboratory in Berlin.	Franz Anton Voegeli	1874
date of death	Janet Key (10 July 1945 -- 26 July 1992) was an English actress with a varied career in theatre, film and television from the late 1960s until her death.	Janet Key	26 July 1992
date of death	Bran ua Máele Dúin (or Bran mac Dúnchada) (died 712) was a king of the Uí Cheinnselaig of South Leinster.	Bran ua Máele Dúin	712
date of death	Matthew Sutcliffe (1550? -- 1629) was an English clergyman, academic and lawyer.	Matthew Sutcliffe	1629
date of death	Richard White, 1st Earl of Bantry (6 August 1767 -- 2 May 1851) was an Anglo-Irish soldier and peer.	Richard White, 1st Earl of Bantry	2 May 1851
date of death	Shaikh Ayaz (Urdu: شیخ ایاز‎) born Mubarak Ali Shaikh (Urdu: مبارک علی شیخ‎ March 1923 -- 28 December 1997) was one of the prominent Sindhi poets of Pakistan in general and Sindh in particular.	Shaikh Ayaz	28 December 1997
date of death	Leslie George Katz (c. 1918 -- April 18, 1997) was an author and publisher who founded Eakins Press, a specialty publisher of books of art and literature.	Leslie George Katz	1997
date of death	Adolphe Stoclet (1871-1949) was a Belgian engineer and financier.	Adolphe Stoclet	1949
date of death	Sir Gurunath Venkatesh Bewoor KCIE (1888 -- 1950) (Marathi: गुरुनाथ वेंकटेश बेवूर /ಗುರುನಾಥ್ ವೆಂಕಟೇಶ್ ಬೇವೂರ್) was a senior Indian civil servant.	Gurunath Venkatesh Bewoor	1950
date of death	Sir John Hobart, 3rd Baronet (20 March 1628 -- 22 August 1683) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1683.	Sir John Hobart, 3rd Baronet	22 August 1683
date of death	Iqbal Hussain Qureshi (Urdu:اقبال حسين قریشی; 27 September 1937 -- 8 December 2012; SI, FPAS), best known as I.H. Qureshi, was a Pakistani nuclear chemist and professor of chemistry at the Institute of and Applied Sciences in Islamabad.	Iqbal Hussain Qureshi	8 December 2012
date of death	Dorothy Minto (ca. 1886 -- 6 December 1957) was a prominent actor on the London stage between 1905 and the mid-1930s, notably appearing in the first runs of several plays written by George Bernard Shaw.	Dorothy Minto	1957
date of death	Fred Dick (18 November 1898 -- 23 January 1980) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Dick	23 January 1980
date of death	Sam Marron (7 February 1884 -- 6 May 1954) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Sam Marron	6 May 1954
date of death	In a judgement delivered on 2 September 2005, the court also held that between his arrest on 5 March 1952 and his execution on 2 August 1952 Johann Burianek had been unlawfully deprived of his freedom.	Johann Burianek	2 August 1952
date of death	Khan Sarwar Murshid (Bengali: খান সারওয়ার মুরশিদ; 1 July 1924 -- 8 December 2012) was a Bangladeshi educationist, diplomat and intellectual.	Khan Sarwar Murshid	8 December 2012
date of death	Giuseppe Zannoni (Verona, 1849 - Monteforte d'Alpone, Province of Verona, 1903) was an Italian painter.	Giuseppe Zannoni	1903
date of death	Aznar Galíndez I (also Asnar) (died 839) was a Basque Count of Aragon and Conflent from 809 and Cerdanya and Urgell from 820.	Aznar Galíndez I	839
date of death	Sir Charles Galton Darwin, KBE, MC, FRS (18 December 1887 -- 31 December 1962) was an English physicist, the grandson of Charles Darwin.	Charles Galton Darwin	31 December 1962
date of death	Hemish Shah (7 April 1968 - 5 September 2001) was an English stockbroker before he became a professional poker player, and the winner of Late Night Poker series 4, where he beat the season 2 champion Simon ``Aces'' Trumper in the final heads-up confrontation.	Hemish Shah	5 September 2001
date of death	Du Pinhua (Chinese: 杜品华, 22 April 1886? -- 11 December 2006) was a Chinese claimant to the world's oldest person title.	Du Pinhua	11 December 2006
date of death	Gunnar Reiss-Andersen (21 August 1896 -- 29 July 1964) was a Norwegian lyric poet and author.	Gunnar Reiss-Andersen	29 July 1964
date of death	Florence Mary Spry (9 August 1922 in Birkenhead - November 2002) was an international cricketer, who played three Test matches for the England women's cricket team against Australia in 1951.	Mary Spry	2002
date of death	Frank Donoghue (17 August 1904 -- 31 May 1971) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Frank Donoghue	May 1971
date of death	Frederick Newton Gisborne (8 March 1824 -- 30 August 1892) was a Canadian inventor and electrician.	Frederick Newton Gisborne	30 August 1892
date of death	Vladimír Hrivnák (23 April 1945 -- 17 October 2014) was a Slovak football player and later a football manager.	Vladimír Hrivnák	17 October 2014
date of death	Anton Elfinger (15 January 1821 -- 19 January 1864) was an Austrian physician and illustrator.	Anton Elfinger	19 January 1864
date of death	Nathan Wetherell D.D. (1726--1808) was an academic administrator at the University of Oxford.	Nathan Wetherell	1808
date of death	James Terry Gardiner (May 6, 1842 -- September 10, 1912) was an American surveyor and engineer.	James Terry Gardiner	1912
date of death	Jack Wasserman (1927-1977) was a nightlife and celebrity columnist for the Vancouver Sun newspaper from 1949 until his death.	Jack Wasserman	1977
date of death	John Belling (1866--1933), born in Aldershot, England, was a cytogeneticist who developed the iron-acetocarmine staining technique which is used in the study of chromosomes.	John Belling	1933
date of death	Elisabeth Howen (1834-1923) was an Estonian pedagogue.	Elisabeth Howen	1923
date of death	Eugene Wambaugh (February 29, 1856--August 6, 1940) was an American legal scholar.	Eugene Wambaugh	1940
date of death	Ahmed Rıza Bey (Turkish: Ahmet Rıza Bey; 1859 -- 26 February 1930) was a prominent Young Turk, activist, scientist, and statesman during the Second Constitutional Era of the Ottoman Empire.	Ahmed Rıza	26 February 1930
date of death	Noel Rayson (24 May 1933 -- 11 February 2003) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and South Melbourne during his ten-year career in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Noel Rayson	11 February 2003
date of death	Sir Robert Abdy, 3rd Baronet FSA (8 April 1688 -- 27 August 1748) was a British Tory politician.	Sir Robert Abdy, 3rd Baronet	27 August 1748
date of death	Joachim Wasserschlebe (1 May 1709, Salzwedel, Margraviate of Brandenburg - 13 March 1787, Wassersleben estates) was a German-Danish diplomat, politician, councillor, patron of the arts and art collector.	Joachim Wasserschlebe	13 March 1787
date of death	Jacobus Nicolaas Boshoff (31 January 1808 -- 21 April 1881) was a South African (Boer) politician and statesman, member of the Voortrekker movement, and the second state president of the Orange Free State, in office from 1855 to 1859.	Jacobus Nicolaas Boshoff	21 April 1881
date of death	Victor Rietti (29 February 1888 - 3 December 1963) was an Italian-born actor and director who became known through his work in television, especially through the many live television productions of the Italian play To Live in Peace during the 1950s.	Victor Rietti	3 December 1963
date of death	Monica Wilson, née Hunter (1908 - 26 October 1982) was a South African anthropologist, professor of social anthropology at the University of Cape Town.	Monica Wilson	26 October 1982
date of death	Peire Lunel de Montech (fl. 1326--1384), also known as Cavalier Lunel or Peire de Lunel, was a lawyer, politician and author of Toulouse.	Peire Lunel de Montech	1384
date of death	Petrus Bosman (1928 -- 19 July 2008) was a South African ballet dancer, teacher, choreographer, and répétiteur, active in England, France, and the United States.	Petrus Bosman	19 July 2008
date of death	Georg Elias Müller (20 July 1850 -- 23 December 1934) was a significant early German experimental psychologist who is credited with the theory of retroactive interference.	Georg Elias Müller	23 December 1934
date of death	Rae Selling Berry (1880--1976) was an American gardener and horticulturist.	Rae Selling Berry	1976
date of death	Major General Otto Christian von Rohr (died 1839) was a Prussian army officer during the Napoleonic Wars.	Otto Christian von Rohr	1839
date of death	Julius Frederik Macody Lund (born 18 November 1863 in Stavanger, died 16 December 1943 in Farsund) was a controversial Norwegian historian, most known and remembered for his engagement in the restoration of Nidaros Cathedral.	Frederik Macody Lund	16 December 1943
date of death	Marshall Russell Reed (15 September 1891 -- March 1973) was an American Bishop of The Methodist Church and the United Methodist Church, elected in 1948.	Marshall Russell Reed	1973
date of death	Demetra Kenneth Brown (1877 -- 1946) was a Greek-American author, born on the island of Bouyouk Ada, Sea of Marmora.	Demetra Kenneth Brown	1946
date of death	Lino Landolfi (6 April 1925 - 11 February 1988) was an Italian comic book artist and writer.	Lino Landolfi	11 February 1988
date of death	Werner Rudolf Breslauer (4 July 1903 -- middle Europe, 28 February 1945) was a German photographer of jewish descent.	Rudolf Breslauer	28 February 1945
date of death	Martin Larkin (20 December 1903 -- 1 July 1971) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Martin Larkin	1 July 1971
date of death	Norman Shrapnel (5 October 1912 -- 1 February 2004) was an English journalist, author, and parliamentary correspondent.	Norman Shrapnel	1 February 2004
date of death	Abel Thomas (1848 -- 23 July 1912) was a Welsh Liberal politician and lawyer.	Abel Thomas	23 July 1912
date of death	Albert VI, Duke of Mecklenburg (German: Albrecht VI., Herzog zu Mecklenburg; 1438 - before 27 April 1483) was a Duke of Mecklenburg.	Albert VI, Duke of Mecklenburg	27 April 1483
date of death	Rudolph August Witthaus (1846-1915) was an American toxicologist, born in New York City.	Rudolph August Witthaus	1915
date of death	Susan Harrison (1948 -- 14 April 2013) was a Canadian writer and artist who published under the name A. S. A. Harrison.	A. S. A. Harrison	14 April 2013
date of death	John Edmund Bentley (1847--12 December 1913) was an English sportsman who played in the first international rugby football match in 1871, representing England as a halfback.	John Edmund Bentley	12 December 1913
date of death	Patrick of Salisbury, 1st Earl of Salisbury (c. 1122 -- 1168) was an Anglo-Norman nobleman, and the uncle of the famous William Marshal.	Patrick of Salisbury, 1st Earl of Salisbury	1168
date of death	Jeronimas Kačinskas (or Kacinskas; 17 April 1907 -- 15 September 2005) was a Lithuanian-born American composer.	Jeronimas Kačinskas	15 September 2005
date of death	Jockel Finck (26 March 1962 - 28 January 2006) was a photojournalist for the Associated Press.	Jockel Finck	28 January 2006
date of death	Ernst Sabeditsch (6 May 1920 -- 30 June 1986) was an Austrian footballer and coach.	Ernst Sabeditsch	30 June 1986
date of death	Blessed Tommaso Riccardi (24 June -- 25 March 1915) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who was a professed member of the Benedictines of the Cassinese Congregation.	Tommaso Riccardi	25 March 1915
date of death	Diarmaid mac Tadgh Ua Ceallaigh, 38th King of Uí Maine and 3rd Chief of the Name, died 1065.	Diarmaid mac Tadgh Ua Ceallaigh	1065
date of death	Henry de Longchamp or Henry de Longo Campo (c1150--1212) was an Anglo-Norman administrator.	Henry de Longchamp	1212
date of death	Jacques van de Werve, Baron of Schilde (1793--1845) was a member of a noble family of Antwerp.	Jacques van de Werve	1845
date of death	Sir William Harpur (c. 1496 -- 27 February 1574) was a merchant from Bedford who moved to London, amassed a large fortune, and became Lord Mayor of London.	William Harpur	27 February 1574
date of death	Esther Vanhomrigh (known by the pseudonym Vanessa; c. 1688 -- 2 June 1723), an Irish woman of Dutch descent, was a longtime lover and correspondent of Jonathan Swift.	Esther Vanhomrigh	2 June 1723
date of death	Giuseppe Gherardi (Piacenza, 1750 - 7 November 1828) was an Italian painter, active in the Neoclassic style.	Giuseppe Gherardi	7 November 1828
date of death	Pearl London (1916--2003) was a teacher of poetry at The New School, in New York City.	Pearl London	2003
date of death	Laurent-Théodore Biett (25 July 1781 -- 3 March 1840) was a Swiss-born dermatologist from Schams in the canton of Graubünden.	Laurent-Théodore Biett	3 March 1840
date of death	Lowes Cato Dickinson (London 27 November 1819 -- 15 December 1908 London) was an English portrait painter and Christian socialist.	Lowes Cato Dickinson	15 December 1908
date of death	Andrey Yevgenyevich Lichko (Russian: Андре́й Евге́ньевич Личко; 1926--1994) was a Russian psychiatrist, an honored science worker of the Russian Federation, Doctor of Medicine, and vice principal of Saint-Petersburg Psychoneurological Institute n.a.	Andrey Yevgenyevich Lichko	1994
date of death	John Fleming, 2nd Lord Fleming (c. 1465 -- 1 November 1524) was a Scottish nobleman.	John Fleming, 2nd Lord Fleming	1 November 1524
date of death	George Henry Weiss (1898--1946) was an American poet, writer and novelist.	George Henry Weiss	1946
date of death	Ann Way (14 November 1915 -- 13 March 1993) was an English character actress in film and television.	Ann Way	13 March 1993
date of death	Lucius Mussius Aemilianus (d. 261 or 262) was a Roman usurper.	Mussius Aemilianus	262
date of death	Khoren Sargsian (Armenian: Խորեն Սարգսյան; 1891--1970) was an Armenian writer, critic, doctor of philology, and professor.	Khoren Sargsian	1970
date of death	Conrad William Eden TD (1905 -- 1995) was an English cathedral organist, who served in Wells Cathedral and Durham Cathedral.	Conrad William Eden	1995
date of death	Sakaibe no Marise (境部 摩理勢) (died 628) was a court aristocrat of the Asuka period of Japanese history, and member of the Soga clan.	Sakaibe no Marise	628
date of death	Feriha Tevfik Dağ (née Negüz) (1910 -- 22 April 1991) was a Turkish beauty pageant contestant and actress.	Feriha Tevfik	22 April 1991
date of death	Jørgen Olsen Thon (8 March 1866 -- 12 January 1937) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties.	Jørgen Olsen Thon	12 January 1937
date of death	Sarla Thakral (1914 -- 15 March 2008) was the first Indian woman to fly an aircraft.	Sarla Thakral	15 March 2008
date of death	Sterling Elliott (1852--1922) produced a series of successful inventions in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Sterling Elliott	1922
date of death	Manuel de Faria e Sousa (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐnuˈɛɫ dɨ fɐˈɾiɐ i ˈsozɐ); Spanish: Faria y Sousa; 18 March 1590 -- 3 June 1649) was a Portuguese historian and poet, frequently writing in Spanish.	Manuel de Faria e Sousa	3 June 1649
date of death	Roy Radin (13 November 1949 -- 10 June 1983) was a show business promoter who packaged vaudeville shows in the 1970s and early 1980s.	Roy Radin	10 June 1983
date of death	David Denholm, Ph.D. (1924 -- 19 June 1997) was an Australian author and historian who published fiction under the pseudonym David Forrest, and history under his own name.	David Denholm	19 June 1997
date of death	Sir William Knyvett (c. 1440 -- 2 December 1515) was an English knight in the late Middle Ages.	Sir William Knyvett	2 December 1515
date of death	Nicos Poulantzas (Greek: Νίκος Πουλαντζάς; 21 September 1936 -- 3 October 1979) was a Greek-French Marxist political sociologist.	Nicos Poulantzas	3 October 1979
date of death	Corinne Morgan (16 February 1876 -- 1945?) was the stage name of Corinne (or Cora) Welsh.	Corinne Morgan	1945
date of death	Nathaniel Torporley (1564--1632) was an English clergyman, mathematician, and astrologer.	Nathaniel Torporley	1632
date of death	Josef Vinklář (10 November 1930 -- 18 September 2007) was a Czech actor, a member of the National Theatre.	Josef Vinklář	18 September 2007
date of death	Abdullah Totong Mahmud (generally abbreviated A. T. Mahmud; 3 February 1930 -- 6 July 2010) was a renowned Indonesian composer of children's songs.	A. T. Mahmud	6 July 2010
date of death	Curt Weibull (19 August 1886 -- 10 November 1991) was a Swedish historian, educator and author.	Curt Weibull	10 November 1991
date of death	Conn Ua Mellaig (died 1202) was the Bishop of Annaghdown.	Conn Ua Mellaig	1202
date of death	Ivan Polunin (1920--2010) was a medical doctor, author, teacher, documentary filmmaker and photographer.	Ivan Polunin	2010
date of death	Oton Iveković (17 April 1869 -- 4 July 1939) was one of the foremost Croatian painters.	Oton Iveković	4 July 1939
date of death	Countess Leon, or Elisa Heuser Leon (1799--1881), was a founder and leader of the communal Germantown Colony established in 1835 north of Minden in the U.S. state of Louisiana.	Countess Leon	1881
date of death	Mary Elizabeth Barber (5 January 1818 -- 4 September 1899) was a pioneering amateur woman scientist of the nineteenth century.	Mary Elizabeth Barber	4 September 1899
date of death	Charles Wynne Nicholls (20 October 1831 -- 24 January 1903) was an Irish painter of genre and historical subjects.	Charles Wynne Nicholls	24 January 1903
date of death	Sir John Vavasour KS (ca. 1440 -- 26 November 1506) was an English judge.	John Vavasour	1506
date of death	Barnabas Brough (c. 1795 -- 30 October 1854), was a British merchant and accountant who wrote several plays under the nom de plume, Bernard De Burgh.	Barnabas Brough	30 October 1854
date of death	Sir Edwin Durning-Lawrence, 1st Baronet (2 February 1837 -- 21 April 1914) was a British lawyer and Member of Parliament.	Edwin Durning-Lawrence	21 April 1914
date of death	Bhojsing Gurdinomal Pahalajani (d. February, 1938) was an Indian politician and the first speaker of the Sind legislative assembly.	Bhojsing Gurdinomal Pahalajani	February, 1938
date of death	Marco La Piana (1883--1958) was an Italian scholar of Arbëresh origin.	Marco La Piana	1958
date of death	Delano Ames (May 29, 1906 -- January 1987) was an American writer of detective stories.	Delano Ames	1987
date of death	Sir Isaac Heard (10 December 1730 -- 29 April 1822) was a long-serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London.	Isaac Heard	29 April 1822
date of death	Charles Eaves (1908--2006) was a Canadian scientist who extended the storage of apples by controlling levels of oxygen and carbon dioxide.	Charles Eaves	2006
date of death	As'ad Pasha al-Azm (Arabic: أسعد باشا العظم‎, died March 1758) was the governor of Damascus under Ottoman rule from 1742 to his deposition in 1757.	As'ad Pasha al-Azm	1757
date of death	Sir Edward Frankland, KCB, FRS (18 January 1825 -- 9 August 1899) was a British chemist.	Edward Frankland	9 August 1899
date of death	William Bede Dalley (5 July 1831 -- 28 October 1888) was an Australian politician and barrister and the first Australian appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom.	William Bede Dalley	28 October 1888
date of death	Ernie Ashton (7 July 1883 -- 1 August 1955) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ernie Ashton	1 August 1955
date of death	James Hedderwick LLD (1814--1897) was a Scottish poet, journalist and newspaper proprietor.	James Hedderwick	1897
date of death	Gilbert Randoll Coate (8 October 1909 -- 2 December 2005) was a British diplomat, maze designer and ``labyrinthologist''.	Randoll Coate	2 December 2005
date of death	John Glashan (born John McGlashan, 24 December 1927 -- 15 June 1999) was a Scottish cartoonist, illustrator and playwright.	John Glashan	15 June 1999
date of death	Mary Anne Schimmelpenninck (née Galton, 25 November 1778 -- 29 August 1856) was a British writer in the anti-slavery movement.	Mary Anne Schimmelpenninck	29 August 1856
date of death	Lucy Osburn (1 April 1836 -- 22 December 1891) was an English nurse trained at the School of Nursing founded by Florence Nightingale.	Lucy Osburn	22 December 1891
date of death	George Whyte-Watson, FRCS(Ed) (1908--1974) was a surgeon, and was born on the 9 August 1908 in Edinburgh.	George Whyte-Watson	1974
date of death	Sir Thomas Holte, 1st Baronet (c. 1571 -- 14 December 1654) was the original owner of Aston Hall (a Jacobean country house in Birmingham), the man after whom the Holte End stand of Villa Park is named, and the possessor of quite a legendary temper.	Thomas Holte	1654
date of death	Asbjørn Nilssen (19 January 1875 -- 19 October 1958) was a Norwegian Nordic combined skier and physician.	Asbjørn Nilssen	19 October 1958
date of death	Hu Sanxing (Chinese: 胡三省; pinyin: Hú Sānxǐng, 1230 -- 1302), born Hu Mansun (胡滿孫), courtesy names Shenzhi (身之), Meijian (梅澗), and Jingcan (景參), was a Chinese historian and commentator who lived during the late Song dynasty and early Yuan dynasty.	Hu Sanxing	1302
date of death	Gaspare Gori-Mancini (April 1653 - 16 July 1727) was an Italian prelate who was appointed as Bishop of Malta in 1722.	Gaspare Gori-Mancini	16 July 1727
date of death	Hender Robartes (November 1635 -- 31 January 1688) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1688.	Hender Robartes	31 January 1688
date of death	Robert A. Fuhrman (February 23, 1925 -- November 21, 2009) was an American engineer responsible for the development of the Polaris Missile and Poseidon missile, as well as President and Chief Operating Officer of Lockheed Corporation.	Robert A. Fuhrman	2009
date of death	Harlan Thompson (24 September 1890 -- 29 October 1966) was an American theatre director, screenwriter, lyricist, film director, and film and television producer.	Harlan Thompson	29 October 1966
date of death	Dominick Sarsfield, 1st Viscount Sarsfield of Kilmallock (c. 1570 -- 1636) was an Irish peer and judge who became Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas, but was removed from office for corruption and died in disgrace.	Dominick Sarsfield, 1st Viscount Sarsfield	1636
date of death	Richard Watson Dixon (5 May 1833 -- 23 January 1900), English poet and divine, son of Dr James Dixon, a Wesleyan minister.	Richard Watson Dixon	23 January 1900
date of death	Giovanni Battista Agucchi (20 Nov 1570, Bologna -- 1 Jan 1632) was an Italian churchman, Papal diplomat and writer on art theory.	Giovanni Battista Agucchi	1632
date of death	Dobri Zhelyazkov Fetisov (Bulgarian: Добри Желязков Фетисов, pronounced (ˈdɔbri ʒɛˈlʲaskɔf fɛˈtisɔf)) (1800--1865) was the first Bulgarian factory-owner and industrialist, the founder of the first textile factory in Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire.	Dobri Zhelyazkov	1865
date of death	Thomas Rickard (1865--1911) was an early resident of Berkeley, California, and served as the last President of the Town Board of Trustees from 1903 to 1909, before the new city charter went into effect, creating the office of Mayor.	Thomas Rickard	1911
date of death	James Tuchet, 7th Baron Audley (c. 1463 -- 28 June 1497) was a leading rebel in the 1st Cornish Rebellion of 1497 opposing the rule of Henry VII of England born in Heleigh Castle, Staffordshire to John Tuchet, 6th Baron Audley and Anne Echingham and sentenced to beheading in the year of the rebellion.	James Tuchet, 7th Baron Audley	28 June 1497
date of death	Thomas Berdmore was dentist to King George III. He was born around 1740 and died in 1785.	Thomas Berdmore	1785
date of death	Diana Rowntree (14 May 1915 -- 22 August 2008) was a British architect and architectural writer.	Diana Rowntree	22 August 2008
date of death	Eric Pohlmann (German: Erich Pohlmann; 18 July 1913 -- 25 July 1979) was an Austrian theatre, film and television character actor who worked mostly in Britain.	Eric Pohlmann	25 July 1979
date of death	Florence MacMoyer (fl. 1662 -- 12 February 1713), a native of Ballymoyer, County Armagh, Ireland was the last hereditary keeper of the Book of Armagh, a 9th-century Irish manuscript written mainly in Latin.	Florence MacMoyer	12 February 1713
date of death	Babu Karam Singh Bal (Punjabi: ਬਾਬੂ ਕਰਮ ਸਿੰਘ ਬੱਲ) (c. 1927 -- 7 October 1992) was a Sikh Sarpanch for Sathiala.	Babu Karam Singh Bal	7 October 1992
date of death	Soe Lwin Lwin (Burmese: စိုးလွင်လွင်; 1962--1999), also known as Po Po, was a well-known singer-composer in 1980s in Burma.	Soe Lwin Lwin	1999
date of death	Anton Florian, Prince of Liechtenstein (28 May 1656 -- 11 October 1721) was the Prince of Liechtenstein between 1718 and 1721.	Anton Florian, Prince of Liechtenstein	11 October 1721
date of death	William James Topley (13 February 1845 -- 16 November 1930) was a prolific Canadian photographer based in Ottawa, Ontario.	William James Topley	16 November 1930
date of death	Hermann Guggiari (20 March 1924 -- 1 January 2012) was a Paraguayan engineer and sculptor.	Hermann Guggiari	1 January 2012
date of death	Berchtold of Engelberg, German Berchtold von Engelberg (died 3 November 1197) was a Swiss German Benedictine monk, who was Abbot of Engelberg Abbey in Switzerland.	Berchtold of Engelberg	3 November 1197
date of death	Richard Meredith Hart (1811--1864) was an American cattleman and politician.	Richard Meredith Hart	1864
date of death	Pan Fusheng (Chinese: 潘复生; December 1908 -- April 1980) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary and politician.	Pan Fusheng	April 1980
date of death	Thomas Pierpoint (born 15 September 1789 at Lindfield, Sussex; died 12 June 1849 at Brighton, Sussex) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1827 to 1833.	Thomas Pierpoint	12 June 1849
date of death	Robert Gould Shaw III (18 Aug 1898 -- 10 July 1970) was an American-born English socialite.	Robert Gould Shaw III	10 July 1970
date of death	Elizabeth Strong Worthington (October 5, 1851 - October 2, 1916) was a popular American writer during the latter part of the 19th century.	Elizabeth Strong Worthington	1916
date of death	Sister María Ignacia, OSC, born Bertilda Samper Acosta (31 July 1856 -- 31 July 1910) was a Colombian Poor Clare nun, poet and writer.	Bertilda Samper Acosta	31 July 1910
date of death	Air Marshal Charles Roy Slemon, CB, CBE, CD (7 November 1904 -- 12 February 1992), known as Roy Slemon, was the Royal Canadian Air Force's Chief of the Air Staff from 1953 to 1957.	Roy Slemon	12 February 1992
date of death	Francis Bland Tucker (1895--1984) was born in Norfolk, Virginia on 6 January 1895.	Francis Bland Tucker	1984
date of death	Jacopo Torni (1476--1526), also known as Jacobo Fiorentin, L'Indaco, and Jacopo dell'Indaco, was an Italian (Florentine) painter.	Jacopo Torni	1526
date of death	Avrohom Bornsztain (14 October 1838 -- 7 February 1910), also spelled Avraham Borenstein or Bernstein, was a leading posek in late-nineteenth-century Europe and founder and first Rebbe of the Sochatchover Hasidic dynasty.	Avrohom Bornsztain	7 February 1910
date of death	Jacob Marrel (1613/1614 -- 11 November 1681) was a German still life painter active in Utrecht during the Dutch Golden Age.	Jacob Marrel	11 November 1681
date of death	Darvish Khan (Persian: درویش‌خان ‎, Gholam Hossein Darvish; 1872 -- 22 November 1926) was a Persian classical musician and a tar player.	Darvish Khan	22 November 1926
date of death	Asgaut Olsen Regelstad (1761 -- 8 January 1847) was a Norwegian farmer and bailiff who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.	Asgaut Olsen Regelstad	1847
date of death	Jacob Mantino ben Samuel (died 1549) was a Jewish scholar and Italian physician, known also as Mantinus.	Jacob Mantino ben Samuel	1549
date of death	Charles G. Coulon (b. 16 Feb. 1825, Göttingen, Germany -- d. 2 Feb. 1881) was the sixth mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana.	Charles G. Coulon	1881
date of death	Vere Gordon Childe (14 April 1892 -- 19 October 1957), better known as V. Gordon Childe, was an Australian archaeologist and philologist who specialized in the study of European prehistory.	V. Gordon Childe	19 October 1957
date of death	Song Jing (宋璟) (663 -- November 21, 737), formally Duke Wenzhen of Guangping (廣平文貞公), was an official of the Chinese Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving as the chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Ruizong and Emperor Xuanzong.	Song Jing	737
date of death	Andrey Insunovich Pak (November 1926 -- 1994) was a Doctor of Geological and Mineralogical Sciences, Lenin Prize winner.	Andrey Insunovich Pak	1994
date of death	Jonkheer Joan Röell (21 July 1844 -- 13 July 1914) was a Dutch nobleman, lawyer and statesman.	Joan Röell	13 July 1914
date of death	George Campbell Macaulay (6 August 1852 -- 6 July 1915), also known as G. C. Macaulay, was a noted English Classical scholar.	George Campbell Macaulay	6 July 1915
date of death	Dennis Chinnery (14 May 1927 -- 29 February 2012) was a British actor, noted for his performances in television.	Dennis Chinnery	29 February 2012
date of death	Richard Knerr (30 June 1925 -- 14 January 2008) was an American inventor best known for marketing the Frisbee and Hula Hoop.	Richard Knerr	14 January 2008
date of death	Shura Cherkassky (Russian: Александр (Шура) Исаакович Черкасский; 7 October 1911 -- 27 December 1995) was an American classical pianist known for his performances of the romantic repertoire.	Shura Cherkassky	27 December 1995
date of death	Gabrielle Brune (Born, Bournemouth, Hampshire, 12 February 1912 -- Died, Chichester, Sussex, 18 January 2005) was a British actress.	Gabrielle Brune	18 January 2005
date of death	John II of Pernstein (Czech: Jan II. z Pernštejna; c. 1406 -- 28 December 1475) was a Moravian nobleman and supporter of the Hussites.	John II of Pernstein	28 December 1475
date of death	Thomas Sotherton (by 1525-1583), of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician.	Thomas Sotherton	1583
date of death	Lajos Balogh (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈlɒjoʃ ˈbɒloɡ); 10 May 1903 -- 9 October 1986) was a Hungarian athlete and later coach, architect, enigineer, politician and sports official.	Lajos Balogh	9 October 1986
date of death	Ronald Dare Gillespie (1890-- 8 April 1981) was a Scottish Canadian and British Army officer.	Ronald Dare Gillespie	8 April 1981
date of death	Manasses IV, Count of Rethel (died 1199) was a son of Ithier I and Beatrice of Namur.	Manasses IV, Count of Rethel	1199
date of death	Nicolae Filip (March 3, 1926 -- 15 May 2009) was born in the village of Sofia, Bălţi to a family of farmers.	Nicolae Filip	15 May 2009
date of death	Fred Parkinson Holliday DSO, MC, AFC (20 February 1888 -- 5 March 1980) was an Australian fighter pilot and ace of the First World War.	Fred Parkinson Holliday	5 March 1980
date of death	Ariadna Tyrkova-Williams died on 12 January 1962 in Washington DC and was buried there in Rock Creek Cemetery.	Ariadna Tyrkova-Williams	12 January 1962
date of death	Andreas Kontogouris (Greek: Ανδρέας Κοντογούρης, 1700s - 1824) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence.	Andreas Kontogouris	1824
date of death	Carus (Latin: Marcus Aurelius Carus Augustus; c. 222 -- July or August 283) was Roman Emperor from 282 to 283, and was 60 at ascension.During his short reign, Carus fought the Germanic tribes and Sarmatians along the Danube frontier with success.	Carus	283
date of death	Edmund Piers Barclay (2 May 1898 -- 26 August 1961) was an English-Australian writer known for his work in radio drama.	Edmund Piers Barclay	26 August 1961
date of death	Lady Florence Henrietta Darwin (née Fisher, previously Maitland; 31 January 1864 -- 5 March 1920), was an English playwright.	Florence Henrietta Darwin	5 March 1920
date of death	Herbert Poore or Poor (Norman: Hubert or Herbert le Poer; died 1217), also known as Herbert of Ilchester and Herbert Pauper, was a medieval English clergyman who held the post of Bishop of Salisbury during the reigns of Richard I and John.	Herbert Poore	1217
date of death	Hedy Graf (12 October 1926 -- 31 January 1997) was a Spanish-born Swiss classically trained soprano.	Hedy Graf	31 January 1997
date of death	Philip the Good (French: Philippe le Bon, Dutch: Filips de Goede; 31 July 1396 -- 15 June 1467) was Duke of Burgundy as Philip III from 1419 until his death.	Philip the Good	15 June 1467
date of death	Steele Rudd was the pseudonym of Arthur Hoey Davis (14 November 1868 -- 11 October 1935) an Australian author, best known for On Our Selection.	Steele Rudd	11 October 1935
date of death	Thirumudi N. Sethuraman(Tamil: திருமுடி.ந.சேதுராமன்) (b. 24 January 1923 - d. 23 December 1979) was an Indian politician.	Thirumudi N. Sethuraman	23 December 1979
date of death	Carl'Alberto Perroux (1905--1977) was an Italian contract bridge official, the founder and long-time non-playing captain of the Blue Team, the most successful team in bridge history.	Carl'Alberto Perroux	1977
date of death	Dr Mu (1962 - 2014) was a hard trance DJ and record producer who lived and worked in London, England.	Dr Mu	2014
date of death	Ram Chandra Ram (d. 2 March 2009, Ranchi) was an Indian politician, affiliated to the Communist Party of India (CPI).	Ram Chandra Ram	2 March 2009
date of death	Ioannis Zisis (Greek: Ιωάννης Ζήσης, 1888-1941) was a Greek Army general during World War II. He was born in village Makri, near to Makrakomi, Fthiotida.	Ioannis Zisis	1941
date of death	Risto Stijović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ристо Стијовић; 8 October 1894 -- 20 December 1974) was a Yugoslav sculptor, considered to be one of the most original artists of his time.	Risto Stijović	20 December 1974
date of death	Bruce Greensill (c. 1942 -- 30 June 2007) was a rugby union player who represented both the Auckland Rugby Football Union and Sydney in rugby.	Bruce Greensill	2007
date of death	Sir Humphrey Chetham (10 July 1580 -- 1653) was an English merchant, responsible for the creation of Chetham's Hospital and Chetham's Library, the oldest public library in the English-speaking world.	Humphrey Chetham	1653
date of death	Wilhelmina Cooper (1 May 1939 -- 1 March 1980) was a Dutch model who began with Ford Models and, at the peak of her success, founded her own agency, Wilhelmina Models, in New York City in 1967.	Wilhelmina Cooper	1 March 1980
date of death	Eleanor of Aquitaine (French: Aliénor/Éléonore; 1122 or 1124 -- 1 April 1204) was one of the wealthiest and most powerful women in western Europe during the High Middle Ages and a member of the Ramnulfid dynasty of rulers in southwestern France.	Eleanor of Aquitaine	1 April 1204
date of death	Louis de Chastillon (c.1639--1734) was a French painter in enamel and miniature, and an engraver.	Louis de Chastillon	1734
date of death	Thomas Croxen Archer FRSE FSA FRSSA (1817 -- 19 February 1885) was a British botanist, and the first Director of the National Museum of Scotland, a post he held from 1864 until his death in 1885.	Thomas Croxen Archer	19 February 1885
date of death	Louise Da-Cocodia MBE (9 November 1934 -- 13 March 2008) was an anti racism campaigner and former Deputy Lord Lieutenant of Manchester	Louise Da-Cocodia	13 March 2008
developer	Halo Wars is a real-time strategy (RTS) video game developed by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 video game console.	Halo Wars	Ensemble Studios
developer	Heavy Weapon (or Heavy Weapon: Atomic Tank) is a side-scrolling shoot 'em up video game developed by PopCap Games and released in 2005.	Heavy Weapon	PopCap Games
director	Amma Cheppindi (English: Mother Said So) is a 2006 Tollywood drama film written, screenplay, dialogues and direction by Gangaraju Gunnam.	Amma Cheppindi	Gangaraju Gunnam
director	Ellos nos hicieron así is a 1952 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.	Ellos nos hicieron así	Mario Soffici
director	The Last Exorcism is a 2010 American found footage supernatural horror film directed and edited by Daniel Stamm.	The Last Exorcism	Daniel Stamm
director	Voodoo Island is a 1957 horror film directed by Reginald Le Borg and written by Richard H. Landau.	Voodoo Island	Reginald Le Borg
director	Crime and Punishment U.S.A. (1959) is an American feature film, directed by Denis Sanders, and is-- as the New York Times put it, ``a beat generation version''--of the novel Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.	Crime and Punishment U.S.A.	Denis Sanders
director	Con el diablo en el cuerpo is a 1947 Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and starring Susana Freyre, Juan Carlos Thorry and Tito Gómez.	Con el diablo en el cuerpo	Carlos Hugo Christensen
director	Radio Bar is a 1936 Argentine musical film drama directed and written by Manuel Romero.	Radio Bar	Manuel Romero
director	The Necessities of Life (French: Ce qu'il faut pour vivre; Inuktitut: Inuujjutiksaq ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑎᒃᓴᖅ or ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑦᐃᒃᓴᖅ (inuːjjutikˈsaq)) is a 2008 film directed by Benoît Pilon.	The Necessities of Life	Benoît Pilon
director	Gayniggers from Outer Space is a 1992 short film, directed by Danish filmmaker Morten Lindberg.	Gayniggers from Outer Space	Morten Lindberg
director	Noora (The Kiss of Life) is the first fiction film directed by Mahmoud Shoolizadeh, it has participated in major international film festivals and has won many awards.	Noora	Mahmoud Shoolizadeh
director	Horse Sense is a 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie, directed by Greg Beeman.	Horse Sense	Greg Beeman
director	Sportloto-82 (Russian: Спортлото-82) is a comedy film, directed by Leonid Gaidai and released in 1982.	Sportloto-82	Leonid Gaidai
director	Detective 909 Keralathil is a 1970 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Venu and produced by TC Sankar.	Detective 909 Keralathil	P. Venu
director	A Girl from Hunan (also known as Girl from Hunan) (Chinese: 湘女萧萧; pinyin: Xiāngnǔ xiāoxiāo) is a 1986 Chinese drama film directed by Xie Fei and U Lan.	A Girl from Hunan	Xie Fei
director	Free the Fish (Italian: Liberate i pesci!) is a 2000 Italian comedy film directed by Cristina Comencini.	Free the Fish	Cristina Comencini
director	Buonanotte... avvocato! (traslation: Goodnight... Lawyer!) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.	Buonanotte... avvocato!	Giorgio Bianchi
director	All Three of Us (original title: Nous trois ou rien; also known as The Three of Us) is a 2015 French comedy-drama film written, directed by and starring Kheiron in his directorial debut.	All Three of Us	Kheiron
director	Is Matrimony a Failure? is a 1922 American silent comedy film directed by James Cruze and written by Walter Woods based upon a play of the same name by L. Ditrichstein, which itself was an adaptation of the German play Die Thür ins Freie by Oscar Blumenthal and Gustav Kadelburg.	Is Matrimony a Failure?	James Cruze
director	Sugar Boxx is a 2009 ``women-in-prison'' movie directed by Cody Jarrett.	Sugar Boxx	Cody Jarrett
director	Anna-Liisa is a 1922 Finnish silent film directed by Teuvo Puro and Jussi Snellman based on the eponymous play by Finnish writer Minna Canth.	Anna-Liisa	Teuvo Puro
director	For Love and Others (original German title: Unser Wunderland bei Nacht) is a 1959 German anthology film, directed by Jürgen Roland, Hans Heinrich and Reinhard Elsner.	For Love and Others	Jürgen Roland
director	Love for Share (Indonesian: Berbagi Suami) is a 2006 Indonesian film directed by Nia Dinata.	Love for Share	Nia Dinata
director	Kitturina Huli (Kannada: ಕಿತ್ತೂರಿನ ಹುಲಿ) is a 1991 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed, scripted and produced by Sai Prakash.	Kitturina Huli	Sai Prakash
director	The Nazi Plan is a 1945 American documentary film directed by George Stevens.	The Nazi Plan	George Stevens
director	Al-Kompars (Arabic: الكومبارس‎) (International title: The Extras) is a Syrian feature film by director Nabil Maleh.	Al-Kompars	Nabil Maleh
director	Dollar Down is a 1925 American drama film directed by Tod Browning.	Dollar Down	Tod Browning
director	Bellini and the Sphynx (Portuguese: Bellini e a Esfinge) is 2001 Brazilian crime film directed by Roberto Santucci.	Bellini and the Sphynx	Roberto Santucci
director	Humanoids from the Deep was directed by Barbara Peeters (also called Barbara Peters) and its musical score was composed by James Horner.	Humanoids from the Deep	Barbara Peeters
director	A Woman Has Killed (Italian:Una Donna ha ucciso) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio Cottafavi.	A Woman Has Killed	Vittorio Cottafavi
director	Meraa Dost Meraa Dushman (Hindi: मेरा दोस्त मेरा दुश्मन; English: My friend my foe) is a 1984 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raj Khosla and produced by Johny Bakshi.	Meraa Dost Meraa Dushman	Raj Khosla
director	The Great Air Robbery (aka Cassidy of the Air Lanes) is a six-reel silent 1919 American drama film directed by Jacques Jaccard and produced by Universal Pictures.	The Great Air Robbery	Jacques Jaccard
director	You're Nobody 'til Somebody Kills You, is a forthcoming film directed by Michael A. Pinckney, founder and Managing Director of Black Noise Media, a production house based in New York City.	You're Nobody 'til Somebody Kills You	Michael A. Pinckney
director	Where to Invade Next is a 2015 American documentary film written and directed by Michael Moore.	Where to Invade Next	Michael Moore
director	Maa Ooru is a 1987 Telugu non-feature film written and directed by B. Narsing Rao.	Maa Ooru	B. Narsing Rao
director	Ghost-Town Gold is a 1936 American film directed by Joseph Kane and was the second entry of the 51-film series of Western ``Three Mesquiteers'' B-movies.	Ghost-Town Gold	Joseph Kane
director	Grain in Ear (Chinese: 芒种; Hangul: 망종; RR: Máng zhòng) is a 2005 Chinese film written and directed by Korean Chinese filmmaker Zhang Lu.	Grain in Ear	Zhang Lu
director	Full Tilt Boogie is a 1997 documentary directed by Sarah Kelly that chronicles the production of the 1996 film From Dusk till Dawn.	Full Tilt Boogie	Sarah Kelly
director	Kousek nebe is a Czech romance film directed by Petr Nikolaev.	Kousek nebe	Petr Nikolaev
director	The Office Wife is a 1930 American Pre-Code romantic drama film directed by Lloyd Bacon, released by Warner Bros., and based on the novel of the same name by Faith Baldwin.	The Office Wife	Lloyd Bacon
director	His Mother's Boy is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Rupert Hughes and Ella Stuart Carson.	His Mother's Boy	Victor Schertzinger
director	Winnie-the-Pooh Pays a Visit (Russian: Винни-Пух идёт в гости) is a 1971 animated film by Soyuzmultfilm directed by Fyodor Khitruk.	Winnie-the-Pooh Pays a Visit	Fyodor Khitruk
director	The Story of Ruth is a 1960 American historical romance film directed by Henry Koster, shot in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color, and released by 20th Century Fox.	The Story of Ruth	Henry Koster
director	The Swinging Cheerleaders is a 1974 comedy-drama film written and directed by exploitation film auteur Jack Hill (who was credited for writing the film as Jane Witherspoon).	The Swinging Cheerleaders	Jack Hill
director	Millennium Mambo (Chinese: 千禧曼波; pinyin: Qiānxī Mànbō) directed by Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao-Hsien, is a 2001 film.	Millennium Mambo	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
director	Corazón de criolla (English language: Heart of Criole) is a 1923 silent Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra.	Corazón de criolla	José A. Ferreyra
director	Social Genocide (Spanish: Memoria del saqueo) is a 2004 Argentine documentary film directed by Fernando Solanas.	Social Genocide	Fernando Solanas
director	The Boy and the Pirates is a 1960 film from Bert I. Gordon (``Mr. B.I.G.''), the master of giant monster films.	The Boy and the Pirates	Bert I. Gordon
director	A Flood in Baath Country (Arabic: طوفان في بلد البعث‎) is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay.	A Flood in Baath Country	Omar Amiralay
director	The Horse Thief is a 1986 Chinese film by director, Tian Zhuangzhuang.	The Horse Thief	Tian Zhuangzhuang
director	Our Beloved Month of August (Portuguese: Aquele Querido Mês de Agosto) is a 2008 Portuguese film directed by Miguel Gomes.	Our Beloved Month of August	Miguel Gomes
director	At the Potter's Wheel is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston.	At the Potter's Wheel	Lorimer Johnston
director	Absurda is a short film directed by David Lynch and shown at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival.	Absurda	David Lynch
director	The Sisterhood of Night is a 2014 film directed by Caryn Waechter and written by Marilyn Fu based on a short story by Steven Millhauser.	The Sisterhood of Night	Caryn Waechter
director	The Sweet and the Bitter (Italian: Il dolce e l'amaro) is a 2007 Italian crime-drama film directed by Andrea Porporati.	The Sweet and the Bitter	Andrea Porporati
director	Honour Thy Mother (German:Ehre deine Mutter) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Mary Carr, Walter Rilla and Anita Dorris.	Honour Thy Mother	Paul L. Stein
director	The Overland Telegraph is a 1929 American Western silent film directed by John Waters and written by Harry Sinclair Drago, George C. Hull and Edward J. Meagher.	The Overland Telegraph	John Waters
director	May Events (Czech: Bylo to v máji) is a Czech comedy film directed by Václav Berdych and Martin Frič.	May Events	Martin Frič
director	Johnny Mad Dog is a 2008 French/Liberian film directed by Jean-Stéphane Sauvaire, and starring Christopher Minie, Daisy Victoria Vandy, Dagbeh Tweh, Barry Chernoh, Mohammed Sesay and Joseph Duo.	Johnny Mad Dog	Jean-Stéphane Sauvaire
director	I cinque dell'Adamello (i. e. ``The Five from the Adamello'') is a 1954 Italian war drama film written and directed by Pino Mercanti and starring Fausto Tozzi and Nadia Gray.	I cinque dell'Adamello	Pino Mercanti
director	The Happy Housewife (Dutch: De gelukkige huisvrouw) is a 2010 Dutch-language film directed by Antoinette Beumer.	The Happy Housewife	Antoinette Beumer
director	Georgia, Georgia is a 1972 Swedish-American drama film directed by Stig Björkman.	Georgia, Georgia	Stig Björkman
director	Big Father, Small Father and Other Stories (Vietnamese: Cha và con và) is a 2015 Vietnamese drama film directed by Phan Đăng Di.	Big Father, Small Father and Other Stories	Phan Đăng Di
director	2 Harihar Nagar is a 2009 Malayalam film written and directed by Lal and produced by P. N. Venugopal.	2 Harihar Nagar	Lal
director	Far from Men (French: Loin des hommes) is a 2014 French drama film directed by David Oelhoffen.	Far from Men	David Oelhoffen
director	The Story of a Crime (Russian: История одного преступления, translit. Istoriya odnogo prestupleniya) is a 1962 Soviet animated film directed by Fyodor Khitruk and based on a screenplay by Michael Volpin.	The Story of a Crime	Fyodor Khitruk
director	Saving Santa is a 2013 computer-animated comedy film Created and Written by Tony Nottage and directed by Leon Joosen, Produced by Tony Nottage, Terry Stone and Nick Simunek.	Saving Santa	Leon Joosen
director	The Crimes of Stephen Hawke is a 1936 British historical melodrama film directed by George King and starring Tod Slaughter as the nefarious Stephen Hawke - who masquerades as the 'Spine-Breaker'.	The Crimes of Stephen Hawke	George King
director	Naanum Oru Penn (English: I am a woman too) is a 1963 Indian Tamil drama film directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar.	Naanum Oru Penn	A. C. Tirulokchandar
director	Sallie Gardner at a Gallop is a series of photographs consisting of a galloping horse, the result of a photographic experiment by Eadweard Muybridge on June 15, 1878.	Sallie Gardner at a Gallop	Eadweard Muybridge
director	The Adventures of Antar and Abla (Arabic: مغامرات عنتر وعبلة‎, Arabic: Mughamarat Antar wa Abla‎) is a 1948 Egyptian film directed by Salah Abu Seif.	The Adventures of Antar and Abla	Salah Abu Seif
director	Nadie hablará de nosotras cuando hayamos muerto (English: Nobody Will Speak of Us When We're Dead) is an awarded 1995 Spanish noir drama film written and directed by Agustín Díaz Yanes.	Nobody Will Speak of Us When We're Dead	Agustín Díaz Yanes
director	One Meat Brawl is a 1947 Porky Pig cartoon directed by Robert McKimson.	One Meat Brawl	Robert McKimson
director	General's Son III (Hangul: 장군의 아들 3; RR: Janggunui adeul 3) is a 1992 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek.	General's Son III	Im Kwon-taek
director	Convict Stage is a 1965 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Daniel Mainwaring.	Convict Stage	Lesley Selander
director	Blood and Bone is a 2009 American direct-to-DVD martial arts film directed by Ben Ramsey and written by Michael Andrews.	Blood and Bone	Ben Ramsey
director	Iniyum Marichittillatha Nammal is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Chintha Ravi.	Iniyum Marichittillatha Nammal	Chintha Ravi
director	The Billion Dollar Scandal is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Harry Joe Brown and written by Beatrice Banyard, Willard Mack and Gene Towne.	The Billion Dollar Scandal	Harry Joe Brown
director	Bezawada Bebbuli (Telugu: బెజావాడ బెబ్బులి) is a 1983 Indian Telugu film, directed by Vijaya Nirmala and produced by Atluri Tulasidas.	Bezawada Bebbuli	Vijaya Nirmala
director	Poppins (2012) is a Malayalam film directed by V. K. Prakash.	Poppins	V. K. Prakash
director	The 317th Platoon (French: La 317e Section) is a 1965 French war film set during the French Vietnam war (1946-54) directed by Pierre Schoendoerffer.	The 317th Platoon	Pierre Schoendoerffer
director	I Killed That Man is a 1941 American film directed by Phil Rosen that was a remake of his 1933 film The Devil's Mate.	I Killed That Man	Phil Rosen
director	Flirting in the Air (唐伯虎衝上雲霄) is a sex comedy film directed by Aman Chang.	Flirting in the Air	Aman Chang
director	Dokter Pulder zaait papavers (Doctor Pulder Sows Poppies) is a 1975 Dutch drama film directed by Bert Haanstra.	Dokter Pulder zaait papavers	Bert Haanstra
director	The Dub Room Special is a film produced by Frank Zappa for direct-to-video release in October, 1982.	The Dub Room Special	Frank Zappa
director	Uncle David is a 2010 British black comedy film directed by David Hoyle, Gary Reich, and Mike Nichols.	Uncle David	David Hoyle
director	In a 2014 oral history of ``A Glimpse of Tiger'' on Hidden Films, Gould explained that his main issues were with Anthony Harvey's ``directing before I even show up,'' for instance, making decisions about his and Kim Darby's costumes without his consent.	A Glimpse of Tiger	Anthony Harvey
director	The Accusation (Italian: Atto d'accusa) is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Giacomo Gentilomo.	The Accusation	Giacomo Gentilomo
director	The World Condemns Them (Italian: Il mondo le condanna, French: Les Anges déchus) is a 1953 Italian-French drama film directed by Gianni Franciolini.	The World Condemns Them	Gianni Franciolini
director	Lewat Tengah Malam (literally Past Midnight) is a 1971 Indonesian film and the first feature-length production by director Sjumandjaja.	Lewat Tengah Malam	Sjumandjaja
director	All About Women (Chinese: 女人不坏; pinyin: Nǚrén bú huài), originally titled She Ain't Mean and Not All Women Are Bad, is a 2008 Chinese romantic comedy-drama film directed by Tsui Hark.	All About Women	Tsui Hark
director	Herr Meets Hare is a 1945 Warner Bros. cartoon directed by Friz Freleng, under the Merrie Melodies series.	Herr Meets Hare	Friz Freleng
director	The Villain Foiled is a 1911 silent film short directed by Henry Lehrman and Mack Sennett early in his career.	The Villain Foiled	Henry Lehrman	Mack Sennett
director	Thamassu is an Indian Kannada film written directed by journalist Agni Shridhar, starring Shivarajkumar and Padmapriya.	Thamassu	Agni Shridhar
director	Aqui na Terra (Here on Earth) (1993) it's a Portuguese film directed by João Botelho.	Aqui na Terra	João Botelho
director	Ten Thousand Days (Hungarian: Tízezer nap) is a 1967 Hungarian drama film directed by Ferenc Kósa.	Ten Thousand Days	Ferenc Kósa
director	Hilde and the Volkswagen (German:Hilde und die vier PS) is a 1936 German comedy film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Ludwig Manfred Lommel, Grethe Weiser and Hilde Schneider.	Hilde and the Volkswagen	Heinz Paul
director	Restless City is a 2011 independent drama film directed by Andrew Dosunmu.	Restless City	Andrew Dosunmu
director	The Beauty of Vice (Serbian: Lepota poroka, Лепота порока) is a 1986 Yugoslav drama film directed by Živko Nikolić.	The Beauty of Vice	Živko Nikolić
director	The Cow Who Wanted to Be a Hamburger is an American independent short film directed by Bill Plympton.	The Cow Who Wanted to Be a Hamburger	Bill Plympton
director	Teta, Alf Marra was directed by award-winning filmmaker Mahmoud Kaabour.	Teta, Alf Marra	Mahmoud Kaabour
director	Aalaya Sikharam (Telugu: ఆలయ శిఖరం) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna.	Aalaya Sikharam	Kodi Ramakrishna
director	Moon Over Her Shoulder is a 1941 motion picture comedy directed by Alfred L. Werker.	Moon Over Her Shoulder	Alfred L. Werker
director	Murder-Set-Pieces is a 2004 American horror film written, produced, and directed by Nick Palumbo.	Murder-Set-Pieces	Nick Palumbo
director	Maduve Madi Nodu (Kannada: ಮದುವೆ ಮಾಡಿ ನೋಡು) is a 1965 Indian Kannada film, directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy and produced by Nagi Reddy and Chakrapani.	Maduve Madi Nodu	Hunsur Krishnamurthy
director	Achamillai Achamillai (Tamil: அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை, ``Fearless'') is a 1984 Indian Tamil language political satire film directed by K. Balachander.	Achamillai Achamillai	K. Balachander
director	The Dust Factory is a 2004 film directed and written by Eric Small.	The Dust Factory	Eric Small
director	A Silent Love is a 2004 (Quebec) film written and directed by Federico Hidalgo and produced by Atopia.	A Silent Love	Federico Hidalgo
director	Should We Get Married? (German:Soll man heiraten?) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Manfred Noa and starring Vilma Bánky, Angelo Ferrari and Max Landa.	Should We Get Married?	Manfred Noa
director	First Blood is a 1982 American action adventure film directed by Ted Kotcheff.	First Blood	Ted Kotcheff
director	In Heaven There Is No Beer? (1984) is a documentary film by Les Blank about polkas and their devotees.	In Heaven There Is No Beer?	Les Blank
director	Soldiers in Hiding is a 1985 documentary film directed by Malcolm Clarke.	Soldiers in Hiding	Malcolm Clarke
director	Gajakesari is a 2014 Indian Kannada epic action film directed by cinematographer Krishna and produced by Jayanna and Bogendra.	Gajakesari	Krishna
director	Mere Humsafar (English: My Soulmate) is a 1970 Bollywood romance film produced by Yusuf Teendarwajawala on Labela Films banner and directed by Dulal Guha.	Mere Humsafar	Dulal Guha
director	Drushyam (English: Visual) is a 2014 Indian Telugu thriller film directed by Sripriya and jointly produced by Daggubati Suresh Babu and Rajkumar Sethupathi.	Drushyam	Sripriya
director	The Gentleman Bandit retitled after theatrical release as Gentleman B., is a crime-drama film by producer-director Jordan Alan released in 2002.	The Gentleman Bandit	Jordan Alan
director	Entre la coupe et l'élection (Between the Cup and the Election) is a 2008 documentary film co-directed by Monique Mbeka Phoba and Guy Kabeya Muya.	Entre la coupe et l'élection	Monique Mbeka Phoba	Guy Kabeya Muya
director	Who I Am And What I Want is a 7-minute animated short directed by Chris Shepherd and David Shrigley in 2005.	Who I Am And What I Want	Chris Shepherd	David Shrigley
director	The Dupes (Arabic: المخدوعون‎; Al-makhdu'un) is a 1973 Syrian drama film directed by Tewfik Saleh and starring Mohamed Kheir-Halouani, Abderrahman Alrahy, Bassan Lotfi, Saleh Kholoki and Thanaa Debsi.	The Dupes	Tewfik Saleh
director	My Cousin is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Edward José and written by Margaret Turnbull.	My Cousin	Edward José
director	Det gamle guld is a 1951 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.	Det gamle guld	Jon Iversen	Alice O'Fredericks
director	Apa Khabar Orang Kampung (English title:Village People Radio Show) is a 2007 Malaysian documentary by Amir Muhammad.	Apa Khabar Orang Kampung	Amir Muhammad
director	Los Monstruos del Terror (English: The Monsters of Terror), also known as Dracula vs. Frankenstein, Reincarnator and Assignment Terror, is a 1970 Spanish-German-Italian horror film directed by Tulio Demicheli, Hugo Fregonese and Eberhard Meichsner.	Los Monstruos del Terror	Tulio Demicheli	Hugo Fregonese
director	The Fatal Sign is a 1920 American drama film serial directed by Stuart Paton.	The Fatal Sign	Stuart Paton
director	Som folk är mest (English: As people are most) is a 1944 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Som folk är mest	Hasse Ekman
director	The Sap from Syracuse is a 1930 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and written by John Griffith Wray, along with Jack O'Donnell, John Hayden and Gertrude Purcell.	The Sap from Syracuse	A. Edward Sutherland
director	Lovesick on Nana Street (translit. Hole Ahava B'Shikun Gimel) is a 1995 Israeli comedy drama film directed by Savi Gabizon.	Lovesick on Nana Street	Savi Gabizon
director	Perils of Nyoka is a 1942 Republic Movie serial directed by William Witney.	Perils of Nyoka	William Witney
director	Bony a klid is a Czech drama film directed by Vít Olmer.	Bony a klid	Vít Olmer
director	Spies of the Air (aka Spies in the Air and The Fifth Column) is a 1939 British adventure film directed by David MacDonald and based on the play Official Secret by Jeffrey Dell.	Spies of the Air	David MacDonald
director	Good Fortune in Ohio (German:Glück aus Ohio) is a 1950 West German comedy film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Hermann Brix, Edith Prager and Loni Heuser.	Good Fortune in Ohio	Heinz Paul
director	Padlocked is a 1926 American drama silent film directed by Allan Dwan and written by Rex Beach, Becky Gardiner, James Shelley Hamilton.	Padlocked	Allan Dwan
director	Wild Target is a 2010 black comedy film, directed by Jonathan Lynn.	Wild Target	Jonathan Lynn
director	The Stuntmen is a one-hour documentary for Australian TV written and directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith.	The Stuntmen	Brian Trenchard-Smith
director	Bring Me the Head of Charlie Brown is an animated short directed and animated by Jim Reardon, who would later become director and storyboard consultant for The Simpsons.	Bring Me the Head of Charlie Brown	Jim Reardon
director	Big Man, Little Love (Turkish: Büyük Adam Küçük Aşk, Kurdish: Hejar) is a 2001 international co-production drama film, written and directed by Handan İpekçi, about an orphaned Kurdish child and a Turkish pensioner thrown together by circumstance.	Big Man, Little Love	Handan İpekçi
director	Nunca pasa nada or Nothing Ever Happens is a 1963 Spanish-French drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem.	Nunca pasa nada	Juan Antonio Bardem
director	Gariber Sansar is a 2000 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Subrato Saha Ray.The film has bean music composed by Alauddin Ali.	Gariber Sansar	Swapan Saha
director	Her First Affaire is a 1932 British drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Ida Lupino, George Curzon and Diana Napier.	Her First Affaire	Allan Dwan
director	On Death Row is a television mini-series written and directed by Werner Herzog.	On Death Row	Werner Herzog
director	I'm a Big Shot Now is a 1936 Merrie Melodies cartoon short directed by Friz Freleng.	I'm a Big Shot Now	Friz Freleng
director	The Recoil is a 1917 silent drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring William Courtenay.	The Recoil	George Fitzmaurice
director	Rentadick is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Jim Clark and starring James Booth, Richard Briers, Julie Ege, Ronald Fraser and Donald Sinden.	Rentadick	Jim Clark
director	Ivan and Alexandra (Bulgarian: 1952: Иван и Александра, translit. 1952: Ivan i Aleksandra) is a 1989 Bulgarian drama film directed by Ivan Nitchev.	Ivan and Alexandra	Ivan Nitchev
director	Curse of the Zodiac is a 2007 American horror film from Lionsgate, written and directed by Ulli Lommel, inspired by the true story of the hunt for a notorious serial killer known as ``Zodiac'' who claimed responsibility for the still unsolved murders.	Curse of the Zodiac	Ulli Lommel
director	The Last Witch Hunter is a 2015 American dark fantasy action thriller film directed by Breck Eisner and written by Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless.	The Last Witch Hunter	Breck Eisner
director	A Dancer's Life (also known as First Position) is a 1972 American documentary film directed by William Richert, produced by Warner Bros. Pictures.	A Dancer's Life	William Richert
director	Cathy Come Home is a 1966 BBC television play by Jeremy Sandford, produced by Tony Garnett and directed by Ken Loach, about homelessness.	Cathy Come Home	Ken Loach
director	Chirag (Hindi: चिराग; English: Light) is a 1969 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raj Khosla.	Chirag	Raj Khosla
director	Bollenti spiriti is a 1981 Italian fantasy-comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani.	Bollenti spiriti	Giorgio Capitani
director	An Extraordinary Cab Accident is a 1903 British short silent comedy film, directed by Walter R. Booth, featuring a gentleman making a miraculous recovery after being trampled underfoot by a horse and cab.	An Extraordinary Cab Accident	Walter R. Booth
director	Mr. Celebrity is a 1941 American comedy film directed by William Beaudine.	Mr. Celebrity	William Beaudine
director	Cochin Express is a 1967 Indian Malayalam thriller film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by T. E. Vasudevan.	Cochin Express	M. Krishnan Nair
director	Vaasthavam (English: The Reality) is a 2006 Malayalam film written by Babu Janardhanan and directed by M. Padmakumar.	Vaasthavam	M. Padmakumar
director	Ghazab Tamasha, correct name GAJAB TAMAASA, is a 1992 family-drama-romantic film, produced and directed by Ranjeet.	Ghazab Tamasha	Ranjeet
director	The Myth of Fingerprints is a 1997 American film drama written and directed by Bart Freundlich.	The Myth of Fingerprints	Bart Freundlich
director	Slick Hare is a 1947 Merrie Melodies Bugs Bunny cartoon, directed by Friz Freleng.	Slick Hare	Friz Freleng
director	Pakeezah (Urdu: پاکیزہ‎, Hindi: पाकीज़ा; Pākīzā, meaning ``Pure'') is a 1972 Indian film, written and directed by Kamal Amrohi, who was known for his perfectionism.	Pakeezah	Kamal Amrohi
director	Beyond Paradise is a 1998 American independent film directed by David L. Cunningham.	Beyond Paradise	David L. Cunningham
director	Manmani (Happy-Go-Lucky) is a 1947 Hindi social film directed by Sarvottam Badami and produced by Ajit Pictures.	Manmani	Sarvottam Badami
director	Thampu (English: The Circus Tent, 1978) is a highly acclaimed Malayalam film written and directed by G. Aravindan.	Thampu	G. Aravindan
director	The Sick Kitten is a 1903 British short silent comedy film, directed by George Albert Smith, featuring two young children tending to a sick kitten.	The Sick Kitten	George Albert Smith
director	Hinugot sa Langit (lit. ``Snatched from Heaven'') is a 1985 Gawad Urian Award winning Filipino melodramatic film directed by Ishmael Bernal based on moral values.	Hinugot sa Langit	Ishmael Bernal
director	The Age for Love was a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film (now lost) directed by Frank Lloyd based on the 1930 novel of the same name by Ernest Pascal.	The Age for Love	Frank Lloyd
director	Carnival Scenes (Romanian: De ce trag clopotele, Mitică?) is a 1981 Romanian drama film directed by Lucian Pintilie.	Carnival Scenes	Lucian Pintilie
director	The Orphic Trilogy is a series of three films directed by Jean Cocteau:	The Orphic Trilogy	Jean Cocteau
director	Ponnunjal (Tamil: பொன்னூஞ்சல்) is a 1973 Indian Tamil film, directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by K. S. Kutralingam.	Ponnunjal	C. V. Rajendran
director	Kallan Pavithran (Malayalam: കള്ളൻ പവിത്രൻ, English: Pavithran, the Thief) is a 1981 Malayalam film written and directed by P. Padmarajan.	Kallan Pavithran	P. Padmarajan
director	Blood Freak is a 1972 American horror film, directed by Brad F. Grinter and starring Steve Hawkes.	Blood Freak	Brad F. Grinter
director	Pussycat, Pussycat, I Love You is a 1970 American comedy film directed by Rod Amateau, intended as a sequel to the 1965 film What's New, Pussycat?.	Pussycat, Pussycat, I Love You	Rod Amateau
director	Yeh Dil Aashiqanaa is an Indian Romantic Action film that is directed by Kuku Kohli.	Yeh Dil Aashiqanaa	Kuku Kohli
director	Pesum Dheivam (Tamil: பேசும் தெய்வம்) is a 1967 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. S. Gopalakrishnan and produced by R. Balasubramaniam.	Pesum Dheivam	K. S. Gopalakrishnan
director	El huérfano is a 1926 Chilean short silent film, the last to be directed in Chile by Carlos F. Borcosque before moving to Hollywood.	El huérfano	Carlos F. Borcosque
director	A Taste of Cold Steel or (Chinese: 武林風雲; Wu lin feng yun) is a 1970 Hong Kong Shaw Brothers action film adventure directed by Yueh Feng.	A Taste of Cold Steel	Yueh Feng
director	Mission Kashmir is a 2000 Indian action drama film directed and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra.	Mission Kashmir	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
director	Ram Teri Ganga Maili (literally translated into English as ``Ram, your Ganges become impure'') is a 1985 Bollywood film directed by actor-director Raj Kapoor.	Ram Teri Ganga Maili	Raj Kapoor
director	Last Train to Mahakali (1999) is short film written and directed by Indian film director-screenwriter Anurag Kashyap.	Last Train to Mahakali	Anurag Kashyap
director	Desi Boyz (Hindi: देसी बोयज़) is a 2011 Indian comedy-drama film directed by debutant Rohit Dhawan, son of director David Dhawan.	Desi Boyz	David Dhawan
director	Fury of Johnny Kid (Italian: Dove si spara di più, Spanish: La furia de Johnny Kidd, also known as Ultimate Gunfighter) is a 1967 Italian-Spanish film directed by Gianni Puccini.	Fury of Johnny Kid	Gianni Puccini
director	Duped Till Doomsday (German: Betrogen bis zum jüngsten Tag) is a 1957 East German drama film directed by Kurt Jung-Alsen.	Duped Till Doomsday	Kurt Jung-Alsen
director	Martin in the Clouds (Martin u oblacima) is a 1961 Croatian film directed by Branko Bauer, starring Boris Dvornik and Ljubica Jović.	Martin in the Clouds	Branko Bauer
director	Hibiscus Town (simplified Chinese: 芙蓉镇; traditional Chinese: 芙蓉鎮; pinyin: Fúróng zhèn) is a 1986 Chinese film directed by Xie Jin, based on a novel by the same name written by Gu Hua.	Hibiscus Town	Xie Jin
director	Alibabayum 41 Kallanmaarum is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by M. J. Kurien.	Alibabayum 41 Kallanmaarum	J. Sasikumar
director	The Best of Youth (Italian: La meglio gioventù), is a 2003 Italian film directed by Marco Tullio Giordana.	The Best of Youth	Marco Tullio Giordana
director	The director of Hearts in Dixie was Paul Sloane.	Hearts in Dixie	Paul Sloane
director	Out to Kill is a 2014 film written and directed by independent filmmaker Rob Williams (Long Term Relationship, Back Soon, Make the Yuletide Gay, The Men from Next Door), who has made a name for himself in the gay genre.	Out to Kill	Rob Williams
director	An International Marriage is a 1916 American comedy silent film directed by Frank Lloyd and written by George Broadhurst.	An International Marriage	Frank Lloyd
director	The Conscript (Dutch: De loteling) is a 1974 Belgian drama film directed by Roland Verhavert.	The Conscript	Roland Verhavert
director	Torture Money is a 1937 American short crime film directed by Harold S. Bucquet.	Torture Money	Harold S. Bucquet
director	The Lord's Lantern in Budapest (Hungarian: Nekem lámpást adott kezembe az Úr Pesten) is a 1999 Hungarian film directed by Miklós Jancsó.	The Lord's Lantern in Budapest	Miklós Jancsó
director	Prarambha (Kannada:ಪ್ರಾರಂಭ, translation: Beginning) is a 2007 Indian short film directed by Santosh Sivan and funded by Bill Gates foundation.	Prarambha	Santosh Sivan
director	Savage Breed (Italian: Razza selvaggia) is a 1980 Italian drama film directed by Pasquale Squitieri.	Savage Breed	Pasquale Squitieri
director	The Brides of Sodom is an American feature film horror that was written and directed by Creep Creepersin.	The Brides of Sodom	Creep Creepersin
director	Heaven and Earth Magic (also called Number 12, The Magic Feature, or Heaven and Earth Magic Feature) is an American avant garde feature film made by Harry Everett Smith.	Heaven and Earth Magic	Harry Everett Smith
director	Amanda Fallon is a 1973 American TV drama film directed by Jack Laird.	Amanda Fallon	Jack Laird
director	Zay El Naharda (Arabic: زي النهاردة, On A Day Like Today) is a 2008 Egyptian thriller film, it was the debut of its writer and director Amr Salama.	Zay El Naharda	Amr Salama
director	Nokkukuthi is a 1983 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mankada Ravi Varma and produced by PP Kunjahammad.	Nokkukuthi	Mankada Ravi Varma
director	Me Ivan, You Abraham (French: Moi Ivan, toi Abraham) is a 1993 French-Belarusian film written and directed by Yolande Zauberman.	Me Ivan, You Abraham	Yolande Zauberman
director	Raja Chinna Roja (English: Raja, Roja and the Kids) is a 1989 Indian Tamil children's film directed by SP. Muthuraman.	Raja Chinna Roja	SP. Muthuraman
director	Iru Kodugal (English: Two lines) is a 1969 Tamil drama film directed by the veteran director K. Balachander.	Iru Kodugal	K. Balachander
director	24 Hours of Explicit Sex (original title: 24 Horas de Sexo Explícito) is a 1985 sexploitation B-film by Brazilian director José Mojica Marins.	24 Hours of Explicit Sex	José Mojica Marins
director	The Girl from Nagasaki is a 2013 romantic musical drama film directed by Michel Comte.	The Girl from Nagasaki	Michel Comte
director	Sheltered Daughters is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Edward Dillon, starring Justine Johnstone, Riley Hatch, and Warner Baxter.	Sheltered Daughters	Edward Dillon
director	To the Left of the Father (Portuguese: Lavoura Arcaica) is a 2001 Brazilian drama film directed by Luiz Fernando Carvalho, based on the novel of the same name by Raduan Nassar.	To the Left of the Father	Luiz Fernando Carvalho
director	For the Crown is a 1913 American silent short film written and directed by Lorimer Johnston.	For the Crown	Lorimer Johnston
director	Magic Waltz (Hungarian: Varázskeringö) is a 1918 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.	Magic Waltz	Michael Curtiz
director	Two Women (Italian: La ciociara, roughly translated as ``(The Woman) from Ciociaria'') is a 1960 Italian film directed by Vittorio De Sica.	Two Women	Vittorio De Sica
director	The American Hobo is a 2003 documentary film by writer and director Bobb Hopkins.	The American Hobo	Bobb Hopkins
director	Tom Sweep is an animated short film made by Michaël Dudok de Wit in 1992.	Tom Sweep	Michaël Dudok de Wit
director	Jeevan Prabhat (Dawn Of Life) is a 1937 Hindi film social drama, produced by Bombay Talkies and directed by Franz Osten.	Jeevan Prabhat	Franz Osten
director	The Deer Hunter is a 1978 American epic war drama film co-written and directed by Michael Cimino about a trio of Russian American steelworkers and their service in the Vietnam War.	The Deer Hunter	Michael Cimino
director	Good Morning, Vietnam is a 1987 American military comedy-drama film written by Mitch Markowitz and directed by Barry Levinson.	Good Morning, Vietnam	Barry Levinson
educated at	Amy Tuck currently serves as Vice President for Campus Services at Mississippi State University.	Amy Tuck	Mississippi State University
educated at	Somers graduated from the Design Academy Eindhoven in 2000 and then founded Studio Wieki Somers with fellow student Dylan van den Berg.	Wieki Somers	Design Academy Eindhoven
educated at	Chico Fletcher (born October 25, 1977) is a former American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Arkansas State University.	Chico Fletcher	Arkansas State University
educated at	Joe Luxbacher (born February 10, 1951 in Beadling, Pennsylvania) is a former head men's soccer coach at University of Pittsburgh.	Joe Luxbacher	University of Pittsburgh
educated at	Jack Graf (April 19, 1919 - September 14, 2009) is a former two-sport athlete at the Ohio State University.	Jack Graf	Ohio State University
educated at	From 1934 onwards, David Oistrakh held a position teaching at the Moscow Conservatory, and was later made professor in 1939.	David Oistrakh	Moscow Conservatory
educated at	John Siptroth was born in the Delaware Water Gap Borough, and later attended Stroudsburg High School.	John Siptroth	Stroudsburg High School
educated at	Reuben LaVell Edwards (born October 11, 1930) is a former American football head coach for Brigham Young University (BYU).	LaVell Edwards	Brigham Young University
educated at	Bilal Nazki was born on 18 November 1947 at Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, and was educated at the Aligarh Muslim University.	Bilal Nazki	Aligarh Muslim University
educated at	David Battisti is The Tamaki Endowed Chair of Atmospheric Sciences at the University of Washington and a fellow at the American Geophysical Union.	David Battisti	University of Washington
educated at	Julia Barfield studied at the Architectural Association School of Architecture from 1972 to 1978.	Julia Barfield	Architectural Association School of Architecture
educated at	From 1971 to 1979, Rosa Tavarez studied printmaking at the Art Students League of New York.	Rosa Tavarez	Art Students League of New York
educated at	Eric Banks earned his BA in Composition (1990) at Yale University, and his Master's and Doctoral degrees in Music Theory and Choral Studies at the University of Washington.	Eric Banks	University of Washington
educated at	William Warde Fowler (16 May 1847 -- 15 June 1921) was an English historian and ornithologist, and tutor at Lincoln College, Oxford.	William Warde Fowler	Lincoln College
educated at	Stevi Jackson earned her degree in Sociology from the University of Kent in 1972.	Stevi Jackson	University of Kent
educated at	Recording of Heaney reading all of his collected poems Heaney translated Old Irish marginalia for Songs of the Scribe by Pádraigín Ní Uallacháin, Traditional Singer in Residence at the Seamus Heaney Centre for poetry at Queen's University, Belfast.	Seamus Heaney	Queen's University, Belfast
educated at	Ken Novack, a graduate of Dartmouth College and Harvard Law School, is an American lawyer who currently sits on the board of BBN Technologies and is a special advisor to General Catalyst Partners.	Ken Novack	Dartmouth College	Harvard Law School
educated at	Born on 28 October 1921, John MacFarlane Cliff was educated at Bedford School, at Christ's College, Cambridge, and at St Thomas's Hospital Medical School.	John MacFarlane Cliff	Christ's College
educated at	Annet van Egmond was educated as a sculpturist at the Utrecht School of the Arts.	Annet van Egmond	Utrecht School of the Arts
educated at	Born in London in 1862, Philip Martineau was educated at Harrow School and played for the cricket team there in 1880 and 1881.	Philip Martineau	Harrow School
educated at	Maria João Rodrigues holds three master's degrees and a PhD in economics from the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne as well as a Degree in Sociology from the University of Lisbon.	Maria João Rodrigues	University of Paris
educated at	India's first University, the Senate of Serampore College (University) in West Bengal conferred upon Ananda Rao Samuel an honorary doctorate in 1989.	Ananda Rao Samuel	Senate of Serampore College
educated at	Jeff S. Shamma (born c. 1961) is an American control theorist and the Professor and Julian T. Hightower Chair in Systems & Control Systems and Controls at the Georgia Institute of Technology.	Jeff S. Shamma	Georgia Institute of Technology
educated at	Gunnar Malmquist was born in Ystad, where he completed his secondary school education before matriculating at the Lund University in 1911.	Gunnar Malmquist	Lund University
educated at	Alicja Sakaguchi earned a master's degree after studying Hungarian and Esperantology at Eötvös Loránd University in Budapest (1974 to 1979); she completed her doctorate in 1982.	Alicja Sakaguchi	Eötvös Loránd University
educated at	Hankook Ilbo Chair in Korean American Studies Born Seoul, South Korea, 1968 A.B. Harvard University, magna cum laude, Physics, 1990 J.D. Harvard Law School, magna cum laude, 1993 Professor Jerry Kang's teaching and research interests include civil procedure, race, and communications.	Jerry Kang	Harvard University
educated at	Bhabatosh Banerjee, Ph.D., is Professor, Department of Commerce and Dean Faculty of the Indian Institute of Social Welfare and Business Management of the University of Calcutta.	Bhabatosh Banerjee	University of Calcutta
educated at	Bruce Dickins, FBA (26 October 1889 -- 4 January 1978), a graduate of Magdalene College, Cambridge, was Professor of English Language at the University of Leeds from 1931 to 1946 (where he succeeded E. V. Gordon), teaching medieval English and Old Norse.	Bruce Dickins	Magdalene College
educated at	His father was a minister of the caudillo of San Juan, Nazario Benavídez, Saturnino María Laspiur became a lawyer in 1850 at the National University of Córdoba.	Saturnino María Laspiur	National University of Córdoba
educated at	Mark Ballard (born 27 June 1971) is a former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Lothians region between 2003 and 2007 representing the Scottish Green Party, was Lord Rector of the University of Edinburgh between 2006 and 2009, and co-convener of the Edinburgh Green Party from 2007--10.	Mark Ballard	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Amancio Alcorta was born in Buenos Aires, in 1842, and enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires, where he received a juris doctor, in 1867.	Amancio Alcorta	University of Buenos Aires
educated at	During 1915 to 1919, Tsai Shengbai studied at Lehigh University.	Tsai Shengbai	Lehigh University
educated at	Kanimozhi was a student of Presentation Convent, Church Park in Chennai and later did her Masters in Economics in Ethiraj College for Women from the Madras University.	Kanimozhi	Ethiraj College for Women
educated at	Jacob Christie Kielland took his architectural education at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1919.	Jacob Christie Kielland	Norwegian Institute of Technology
educated at	Born on 10 December 1893, Eustace Tickell was educated at Bedford School and at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich.	Eustace Tickell	Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
educated at	Paritosh Pandya studied for a BE degree in Electronics at the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda (1980), MTech degree in Computer Science at IIT Kanpur (1982), and a PhD in Computer Science at Bombay University/TIFR (1988).	Paritosh Pandya	Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda
educated at	The son of Hannibal Valdimarsson, Jón Baldvin Hannibalsson earned an MA in Economics from the University of Edinburgh in 1963.	Jón Baldvin Hannibalsson	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Vladimir Goldner (born 19 December 1933 in Ogulin) is notable Croatian physician, academic and professor at the School of Medicine, at the University of Zagreb.	Vladimir Goldner	University of Zagreb
educated at	Born to Howard and Goldie Swofford on July 25, 1933, Ken Swofford graduated from Southern Illinois University (Carbondale) in 1959 with a BS in theater.	Ken Swofford	Southern Illinois University (Carbondale
educated at	Achille Cattaneo attended the courses of drawing and architecture at the Brera Academy, where he was taught by Emilio Gola, from 1888 to 1896.	Achille Cattaneo	Brera Academy
educated at	Charles Soule attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he received his undergraduate degree in Asian and Middle Eastern Studies, with a concentration in Chinese language and history.	Charles Soule	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Anne Marie Anderson (born November 25) is an American sportscaster who is a graduate of Hofstra University in New York and Cherry Creek High School in Englewood, Colorado.	Anne Marie Anderson	Hofstra University
educated at	Manon Kahle earned her BA (Bachelor of Arts) in Theater and French between 1998 and 2002 at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, USA.	Manon Kahle	Smith College
educated at	In the fall of 1952, Pete Wilson enrolled at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, where he received a U.S. Navy (Marine Corps) ROTC scholarship, majored in English, and earned his Bachelor of Arts degree.	Pete Wilson	Yale University
educated at	Adam Rex received a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of Arizona.	Adam Rex	University of Arizona
educated at	Jeremy O'Grady is a British media entrepreneur educated at Trinity College, Cambridge and Cornell University.	Jeremy O'Grady	Trinity College	Cornell University
educated at	Luis López de Mesa Gómez (October 12, 1884 - October 18, 1967) was Colombian medical doctor, and Harvard psychiatrist, Dean of the National University of Colombia, and Minister of National Education, and Foreign Affairs.	Luis López de Mesa	National University of Colombia
educated at	Francis Mansell (bap. 23 March 1579 -- 1 May 1665) was Principal of Jesus College, Oxford on three occasions: from 1620 to 1621; from 1630 to 1648, when he was ejected by the Parliamentary visitation of the University of Oxford; and from 1660 to 1661.	Francis Mansell	Jesus College
educated at	Born in Seoul, Korea in 1968, Lee Jangwook majored in Russian literature the undergraduate and graduate school levels at Korea University.	Lee Jangwook	Korea University
educated at	Ruth Shaw Wylie was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and grew up in Detroit, Michigan, where she received her undergraduate degree and a master's degree in music composition at Wayne State University (WSU).	Ruth Shaw Wylie	Wayne State University
educated at	and Harvard University (MBA), Geoffrey Mulcahy started at Esso before moving to British Sugar and then Norton Abrasives.	Geoffrey Mulcahy	Harvard University
educated at	Reggie Oliver was educated at Eton (Newcastle Scholar, 1970, Oppidan Scholar) and University College, Oxford (BA Hons 1975), and has been a professional playwright, actor, and theatre director since 1975.	Reggie Oliver	University College
educated at	Benjamin Rodwell was educated at Charterhouse School and Trinity College, Cambridge, before being admitted at Inner Temple and called to the bar at Middle Temple in 1840.	Benjamin Rodwell	Trinity College
educated at	David Aberle received his undergraduate degree from Harvard University, graduating summa cum laude and had attended three field schools in the summer at the University of New Mexico.	David Aberle	Harvard University	University of New Mexico
educated at	Geraint Morgan was educated at Bedford School and University College of Wales, Aberystwyth and Trinity Hall, Cambridge.	Geraint Morgan	Bedford School	Trinity Hall
educated at	Geisel adopted his ``Dr. Seuss'' pen name during his university studies at Dartmouth College and the University of Oxford.	Dr. Seuss	Dartmouth College
educated at	Atika Suri graduated from the Design and Art Faculty of Trisakti University in Jakarta.	Atika Suri	Trisakti University
educated at	Vasanti N. Bhat-Nayak (10 June 1938 -- 12 February 2009) was a professor of combinatorics and head of the department of mathematics, University of Mumbai.	Vasanti N. Bhat-Nayak	University of Mumbai
educated at	Mona Al Munajjed gained a MA in sociology from New York University and a PhD in sociology from George Washington University.	Mona Al Munajjed	New York University
educated at	Ileana Streinu is a Romanian-American computer scientist and mathematician, the Charles N. Clark Professor of Computer Science and Mathematics at Smith College in Massachusetts.	Ileana Streinu	Smith College
educated at	He was educated at Westminster and Christ Church, Oxford, and having inherited a fortune from his uncle, also Peter Elmsley, a well-known bookseller, devoted himself to the study of classical authors and manuscripts.	Peter Elmsley	Christ Church
educated at	A graduate of Stone Ridge School of the Sacred Heart and Manhattanville College, she taught at the Stuart Country Day School of the Sacred Heart (Princeton, N.J.), which, in honor of her life, now annually awards the Barbara Boggs Sigmund Alumnae Award.	Barbara Boggs Sigmund	Manhattanville College
educated at	Kim Levin received a B.A. from Vassar College and an M.A. in Egyptian Archaeology from Columbia University, Department of Art History and Architecture.	Kim Levin	Vassar College	Columbia University
educated at	Betty Diamond received her B.A. in Art History (Magna Cum) from Radcliffe College in 1969 and her M.D. from Harvard Medical School in 1973.	Betty Diamond	Harvard Medical School
educated at	Shyeh Tjing Cleo Loi (born 1991 or 1992) is an Australian astrophysicist and undergraduate at the University of Sydney School of Physics.	Cleo Loi	University of Sydney
educated at	Peter Vansittart was educated at Marlborough House School, Haileybury College and Worcester College, Oxford, although he spent only a year at Oxford and did not graduate.	Peter Vansittart	Worcester College
educated at	Dinesh Thakur did his graduation from Kirori Mal College (KMC), Delhi University, where was also part of the KMC dramatic society.	Dinesh Thakur	Kirori Mal College
educated at	Pu Zhiqiang received an undergraduate degree in history from Nankai University in 1986, and a Master of Laws degree from China University of Political Science and Law in 1991.	Pu Zhiqiang	Nankai University	China University of Political Science and Law
educated at	Carl-Gunne Fälthammar (born December 4, 1931, Markaryd, Sweden) is Professor Emeritus at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, Sweden, specialising in space and plasma physics in the School of Electrical Engineering.	Carl-Gunne Fälthammar	Royal Institute of Technology
educated at	Charles Sumner Hamlin was born in Boston, Massachusetts on August 30, 1861, and graduated from Harvard University in 1886.	Charles Sumner Hamlin	Harvard University
educated at	The elder daughter of James Kidd, solicitor and Unionist MP for Linlithgowshire, and Janet Gardner Kidd (née Turnbull), a schoolteacher, Margaret Kidd was educated at Linlithgow Academy and graduated with an MA and LLB from the University of Edinburgh in 1922.	Margaret Kidd	University of Edinburgh
educated at	John Minor Wisdom was born on May 17, 1905, in New Orleans, Louisiana, and graduated from the prestigious Isidore Newman School there.	John Minor Wisdom	Isidore Newman School
educated at	After earning his degree from Michigan Tech at the Soo now Lake Superior State University in his hometown of Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, Bruce Martyn started in broadcasting doing play-by-play for the Soo Indians of the Northern Ontario Hockey Association on WSOO-AM in 1950.	Bruce Martyn	Lake Superior State University
educated at	Virginius Dabney was born on February 8, 1901 at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia, where his father, Richard Heath Dabney, was a professor of history.	Virginius Dabney	University of Virginia
educated at	A. K. Shiva Kumar earned his postgraduate diploma in management from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, and his MA in economics from Bangalore University.	A. K. Shiva Kumar	Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad
educated at	John Albert Cousens (November 17, 1874 -- July 2, 1937) was an American Universalist businessman and educator who was the sixth president of Tufts College (later Tufts University) from 1919 to 1937.	John Albert Cousens	Tufts University
educated at	In 1943 the family moved back to the ancestral home at Aligarh, where Jamal Khwaja joined the Aligarh Muslim University, the erstwhile MAO College for which his forefathers had worked so diligently.	Jamal Khwaja	Aligarh Muslim University
educated at	Pat Morris Neff (26 November 1871 -- 20 January 1952) was the 28th Governor of Texas from 1921 to 1925 and ninth President of Baylor University from 1932 to 1947.	Pat Morris Neff	Baylor University
educated at	Brigitte Young studied from 1978 to 1982 at the University of California, Santa Barbara and University of California, Davis, and from 1984 to 1990 at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.	Brigitte Young	University of Wisconsin-Madison
educated at	Mark Beer studied at both King Edward's School, Birmingham and Manchester Grammar School before graduating from Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford at the University of Oxford in 1993 after studying Jurisprudence, Law.	Mark Beer	King Edward's School, Birmingham	University of Oxford
educated at	After studying Law, Catherine Colonna successively enrolled at the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris and the École nationale d'administration.	Catherine Colonna	École nationale d'administration
educated at	Victoria Jordanova holds BA from Michigan State University.	Victoria Jordanova	Michigan State University
educated at	Born in 1960, Dmitry Liss is a graduate of the Moscow Conservatory, where he studied with the Music Director of the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra, Professor Dmitry Kitayenko.	Dmitry Liss	Moscow Conservatory
educated at	Reinhold Geijer is married to Lena Kristina Linhard PhD (born 1950) and together they have two sons, Erik Christoffer Reinhold Geijer (born 1985) and Sven Henrik Reinhold Geijer (born 1986), both studying at the Stockholm School of Economics.	Reinhold Geijer	Stockholm School of Economics
educated at	Danica Curcic attended Sankt Annæ Gymnasium before obtaining a bachelor's degree in film and media science from University of Copenhagen.	Danica Curcic	University of Copenhagen
educated at	Irwin Altman (born July 16, 1930 in New York City, New York), is a social psychologist who earned his B.A. degree from New York University in 1951, his M.A. degree from the University of Maryland in 1954 and his Ph.D. from the University of Maryland in 1957.	Irwin Altman	New York University	University of Maryland
educated at	Evan Roth received a degree in architecture from University of Maryland and a MFA from the Communication, Design and Technology school at Parsons The New School for Design, where he graduated as class valedictorian.	Evan Roth	Parsons The New School for Design
educated at	An accomplished storyteller, puppeteer, and children's librarian, Lucia M. Gonzalez started her career in library services to children in 1987 after receiving the Bachelor of Arts Degree in History from the University of California, Santa Barbara and while pursuing her Masters in Library Science at the University of South Florida.	Lucia M. Gonzalez	University of South Florida
educated at	John Neville Manners (6 January 1892 - 1 September 1914) played cricket for Eton College in Fowler's match in 1910, and died in the early weeks of the First World War on the retreat from Mons.	John Neville Manners	Eton College
educated at	Ginger Brooks Takahashi got her BA from Oberlin College.	Ginger Brooks Takahashi	Oberlin College
educated at	Martha Edelheit studied at the University of Chicago 1949 to 1951, New York University in 1954 at the same time as studying art with Michael Loew in 1954 to 1956 and studies in art history for Meyer Schapiro 1955 to 1956, and at Columbia University (Teachers College) in 1956.	Martha Edelheit	University of Chicago	New York University	Columbia University
employer	Raymond Wilson Chambers (12 November 1874 -- 23 April 1942) was a British literary scholar, author, and academic; throughout his career he was associated with University College London (UCL).	Raymond Wilson Chambers	University College London
employer	Elvis Mitchell (born December 6, 1958) is an American film critic, host of the public radio show The Treatment, and visiting lecturer at Harvard University.	Elvis Mitchell	Harvard University
employer	James Idwal Robling (1927 -- 9 June 2011) was a Welsh sports commentator, who worked for the BBC in Wales for almost 40 years.	Idwal Robling	BBC
employer	Joel S. Demski (born 1940) is an American accounting researcher and educator, and Frederick E. Fisher Eminent Scholar at University of Florida, inductees to the Accounting Hall of Fame in 2000.	Joel S. Demski	University of Florida
employer	Kwadwo Asenso Okyere was a Ghanaian and a former Vice Chancellor of the University of Ghana	Kwadwo Asenso Okyere	University of Ghana
employer	William Kirtley (1840 -7 October 1919) was the Locomotive Superintendent of the London Chatham and Dover Railway (LCDR) in England from 1874 until the merger to form the South Eastern and Chatham Railway at the end of 1898.	William Kirtley	London Chatham and Dover Railway
employer	Dr J J Lagowski was an American chemist working at The University of Texas at Austin.	J J Lagowski	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Henry Keazor (born 4 March 1965) is a Professor of Art History at the University of Heidelberg.	Henry Keazor	University of Heidelberg
employer	Klaas van Berkel (born July 24, 1953) is a Dutch historian, historian of science, and professor of Modern History at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, known from his work on the history of science in the Netherlands, particularly the work of Isaac Beeckman, Simon Stevin and Eduard Jan Dijksterhuis.	Klaas van Berkel	University of Groningen
employer	Born in Vienna of Austrian-Moravian ancestry, Hermann Mückler studied anthropology and political science at the University of Vienna.	Hermann Mückler	University of Vienna
employer	Dr Kevin Beurle (19 January 1956 -- 29 May 2009) was a British space scientist and programmer at Queen Mary, University of London, who played a key role in the Cassini--	Kevin Beurle	Queen Mary, University of London
employer	Jeffrey Scott Flier (born February 27, 1948) is an American physician, endocrinologist, researcher, and the 21st Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Harvard University.	Jeffrey Scott Flier	Harvard University
employer	Rohan Abeyaratne (Sinhalese: රොහාන් අබේරත්න) is a Sri Lankan born American academic and engineer and the Quentin Berg Professor of Mechanics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Rohan Abeyaratne	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Richard H. Helmholz is the Ruth Wyatt Rosenson Distinguished Service Professor of Law at the University of Chicago Law School, where he enjoys the affectionate nickname ``the Hammer'' from his students.	Richard H. Helmholz	University of Chicago
employer	Dick Blau (born 1943) is a professor of film at the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee, a photographer and film maker, and a figure in the study of photography of the family	Dick Blau	University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee
employer	Robert Francis Boucher, CBE, FREng (25 April 1940 -- 25 March 2009), usually known as Bob Boucher, was a British mechanical engineer, and Vice-Chancellor of both UMIST (1995--2001) the University of Sheffield (2001--2007).	Bob Boucher	University of Sheffield
employer	Russell Impagliazzo is a professor of computer science at the University of California, San Diego.	Russell Impagliazzo	University of California, San Diego
employer	Nicholas J. Cull (born 1964) is a historian and the director of the Master's in Public Diplomacy program at the Center on Public Diplomacy at the University of Southern California.	Nicholas J. Cull	University of Southern California
employer	Gavin Hewitt (born March 1951, Penge, London) is a British journalist and presenter, currently BBC News's News Editor.	Gavin Hewitt	BBC
employer	J. Keith Melville (22 September 1921 -- 15 June 1995) was a political science professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and the chairman of the Utah Democratic Party.	J. Keith Melville	Brigham Young University
employer	Theodore C. Bestor (born 1951) is a Professor of Anthropology and Japanese Studies at Harvard University.	Theodore C. Bestor	Harvard University
employer	Sylvia Chant (born 1960) is a professor of Developmental Geography at the London School of Economics and Political Science and is the Programme Director of the Urbanisation and Development Programme at the LSE's Department of Geography and Environment	Sylvia Chant	London School of Economics
employer	Ethel Hurlbatt (1 July 1866 Bickley, Kent - 22 March 1934 Tours, France) was Principal of Bedford College, University of London, and later Warden of Royal Victoria College, the women's college of McGill University, in Montreal, Canada, which had opened in 1899.	Ethel Hurlbatt	McGill University
employer	Harry Reis (born in 1949) is a professor of psychology at the University of Rochester.	Harry Reis	University of Rochester
employer	Stephen Glaister CBE (born 21 June 1946) is Professor of Transport and Infrastructure at the Department of Civil & Environmental Engineering, Imperial College London where he is also director of the Railway Technology Strategy Centre, a former board member of Transport for London and director of the RAC Foundation.	Stephen Glaister	Imperial College London
employer	Eugene Victor Wolfenstein (July 9, 1940 -- December 15, 2010) was an American social theorist, practicing psychoanalyst, and a professor of political science at University of California, Los Angeles.	Eugene Victor Wolfenstein	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Alan Hastings is a theoretical ecologist and distinguished professor in the Department of Environmental Science and Policy at the University of California, Davis.	Alan Hastings	University of California, Davis
employer	Prof. Carlos Fernández-Pello (born in Asturias, Spain) is a faculty member of the University of California, Berkeley, Department of Mechanical Engineering.	Carlos Fernández-Pello	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Don Durbridge (13 January 1939 -- 9 June 2012) was a UK radio presenter who started his career on the BBC Light Programme, and subsequently worked on the British Forces Broadcasting Service, and on BBC Radio 2,.	Don Durbridge	BBC
employer	Lori Wallach is the Director and Founder of Global Trade Watch, a division of Public Citizen.	Lori Wallach	Global Trade Watch
employer	Anil Kumar (born 1958) was a top senior partner and director at management consultancy McKinsey & Company, where he co-founded McKinsey's offices in Silicon Valley and India and created its Internet practice (representing a quarter of McKinsey's business at the time) among others.	Anil Kumar	McKinsey & Company
employer	Adrian Chiles (born 21 March 1967) is a British television and radio presenter who worked as the chief presenter for football coverage at ITV Sport from 2010 until 2015.	Adrian Chiles	ITV
employer	Stephen C. Stearns (born December 12, 1946, in Kapaau, Hawaii and raised in Hawi, Hawaii), an American biologist, is the Edward P. Bass Professor of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at Yale University.	Stephen C. Stearns	Yale University
employer	Jürgen Moltmann (born 8 April 1926) is a German Reformed theologian who is Professor Emeritus of Systematic Theology at the University of Tübingen.	Jürgen Moltmann	University of Tübingen
employer	Jesse Divnich is the current Vice President of Product Strategy & Insights at Tilting Point and the former Vice President of Insights and Analysis for Electronic Entertainment Design and Research (EEDAR).	Jesse Divnich	Electronic Entertainment Design and Research
employer	Joseph Curl is an American writer and political columnist for The Washington Times, where he has published Right Read, a news aggregator, since 2015.	Joseph Curl	The Washington Times
employer	Donald B. Campbell is an Australian-born astronomer and Professor of Astronomy at Cornell University.	Donald B. Campbell	Cornell University
employer	The University of San Francisco history department named their annual award for the best student-written history paper the David Herlihy Prize, and Brown University has established a David Herlihy University Professorship.	David Herlihy	Brown University
employer	Les Standiford is a historian and author and has since 1985 been the Director of the Florida International University Creative Writing Program.	Les Standiford	Florida International University
employer	René Jodoin (30 December 1920 -- 22 January 2015) was an animation director and producer who founded the French-language animation studio of the National Film Board of Canada.	René Jodoin	National Film Board of Canada
employer	John Marcellus holds a B.S. degree in Music Education from the University of Maryland and M.M. and D.M.A. degrees from The Catholic University of America.	John Marcellus	The Catholic University of America
employer	Carlos Baker (May 5, 1909, Biddeford, Maine -- April 18, 1987, Princeton, New Jersey) was an American writer, biographer and former Woodrow Wilson Professor of Literature at Princeton University.	Carlos Baker	Princeton University
employer	Françoise Meltzer (born 1947) is a professor of Philosophy of Religion at the University of Chicago Divinity School.	Françoise Meltzer	University of Chicago
employer	William James Booth, is a professor in the department of political science and in the department of philosophy at Vanderbilt University.	William James Booth	Vanderbilt University
employer	Alden G. Barber (March 1, 1919-January 17, 2003 in Sacramento, California) was a long-serving professional Scouter for the Boy Scouts of America, and served as the fifth Chief Scout Executive of the BSA from 1967 to 1976.	Alden G. Barber	Boy Scouts of America
employer	Charles Chilton MBE (15 June 1917 -- 2 January 2013) was a BBC radio presenter, a writer and a producer.	Charles Chilton	BBC
employer	Hongkun Park (born 1967 in Seoul) is a professor of chemistry and of physics at Harvard University.	Hongkun Park	Harvard University
employer	Vilem Sokol (May 22, 1915 -- August 19, 2011) was a Czech-American conductor and professor of music at the University of Washington from 1948 to 1985, where he taught violin, viola, conducting, as well as music appreciation classes directed primarily toward non-music majors.	Vilem Sokol	University of Washington
employer	Kenneth C. Catania (born 1965) is a biologist and neuroscientist working at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee.	Kenneth C. Catania	Vanderbilt University
employer	Lee Fitzgerald (born 1955) is Professor of Zoology and Faculty Curator of Amphibians and Reptiles in the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries Sciences at Texas A&M University.	Lee Fitzgerald	Texas A&M University
employer	Stéphane Richard (born 24 August 1961) is a French businessman and the Chief Executive and Chairman of the worldwide mobile phone network Orange.	Stéphane Richard	Orange
employer	Robert E. Connick (July 29, 1917 -- August 21, 2014) was a professor emeritus of chemistry at the University of California, Berkeley.	Robert E. Connick	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Alice Chalifoux (January 22, 1908 -- July 31, 2008) was Principal Harpist with the Cleveland Orchestra from 1931--1974 and, for many years, was its only female member.	Alice Chalifoux	Cleveland Orchestra
employer	Ahmet Yıldız (born in 1979 in Sakarya, Turkey) is a Turkish professor of Physics and Molecular Cell Biology at the University of California, Berkeley.	Ahmet Yıldız	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Sir (Thomas) Gregory Foster (10 June 1866 -- 24 September 1931) was the Provost of University College London from 1904--1929, and Vice-Chancellor of the University of London from 1928 to 1930.	Gregory Foster	University College London
employer	Scott Guthrie (born 1975) is an Executive Vice President of the Cloud and Enterprise group in Microsoft.	Scott Guthrie	Microsoft
employer	Heinrich Chantraine (February 1929 in Betzdorf, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany -- December 2002 in Mossautal, Hesse) was a German researcher, numismaticsian and professor of history at the University of Mannheim as well as the University of Mainz.	Heinrich Chantraine	University of Mannheim
employer	Harvey Weiss is an archaeologist who teaches at Yale University.	Harvey Weiss	Yale University
employer	David M. Fergusson is a professor of psychology at the University of Otago in Christchurch, New Zealand.	David M. Fergusson	University of Otago
employer	Dani Rodrik (born August 14, 1957) is a Turkish economist and Ford Foundation Professor of International Political Economy at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.	Dani Rodrik	Harvard University
employer	Rafael Caro Quintero (born October 3, 1952) is a Mexican drug trafficker who founded the now-disintegrated Guadalajara Cartel with Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo and other drug traffickers in the 1970s.	Rafael Caro Quintero	Guadalajara Cartel
employer	The Piet Zwart Institute of the Willem de Kooning Academy Rotterdam -- the same art school of which he was a professor in the 1920s -- is named after him.	Piet Zwart	Willem de Kooning Academy
employer	The University of Mannheim grants the annual award ``Elisabeth Altmann-Gottheiner-Preis'' for students' theses on gender research.	Elisabeth Altmann-Gottheiner	University of Mannheim
employer	Daniel D. Polsby (born 1945) is former dean of the law school and professor of law at George Mason University and was previously Kirkland and Ellis Professor of Law at Northwestern University.	Daniel D. Polsby	Northwestern University
employer	Scott L. Delp, Ph.D., is the James H. Clark Professor of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering at Stanford University.	Scott L. Delp	Stanford University
employer	Elaine H. Kim is an award winning writer, editor and professor in Asian American Studies at the University of California, Berkeley.	Elaine H. Kim	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Piers Wenger (born 1972) is a British television producer who was briefly Head of Drama at BBC Wales between January 2009 and May 2011.	Piers Wenger	BBC
employer	Thomas H. Pigford (April 4, 1922 -- February 27, 2010) was a professor and the founding chairman of the Department of Nuclear Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley.	Thomas H. Pigford	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Professor Michael Boehnke is a Biostatistician at the University of Michigan School of Public Health, where he directs the Center for Statistical Genetics.	Michael Boehnke	University of Michigan
employer	Mary Hawkesworth (born June 26, 1952) is a Distinguished Professor of Political Science and Women's and Gender Studies at Rutgers University in New Jersey.	Mary Hawkesworth	Rutgers University
employer	Arati Prabhakar (born February 2, 1959) is an American engineer and the head of DARPA, the United States Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, a position she has held since July 30, 2012.	Arati Prabhakar	DARPA
employer	Tyler Jacks is a Professor of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), an HHMI investigator, and director of the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research, which brings together biologists and engineers to improve detection, diagnosis, and treatment of cancer.	Tyler Jacks	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Erich Neuwirth (born October 17, 1948) is a professor emeritus of statistics and computer science at the University of Vienna.	Erich Neuwirth	University of Vienna
employer	David L. Katz (born 20 February 1963 in Los Angeles, California) is a nutritionist and the founding director of the Prevention Research Center at Yale University, as well as an associate professor of public health practice at the Yale University School of Medicine.	David L. Katz	Yale University
employer	Peter Christopher Caldwell, FRS, (25 January 1927-1 June 1979) was a professor of Zoology at the University of Bristol.	Peter Christopher Caldwell	University of Bristol
employer	Ismael Abraão Gaspar Martins (born 12 January 1940) is an Angolan diplomat and political figure who has been Angola's Permanent Representative to the United Nations since 2001.	Gaspar Martins	Angola
employer	Douglas Conant is an American businessman who served as President and CEO of the Campbell Soup Company until July 31, 2011.	Douglas Conant	Campbell Soup Company
employer	Marc Brettler (Marc Zvi Brettler) is an American biblical scholar, and the Dora Golding Professor of Biblical Studies at Brandeis University.	Marc Zvi Brettler	Brandeis University
employer	Andrew Oswald (born 27 November 1953, eldest son of the late Professor Ian Oswald) was until recently the Acting Research Director at the IZA Institute in Bonn and is a Professor of Economics at the University of Warwick, UK.	Andrew Oswald	University of Warwick
employer	Ann C. Noble is a sensory chemist and retired professor from the University of California, Davis.	Ann C. Noble	University of California, Davis
employer	Jennifer Platt FAcSS is a sociologist who is Emeritus Professor at the University of Sussex, where she taught from 1964 to 2002.	Jennifer Platt	University of Sussex
founder	The Catholic Church teaches that it is the one true church founded by Jesus Christ, that its bishops are the successors of Christ's apostles, and that the Pope is the successor to Saint Peter.	Catholic Church	Jesus Christ
founder	Blue Horizon Records was a British blues independent record label, founded by Mike Vernon in 1966.	Blue Horizon	Mike Vernon
inception	Toobs (later known as ``Tasty Toobs'') were a brand of Australian snack food, first created in 1954 by Albert Cranum, and owned and sold by the British Australian company The Smith's Snackfood Company.	Toobs	1954
inception	Nauru Airlines was established as Air Nauru and started operations on 14 February 1970 with an experimental service between Nauru and Brisbane, using a chartered Dassault Falcon 20 jet registered VH-BIZ.	Nauru Airlines	14 February 1970
instrument	Paolo Girolamo Besozzi (17 April 1704 -- 1778) was an Italian oboe virtuoso, bassoonist who devoted his life to the study of the bassoon and oboe.	Paolo Girolamo Besozzi	oboe
instrument	Matt McJunkins was raised in Palm Springs, California, where he started playing bass guitar at the age of 13.	Matt McJunkins	bass guitar
instrument	Ken Vandermark (born September 22, 1964 in Warwick, Rhode Island) is an American jazz composer and saxophone and clarinet player.	Ken Vandermark	saxophone
instrument	Stephen Burns is an American trumpet virtuoso, composer, and conductor.	Stephen Burns	trumpet
instrument	Moving to Providence, Rhode Island, he formed his own band, Johnny Nicholas and the Rhythm Rockers, which included Kaz Kazanoff on saxophone, Terry Bingham on drums, Sarah Brown on bass guitar and Ronnie Earle on electric guitar.	Johnny Nicholas	guitar
instrument	(born 4 October 1985) also known by his popular music name Clef nite is a US based Nigerian Afro classical guitarist, performer and music producer distinctively known for his percussive chord playing style on the Classical guitar.	Clef nite	guitar
instrument	Hilliard Greene (born 26 February 1958) is an American bassist (double bass, bass guitar) of Modern Creative and improvised music and music educator.	Hilliard Greene	guitar
instrument	Bart Berman studied piano with Jaap Spaanderman at a predecessor of the Conservatorium van Amsterdam and complemented his piano education with Theo Bruins and a master class by Alfred Brendel.	Bart Berman	piano
instrument	Salvador Sabo Romo is a bass and guitar player, composer and producer.	Sabo Romo	guitar
instrument	Born May 19, 1894 to a generational German Band family, Henry Busse studied violin and then trumpet (after a finger he had broken was set incorrectly) under his Oompah Band leader uncle.	Henry Busse	trumpet
instrument	Born in Caracas, Venezuela, of an American-born mother and a Venezuelan father, Gabriela Montero was barely a seven-month-old infant when her parents, at the insistence of her maternal grandmother, placed a toy piano in her playpen.	Gabriela Montero	piano
instrument	Giovanni Lorenzo Lulier, nicknamed Giovannino del Violone (Little John of the Violin) (c. 1662 -- 29 March 1700) was a Baroque Italian composer, cellist and trombone player of Spanish descent.	Giovanni Lorenzo Lulier	trombone
instrument	Sean Colig (born May 21, 1976 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian musician and record producer who has played guitar or bass in the bands SNFU, Savannah, SideSixtySeven and Minority.	Sean Colig	guitar
instrument	Kari Peitsamo's debut album Jatsin syvin olemus (1977) was still performed as a trio but the following albums would be solos where Peitsamo performed his songs accompanied only by an acoustic guitar.	Kari Peitsamo	guitar
instrument	Ralph Edmund Stanley (born February 25, 1927), also known as Dr. Ralph Stanley, is an American bluegrass artist, known for his distinctive singing and banjo playing.	Ralph Stanley	banjo
instrument	Gergely Sárközy is a Hungarian musician who plays guitar, lute, lute-harpsichord, viola bastarda, and organ.	Gergely Sárközy	guitar
instrument	Kenny Neal (born October 14, 1957, New Orleans, Louisiana, United States), son of Raful Neal, is an American blues guitar player, singer and band member.	Kenny Neal	guitar
instrument	Christian Morin has recorded a few records in which he plays the clarinet.	Christian Morin	clarinet
instrument	Debbie Horton is an American guitarist, DJ and songwriter who is the only woman to have ever played lead guitar for Johnny Cash.	Debbie Horton	guitar
instrument	Nils Jansen (born 30 March 1959 in Haugesund, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (saxophone and clarinet), known from several recordings and jazz orchestras.	Nils Jansen	saxophone
instrument	Erik Jayce Landberg is a Swedish guitar virtuoso, composer, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, lyricist and novelist.	Jayce Landberg	guitar
instrument	Narvin Kimball (2 March 1909 - March 17, 2006) was a jazz musician who played banjo and string bass and was also known for his fine singing voice.	Narvin Kimball	banjo
instrument	Vincente González Rubiera (27 October 1908 -- 29 September 1987), better known as Guyún, was an influential Cuban guitarist, harmonist and teacher, who tapped into classical guitar techniques to revive the accompaniment of the trova.	Guyún	guitar
instrument	Roy Ayers (born September 10, 1940) is an American funk, soul, and jazz composer and vibraphone player.	Roy Ayers	vibraphone
instrument	Arthur Grumiaux, Baron Grumiaux (French: (gʁy'mjo); 21 March 1921 -- 16 October 1986) was a Belgian violinist who was also proficient in piano.	Arthur Grumiaux	piano
licensed to broadcast to	WNSN, known locally as Sunny 101.5, is an adult contemporary radio station in South Bend, Indiana.	WNSN	South Bend
licensed to broadcast to	WTSK (790 AM, ``The Truth 790 AM'') is a radio station serving the Tuscaloosa, Alabama, area with a Gospel music format.	WTSK	Tuscaloosa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almaș (Hungarian: Háromalmás) is a commune in Arad County, Romania.	Almaș	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moskiewce (mɔsˈkʲɛft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Moskiewce	Gmina Orla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barefoot Landing is a large shopping complex located in North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.	Barefoot Landing	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owj-e Bala (Persian: اوج بالا‎, also Romanized as Owj-e Bālā) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Owj-e Bala	Sedeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hobart Historical Center (also known as Hobart Masonic Hall) is a historic building located in the village of Hobart in Delaware County, New York, United States.	Hobart Historical Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurabka (kuˈrapka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kurabka	Gmina Bolimów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baltusrol Golf Club is a private 36-hole golf club in Springfield, New Jersey, about 20 miles (30 km) west of New York City.	Baltusrol Golf Club	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Khvajeh (Persian: باغ خواجه‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Khvājeh; also known as Kalāt-e Bāgh-e Khvājeh, Deh Khvājeh, Khvājeh, and Khwāja) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Khvajeh	Doreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafr Shams (Arabic: كفر شمس‎, also spelled Kfar Shams or Kafr ash-Shams) is a small city in southern Syria administratively belonging to the Al-Sanamayn District of the Daraa Governorate.	Kafr Shams	Al-Sanamayn District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيرانوندجنوبي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District	Bayravand District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oroville Hospital is the main hospital for the city of Oroville, California.	Oroville Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Howe Barn is a historic barn, that has been converted into a house, in Ipswich, Massachusetts, USA, at 421 Linebrook Road (403 before the street was renumbered).	Howe Barn	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dutch Gap is located on the James River in Chesterfield County, Virginia; it was started as a canal by Union forces during the American Civil War to cut off a curl of the river controlled by Confederate forts.	Dutch Gap	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Esfahanuiyeh (Persian: باغ اصفهانوئيه‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Eṣfahānū’īyeh; also known as Eṣfehānūueeyeh) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Esfahanuiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monterey County Court House in Salinas, California was designed by local architect Robert Stanton in the Art Moderne or WPA Moderne style, and was built in 1937 using funds provided by the Works Progress Administration (WPA).	Monterey County Court House	Salinas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lachlan Valley Railway is an Australian rail preservation society based in the New South Wales Central Western town of Cowra.	Lachlan Valley Railway	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazanak (Persian: گزنك‎) is a city in Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gazanak	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watermill at Kollen (Dutch: Collse Watermolen) is a watermill along the river Kleine Dommel, located on the Collseweg 1 in 't Coll, Eindhoven, in the province of North Brabant, Netherlands.	Watermill at Kollen	Eindhoven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Cañada de San Miguelito was a 8,877-acre (35.92 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day Ventura County, California, given in 1846 by Governor Pío Pico to Ramón Rodríguez.	Rancho Cañada de San Miguelito	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ginu (Persian: گينو‎, also Romanized as Gīnū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnjkkhjan Province, Iran.	Ginu	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fitzroy Crossing Airport (IATA: FIZ, ICAO: YFTZ) is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) northwest of Fitzroy Crossing, Western Australia.	Fitzroy Crossing Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jedamki (jɛˈdamki) (German Jedamken) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jedamki	Gmina Miłki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allah Band (Persian: لله بند‎, also Romanized as Laleh Band) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Allah Band	Valupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamberhurst Quarter is a hamlet on the A21 road, in the English county of Kent.	Lamberhurst Quarter	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madan-e Hajat (Persian: معدن حاجات‎, also Romanized as Ma``dan-e Ḩājāt) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 392, in 68 families.	Madan-e Hajat	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Dome Mountain is the most northerly summit of the Camelsfoot Range, which lies along the west side of the Fraser River, north of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada.	Black Dome Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khopadi is a village in Sinnar taluka of the Nashik district in the Indian state Maharashtra.	Khopadi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Yili (Persian: ميان يلي‎, also Romanized as Mīān Yīlī; also known as Mīyānpulī) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mian Yili	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Meadow Waldorf School (GMWS) is an independent Waldorf school located in Chestnut Ridge, Rockland County, New York.	Green Meadow Waldorf School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	LeFleur's Bluff State Park is a Mississippi state park in Jackson, Hinds County, Mississippi in the United States.	LeFleur's Bluff State Park	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badameshk (Persian: بادمشك‎, also Romanized as Bādāmeshk; also known as Bādāmesh and Bādāmesh-e Bālā) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Badameshk	Fathabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakersfield City Hall (which is also referred to as City Hall South) is the center of government for the City of Bakersfield, California.	Bakersfield City Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verrettes (Haitian Creole: Vèrèt) is a commune in the Saint-Marc Arrondissement, in the Artibonite Department of Haiti.	Verrettes	Saint-Marc Arrondissement
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clear Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in northeastern California.	Clear Lake National Wildlife Refuge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butte Creek Summit (el. 3848 ft.) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by Oregon Route 19.	Butte Creek Summit	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr-e Zargareha Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: موتورزرگرهاشماره 2‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Zargarehā Shomāreh-ye Do) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Zargareha Shomareh-ye Do	Arzuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smętne (ˈsmɛntnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Smętne	Gmina Strzegowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoleykha (Persian: زليخا‎, also Romanized as Zoleykhā) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dashtabi District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Zoleykha	Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gore Place is a historic country house, now a museum, located at 52 Gore Street, Waltham, Massachusetts.	Gore Place	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Kolnie (ˈstarɛ ˈkɔlɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stare Kolnie	Gmina Popielów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arabkir District (Armenian: Արաբկիր), is one of the 12 districts of Yerevan, the capital of Armenia.	Arabkir District	Yerevan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saarbrücken Castle is a Baroque Château in Saarbrücken, the capital of Saarland.	Saarbrücken Castle	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrołęka County (Polish: powiat ostrołęcki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Ostrołęka County	Masovian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Planters Mercantile, is located in Bluffton, South Carolina.	Planters Mercantile	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. James Catholic College is a school in Cygnet, south of Hobart, Tasmania.	St. James Catholic College	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meszah Peak is a volcanic cone located 66 km (41 mi) north of Telegraph Creek and 136 km (85 mi) southwest of Zus Mountain in British Columbia, Canada.	Meszah Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver Bauhinia Star (Chinese: 銀紫荊星章, SBS) is the second rank in the Order of the Bauhinia Star in Hong Kong, awarded to people who have taken a leading part in public affairs or voluntary work over a long period.	Silver Bauhinia Star	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayranshahr also known as Chaghalvandi (Persian: چغلوندي‎, also Romanized as Chaghalvandī, Chaqalwandi, and Chaqalvandī; also known as Chagharvand and Chaqharvand) is a city in and capital of Bayravand District, in Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bayranshahr	Bayravand District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westbury College Gatehouse (grid reference ST573775) is a 15th-century gatehouse to the 13th-century College of Priests located in Westbury-on-Trym, Bristol, England, and now a National Trust property.	Westbury College Gatehouse	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winslow Township High School (WTHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Winslow Township, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States, that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades as the lone secondary school of the Winslow Township School District.	Winslow Township High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gałczyn (ˈɡau̯t͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gałczyn	Gmina Glinojeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyde is a locality in the London Borough of Barnet in London, United Kingdom, and also lies within Hendon.	The Hyde	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shabdeh (Persian: شبده‎; also known as Shībdeh) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shabdeh	Nazarkahrizi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moorefield and North Branch Turnpike (or North Branch Turnpike) was a turnpike in the U.S. state of Virginia (later West Virginia) built to facilitate travel and commerce between the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at Green Spring on the North Branch Potomac River and Moorefield.	Moorefield and North Branch Turnpike	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mowers' Block is a historic commercial block at 7 Willow St. and 67-83 Blake Street in downtown Lynn, Massachusetts.	Mowers' Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bletoppen is a mountain in Tinn, Telemark, Norway, and is the highest point in the mountain area Blefjell.	Bletoppen	Tinn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bell Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in rural Washington County, Ohio, United States.	Bell Covered Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łachoń (ˈwaxɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łachoń	Gmina Winnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pampa Hermosa National Sanctuary (Spanish: Santuario Nacional Pampa Hermosa) is a protected area in Peru located in the Junín Region, Chanchamayo Province, Chanchamayo District and in the Tarma Province, Huasahuasi District.	Pampa Hermosa National Sanctuary	Junín Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belilvand (Persian: بليلوند‎, also Romanized as Belīlvand) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Belilvand	Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minaret Lake is a lake in the Ritter Range, a subrange of the Sierra Nevada, in California.	Minaret Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moltke Watchtower (German: Moltkewarte) is an observation tower in the Harz Mountains of central Germany, near the village of Lengefeld, in the county of Mansfeld-Südharz in the state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Moltke Watchtower	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton Memorial Civic Center is a multi-purpose arena located in Canton, Ohio, USA, and is currently the home arena for the Canton Charge of the NBA Developmental League (NBADL).	Canton Memorial Civic Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoge Building is a 17-story building constructed in 1911 by, and named for John D. Hoge, an attorney and real estate investor, on the northwest corner of Second Avenue and Cherry Street in Seattle, Washington.	Hoge Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wharf of the Caravels (Spanish: Muelle de las Carabelas) is a museum in Palos de la Frontera, in the province of Huelva, autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Wharf of the Caravels	Palos de la Frontera
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baluchabad-e Sargorich (Persian: بلوچ ابادسرگريچ‎, also Romanized as Balūchābād-e Sargorīch; also known as Balūchābād) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Baluchabad-e Sargorich	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hill-Stead Museum is a Colonial Revival house and art museum set on a large estate at 35 Mountain Road in Farmington, Connecticut, USA.	Hill-Stead Museum	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barwiki (barˈviki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Barwiki	Gmina Radziłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marlin Airport is a public municipal airport located and owned by the city of Marlin, Texas.	Marlin Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szestno (ˈʂɛstnɔ) (German Seehesten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szestno	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilcloon (Irish: Coill Chluana, ``Woodland of the meadow'') is a parish situated in the south-east of County Meath in Ireland.	Kilcloon	County Meath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Princes Pier is a 580 metre long historic pier on Port Phillip, in Port Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Princes Pier	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Harrison Hotel serves as the flagship building of the Flag Land Base, the Church of Scientology's spiritual headquarters in Clearwater, Florida.	Fort Harrison Hotel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Shekar (Persian: سيدشكر‎) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Seyyed Shekar	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Cambooya was a local government area in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia, immediately south of the regional city of Toowoomba.	Shire of Cambooya	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashli Bolagh (Persian: داشلي بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Dāshlī Bolāgh; also known as Dāsh Bolāgh) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dashli Bolagh	Baba Jik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santiam Memorial Hospital Helistop (FAA LID: 5OR7) is a private heliport located one mile northeast of Stayton in Marion County, Oregon, United States.	Santiam Memorial Hospital Helistop	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pejavara (Tulu:ಪೇಜಾವರ) is a village located in the Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada, formerly known as South Canara or South Kanara, district of Karnataka, India.	Pejavara	Dakshina Kannada	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoshka Sara (Persian: خشكاسرا‎, also Romanized as Khoshkā Sarā; also known as Khoshkeh Sarā) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khoshka Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazhom is a village located in district Budgam of Jammu and Kashmir.	Mazhom	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juno Beach Academy of Canadian Studies is an Alternative Program public high school in Calgary, Alberta.	Juno Beach Academy of Canadian Studies	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narsipuram is a village located in Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, three kilometres from Parvathipuram.	Narsipuram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Joaquin Valley National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located at 32053 West McCabe Road, Santa Nella, in Merced County, California.	San Joaquin Valley National Cemetery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Towhid (Persian: شهرك توحيد‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Towḩīd) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Towhid	Shamsabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisonvalley is a village in Udumbanchola Taluk in the Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.	Bisonvalley	Idukki district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherbrooke is situated at the confluence of the Saint-François (St. Francis) and Magog rivers in the heart of the Estrie administrative region.	Sherbrooke	Estrie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Jalilu (Persian: قشلاق جليلو‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Jalīlū) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Jalilu	Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Federated Women's Club State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest located in the towns of Petersham and New Salem.	Federated Women's Club State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wietlin (ˈvʲɛtlʲin) (Ukrainian: Ветлин, Vetlyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wietlin	Gmina Laszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhuliangqiao Township (simplified Chinese: 朱良桥乡; traditional Chinese: 朱良橋鄉; pinyin: Zhūliángqiáo Xiāng) is a rural township in Ningxiang County, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China.	Zhuliangqiao Township	Ningxiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood Forever Cemetery, originally named Hollywood Memorial Cemetery, is one of the oldest cemeteries in Los Angeles, California.	Hollywood Forever Cemetery	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	William J. Ryan Estate, now Nissequogue Golf Club, is a national historic district located at Nissequogue in Suffolk County, New York.	William J. Ryan Estate	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bristol Mum Festival is an annual festival in Bristol, Connecticut which includes a Mum Parade in Connecticut.	Bristol Mum Festival	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garst House, also known as the Garst Museum, is an historic building located at 205 North Broadway in Greenville, Ohio, United States.	Garst Museum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baniyas Stadium is a stadium in the Bani Yas area of Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	Baniyas Stadium	Abu Dhabi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciochowice (t͡ɕɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ) (formerly German Ciochowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ciochowice	Gmina Toszek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Westerfeld House sits across the street from the northwest corner of Alamo Square at 1198 Fulton Street (at Scott St.) in San Francisco.	William Westerfeld House	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ferry County Carousel is an operational wooden carousel located three miles (5 km) east of the town of Republic, Washington on the Ferry County Fairgrounds.	Ferry County Carousel	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryn Mawr Campus Arboretum (135 acres) is an arboretum located across the campus of Bryn Mawr College, 101 North Merion Avenue, Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania.	Bryn Mawr Campus Arboretum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George H. Gurler House or simply, the Gurler House, is a home in the DeKalb County, Illinois city of DeKalb.	George H. Gurler House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwun Tong Kung Lok Government Secondary School (Chinese: 觀塘功樂官立中學; often abbreviated as KTKLGSS) is a secondary school located at 90 Kung Lok Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Kwun Tong Kung Lok Government Secondary School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michigan State Fairgrounds Coliseum (also Hockeytown State Fair Coliseum) is a 5,600-seat multi-purpose arena in Detroit, Michigan.	Michigan State Fairgrounds Coliseum	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pabumath is an Indus Valley Civilisation archaeological site in Kutch District of Gujarat, India.	Pabumath	Kutch District
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Presbyterian Church Sanctuary Building is a historic church building at 2001 Santa Clara Avenue in Alameda, California.	First Presbyterian Church Sanctuary Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajory Małe (baˈjɔrɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Bajory Małe	Gmina Srokowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kitt Peak National Observatory (KPNO) is a United States astronomical observatory site located on 2,096 m (6,880 ft) Kitt Peak of the Quinlan Mountains in the Arizona-Sonoran Desert on the Tohono O'odham Nation, 88 kilometers (55 mi) west-southwest of Tucson, Arizona.	Kitt Peak National Observatory	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Seu d'Urgell is also the capital of the comarca Alt Urgell, head of the judicial district of la Seu d'Urgell and the seat of Bishop of Urgell, one of the Andorra co-princes.	La Seu d'Urgell	Alt Urgell
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galfa Building or Galfa Tower (Torre Galfa in Italian) is a skyscraper in Milan, Italy, located in the Centro Direzionale di Milano district, north of the city centre.	Galfa Tower	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Zanuk (Persian: پيرزنوك‎, also Romanized as Pīr Zanūk and Pīrzenūk; also known as Bīrzanūk) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pir Zanuk	Fakhrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bay Centre, formerly the Victoria Eaton Centre, is a shopping mall in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Bay Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torakoro is a town and seat of the commune of Danou in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Torakoro	Danou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węgajty (vɛnˈɡai̯tɨ) (German: Wengaithen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Węgajty	Gmina Jonkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rameshk (Persian: رمشك‎, also Romanized as Remeshk; also known as Rāmīshk) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rameshk	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Church in Boston is a Unitarian Universalist Church (originally Congregational Church) founded in 1630 by John Winthrop's original Puritan settlement in Boston, Massachusetts.	First Church in Boston	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamellaht is a town in the commune of Tamacine, in Témacine District, Ouargla Province, Algeria.	Tamellaht	Témacine District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum at Penn State Behrend (725 acres) is an arboretum located across the campus of Penn State Erie, The Behrend College, in Erie, Pennsylvania.	Arboretum at Penn State Behrend	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołata (kɔˈwata) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kołata	Gmina Pobiedziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moraine Airpark (FAA LID: I73) is a public-use airport situated 4 miles (6.4 km) southwest of the city of Dayton in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.	Moraine Airpark	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Regent-Rennoc Court is a historic apartment complex located in the Southwest Schuylkill neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Regent-Rennoc Court	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Summerset Trail is a rail trail in Warren County in south-central Iowa in the United States.	Summerset Trail	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajongard cemetery (officially Central Cemetery, in Hungarian Házsongárdi temető, from German Hasengarten), on Avram Iancu Street, is one of the oldest cemeteries in Cluj-Napoca, Romania, founded in the sixteenth century.	Hajongard cemetery	Cluj-Napoca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minuteman Career and Technical High School is a Public Vocational High School (grades 9-12) located in Lexington, Massachusetts.	Minuteman Career and Technical High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institute of Living is a residential psychiatric facility in Hartford, Connecticut which merged with Hartford Hospital in 1994.	The Institute of Living	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paramount at Buckhead is a 478 ft (146 m) tall residential skyscraper in Atlanta, Georgia, and the tallest building in The Alliance Center complex.	The Paramount at Buckhead	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huron-Manistee National Forests are two national forests combined in 1945 for administration purposes and which comprise 978,906 acres (3,960 km2) of public lands, including 5,786 acres (23 km2) of wetlands, extending across the northern lower peninsula of Michigan.	Huron-Manistee National Forests	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadabad-e Amlak (Persian: سعداباداملاك‎, also Romanized as Sa``dābād-e Amlāk; also known as Sa``dābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 220, in 58 families.	Sadabad-e Amlak	Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh-ye Yek (Persian: پشته1‎; also known as Poshteh) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Poshteh-ye Yek	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Canal (2,846 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, situated south-west of Vrin in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Canal	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lankao County (Chinese: 兰考县; pinyin: Lánkǎo Xiàn) is a county of Kaifeng, Henan, China.	Lankao County	Kaifeng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dastgerdan District (Persian: بخش دستگردان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dastgerdan District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cherokee Outlet, often mistakenly referred to as the Cherokee Strip, was located in what is now the state of Oklahoma, in the United States.	Cherokee Outlet	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alipore Zoological Gardens (also informally called the Alipore Zoo or Calcutta Zoo) is India's oldest formally stated zoological park (as opposed to royal and British menageries) and a big tourist attraction in Kolkata, West Bengal.	Alipore Zoological Gardens	Kolkata
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barwałd Dolny (ˈbarvau̯t ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Barwałd Dolny	Gmina Wadowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tujerdi Rural District (Persian: دهستان توجردئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tujerdi Rural District	Sarchehan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putnam City North High School (PCN, PC North) is a public high school situated in Northwest Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States It is accredited by the North Central Association of Secondary Schools and is one of three high schools in the Putnam City School District.	Putnam City North High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soper Lake (Inuktitut: Tasiujajuaq, meaning ``big lake-like lake'') is a large, irregularly-shaped lake in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Soper Lake	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarence Square is a small park in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where Wellington Street West meets Spadina Avenue.	Clarence Square	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudboneh District (Persian: بخش رودبنه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rudboneh District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjomneh (Persian: انجمنه‎; also known as Anjumneh) is a village in Kusalan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Anjomneh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schkopau Power Station is a lignite-fuelled power station near the Korbetha part of the municipality of Schkopau in the district of Merseburg-Querfurt (Saxony-Anhalt), Germany, which was built in 1995/1996.	Schkopau Power Station	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingswood College Doncaster was a co-educational secondary school and primary school located near the corner of Anderson's Creek Road and Warrandyte Road, Doncaster East, Victoria.	Kingswood College Doncaster	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orote Field is a former air base in the United States territory of Guam built by the United States Marine Corps and the United States Navy (1921-1931).	Orote Field	Guam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Seyyed (Persian: دره سيد‎) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Seyyed	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saratoga Springs Visitor Center, also known as ``The Drinkhall,'' is a historic trolley station located at Saratoga Springs in Saratoga County, New York.	Saratoga Springs Visitor Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stalhille is a village in Jabbeke, a municipality in Belgium.	Stalhille	Jabbeke
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarlimak (Persian: سرليماك‎, also Romanized as Sarlīmāk) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sarlimak	Chehel Shahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pitminster is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Pitminster	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSRM (920 AM) is a commercial radio station programming talk in Soldotna, Alaska, broadcasting to the Kenai, Alaska, area.	KSRM	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamhang (Persian: هم هنگ‎; also known as Hamang) is a village in Mehran Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hamhang	Mehran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guma Gewog (Dzongkha: གུ་མ་) is a gewog (village block) of Punakha District, Bhutan.	Guma Gewog	Punakha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siksika 146 is an Indian reserve in southern Alberta, Canada.	Siksika 146	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Bistineau State Park, one of twenty-two state parks in Louisiana, is located on Lake Bistineau, a long and narrow waterway formed in 1800 as a result of extensive flooding created by a large log jam on the nearby Red River.	Lake Bistineau State Park	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naomikong Point Site, also known as 20CH2, is a Late Woodland period Laurel site archaeological site located in Bay Mills Township, Michigan.	Naomikong Point Site	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedermorschwihr (German: Niedermorschweier) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Niedermorschwihr	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chutani (Persian: چوتاني‎, also Romanized as Chūtānī; also known as Sheykh Bāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chutani	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spring Mountains are a mountain range of southern Nevada in the United States, running generally northwest-southeast along the west side of Las Vegas and down to the border with California.	Spring Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhabokrych (Ukrainian: Жабокрич) is a village in Ukraine's Podolia region in present-day Kryzhopil Raion, Vinnytsia Oblast, about 290 kilometres (180 miles) northwest of Odessa.	Zhabokrych	Kryzhopil Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nad Kanałem (ˌnat kaˈnawɛm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nad Kanałem	Gmina Tuchola
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gibson Mansion (also known as the Yolo County Historical Museum and the Gibson Museum) is a historic mansion that now serves as a museum in Woodland, California.	Gibson Mansion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darbnik (Armenian: Դարբնիկ; formerly, Malyye Demurchi, Pokr Shorlu Demurchi, and Demurchi) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Darbnik	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elgin National Watch Company Observatory is a historic building in Elgin, in the U.S. state of Illinois.	Elgin National Watch Company Observatory	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Olmsted City School District is the public school district that serves the city of North Olmsted, Ohio, United States.	North Olmsted City School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plumb-Bronson House, also known as the Dr. Oliver Bronson House and Stables, is a historic landmark in Hudson, New York.	Oliver Bronson House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbia Basin includes the southeastern portion of the Canadian province of British Columbia, most of the U.S. states of Idaho, Oregon, and Washington, the western part of Montana, and very small portions of Nevada, Utah, and Wyoming.	Columbia Basin	Idaho	Oregon	Montana	Nevada	Utah	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Argentière-la-Bessée is a commune of the Hautes-Alpes department in the Alps in southeastern France.	L'Argentière-la-Bessée	Hautes-Alpes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Ghoraifé (Arabic: تل غريفة‎) is a prehistoric, Neolithic tell, about 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Damascus, Syria.	Tell Ghoraifé	Damascus
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Dulnain (Gaelic: Tuilnean / Abhainn Tuilnein) is a major left bank tributary of the River Spey in northeast Scotland.	River Dulnain	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The nodes of the city in the Thane district are developed and are hence administered by the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) which was established in 1992.	Navi Mumbai	Thane district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Murt Lakhshak (Persian: بنه مورت لاخشك‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Mūrt Lākhshak) is a village in Margha Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Murt Lakhshak	Margha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arch Street Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian Church at 1724 Arch Street in the Logan Square neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Arch Street Presbyterian Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield San Francisco Centre is an upscale, urban Shopping mall located in San Francisco, California, managed by the Westfield Group and co-owned by Westfield and Forest City Enterprises.	Westfield San Francisco Centre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forest, also referred to as Forest Café, is an independent social centre and arts centre, located on Lauriston Place, central Edinburgh, Scotland.	Forest Café	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Simcoe was a United States Army fort erected in south-central Washington Territory to house troops sent to keep watch over local Indian tribes.	Fort Simcoe	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parliament of Canada (French: Parlement du Canada) is the federal legislative branch of Canada, seated at Parliament Hill in the national capital, Ottawa, Ontario.	Parliament of Canada	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sikome Aquatic Facility, commonly referred to as Sikome Lake, is a man made lake in the city of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Sikome Lake	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandrayan Gutta (Telugu: చాంద్రాయణగుట్ట) is one of the old suburbs in Hyderabad, India.	Chandrayan Gutta	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Ostoja (kɔˈlɔɲa ɔsˈtɔja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Ostoja	Gmina Zelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northland Public Library is a public library serving Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.	Northland Public Library	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yunnan is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the far southwest of the country.	Yunnan	People's Republic of China
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grimsby Dock Tower is a hydraulic accumulator tower and a maritime landmark at the entrance to the Royal Dock, Grimsby, in North East Lincolnshire, England.	Grimsby Dock Tower	North East Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Husky Ballpark is a college baseball stadium in Seattle, Washington, on the campus of the University of Washington.	Husky Ballpark	University of Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Mystkowska (ˈvɔla mɨstˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Mystkowska	Gmina Somianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kettering University (formerly General Motors Institute) is a private cooperative education and experiential learning-based university in Flint, Michigan, offering bachelor's and master's degrees in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) and Business fields.	Kettering University	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bamma Vickers Lawson House (also known as the Lawson House or Parris Lawson House) is a historic house in Sebastian, Florida, United States.	Bamma Vickers Lawson House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Francisco Morato is a suburban city in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Francisco Morato	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaer Ebrahimi (Persian: زايرابراهيمي‎, also Romanized as Zā'er Ebrāhīmī; also known as Ebrāhīm) is a village in Delvar Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Zaer Ebrahimi	Delvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kicheh (Persian: كيچه‎, also Romanized as Kehcheh) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kicheh	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Jesup is one of the largest lakes in Central Florida, one of many that make up the St. Johns River.	Lake Jesup	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarbagh-e Golin (Persian: سرباغ گلين‎, also Romanized as Sarbāgh-e Golīn and Sarbāgh Golīn) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarbagh-e Golin	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicholas Mountain, or Irons Mountain, is located in Allegany County, Maryland, United States and extending northeasterly from the North Branch Potomac River for 6 miles until 3.5 miles southeast of Cumberland, Maryland.	Nicholas Mountain	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Charles Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery managed by the Diocese of Brooklyn in Farmingdale, New York.	Saint Charles Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mariners Centre is a multi-purpose and double ice surface arena in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Mariners Centre	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyay Township or Prome Township is a township in Pyay District in the Bago Region of Burma.	Pyay Township	Pyay District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoved Island is part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut.	Hoved Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Davis Avenue Recreation Center is a historic recreation facility in Mobile, Alabama.	Davis Avenue Recreation Center	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Legare-Morgan House is a one-story clapboard structure built in Aiken, South Carolina around 1835.	Legare-Morgan House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulkovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Пулково, Aeroport Pulkovo) (IATA: LED, ICAO: ULLI) is an international airport serving Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Pulkovo Airport	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	WillowWood School is an alternative private school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada offering an Ontario Ministry of Education-inspected Grades 1 through 12 program.	WillowWood School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirapora is a municipality (município) in northcentral Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Pirapora	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diana's Punchbowl, also called the Devil's Cauldron, is a geothermal feature located on a small fault in Nye County, Nevada.	Diana's Punchbowl	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redick Tower, operated since 2011 as Hotel Deco XV, is an eleven-story building located at 1504 Harney Street in Omaha, Nebraska.	Redick Tower	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Somerset Brick and Tile Museum is in Bridgwater, Somerset, and is administered by The South West Heritage Trust.	Somerset Brick and Tile Museum	Bridgwater
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sturgis One Room School is a historic U.S. school located at 209 Willow Street, Pocomoke City, Maryland.	Sturgis One Room School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorton railway station serves Gorton district of the city of Manchester, England.	Gorton railway station	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Luhrs Building is an historic ten-story building located at 11 West Jefferson in Downtown Phoenix, Arizona.	Luhrs Building	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maziben (Persian: ماضي بن‎, also Romanized as Māẕīben and Māzī Bon; also known as Māzibin) is a village in Razab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Maziben	Razab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naranag (or Nara Nag) is a tourist village of Ganderbal district, Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Naranag	Ganderbal district	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centre Square Mall is a shopping mall in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada notable for being the largest shopping centre in the territory.	Centre Square Mall	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chickerell is a town and parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset, England.	Chickerell	West Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nepolokivtsi (Ukrainian: Неполоківці, Romanian: Nepolocăuți) is an urban-type settlement in the Kitsman Raion (district) of Chernivtsi Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Nepolokivtsi	Kitsman Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dayanatpur is a village in the Ghaziabad District of the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Dayanatpur	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Street Station (also known as The Narragansett Electric Company Power Station or Narragansett Electric Lighting Company Power Station) is an historic electrical power generation station at 360 Eddy Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	South Street Station	Providence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Dallachy is a small village situated in Moray, Scotland, approximately 2 miles south-east of Spey Bay.	Upper Dallachy	Moray
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oregon Zoo, formerly the Washington Park Zoo, is a zoo in Portland, the largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Oregon Zoo	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarmakchi (Persian: ترمكچي‎, also Romanized as Tarmakchī) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Takht-e Soleyman District, Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tarmakchi	Takht-e Soleyman District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almens (Romansh: Almen) is a former municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Almens	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Hempstead Presbyterian Church is located at the intersection of New Hempstead (Rockland County Route 80) and Old Schoolhouse roads in New Hemsptead, New York, United States.	New Hempstead Presbyterian Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hailey Masonic Lodge refers to a Masonic Lodge group and to its historic building, which was built in 1937 in Hailey, Idaho.	Hailey Masonic Lodge	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Titicus Reservoir is one of 12 in the New York City Water Supply System's Croton watershed.	Titicus Reservoir	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James H. and Cynthia Koontz House, also known as Koontz House, is an Italianate house in Echo, Oregon that was built in 1881.	James H. and Cynthia Koontz House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Targoszów (tarˈɡɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Targoszów	Gmina Stryszawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viničko Kale is an ancient ruin located on the hill above the town of Vinica, Republic of Macedonia.	Viničko Kale	Vinica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnshaven is a coastal village along the North Sea located in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Johnshaven	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hollywood Woman's Club is a historic woman's club, located at 501 North 14th Avenue, in Hollywood, Florida.	Hollywood Woman's Club	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred Buffat Homestead, also known as The Maples, is a historic home with several surviving outbuildings located on Love Creek Road in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.	Alfred Buffat Homestead	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	BB&T Field (the playing field contained in Groves Stadium) is a football field in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	BB&T Field	Winston-Salem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shantung Street (Chinese: 山東街) is a street in Mong Kok, Kowloon in Hong Kong.	Shantung Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Pisgah Academy is a four year secondary education boarding school located in Candler, North Carolina, United States, near Asheville.	Mount Pisgah Academy	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gruene Hall, was built in 1878 by Henry (Heinrich) D. Gruene and is located in the historical town of Gruene, Texas (now a part of New Braunfels), and bills itself as ``the oldest continually run dance hall in Texas.''	Gruene Hall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niestępowo (ɲɛstɛmˈpɔvɔ) (German: Nestempohl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Niestępowo	Gmina Żukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Munger district is one of the thirty-eight districts of Bihar state in eastern India.	Munger district	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konakanchi Vari Palem is a small Gram panchayat in Rompicherla mandal of Guntur district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Konakanchi Vari Palem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madison Country Day School is a nonsectarian, private day school in Dane County, Wisconsin for grades PreK through 12.	Madison Country Day School	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorasanak (Persian: خراسانك‎, also Romanized as Khorāsānak; also known as Khvorestāneh) is a village in Darzab Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khorasanak	Darzab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Porxada is a 16th-century corn exchange (llotja) in the Catalonian town of Granollers, near Barcelona.	La Porxada	Granollers
located in the administrative territorial entity	The largest regional airport in the state of Virginia, Manassas Regional Airport is located 30 miles from Washington, D.C.	Manassas Regional Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talgarth is a small market town , community and Wards and electoral divisions of the United Kingdom in southern Powys, mid Wales, with a population of 1,645, increasing to 1,724 at the 2011 Census.	Talgarth	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szałstry (ˈʂau̯strɨ) (German: Schaustern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szałstry	Gmina Jonkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dodderhill is a village and civil parish, near Droitwich, Worcestershire, England, located on the River Salwarpe.	Dodderhill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heath Center Historic District encompasses a rural village with predominantly 18th- and 19th-century structures in Heath, a small agricultural town in hills of northwestern Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.	Heath Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raziabad-e Pain (Persian: رضي ابادپائين‎, also Romanized as Raẕīābād-e Pā’īn and Raẕīābād Pā’īn) is a village in Razakan Rural District, in the Central District of Shahriar County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Raziabad-e Pain	Razakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha Beharan (Persian: مشاع بهاران‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ Behārān) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Masha Beharan	Ali Jamal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Røyknes is a village in the municipality of Vennesla in Vest-Agder, Norway, on the river Otra's west bank.	Røyknes	Vennesla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limuchi (Persian: ليموچي‎, also Romanized as Līmūchī; also known as Līmūchīhā) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Limuchi	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tafacirga (or Tafasirga) is a village and commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Tafacirga	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billericay (i/bɪləˈrɪkiː/ BIL-ə-RIK-ee) is a town and civil parish in the Basildon borough of Essex, England.	Billericay	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansureh-ye Mazi (Persian: منصوره ماضي‎, also Romanized as Manṣūreh-ye Māz̤ī) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mansureh-ye Mazi	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashlu Creek is a short and swift river-like creek in British Columbia.	Ashlu Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanvordem (Konkani: सांवड्डें Sanvodd'ddem, pronounced (sãːw(ɔ)ɖɖɛ̃ː)) is a census town in South Goa district in the Indian state of Goa.	Sanvordem	South Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Browhouses is a settlement in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Browhouses	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezno (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbɛzno)) is a market town and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Bezno	Mladá Boleslav District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWTH (91.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious format, licensed to Barstow, California, serving the Barstow area, the Victor Valley area, and along I-15 from the Cajon Pass to Baker and I-40 to Essex.	KWTH	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly was a manufacturing complex located 35 miles (56 km) south of Pittsburgh in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania near New Stanton.	Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamil-e Bala (Persian: شميل بالا‎, also Romanized as Shamīl-e Bālā) is a village in Ashkara Rural District, Fareghan District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shamil-e Bala	Ashkara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chingoli is an urbanised village which lies near Haripad town in Alappuzha district of Kerala.	Chingoli	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Piaz (Persian: ده پياز‎, also Romanized as Deh Pīāz, Deh Peyāz, and Deh Pīyāz) is a village in Hegmataneh Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Deh Piaz	Hegmataneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Seyyeda (Persian: كلاته سيدا‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Seyyedā; also known as Kalāteh-ye Seyyed and Amīrābād) is a village in Abravan Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Seyyeda	Abravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bower is an 1806 Federal style building in Jefferson County, West Virginia, USA.	The Bower	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raleigh Little Theatre (RLT) is a community theatre in Raleigh, North Carolina that produces 10 to 11 full productions annually and maintains a comprehensive youth and adult theatre education programs.	Raleigh Little Theatre	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Hancock Center is a 100-story, 1,127-foot (344 m) supertall skyscraper at 875 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois, United States.	John Hancock Center	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fouquet's (also known by its French popular name, le Fouquet's) is a historic restaurant in Paris, France.	Fouquet's	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armstrong/Waweig Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CKN6), was located 10 nautical miles (19 km; 12 mi) south southwest of Armstrong, Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.	Armstrong/Waweig Lake Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pico Airport (Portuguese: Aeroporto do Pico) (IATA: PIX, ICAO: LPPI) is an airport located 8 km (5.0 mi) from Madalena on the Portuguese island of Pico in the archipelago of the Azores.	Pico Airport	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paul Laurence Dunbar House was the 1904-1906 home of poet Paul Laurence Dunbar in Dayton, Ohio.	Paul Laurence Dunbar House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fall Hill is a plantation located near the falls on the Rappahannock River in Fredericksburg, Virginia.	Fall Hill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Từ Sơn is a county-level town (Vietnam) of Bắc Ninh Province in the Red River Delta region of Vietnam.	Từ Sơn	Bắc Ninh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawalów-Kolonia (zaˈvaluf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zawalów-Kolonia	Gmina Miączyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Lukens is a mountain peak of the San Gabriel Mountains, located in Los Angeles County, Southern California.	Mount Lukens	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Köllnischer Park is a public park located near the River Spree in Mitte, Berlin.	Köllnischer Park	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinsmen Stadium is the home of the Oshawa Legionaires .	Kinsmen Stadium	Oshawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meziboří (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɛzɪbor̝iː); German: Schönbach) is a town in the northwestern Czech Republic, in Most District.	Meziboří	Most District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaffin (Arabic: قفّين‎) is a Palestinian town located 22 kilometers (14 mi) northeast of Tulkarm in the Tulkarm Governorate in the northwestern West Bank.	Qaffin	Tulkarm Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michelbeuern is a neighbourhood of the Alsergrund, the 9th district of Vienna.	Michelbeuern	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judge Samuel Holten House (circa 1670) is a historic house located at 171 Holten Street, Danvers, Massachusetts.	Judge Samuel Holten House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Mahdi (Persian: تنگ مهدي‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Mahdī) is a village in Kheyrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Mahdi	Kheyrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartsville Regional Airport (IATA: HVS, ICAO: KHVS, FAA LID: HVS) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Hartsville, a city in Darlington County, South Carolina, United States.	Hartsville Regional Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institute of Culinary Education (ICE) is an American culinary school located in New York City, New York.	Institute of Culinary Education	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rossauer Barracks (in German, Rossauer Kaserne is a barracks in the 9th district of Vienna, in the Rossau quarter of the city. It now houses the Ministry of National Defence and Sport.	Rossauer Barracks	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chli Ruchen (2,944 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking the Brunnital south of Unterschächen in the canton of Uri.	Chli Ruchen	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobolów (sɔˈbɔluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Sobolów	Gmina Łapanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vardavanq (Armenian: Վարդավանք, also Romanized as Vardavank; formerly, Verin Gyodak’lu, Verin Gyodaklu, Yukhari Gedaklyu, Verin Gedaklu) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Vardavank	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stockmore Ranger Station, in Ashley National Forest in Duchesne County, Utah near Tabiona, was built in c.1914.	Stockmore Ranger Station	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasneno (Russian: Кра́снено) is a rural locality (a selo) in Anadyrsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located southwest of Anadyr, the administrative center of the autonomous okrug.	Krasneno	Anadyrsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandovan-e Bala (Persian: كندوان بالا‎, also Romanized as Kandovān-e Bālā) is a village in Chashm Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kandovan-e Bala	Chashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieścidła (pjɛɕˈt͡ɕidwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pieścidła	Gmina Naruszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qu Cham (Persian: قوچم‎, also Romanized as Qū Cham; also known as Qeshm and Qu Sham) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qu Cham	Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culzean Castle (/kʌˈleɪn/ kul-LAYN, see yogh; Scots: Cullain) is a castle near Maybole, Carrick, on the Ayrshire coast of Scotland.	Culzean Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Storthoaks No. 31, Saskatchewan was originally called Storkoaks and is now named Storthoaks as of March 15, 1912.	Rural Municipality of Storthoaks No. 31	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Army and Navy Academy is a college-preparatory boarding school for boys, grades 7--12, in Carlsbad, California.	Army and Navy Academy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lebredo is a parish in the municipalities of Boal, Coaña, and El Franco, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Lebredo	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mississippi River Delta region is a 3-million-acre (12,000 km2) area of land that stretches from Vermillion Bay on the west, to the Chandeleur Islands in the Gulf of Mexico on the southeastern coast of Louisiana.	Mississippi River Delta	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Manningham is a local government area in Victoria, Australia in the north-eastern suburbs of Melbourne and is divided into 12 suburbs, with the largest being Doncaster and Doncaster East, over an area of 114 square kilometres.	City of Manningham	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jałowy Róg (jaˈwɔvɨ ˈruk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Jałowy Róg	Gmina Płaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akhund Melk (Persian: اخوندملك‎, also Romanized as Ākhūnd Melk) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Akhund Melk	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostojów (ɔsˈtɔjuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchedniów, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ostojów	Gmina Suchedniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willisau District is one of the five districts (German: Ämter), of the German-speaking Canton of Lucerne, Switzerland.	Willisau District	Canton of Lucerne
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Francis Xavier Church and Newtown Manor House Historic District is the first county designated historic district in Saint Mary's County, the ``Mother County'' of Maryland and is located in Compton, Maryland, near the county seat of Leonardtown.	St. Francis Xavier Church and Newtown Manor House Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukiya (Persian: كوكيا‎, also Romanized as Kūkīyā and Kūkīā) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kukiya	Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaworznik (jaˈvɔʐnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarki, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Jaworznik	Gmina Żarki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierrepont Town Buildings is a historic town hall and related building complex located at Pierrepont in St. Lawrence County, New York.	Pierrepont Town Buildings	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myrtle Square Mall was the first enclosed shopping mall in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, United States, located in the heart of the city.	Myrtle Square Mall	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luper Cemetery is near Eugene, Oregon, and is one of the earliest pioneer cemeteries in the southern Willamette Valley.	Luper Cemetery	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMSS (91.1 FM, ``Super 91'') is a high school operated high school radio station serving the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area; it can be received as far south as (certain parts of) York, PA.	WMSS	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feuchtwanger Stable is a historic stable building located in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Feuchtwanger Stable	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prairie Knights Casino and Resort is a casino and lodge located near Fort Yates, North Dakota, on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation and about 50 miles south of Bismarck-Mandan.	Prairie Knights Casino and Resort	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haas Building is located at 219 West 7th Street, at the corner of Broadway and Seventh Street, in Historic Downtown Los Angeles, California.	The Haas Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Eynon (also spelt Port Einon, Porth Einon in Welsh) is a village and community in the city and county of Swansea, Wales.	Port Eynon	Swansea	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uboga (uˈbɔɡa) (German: Wörth) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Uboga	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valga County (Estonian: Valga maakond), or Valgamaa is the first-level administrative unit in Estonia and one of 15 counties of Estonia.	Valga County	Estonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAFC is a commercial christian contemporary music radio station in Anchorage, Alaska, broadcasting on 93.7 FM.	KAFC	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bull Run Mountains Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located along the Bull Run Mountains in Fauquier and Prince William Counties, Virginia.	Bull Run Mountains Natural Area Preserve	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidal Bacheh (Persian: بيدل بچه‎, also Romanized as Bīdal Bacheh) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bidal Bacheh	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Rzeczycka (ˈvɔla ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomyśl nad Sanem, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Rzeczycka	Gmina Radomyśl nad Sanem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarks River National Wildlife Refuge is a bottomland hardwood forest located in western Kentucky near Benton.	Clarks River National Wildlife Refuge	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shield's Crossing is a complex of buildings in the Hamilton County portion of Loveland, Ohio, United States.	Shield's Crossing	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rashgurd (Persian: رشگورد‎, also Romanized as Rashgūrd; also known as Rashgard and Rashkord) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rashgurd	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurin District (Persian: بخش کورین‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kurin District	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuck Noll Field is a 1,050-seat football stadium in Latrobe, Pennsylvania.	Chuck Noll Field	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tepetlán is a municipality located in the montane central zone in the State of Veracruz.	Tepetlán	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Karbalayi Hoseyn Ali (Persian: كلاته كربلائي حسين علي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Karbalāyī Ḩoseyn ʿAlī) is a village in Chahardeh Sankhvast Rural District, Jolgeh Sankhvast District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Karbalayi Hoseyn Ali	Chahardeh Sankhvast Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	There are sections of open ground in the London Borough of Haringey and the London Borough of Barnet which are still closely associated with Finchley Common (though no one uses the name), mostly woodland:	Finchley Common	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhbijar (Persian: كوه بيجار‎, also Romanized as Kūhbījār) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kuhbijar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockcliffe Park Public School (RPPS) is a public elementary school in the Rockcliffe Park neighbourhood of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Rockcliffe Park Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meridian Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in Meridian Township, a suburb of Lansing, Michigan, United States.	Meridian Mall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ayala Center is a major commercial development operated by Ayala Land located in the Makati Central Business District in Metro Manila, Philippines.	Ayala Center	Makati
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collegium Sapientiae (Sapience College; College of Wisdom; Sapienzkolleg; Sapienz; Sapienz-Collegium) was a preparatory academy and later theological seminary in Heidelberg in the early modern period.	Collegium Sapientiae	Heidelberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The District at Green Valley Ranch is a mixed-use development in Henderson, Nevada, adjacent to the east of Green Valley Ranch.	The District at Green Valley Ranch	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahnaz (Persian: اهنز‎, also Romanized as Ahanaz and Ehenz; also known as Āhang and Ahing) is a village in Qazqanchay Rural District, Arjomand District, Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Ahnaz	Qazqanchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maże (ˈmaʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Maże	Gmina Kalinowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakersfield College (BC) is a public community college located in Bakersfield, California, USA.	Bakersfield College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obelisk Beach (part of Obelisk Bay) is a nude beach in Mosman, New South Wales, Australia.	Obelisk Beach	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Woodward Christian Church, now known as The Historic Little Rock Missionary Baptist Church, is a Gothic Revival church located at 9000 Woodward Avenue in Detroit, Michigan.	Central Woodward Christian Church	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDKD is a radio station at 1310 AM and licensed to Kingstree, South Carolina, USA.	WDKD	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Roussel, also known as the Petit Ruau or Little Russel, is a channel running between the isle of Herm and Guernsey in the Channel Islands.	Little Roussel	Guernsey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sayville Congregational Church, also known as Sayville Congregational United Church of Christ, is a historic Congregational church at 131 Middle Road in Sayville, Suffolk County, New York.	Sayville Congregational Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brisbane Water is a wave-dominated barrier estuary located in the Central Coast region, to the north of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Brisbane Water	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinah Washington Park is a park located at 8215 S. Euclid Avenue in the South Chicago community area of Chicago, Illinois, USA.	Dinah Washington Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunken Meadow State Parkway (also known as the Sunken Meadow) is a 6.19-mile (9.96 km) long parkway in Suffolk County, Long Island, New York.	Sunken Meadow State Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince Abdullah Al Faisal Stadium (Arabic: استاد الأمير عبدالله الفيصل‎) is a stadium in the port city of Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.	Prince Abdullah Al Faisal Stadium	Jeddah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tigab (Persian: تيگاب‎, also Romanized as Tīgāb; also known as Tīgh Āb) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tigab	Qaen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hapelaneh (Persian: هپلانه‎, also Romanized as Hapelāneh) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hapelaneh	Mamulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajiabad-e Poodchah (Persian: حاجی‌آباد پودچاه‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hajiabad-e Poodchah	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rochsburg Castle (German: Schloss Rochsburg), which was probably founded in the late 12th century, stands on a rock spur, surrounded on three sides by the Zwickau Mulde river, above the eponymous town quarter in Lunzenau in Saxony.	Rochsburg Castle	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szerominek (ʂɛrɔˈminɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szerominek	Gmina Płońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hospital Point Range Rear Light is part of a pair of range lights in Beverly, Massachusetts.	Hospital Point Range Rear Light	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandi Mahalleh (Persian: ماندي محله‎, also Romanized as Māndī Maḩalleh) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mandi Mahalleh	Siyahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sa Đéc is a provincial city in Đồng Tháp Province in the Mekong Delta of southern Vietnam.	Sa Đéc	Đồng Tháp
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chur Kuchan (Persian: چوركوچان‎, also Romanized as Chūr Kūchān and Chever Kūchān; also known as Chever Kūkhān) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chur Kuchan	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rokantiškės Castle (Lithuanian: Rokantiškių pilis) ruins are in Naujoji Vilnia elderate of Vilnius, Lithuania.	Rokantiškės Castle	Vilnius
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thunder Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Alberta, Canada, and is located 140 kilometres (87 mi) west of Edmonton, on the shore of the park features setting for boating, water-skiing, swimming, running, fishing and camping.	Thunder Lake Provincial Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Hale, between Red Cliff and Leadville in the Eagle River valley in Colorado, was a U.S. Army training facility constructed in 1942 for what became the 10th Mountain Division.	Camp Hale	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaenau Ffestiniog railway station serves the slate mining town of Blaenau Ffestiniog, Wales, and is the passenger terminus of the Conwy Valley Line from Llandudno Junction.	Blaenau Ffestiniog railway station	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fredericktown Presbyterian Church is a historic Main Street and Public Square in Fredericktown, Ohio.	Fredericktown Presbyterian Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pico House is a historic building in Los Angeles, California, dating from its days as a small town in Southern California.	Pico House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamiz, Zahedan (Persian: تمیز‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tamiz, Zahedan	Tamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alpha School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Alpha, in Warren County, New Jersey, United States.	Alpha School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalow (Persian: دلو‎; also known as Dalī) is a village in Dul Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dalow	Dul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yau Ma Tei, also known as Waterloo (see Name section), is an area in the Yau Tsim Mong District in the south of the Kowloon Peninsula in Hong Kong.	Yau Ma Tei	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Valentine House, now replaced by the Sigma Tau Gamma Fraternity House, was a Prairie School style building in Muncie, Indiana.	John Valentine House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volperhausen Castle (German: Burg Volperhausen) is a castle in the municipality of Morsbach in the Oberbergischer Kreis of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Volperhausen Castle	Morsbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rustenhart (German: Rüstenhart) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Rustenhart	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singletary Lake State Park is a North Carolina state park in Bladen County, North Carolina in the United States.	Singletary Lake State Park	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frick Park is the largest municipal park in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, covering 644 acres (2.61 km2).	Frick Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teremba Bay or Baie Teremba, formerly known as Uarai Bay, is a bay in southwestern New Caledonia.	Teremba Bay	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jörn is a locality situated in Skellefteå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden with 797 inhabitants in 2010.	Jörn	Skellefteå Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Astor Place Theatre is an off-Broadway house located at 434 Lafayette Street in the NoHo section of Manhattan.	Astor Place Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pine Bluff Convention Center is a convention center located in Pine Bluff, Arkansas at One Convention Center Plaza.	Pine Bluff Convention Center	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Edwards House is a historic building in the village of Leipsic in Putnam County, Ohio, United States.	John Edwards House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conservatory of Music at Brooklyn College (also known as Brooklyn College Conservatory) is the music school of Brooklyn College of the City University of New York (CUNY).	Conservatory of Music at Brooklyn College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Crest College is a private liberal arts women's college in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Cedar Crest College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garden Theater (or Garden Theatre) is a 1,000-seat theater that was built in 1915 at 12 West North Avenue in the Central Northside neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.	Garden Theater	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rim Nuea (Thai: ริมเหนือ) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Rim District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Rim Nuea	Mae Rim
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Confusion Range is a north-south trending mountain range in west-central Utah, USA.	Confusion Range	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Udorpie (uˈdɔrpjɛ) (German: Hygendorf; Kashubian: Ùdorp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Udorpie	Gmina Bytów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Muqufeh (Persian: عباس ابادموقوفه‎, also Romanized as Abbāsābād-e Mūqūfeh; also known as ``Abbāsābād) is a village in Enaj Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 590, in 169 families.	Abbasabad-e Muqufeh	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raglan Mine is a large nickel mining complex in the Nunavik region of northern Quebec, Canada.	Raglan Mine	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rataj Ordynacki (ˈratai̯ ɔrdɨˈnat͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rataj Ordynacki	Gmina Godziszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tis u Blatna (German Tiss bei Pladen) is a village and municipality (obec) in Plzeň-North District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Tis u Blatna	Plzeň-North District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kreców (ˈkrɛt͡suf) (Ukrainian: Креців, Kretsiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska, within Sanok County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kreców	Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borki-Paduchy (ˈbɔrki paˈduxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Borki-Paduchy	Gmina Wiśniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wodzymin (vɔˈd͡zɨmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wodzymin	Gmina Radzanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penns Neck Baptist Church (also known as Red Lion Tavern; Princeton Baptist Church at Penns Neck) is a historic church, opened in 1812, on US 1 at Washington Road in Penns Neck, West Windsor Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.	Penns Neck Baptist Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godečevo is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić in western Serbia.	Godečevo	Kosjerić
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centre Wellington District High School, or CWDHS, is a fully composite high school located in Fergus, Ontario.	Centre Wellington District High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milash (Persian: ميلاش‎, also Romanized as Mīlāsh) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Milash	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powerview-Pine Falls is a town in the Canadian province of Manitoba, with a population of 1,314 at the 2011 census, up 1.54% from 1,294 at the 2006 census and down 7.57% from 1,400 during the 2001 census.	Powerview-Pine Falls	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Four Mile Circle is a traffic circle in the U.S. state of New Jersey.	Four Mile Circle	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciszyca-Kolonia (t͡ɕiˈʂɨt͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ciszyca-Kolonia	Gmina Tarłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ewing Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serve students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Ewing Township, in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.	Ewing Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinami (Greek: Dynamis, power) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 32 kilometres (20 mi) southeast of Vibo Valentia.	Dinami	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czernina Dolna (t͡ʂɛrˈnina ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czernina Dolna	Gmina Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazim is the second tallest building in Szczecin, Poland, after the St. James cathedral, if including Pazim's spire.	Pazim	Szczecin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesdin (French pronunciation: ​(edɛ̃)) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.	Hesdin	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crookston Castle is located in the Pollok area of south-west Glasgow, Scotland.	Crookston Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schroeder Mountain is a mountain in the California's Sierra Nevada, on the Tahoe National Forest.	Schroeder Mountain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaiano Valle is a rural district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy, part of the Zone 5 administrative division.	Vaiano Valle	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haxey is a village and civil parish within North Lincolnshire, England.	Haxey	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPPG (101.1 FM, ``Power Pig'') is a radio station licensed to serve Repton, Alabama, USA.	WPPG	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owraf (Persian: اوراف‎, also Romanized as Owrāf) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Owraf	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cat in Repose, also known as Seated Cat, is a stone sculpture composed of Indiana Limestone, located on the Transit Mall of downtown Portland, Oregon, United States.	Cat in Repose	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massamá (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐsɐˈma)) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Sintra, Lisbon District, Portugal.	Massamá	Sintra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalami (Persian: قلمي‎, also Romanized as Qalamī) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qalami	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordabad-e Sofla (Persian: كردابادسفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Kordābād-e Soflá) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kordabad-e Sofla	Yusefvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przeździecko-Mroczki (pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ ˈmrɔt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Przeździecko-Mroczki	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Brentwood Historic District, is a national historic district located in the town of North Brentwood, Prince George's County, Maryland.	North Brentwood Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Smoky Dome Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County, Idaho, United States, located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest.	West Smoky Dome Lake	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The U.S. 23 Country Music Highway Museum is a museum in Paintsville, Kentucky dedicated to the country music entertainers who were born or lived near U.S. Route 23 in eastern Kentucky.	U.S. 23 Country Music Highway Museum	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steyr (German pronunciation: (ˈʃtaɪ̯ɐ)) is a statutory city, located in the Austrian federal state of Upper Austria.	Steyr	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Untermyer Park (also known as Untermyer Gardens, previously part of an estate known as Greystone) is a historic park of 43 acres, situated in Yonkers, Westchester County, New York, just north of New York City.	Untermyer Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Astley Village is a civil parish in the Borough of Chorley in Lancashire, England, covering a suburb of Chorley.	Astley Village	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Absecon Island is a barrier island located on the Jersey Shore of the Atlantic Ocean in Atlantic County, New Jersey, USA.	Absecon Island	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grambling State University (GSU) is a historically black, public, coeducational university, located in Grambling, Louisiana.	Grambling State University	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerckhoff Dam is a concrete arch dam on the San Joaquin River in Fresno County, California, about 10 mi (16 km) southwest of Big Creek.	Kerckhoff Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vidurashwatha (Kannada:ವಿದುರಾಶ್ವತ್ಥ) is a small village located in the Gauribidanur taluk of Chikkaballapur district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Vidurashwatha	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soteska pri Moravčah (pronounced (sɔˈteːska pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax)) is a settlement north of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Soteska pri Moravčah	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fondo (German: Pfund; Nones: Fón) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Trento.	Fondo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donauparkhalle was an indoor ice rink in Vienna-Donaustadt in Austria.	Donauparkhalle	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Regency Square is an enclosed shopping mall in Richmond, Virginia, USA.	Regency Square	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westampton Township Schools are a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Westampton Township, in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.	Westampton Township Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wright-Kay Building, originally known as the Schwankovsky Temple of Music, is one of the oldest buildings in downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Wright-Kay Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	10 DOL is a grampanchayat in Gharsana tehsil of Ganganagar district of Rajasthan, India.	10 DOL	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vestal's Gap Road and Lanesville Historic District is a national historic district located in Claude Moore Park at Sterling, Loudoun County, Virginia.	Vestal's Gap Road and Lanesville Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Kuczkowska (ˈvɔla kut͡ʂˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Kuczkowska	Gmina Secemin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Badami (Persian: باغ بادامي‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bādāmī) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Badami	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanford Municipal Airport (ICAO: KHJO, FAA LID: HJO), formerly O18, is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) southeast of the central business district of Hanford, a city in Kings County, California, United States.	Hanford Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pier Arts Centre is an art gallery and museum in Stromness, Orkney.	Pier Arts Centre	Stromness
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogers Arena is an indoor sports arena located at 800 Griffiths Way in the downtown area of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Rogers Arena	Vancouver
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Foot High School (BFHS) is a comprehensive four-year public high school located in South Central Walworth County in the Village of Walworth.	Big Foot High School	Walworth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarseh (Persian: ترسه‎; also known as Tarsheh) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tarseh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunn Peak (sometimes known locally as the Dunn Peaks) is a group of peaks in the central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Dunn Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starorypin (starɔˈrɨpin) (German: Altrippin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Starorypin	Gmina Rypin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pęza (ˈpɛ̃za) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pęza	Gmina Piątnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ape Cave is a lava tube located in Gifford Pinchot National Forest just to the south of Mount St. Helens in Washington state.	Ape Cave	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Region of Murcia (Spanish: Región de Murcia; Murcian: Rigión e Murcia; Valencian: Regió de Murcia) is an autonomous community of Spain located in the southeast of the state, between Andalusia and Valencian Community, on the Mediterranean coast.	Region of Murcia	Spain
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John W. Ballard House is a private residence located in central Davenport, Iowa.	John W. Ballard House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grapevine Hills are a low mountain range within Anza-Borrego Desert State Park in the Colorado Desert, in eastern San Diego County, southern California.	Grapevine Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavarj (Persian: گورج‎) is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gavarj	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iviswold, also known as ``The Castle'', is a house originally constructed in 1869 located in what is now Rutherford, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Iviswold	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Buran (Persian: دره بوران‎, also Romanized as Darreh Būrān) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Darreh Buran	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jeolla Line is a railway line in North and South Jeolla Provinces in South Korea.	Jeolla Line	South Korea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poirier Sport & Leisure Complex is a multi-purpose all-season recreation complex in Coquitlam, British Columbia.	Poirier Sport & Leisure Complex	Coquitlam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Britain Historic District in Southbury, Connecticut, USA, is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.	South Britain Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shadraj-e Olya (Persian: شادراج عليا‎, also Romanized as Shādrāj-e ``Olyā; also known as Shāhrāj) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 10 families.	Shadraj-e Olya	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umpqua Hot Springs is a geothermal pool located along the North Umpqua River in the U.S. state of Oregon at 2,640 feet (800 m) elevation.	Umpqua Hot Springs	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McCoy Mountains are located in southeastern California in the United States.	McCoy Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Marathon or Marathon Mountain is a mountain directly west of Seward in the Kenai Mountains in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Mount Marathon	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzozie Lubawskie (ˈbʐɔʑɛ luˈbafskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Brzozie Lubawskie	Gmina Kurzętnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lomello is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 30 km west of Pavia, on the right bank of the Agogna.	Lomello	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łabusz (ˈwabuʂ) is a part of the city of Koszalin.	Łabusz	Koszalin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadambankulam is a small village in the Radhapuram taluk of Tirunelveli District, Tamil Nadu in southern India.	Kadambankulam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilcox, Crittenden Mill, also known as Wilcox, Crittenden Mill Historic District, is a 17-acre (6.9 ha) property in Middletown, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.	Wilcox, Crittenden Mill	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emam Qeys (Persian: امام قيس‎, also Romanized as Emām Qeys and Imam Qais; also known as Emāmzādeh and Imam Onis) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District, Gandoman District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Emam Qeys	Dowrahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quabbin Regional High School is a secondary school in Barre, Massachusetts, United States, for students in grades 9--12.	Quabbin Regional High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton High School is a comprehensive public high school serving students in grades 7 through 12 in Barton, Arkansas, United States.	Barton High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Peak Ridge is the twentieth highest peak in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Park of New York, USA.	Rocky Peak Ridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estonian Maritime Museum (Estonian: Eesti Meremuuseum) is located in the Fat Margaret tower in the old town of Tallinn.	Estonian Maritime Museum	Tallinn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś Złotoryjska (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ zwɔtɔˈrɨi̯ska) (German: Neudorf am Rennwege) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowa Wieś Złotoryjska	Gmina Złotoryja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beddau (English: Graves Welsh: Y Beddau) is a large former mining village around 1.5 miles from Llantrisant and 4 miles from the larger town of Pontypridd in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, South Wales.	Beddau	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kovářská (German: Schmiedeberg) is a village and municipality (obec) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Kovářská	Chomutov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrzask (vʐask) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wrzask	Gmina Stryków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Erie Arboretum is a young arboretum located within Frontier Park, at the intersection of 8th Street and Bayfront Parkway, Erie, Pennsylvania, USA.	Lake Erie Arboretum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badgingarra National Park is a national park in Western Australia, 190 km north of Perth off the Brand Highway adjacent to the town of Badgingarra.	Badgingarra National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thurmaston is a village and civil parish in Leicestershire, England, located within the Borough of Charnwood.	Thurmaston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunnyside Yard is a large coach yard, a railroad yard for passenger cars, in Sunnyside, Queens in New York City.	Sunnyside Yard	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sykes House is a historic Queen Anne style house located at 521 West Main Street in North Adams, Massachusetts.	Sykes House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huanímaro is a Mexican city (and municipality) located in Southwest region of the state of Guanajuato.	Huanímaro	Guanajuato
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brownsville/South Padre Island International Airport (IATA: BRO, ICAO: KBRO, FAA LID: BRO) is a city owned, public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) east of the central business district of Brownsville, a city in Cameron County, Texas, United States.	Brownsville/South Padre Island International Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orange Bowl is an annual American college football bowl game played at Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida.	Orange Bowl	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Hooper School is a historic school building located on Mears Street between South 4th and South 5th Streets in Wilmington, New Hanover County, North Carolina.	William Hooper School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiktorówko (viktɔˈrufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wiktorówko	Gmina Łobżenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orathy is a village in Madurantakam taluk, Kanchipuram District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Orathy	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Española Valley High School (EVHS) is a Title-1 public senior high school of the Española Public Schools District, located in Española, New Mexico.	Española Valley High School	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The AT6 Monument is a granite memorial to Royal Air Force cadets who were killed while on a training flight during World War II. It stands on Big Mountain, north of Moyers, Oklahoma, in the United States, and was dedicated on February 20, 2000--the 58th anniversary of the deadly crashes.	AT6 Monument	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Martin is located in Tallapoosa, Elmore and Coosa counties in Alabama.	Lake Martin	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roqbaghal (Persian: رق بغل‎) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Roqbaghal	Kahshang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyn Qeshlaqi Hajj Khvajehlu (Persian: حسين قشلاقي حاج خواجه لو‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Qeshlāqī Ḩājj Khvājehlū) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Qeshlaqi Hajj Khvajehlu	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franciscan Church of St Mary of Jesus is a church in Valletta, Malta, which is dedicated to St Mary of Jesus and is cared for by the religious order of Friars Minor.	Franciscan Church of St Mary of Jesus	Valletta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Kraśnica (ˈstara kraɕˈnit͡sa) (German: Altschönau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stara Kraśnica	Gmina Świerzawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Xenophon Overton Pindall Law Office is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and is located on the north-east corner of Capitol St. and Kate Adams Ave. in Arkansas City, Arkansas.	Xenophon Overton Pindall Law Office	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Rizgan (Persian: دوريزگان‎, also Romanized as Do Rīzgān; also known as Darbar Kūn, Dūrbozgān, and Dūrbozkān) is a village in Rak Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Do Rizgan	Rak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schaalsee Biosphere Reserve (German: Biosphärenreservat Schaalsee) lies in western Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (districts of Nordwestmecklenburg and Ludwigslust-Parchim) on iths border with Schleswig-Holstein.	Schaalsee Biosphere Reserve	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Datiware is a village in the state of Maharashtra (Palghar taluk, Thane district) in India on the northern bank of Datiware creek at the mouth of the river Vaitarna.	Datiware	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafsh Kal Mahalleh (Persian: كفش كل محله‎, also Romanized as Kafsh Kal Maḩalleh; also knonwn as Kafsh Kal) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kafsh Kal Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilson Mountain Reservation is a state-owned, public recreation area and protected woodland park in Dedham, Massachusetts, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.	Wilson Mountain Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cimitero degli Allori, Cimitero Evangelico degli Allori (``The Evangelical Cemetery of Laurels'') is located in Florence, Italy, between 'Due Strade' and Galluzzo.	Cimitero degli Allori	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middle Fork South Platte River is a tributary of the South Platte River, approximately 50 miles (80 km) long, located in central Colorado in the United States.	Middle Fork South Platte River	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shulak (Persian: شولك‎, also Romanized as Shūlak) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Shulak	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kenimer Site is an archaeological site located on the southeast side of Brasstown Bald near Sautee Nacoochee, Georgia in White County.	Kenimer Site	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taylor Log House and Site is a historic plantation site on Arkanasas Highway 138 in rural Drew County, Arkansas, near the town of Winchester.	Taylor Log House and Site	Drew County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gapat (Persian: گاپت‎, also Romanized as Gāpat) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gapat	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospect Historic District is a residential historic district in Pasadena, California, consisting of homes along Prospect Boulevard and several surrounding streets.	Prospect Historic District	Pasadena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amrahlu (Persian: امراهلو‎, also Romanized as Amrāhlū; also known as Kakīl) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Amrahlu	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prali is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Turin, on the border with France.	Prali	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Świątkowa (ˈvulka ɕfjɔntˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Świątkowa	Gmina Łuków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vikingskipet (``The Viking Ship''), officially known as Hamar Olympic Hall (Norwegian: Hamar olympiahall), is an indoor multi-use sport and event venue in Hamar, Norway.	Vikingskipet	Hamar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stryjno-Kolonia (ˈstrɨi̯nɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybczewice, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stryjno-Kolonia	Gmina Rybczewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sójkowo (sui̯ˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sójkowo	Gmina Inowrocław
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pacific Coast Air Museum, in Santa Rosa, California, is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting and preserving aviation history through the acquisition, restoration, and display of historic aircraft.	Pacific Coast Air Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guignard Brick Works is a historic industrial site and national historic district located in Cayce, Lexington County, South Carolina.	Guignard Brick Works	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narama (naˈrama) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwanowice, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Narama	Gmina Iwanowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beltane Park is a football ground located in Wishaw, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Beltane Park	Wishaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onesquethaw Valley Historic District is a national historic district principally located at New Scotland in Albany County, New York.	Onesquethaw Valley Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Point University is a private liberal arts university in High Point, North Carolina, U.S., affiliated with the United Methodist Church.	High Point University	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nadgee to Mallacoota Inlet Important Bird Area comprises some 385 km2 of coastal and subcoastal land at the south-eastern corner of the Australian continent, where Cape Howe marks the junction between the Tasman Sea and Bass Strait, as well as the eastern end of the state border between New South Wales and Victoria.	Nadgee to Mallacoota Inlet Important Bird Area	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Auberge Ravoux is a French historic landmark located in the heart of the village of Auvers-sur-Oise.	Auberge Ravoux	Auvers-sur-Oise
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaenau Gwent (pronounced /ˌblaɪnaɪ ˈɡwɛnt/, Welsh: (ˈbləɨ.naɨ)) is a county borough in South Wales, sharing its name with a parliamentary constituency.	Blaenau Gwent	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiskupan (Persian: طيس كوپان‎, also Romanized as Ţīskūpān; also known as Tiazkupān, Tīkūkhān, and Tīskūfān) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tiskupan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brockville Jail is a jail in Brockville, Ontario.	Brockville Jail	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 188, also known as Teichman Road, is a Farm-to-Market Road located in Galveston, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 188	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thottapattu (Tamil: தொட்டபட்டு) is one of the revenue village in Cuddalore district of Indian state, Tamil Nadu.	Thottapattu	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mitchell Highway is a state highway located in the central and south western regions of Queensland and the northern and central western regions of New South Wales in Australia.	Mitchell Highway	Queensland	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chicago Motor Speedway at Sportsman's Park located in Cicero, Illinois, just outside Chicago, was built in 1999 by a group including Chip Ganassi, owner of Chip Ganassi Racing.	Chicago Motor Speedway	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manitook Mountain, also called Manituck Mountain, 638 feet (194 m), is a 1.6-mile (2.6 km) long traprock mountain ridge located between the Berkshires and the Connecticut River Valley in north-central Connecticut.	Manitook Mountain	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaroszyn-Kolonia (jaˈrɔʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Jaroszyn-Kolonia	Gmina Lądek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadwas or Broadwas-on-Teme, is a village and civil parish (with Cotheridge) in the Malvern Hills district of Worcestershire, England.	Broadwas	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grąbiec (ˈɡrɔmbjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grąbiec	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąbrzeźno County (Polish: powiat wąbrzeski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland.	Wąbrzeźno County	Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Roxbury Parkway is a historic parkway running from Washington Street in Boston, Massachusetts, where the Enneking Parkway runs south, to Horace James Circle in Brookline, where it meets the Hammond Pond Parkway.	West Roxbury Parkway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osasco (Portuguese pronunciation: (oˈzasku)) is a municipality in São Paulo State, Brazil, is located in the Greater São Paulo and ranking 5th in population among São Paulo municipalities.	Osasco	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rushden is a town and civil parish in the county of Northamptonshire, England.	Rushden	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wachtendonk at the confluence of Niers River and Nette River is a municipality in the district of Kleve in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Wachtendonk	Kleve
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lopata (pronounced (lɔˈpaːta)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Lopata	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhamek Stupa (also spelled Dhamekh and Dhamekha) is a massive stupa located at Sarnath, 13 km away from Varanasi in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Dhamek Stupa	Sarnath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boheyr-e Olya (Persian: بحيرعليا‎, also Romanized as Boḩeyr-e ``Olyā) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 141, in 28 families.	Boheyr-e Olya	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kağızman (Ottoman Turkish: قاغزمان, Armenian: Կաղզվան, Kaghzvan,) is a town and district of Kars Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Kağızman	Kars
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farrington Lake is a scenic freshwater reservoir in Middlesex County, New Jersey near Milltown, New Jersey.	Farrington Lake	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais de justice historique de Lyon is a building located Quai Romain Rolland, on the right bank of the Saône, in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon.	Palais de justice historique de Lyon	5th arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Treasure Valley is in the western United States, primarily in southwestern Idaho, where the Payette, Boise, Weiser, Malheur, Owyhee, and Burnt rivers drain into the Snake River.	Treasure Valley	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peru State College is a public four-year liberal arts institution located in Peru, Nebraska, in the Midwest region of the United States.	Peru State College	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorberg Castle (German: Schloss Thorberg) is a former Carthusian monastery, or charterhouse, now a prison, located in Krauchthal in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland.	Thorberg Castle	Krauchthal	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llantood (formerly Llantyd, Llantwyd or Llan-Illtyd) is a hamlet and parish in Cilgerran community, north Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Llantood	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karaikella is a village situated at Chaibasa Ranchi Main Road (NH-75) near Chakradharpur in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Karaikella	Jharkhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakajin (Persian: ككجين‎, also Romanized as Kakajīn and Kakjīn; also known as Kakadzha, Kakājeyā, Kākājia, Kākāzhīn, and Kakchin) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kakajin	Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Croydon railway station is in the London Borough of Croydon in south London, in Travelcard Zone 5.	South Croydon railway station	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Roads Military College (RRMC) was a Canadian military college (1940 to 1995) located in Hatley Park, Colwood, British Columbia near Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Royal Roads Military College	Colwood
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wehrheim is a municipality in Hesse, Germany some 30 km (20 mi) north of Frankfurt am Main.	Wehrheim	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chai Wan Road (Chinese: 柴灣道; Cantonese Yale: chaai4 waan1 dou6) located in Hong Kong, is one of the major roads in Chai Wan on Hong Kong Island.	Chai Wan Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teewinot Mountain (12,330 feet (3,758 m)) is the sixth highest peak in the Teton Range, Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming.	Teewinot Mountain	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malminkartanonhuippu (English: Malminkartano Hill, Swedish: Malmgårdstoppen) is an artificial hill located near to Myyrmäki in the district of Malminkartano in Helsinki, Finland.	Malminkartanonhuippu	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garland Mill is a historic sawmill on Garland Road in Lancaster, New Hampshire.	Garland Mill	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Laura Ingalls Wilder House in Mansfield, Missouri, also known as Rocky Ridge Farm, was the home of author Laura Ingalls Wilder from 1896 until her death in 1957.	Laura Ingalls Wilder House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac La Blanche (French, meaning ``White Lake'') is a small lake located on the boundary between Mulgrave-et-Derry and Mayo, Quebec, Canada.	Lac La Blanche	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skibbereen (/ˌskɪ.bəˈriːn/; Irish: An Sciobairín), is a town in County Cork, Ireland.	Skibbereen	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Axelgold Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located between Ominicetla Creek and upper Omineca River in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Axelgold Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajorki (baˈjɔrki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Bajorki	Gmina Srokowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Chautauqua Historic District is a national historic district located on Point Chautauqua, three miles (5 km) from Mayville in Chautauqua County, New York.	Point Chautauqua Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rip Van Winkle Bridge is a cantilever bridge spanning the Hudson River between Hudson, New York and Catskill, New York.	Rip Van Winkle Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ice Glen is a ravine in the southeast area of Stockbridge, Massachusetts.	Ice Glen	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guźlin (ˈɡuʑlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Guźlin	Gmina Brześć Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forks River is a river in the James Bay and Moose River drainage basins in Cochrane and Timiskaming Districts in northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Forks River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makhazen Naft (Persian: مخازن نفت‎, also Romanized as Makhāzen Naft) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Makhazen Naft	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleland Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Adelaide Hills, South Australia about 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of the Adelaide city centre.	Cleland Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eugene Saturday Market is an outdoor craft market in Eugene, Oregon.	Eugene Saturday Market	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neyrang (Persian: نيرنگ‎) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Neyrang	Kheyrud Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziradei (community development block) (also spelt Jeeradei) is one of the administrative divisions of Siwan district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Ziradei	Siwan district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Freedom Railroad Station, Northern Central Railway is a historic railway station located at New Freedom, York County, Pennsylvania.	New Freedom Railroad Station, Northern Central Railway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southeastern Free Will Baptist College is a college of the Free Will Baptist denomination located in Wendell, North Carolina.	Southeastern Free Will Baptist College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Janowska (ˈxuta jaˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Huta Janowska	Gmina Pabianice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desert Ridge master-planned community comprises 5,700 acres (23.07 km2; 8.91 sq mi) and is situated in the Northeast Valley of Phoenix, Arizona.	Desert Ridge	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardoty (ɡarˈdɔtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytuły within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gardoty	Gmina Przytuły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Khordu (Persian: حسن خردو‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Khordū; also known as Shahīd Shaʿbānī) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasan Khordu	Tus Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zalishchyky Raion (Ukrainian: Заліщицький район) is a sub-division of the Ternopil Oblast.	Zalishchyky Raion	Ternopil Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dontsa Pass, Is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the regional road R352, between Keiskammahoek and Stutterheim.	Dontsa Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkhanjub-e Sofla (Persian: سرخانجوب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sorkhānjūb-e Soflá; also known as Sarkhonjū) is a village in Khaveh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sorkhanjub-e Sofla	Khaveh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqel (Persian: عاقل‎, also Romanized as ``Āqel; also known as Agir and ``Aqīl) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 5 families.	Aqel	Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dundee Township Historic District is a set of sixty-five buildings in Dundee Township, Kane County Illinois.	Dundee Township Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borjeleh (Persian: برجله‎, also Romanized as Barchaleh and Borjlah; also known as Rajeleh) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Borjeleh	Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sufan-e Sofla (Persian: سوفان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sūfān-e Soflá; also known as Soffān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sufan-e Sofla	Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Creek is a ski resort in Vernon Township, New Jersey on Route 94, 47 miles (76 km) from the George Washington Bridge, making it the ski resort closest to New York City.	Mountain Creek	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarkot-e Sheyni (Persian: سركت شيني‎, also Romanized as Sarkot-e Sheynī; also known as Sarkot-e Shehnī and Sarkūt-e Sheynī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sarkot-e Sheyni	Tolbozan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vranštica (Serbian: Вранштица) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Vranštica	Aleksandrovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Francis M. Wood Alternative High School (officially referred to as Excel Academy at Francis M. Wood High School) is a public adult high school located in Baltimore, Maryland, part of the Baltimore City Public Schools.	Francis M. Wood Alternative High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herrenhausen is an area of the German city Hanover which is most notable for the baroque Herrenhausen Gardens.	Herrenhausen	Hanover
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincoln M. Alexander Secondary School is located in the village of Malton in the City of Mississauga, Ontario (part of the Peel District School Board).	Lincoln M. Alexander Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diyala Governorate (Arabic: محافظة ديالى Muḥāfażah Diyālā‎ and Kurdish: Parezgay Diyala‎) or Diyala Province is a governorate in eastern Iraq.	Diyala Governorate	Iraq
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cottonwood Paper Mill (also known as Granite Paper Mill) is an abandoned stone structure located at the mouth of Big Cottonwood Canyon in Cottonwood Heights, Utah.	Cottonwood Paper Mill	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alt-Regensberg Castle (Swiss German: Ruine Alt-Regensberg also referred to Altburg) is a hill castle which was built about the mid-11th century AD by the House of Regensberg in the Swiss municipality of Regensdorf in the Canton of Zürich.	Alt-Regensberg Castle	Regensdorf	Canton of Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herm (Guernésiais: Haerme) is one of the Channel Islands and part of the Parish of St Peter Port in the Bailiwick of Guernsey.	Herm	Guernsey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rueil-Malmaison (French pronunciation: ​(ʁɥɛj malmɛzɔ̃)) is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris, in the Hauts-de-Seine department of France.	Rueil-Malmaison	Hauts-de-Seine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribolla is a village in southern Tuscany, a frazione of the comune of Roccastrada, in the province of Grosseto.	Ribolla	Roccastrada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stalisfield Green is a village in the borough of Swale in Kent, England, located on a secondary road about 1½ miles (2.4 km) north of Charing and 5 miles south west of Faversham.	Stalisfield Green	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ozark Folk Center is an Arkansas living history state park located in Mountain View, Arkansas, dedicated to preserving and presenting Ozark cultural heritage and tradition to the public.	Ozark Folk Center	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winter Place is a historic complex of two conjoined houses and three outbuildings in Montgomery, Alabama.	Winter Place	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Bede's Catholic Voluntary Academy (formerly St Bede's Catholic School) is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school with academy status, located in Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire, England.	St Bede's Catholic Voluntary Academy	Scunthorpe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Kol (Persian: چاه كل‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Kol; also known as Chāh-e Gol) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Kol	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere dell'Acqua Acetosa is the stretch of lungotevere which links Via della Foce dell'Aniene to lungotevere Salvo D'Acquisto, in Rome, in the Parioli quarter.	Lungotevere dell'Acqua Acetosa	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Freeman is a reservoir outside of Monticello, Indiana formed in 1925 by the completion of the Oakdale Dam.	Lake Freeman	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James K. Polk State Office Building is a 24-story, 392-foot (119 m) building in Nashville, Tennessee.	James K. Polk State Office Building	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Poetry Museum (APM) is a museum dedicated to American poetry, located in Brookland, Washington, D.C., USA.	American Poetry Museum	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Menzies is a local government area in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia located to the north of Kalgoorlie.	Shire of Menzies	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fetter Lane is a street in the ward of Farringdon Without in the City of London.	Fetter Lane	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stennis International Airport (ICAO: KHSA, FAA LID: HSA) is a public use airport in Hancock County, Mississippi, United States.	Stennis International Airport	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zindanlu (Persian: زيندانلو‎, also Romanized as Zīndānlū and Zenīdānlū; also known as Zeyvānlū) is a village in Jirestan Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zindanlu	Jirestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sri Sarguru Tribal High School (short: SSTHS) is a Tamil medium tribal High School located on Mount Pleasant, Coonoor.	Sri Sarguru Tribal High School	Coonoor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Book Harmak (Bouk) (Persian: بوک حرمک‎) is a village in Hormak Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Book Harmak (Bouk)	Hormak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogart's is a music venue located in the Corryville neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, near the University of Cincinnati, across Vine Street from Sudsy Malone's Rock 'n Roll Laundry & Bar.	Bogart's	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Platamona (Sassarese: ``Pratamona or Prattamona'') is a coastal area in northern Sardinia, located along the Gulf of Asinara, in the municipality of Sassari, between the commune of Sorso and Porto Torres.	Platamona	Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grass River Provincial Park is a 2,279 km2 provincial park in Northwestern Manitoba, Canada.	Grass River Provincial Park	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée Hébert is a museum located in the Hôtel de Montmorency-Bours at 85, rue du Cherche-Midi, in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Musée Hébert	6th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Van Cleve Opera House was an opera house located in Hartford City, Indiana in the United States.	Van Cleve Opera House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoppes at River Crossing is a super regional lifestyle center located in Macon, Georgia, U.S.A..	The Shoppes at River Crossing	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amelita Galli-Curci Estate, also known as Sul Monte, is a historic country estate located near Fleischmanns and straddling the boundaries of Delaware County and Ulster County, New York.	Amelita Galli-Curci Estate	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kungens Kurva (literally, ``The King's Bend'' or ``The King's Curve'') is a part of Huddinge Municipality in Metropolitan Stockholm, Sweden, 20 km south of the city.	Kungens Kurva	Huddinge Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palmerston Railway Heritage Museum is the only original station left in Wellington County, Ontario and one of the few designated as a railway museum in its part of the province.	Palmerston Railway Heritage Museum	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJAR, known as CJ1240, is a commercial AM radio station located in The Pas, Manitoba.	CJAR	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hill to Hill Bridge is a road crossing of the Lehigh River linking the south and north sides of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.	Hill to Hill Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santiago Apoala is a village and municipality in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico, located north of Oaxaca city.	Santiago Apoala	Oaxaca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdarlu (Persian: ابدارلو‎, also Romanized as Ābdārlū) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Abdarlu	Arshaq Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church Glendower, also known as Christ Church, St. Anne's Parish, is a historic Episcopal church located at Keene, Albemarle County, Virginia.	Christ Church Glendower	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Überkingen is a municipality in the district of Göppingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Bad Überkingen	Göppingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Top o' the Senator was a jazz club located at 251 Victoria Street in Toronto, Ontario.	Top o' the Senator	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Hulme's Grammar School is an Academy in Whalley Range, Manchester, England.	William Hulme's Grammar School	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naqsheh-ye Hir (Persian: نقشه حير‎, also Romanized as Naqsheh-ye Ḩīr) is a village in Shalahi Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Naqsheh-ye Hir	Shalahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirowy (piˈrɔvɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pirowy	Gmina Gomunice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasiejów (kraˈɕejuf) (German Krascheow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krasiejów	Gmina Ozimek
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Saint Andrews College is a classical Christian college located in Moscow, Idaho.	New Saint Andrews College	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusholme is an inner-city area of Manchester, England, about two miles south of the city centre.	Rusholme	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quebrada del Nuevo Reino (Spanish for brook of the new kingdom, pronounced: (keˈβraða ðel ˈnweβo ˈrejno)) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu, Cardenal Caro Province.	Quebrada del Nuevo Reino	Pichilemu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahetze was a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd and is now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France.	Ahetze	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratnanagar is a municipality in Chitwan District of Nepal.	Ratnanagar	Chitwan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colston Hall is a concert hall and grade II listed building situated on Colston Street, Bristol, England.	Colston Hall	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smaszków (ˈsmaʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Smaszków	Gmina Błaszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Ercall, also known in the past as Ercall Magna, is a village in the borough of Telford and Wrekin and ceremonial county of Shropshire, England.	High Ercall	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erbusaig (Scottish Gaelic: Earbarsaig) is a small remote township, situated on Erbusaig Bay near Kyle of Lochalsh, Scottish Highlands and is in the council area of Highland.	Erbusaig	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vingleia Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the island of Skarvfleshølen about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of Mausund in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Vingleia Lighthouse	Frøya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerdes Folk City (sometimes spelled Gerde's Folk City) was a music venue in the West Village, part of Greenwich Village, Manhattan, in New York City.	Gerde's Folk City	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stone Arabia School, also known now as Stone Arabia Schoolhouse Museum, was built in 1854 in Cicero, New York.	Stone Arabia School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Octagon Stone Schoolhouse, also known as The Stone Jug, is a historic one-room school building located at South Canaan Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania.	Octagon Stone Schoolhouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prather Site (12CL4) is a Middle Mississippian culture archaeological site located in the Falls of the Ohio region in Clark County, Indiana.	Prather Site	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kichatna Spire, sometimes called the Kichatna Spires, is a 7,684-foot (2,342 m) spire-shaped peak in the Kichatna Mountains of the Alaska Range, in Denali National Park and Preserve, southwest of Denali.	Kichatna Spire	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walsham-le-Willows is a village in Suffolk, England, located around 2½ miles (4 km) south-east of Stanton, and lies in the Mid Suffolk council district.	Walsham-le-Willows	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windward High School is the newest of two public high schools of the Ferndale School District (district 502), in Bellingham, Washington.	Windward High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laignelet (Breton: Kernoanig) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in north-western France.	Laignelet	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norvin Green State Forest is a 4,365-acre (17.4 km²) state forest in Bloomingdale, New Jersey, United States, near the Wanaque Reservoir.	Norvin Green State Forest	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy-Kałki (ˈbudɨ ˈkau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy-Kałki	Gmina Puszcza Mariańska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hair Raiser is a steel floorless roller coaster at Ocean Park Hong Kong in Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong, China.	Hair Raiser	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tirdari (Persian: تيرداري‎, also Romanized as Tīrdārī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tirdari	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	919 Third Avenue is an office building in New York City, built in 1971, and is located at the intersection of Third Avenue and East 55th Street in Midtown Manhattan.	919 Third Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedofeita (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɨduˈfejtɐ)) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Porto, Portugal.	Cedofeita	Porto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zurandul (Persian: زوراندول‎, also Romanized as Zūrāndūl) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zurandul	Veysian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gopnath Beach is a beach situated in the Talaja Taluka of Bhavnagar district of Gujarat state of India.	Gopnath Beach	Bhavnagar district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bogota Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district serving students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the Borough of Bogota in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Bogota Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wo Liu Hang (禾寮坑) is a place in Fo Tan, Hong Kong.	Wo Liu Hang	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sankt Georgen im Schwarzwald is a town in Southwestern Baden-Württemberg, Germany and belongs to Schwarzwald-Baar County.	Sankt Georgen im Schwarzwald	Schwarzwald-Baar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Deraz (Persian: تل دراز‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Derāz; also known as Ţūl-e Derāz) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tall-e Deraz	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savarabad-e Sofla (Persian: سوارابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Savārābād-e Soflá; also known as Savārābād, Soārābād, and Sūrābād) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Savarabad-e Sofla	Pol-e Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipska Karczma (ˈlipska ˈkart͡ʂma) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lipska Karczma	Gmina Kaliska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emmeloord is the administrative center of the municipality of Noordoostpolder, Flevoland, Netherlands.	Emmeloord	Noordoostpolder
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ocoee Whitewater Center, near Ducktown, Tennessee, United States, was the canoe slalom venue for the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, and is the only in-river course to be used for Olympic slalom competition.	Ocoee Whitewater Center	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merchants & Farmers Bank is a historic bank building at Waterman and Main Streets in Dumas, Arkansas.	Merchants & Farmers Bank	Dumas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Titicaca National Reservation is located in the Puno Region, Peru, in the Puno and Huancané provinces.	Titicaca National Reservation	Puno Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Diedrichshagener Berg, at 129.8 metres, is the highest point on the forested ridge of Kühlung in the northeast German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Diedrichshagener Berg	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Griffiss Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force installation, located in Rome, New York, about 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Utica in central New York state.	Griffiss Air Force Base	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Bicycle Route 50 (USBR 50) is a west--east U.S. Bicycle Route that runs from just outside Terre Haute, Indiana to Steubenville, Ohio, and from near Frostburg, Maryland, to Washington, D.C. The route is planned to span the country, from near San Francisco to Washington, D.C.	U.S. Bicycle Route 50	Indiana	Ohio	Maryland	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bond Education Group operates several private schools in Toronto, Ontario.	Bond Education Group	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okmiany (ɔkˈmjanɨ) (German: Kaiserswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Okmiany	Gmina Chojnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanley Memorial Library is the Laurel, Maryland branch of the Prince George's County Memorial Library System, located at the intersection of Seventh Street and Talbott Avenue.	Stanley Memorial Library	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Throwley is an English village south of Faversham in the Borough of Swale in Kent.	Throwley	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chatsworth Hills Academy (CHA) is a private, coeducational day school located in Chatsworth, California, USA.	Chatsworth Hills Academy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenbard North High School, or GBN, and locally referred to as ``Glenbard'' or ``GBN'', is a public closed campus four-year high school located at the corner of Kuhn Road and Lies Road in Carol Stream, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Glenbard North High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crossness Pumping Station is a former sewage pumping station designed by the Metropolitan Board of Works's Chief Engineer Sir Joseph Bazalgette and architect Charles Henry Driver at the eastern end of the Southern Outfall Sewer in the London Borough of Bexley.	Crossness Pumping Station	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	ACT Theatre (originally A Contemporary Theatre) is a regional, non-profit theatre organization in Seattle, Washington, USA.	ACT Theatre	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elk Pond Mountain is a peak of the Blue Ridge Mountains, on the border of Nelson and Rockbridge counties in Virginia.	Elk Pond Mountain	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopydłówko (kɔpɨˈdwufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kopydłówko	Gmina Kołobrzeg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gaylord College of Journalism and Mass Communication is the journalism unit of the University of Oklahoma in Norman.	Gaylord College of Journalism and Mass Communication	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siekierzyńce (ɕɛkʲɛˈʐɨɲt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Siekierzyńce	Gmina Dołhobyczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apache Junction Unified School District is a school district in Apache Junction, Arizona, additionally serving the town of Gold Canyon.	Apache Junction Unified School District	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rościnko (rɔɕˈt͡ɕinkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rościnko	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barcza (ˈbart͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.	Barcza	Gmina Masłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hanover Gallery was an art gallery in London.	Hanover Gallery	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Kolun (Persian: حاجي ابادكلون‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Kolūn; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Kolun	Juyom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dinagat Islands (Tagalog: Kapuluang Dinagat; Cebuano: Mga Isla sa Dinagat; Surigaonon: Mga Puyo nan Dinagat) (PSGC: 168500000; ISO: PH-DIN) are a group of islands constituting a province in the Caraga region in the Philippines, located on the south side of Leyte Gulf.	Dinagat Islands	Caraga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dippoldiswalde (Saxon: Dipps) is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, administrative center of the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district.	Dippoldiswalde	Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Vincent's Academy (SVA) is a private, Catholic, all-female high school located next to the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in downtown Savannah, Georgia.	St. Vincent's Academy	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Murray Country is a large area of South Carolina, USA; the region includes the counties of Newberry, Saluda, Lexington, and Richland.	Lake Murray Country	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 135 (abbreviated I-135) is a 95.7-mile-long Interstate Highway in central and south-central Kansas, USA.	Interstate 135	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meadowlands Racetrack is a horse racing track at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey, United States.	Meadowlands Racetrack	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Contemporary Craft based in Portland, Oregon is the oldest continuously-running craft institution on the west coast of the United States.	Museum of Contemporary Craft	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strawberry Hill railway station is in Strawberry Hill in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in south west London, and is in Travelcard Zone 5.	Strawberry Hill railway station	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sturm College of Law (``DU Law'') is one of two law schools in the state of Colorado, and the only law school in the Denver metro area.	Sturm College of Law	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gahard (Breton: Gwaharzh, Gallo: Gahard) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Gahard	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morowo (mɔˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Morowo	Gmina Siemyśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batemans Bay is a town in the South Coast region of the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Batemans Bay	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opatkowice Pojałowskie (ɔpatkɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔjaˈwɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Opatkowice Pojałowskie	Gmina Imielno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South River Friends Meetinghouse, or Quaker Meeting House, is a historic Friends meeting house located at Lynchburg, Virginia.	South River Friends Meetinghouse	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bikhan Qeshlaqi (Persian: بيخان قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Bīkhān Qeshlāqī; also known as Bīkhān) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Bikhan Qeshlaqi	Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mareckie (maˈrɛt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mareckie	Gmina Grajewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert Means Thompson Stadium was an American football stadium in Annapolis, Maryland.	Thompson Stadium	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sułkowo-Baraki (suu̯ˈkɔvɔ baˈraki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sułkowo-Baraki	Gmina Stupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whau Local Board is one of the 21 local boards of the Auckland Council, which replaced Auckland's previous eight councils on 1 November 2010.	Whau Local Board	Auckland Council
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prawomyśl (praˈvɔmɨɕl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Prawomyśl	Gmina Kaczory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cholathadam is a rural area in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala in India.	Cholathadam	Kottayam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada, located east of Uranium City, Saskatchewan.	Beaverlodge Lake	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince William Forest Park was established as Chopawamsic Recreational Demonstration Area in 1936 and is located in southeastern Prince William County, Virginia, adjacent to the Marine Corps Base Quantico.	Prince William Forest Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Campbell Gard is a YMCA camp located on 600 acres (2.4 km2) along the Great Miami River six miles (10 km) northeast of Hamilton, Ohio.	Camp Campbell Gard	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dam Tang Chendar Chavil (Persian: دم تنگ چندارچويل‎, also Romanized as Dam Tang Chendār Chavīl) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dam Tang Chendar Chavil	Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Artists School was a progressive independent art school in New York City associated with socialism and the American Radical movement.	American Artists School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandar-e Turk (Persian: بندرتورك‎, also Romanized as Bandar-e Tūrk) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bandar-e Turk	Nargesan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saqqaabad (Persian: سقااباد‎, also Romanized as Saqqāābād and Saqāābād; also known as Saghgha Abad) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Saqqaabad	Dehqanan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purcellville Train Station is a historic railway station located at Purcellville, Loudoun County, Virginia adjacent Washington and Old Dominion (W&OD) Trail.	Purcellville Train Station	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blewburton Hill is the site of an Iron Age hill fort located in Oxfordshire.	Blewburton Hill	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkheh Gav (Persian: سرخه گاو‎, also Romanized as Sorkheh Gāv; also known as Sirfagef, Sorkheh Kāv, and Syrfagef) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sorkheh Gav	Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delmar Loop is an entertainment, cultural and restaurant district in University City, Missouri and the adjoining western edge of St. Louis, Missouri.	Delmar Loop	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlawn National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery within Woodlawn Cemetery, which is in the city of Elmira, in Chemung County, New York.	Woodlawn National Cemetery	Elmira
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steuben House, also known as the Zabriskie-Steuben House, is a noted example of Bergen Dutch sandstone architecture, located at New Bridge Landing on the Hackensack River in River Edge, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Steuben House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lufeng County (禄丰县; pinyin: Lùfēng Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Lufeng County	Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh Darreh (Persian: كوه دره‎, also Romanized as Kūh Darreh) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kuh Darreh	Yam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centereach High School is a public high school in the Middle Country Central School District of Suffolk County, New York on Long Island, teaching a college preparatory curriculum for grades nine through twelve.	Centereach High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvorlul (Persian: خورلول‎, also Romanized as Khvorlūl) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Khvorlul	Isin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nippletop is a mountain located in Essex County, New York.	Nippletop	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle High School is a four-year public secondary school in Eagle, Idaho, a suburb northwest of Boise.	Eagle High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hanover Park Regional High School District is a comprehensive regional public school district that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from three communities in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Hanover Park Regional High School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miyazaki House (formerly the Longford House) in Lillooet, British Columbia is an elegant house built by Caspar Phair in the 1880s.	Miyazaki House	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	College Avenue Secondary School is one of three public high schools in Woodstock, Ontario under the Thames Valley District School Board and is named after the street on which it is located.	College Avenue Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benissuera (Valencian pronunciation: (benisuˈeɾa), Spanish: Benisuera) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Benissuera	Vall d'Albaida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crooked River High Bridge is a steel arch bridge that spans the Crooked River gorge in Jefferson County, Oregon.	Crooked River High Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingsbury Episcopi is a village and civil parish on the River Parrett in Somerset, England, situated 9 miles (14.5 km) north west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district.	Kingsbury Episcopi	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skutki (ˈskutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Skutki	Gmina Młodzieszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Sukhteh (Persian: باغ سوخته‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Sūkhteh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh Sukhteh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Räpina Parish (Estonian: Räpina vald; Võro: Räpinä vald) is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Põlva County.	Räpina Parish	Põlva County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nurabad-e Simineh (Persian: نورابادسيمينه‎, also Romanized as Nūrābād-e Sīmīneh; also known as Darreh Ghūl, Darreh Qūl, Darreh-ye Ghūl, and Nūrābād) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Nurabad-e Simineh	Simineh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Broward (previously known as the Broward Mall) is a one-level 1,000,000-square-foot (93,000 m2) shopping mall in Plantation, Florida, a suburb of Fort Lauderdale.	Westfield Broward	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longcliffe is a crossroads hamlet in the English county of Derbyshire.	Longcliffe	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copston Magna is a small village and civil parish in the Rugby borough of Warwickshire, England.	Copston Magna	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First National Bank of White Bear is a historic former bank building in White Bear Lake, Minnesota, United States, built in 1921.	First National Bank of White Bear	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tilpordehsar (Persian: تيل پرده سر‎, also Romanized as Tīlpordehsar) is a village in Katra Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tilpordehsar	Katra Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldshut station (German: Bahnhof Waldshut) is a railway station in the city of Waldshut-Tiengen in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Waldshut station	Waldshut-Tiengen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adanac Ski Hill is a downhill ski area within the city of Sudbury in northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Adanac Ski Hill	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Constable Hook Cemetery is the name used to refer to two cemeteries on Constable Hook in Bayonne, New Jersey, the extant Bayonne Constable Hook Cemetery and the no longer existing Van Buskerck Family Burial Ground.	Constable Hook Cemetery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKFR (98.3 FM) - also known as ``Power 98.3 & 101.9'' - is a Rhythmic Contemporary Hit Radio outlet in the Phoenix, Arizona, radio market.	KKFR	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wooldridge Monuments are a series of historical monuments located in Maplewood Cemetery of Mayfield, Kentucky.	Wooldridge Monuments	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodbury Country Club (WCC) was a private golf club in Woodbury, New Jersey, United States.	Woodbury Country Club	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Billingsley Farm is a historic place in Wadesboro, Florida, United States.	Billingsley Farm	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zielony Grąd (ʑeˈlɔnɨ ˈɡrɔnt) (German: Schönwiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zielony Grąd	Gmina Pasłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paulilatino (Sardinian: Paùlle) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Oristano.	Paulilatino	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małszewko (mau̯ˈʂɛfkɔ) (German: Malschöwen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Małszewko	Gmina Dźwierzuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzywogoniec (kʂɨvɔˈɡɔɲet͡s) (German: Krummstadt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Krzywogoniec	Gmina Cekcyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parpan was a municipality in the district Plessur of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.	Parpan	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malaba, Uganda is a town in Tororo District in the Eastern Region of Uganda, on its eastern border with Kenya.	Malaba, Uganda	Tororo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boz Laneh (Persian: بزلانه‎, also Romanized as Boz Lāneh, Bezlāneh, and Boz Lānah; also known as Bij Laniyeh) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Boz Laneh	Naran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Residence of Prince Miloš (Serbian: Конак кнеза Милоша) is a royal residence in the Topčider municipality of Belgrade, Serbia.	Residence of Prince Miloš	Belgrade
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harris Academy Upper Norwood (formerly Westwood High School and then Westwood Girls' College for Languages and Arts and Ingram County Secondary Girls' School) is a girls' secondary school with academy status, located in the Upper Norwood area of the London Borough of Croydon, England.	Harris Academy Upper Norwood	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wheeling Island Historic District is a national historic district located on Wheeling Island in Wheeling, Ohio County, West Virginia.	Wheeling Island Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stryje Księże (ˈstrɨjɛ ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stryje Księże	Gmina Łask
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nature Reserve of Saint Bartholomew (Réserve Naturelle de Saint-Barthélemy) is a nature reserve of Saint Barthélemy (RNN 132), French West Indies, an overseas collectivity of France.	Nature Reserve of Saint Bartholomew	Saint-Barthélemy	Saint Barthélemy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Anicet is a municipality in Le Haut-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality in the Montérégie administrative region of Quebec.	Saint-Anicet	Le Haut-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavusiyeh (Persian: طاووسيه‎, also Romanized as Ţāvūsīyeh; also known as Shahrak-e Ţāvūsīyeh) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Tavusiyeh	Ramjin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyhalew (vɨˈxalɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wyhalew	Gmina Dębowa Kłoda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daleszyn (daˈlɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Daleszyn	Gmina Gostyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanover County Courthouse is an historic courthouse located in the community of Hanover Courthouse, the county seat of Hanover County, Virginia.	Hanover County Courthouse	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elyerd (Persian: اليرد‎, also Romanized as Elyerd and Alīyerd) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Elyerd	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Side Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh located at 2205 East Carson Street in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1909.	South Side Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suderwick is a village in the city of Bocholt, Kreis Borken in the German State of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Suderwick	Bocholt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabudlar (Persian: كبودلر‎‎, also Romanized as Kabūdlar; also known as Kabūdeh-ye Dehjū and Jūb Now-ye Kabūdlar) is a village in Zagheh Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kabudlar	Zagheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvoshalan (Persian: خوش الان‎, also Romanized as Khvoshālān; also known as Khvosh Owlān) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khvoshalan	Beradust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notre-Dame-des-Missions-du-cygne d'Enghien (sometimes referred to as Notre-Dame-des-Missions d'Épinay-sur-Seine) is a French Roman Catholic church located in the commune of Épinay-sur-Seine, near Paris and in the Seine-Saint-Denis department.	Notre-Dame-des-Missions-du-cygne d'Enghien	Épinay-sur-Seine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lucian-Hamilton Field is a baseball park in Austin in the U.S. state of Texas and the home of the St. Edward's Hilltoppers baseball team.	Lucian-Hamilton Field	Austin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riba-roja d'Ebre is a municipality in the comarca of the Ribera d'Ebre in southern Catalonia, Spain.	Riba-roja d'Ebre	Ribera d'Ebre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soho Synagogue is a ``hipster'' synagogue located in SoHo, a neighborhood in Manhattan, New York.	Soho Synagogue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godlewo Wielkie (ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Godlewo Wielkie	Gmina Nur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westend Gate, formerly known as Plaza Büro Center, is a 47-storey, 159 m (522 ft) skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt, Germany.	Westend Gate	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEZW (1430 AM, ``Cruisin' 1430'') is a radio station serving the Denver, Colorado area and playing a format of oldies music.	KEZW	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Mahalleh-ye Zemidan (Persian: پائين محله زميدان‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Zemīdān) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Mahalleh-ye Zemidan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staromieście (starɔˈmjɛɕt͡ɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Staromieście	Gmina Lelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ham Neshin (Persian: همنشين‎, also Romanized as Ham Neshīn and Hamneshīn) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ham Neshin	Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oddevall is a village in Lier municipality, county of Buskerud, Norway.	Oddevall	Lier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Ida High School is a public six-year high school located in Mount Ida, Arkansas, United States.	Mount Ida High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olmstead Depot is a historic railroad station in Olmsted, Illinois.	Olmstead Depot	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somerley is a large house and grounds in the civil parish of Ellingham, Harbridge and Ibsley in the New Forest district in Hampshire, England.	Somerley	New Forest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fivepointville, Pennsylvania is an unincorporated community and census-designated place located in Brecknock Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Fivepointville, Pennsylvania	Lancaster County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maccabiah Stadium (Hebrew: אצטדיון המכביה‎) (Itztadion Hamakabiya) is a football stadium on the Yarkon River in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Maccabiah Stadium	Tel Aviv
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keith Building is a skyscraper in downtown Cleveland, Ohio's Theater District.	Keith Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huaquirca District is one of the seven districts of the Antabamba Province in the (Apurímac Region) in Peru.	Huaquirca District	Antabamba Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uğurludağ is a small district of Çorum Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Uğurludağ	Çorum Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uyyakondaravi (population c. 500) is a village in Tamil Nadu state, India, near Neyveli.	Uyyakondaravi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongal (Persian: دنگل‎, also Romanized as Dāngal and Dāngol; also known as Dongān, Dūngir, and Dūnjīr) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dongal	Garmkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorpe Salvin is a village and a civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire, England, on the border with Nottinghamshire.	Thorpe Salvin	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jahan Bini (Persian: جهان بيني‎, also Romanized as Jahān Bīnī; also known as Jahān Bīn) is a village in Shirang Rural District, Kamalan District, Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Jahan Bini	Shirang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nelstrops Albion Flour Mills, also known as Nelstrop Albion Corn Mill, Nelstrop's Flour Mill or Albion Mills, is a corn mill in Heaton Norris, in the suburbs of Stockport, England.	Nelstrops Albion Flour Mills	Stockport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grevenburg was a castle in Traben-Trarbach in the federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany.	Grevenburg	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vardesku (Persian: وردسكو‎, also Romanized as Vardeskū; also known as Vardeskūn) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Vardesku	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grzędy Górne (ˈɡʐɛndɨ ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Oberkonradswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Bór, within Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grzędy Górne	Gmina Czarny Bór
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCFO (970 AM) is a Tulsa, Oklahoma, area Christian radio station.	KCFO	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romeo Engineering and Technology Center is located in northern Macomb County, Michigan approximately 30 miles north of the city of Detroit.	Romeo Engineering and Technology Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Po Mega Mall (Chinese: 大埔超級城) is the largest shopping mall in Tai Po, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Tai Po Mega Mall	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leylakabad (Persian: ليلك اباد‎, also Romanized as Leylakābād; also known as Kalaklū) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Leylakabad	Chaharduli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahreh (Persian: كهره‎, also Romanized as Kahareh; also known as Bara Khaireh) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Kahreh	Helilan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monks Risborough is a village and ecclesiastical parish in Buckinghamshire, England, lying between Princes Risborough and Great Kimble.	Monks Risborough	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalgeh (Persian: شالگه‎, also Romanized as Shālgeh) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shalgeh	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Factory Theatre is a theatre in Toronto, Ontario, founded as Factory Theatre Lab in 1970 by Ken Gass and Frank Trotz.	Factory Theatre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunji-ye Karbasi (Persian: بونجي كرباسي‎, also Romanized as Būnjī-ye Karbāsī; also known as Bonjī-ye Karbāsī) is a village in Kangan Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bunji-ye Karbasi	Kangan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamshidabad-e Heydar (Persian: جمشيدابادحيدر‎, also Romanized as Jamshīdābād-e Ḩeydar; also known as Jamshīdābād and Ḩamīdābād) is a village in Zagheh Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Jamshidabad-e Heydar	Zagheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavar-e Razemi (Persian: لاوررزمي‎, also Romanized as Lāvar-e Razemī and Lāvar-e Sharqī) is a village in Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Lavar-e Razemi	Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKLB-FM (102.5 FM, ``Country 102.5'') is a radio station licensed to Waltham, Massachusetts and serving Greater Boston.	WKLB-FM	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gunnamatta Bay is a small bay in southern Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Gunnamatta Bay	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamzeh-ye Sofla (Persian: خمزه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩamzeh-ye Soflá; also known as Khamzeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hamzeh-ye Sofla	Jarahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bromley Stop Lock was a lock on the Limehouse Cut in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets that was situated near the junction of Limehouse Cut and the River Lee Navigation by Bow Locks.	Bromley Stop Lock	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Passage du Havre is one of the covered passages of Paris.	Passage du Havre	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wendell Town Common Historic District encompasses the historic heart of the small town of Wendell, Massachusetts.	Wendell Town Common Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belleville Dutch Reformed Church, listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Reformed Dutch Church of Second River, is a historic church located in Belleville, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Belleville Dutch Reformed Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Outpost Island Mine was a gold and tungsten producer 94 kilometres southeast of Yellowknife, Northwest Territories on an island of Great Slave Lake.	Outpost Island Mine	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maple Grove Senior High School (MGSH) is a public grades 9--12 high school located in Maple Grove, Minnesota, at 9800 Fernbrook Lane North.	Maple Grove Senior High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khatun Mordeh (Persian: خاتون مرده‎, also Romanized as Khātūn Mordeh) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khatun Mordeh	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lantau South Country Park (Chinese: 南大嶼郊野公園) is one of two rural country parks on Lantau Island, Hong Kong, the other one being Lantau North Country Park and its extension.	Lantau South Country Park	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Najafabad (Persian: باغ نجف اباد‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Najafābād) is a village in Hangam Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Najafabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sari Molag is a village of Himachal Pradesh, under Tehshil Jaisinghpur, Kangra district, India.	Sari Molag	Himachal Pradesh	Kangra district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kul-e Shah (Persian: کول شاه‎, also Romanized as Kūl-e Shāh) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kul-e Shah	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponto Lake is a 347-acre (1.4 km²) lake located 2 miles (3.2 km) north and 8 miles (13 km) east of Backus, Minnesota.	Ponto Lake	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danville Area Community College (or DACC) is a public two-year community college located in Danville, Illinois.	Danville Area Community College	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heydarabad-e Mohammad Shir (Persian: حيدر آبادمحمدشير‎, also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Moḩammad Shīr; also known as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Heydarabad-e Mohammad Shir	Kongor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błotny Młyn (ˈbwɔtnɨ ˈmwɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Błotny Młyn	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoy (from Norse Háey meaning high island) is an island in Orkney, Scotland.	Hoy	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhanwapur is one of the Village in Gurgaon Mandal in Gurgaon District in Haryana State .	Dhanwapur	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itahari (Nepali: इटहरी ) is a city located in the Sunsari District in the Koshi Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Itahari	Sunsari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talking Mountain in El Dorado County, California is a peak in the Sierra Nevada located on the high ridge that extends eastward from the summit of Ralston Peak in the Eldorado National Forest.	Talking Mountain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giuseppe dei Falegnami (Italian, ``St. Joseph of the Carpenters'') is a Roman Catholic church, located in the Forum in Rome, Italy.	San Giuseppe dei Falegnami	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyons Hill is a restored village, and former parish with church, now part of the community of Ardclough in north County Kildare.	Lyons Hill	County Kildare
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arts Centre Melbourne, originally known as the Victorian Arts Centre and briefly officially called The Arts Centre, is a performing arts centre consisting of a complex of theatres and concert halls in the Melbourne Arts Precinct, located in the central Melbourne suburb of Southbank in Victoria, Australia.	Arts Centre Melbourne	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łobodzie (wɔˈbɔd͡ʑe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Łobodzie	Gmina Złota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Euclid Public Library is the public library library serving Euclid, Ohio.	Euclid Public Library	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alilah (Persian: اليله‎, also Romanized as Alīlah; also known as Ālāyl and Ālāylah) is a village in Ani Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Alilah	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Söğüt (søʲyt) is a town and district of Bilecik Province in the Marmara region of Turkey.	Söğüt	Bilecik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Rudówka (ˈstara ruˈdufka) (German: Alt Rudowken; 1939-45: Hammerbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stara Rudówka	Gmina Ryn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount London, also known as Boundary Peak 100, 2,326 m (7,631 ft), is a mountain on the Alaska-British Columbia boundary in the Juneau Icefield of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains, located southwest of Atlin, British Columbia on the border with Haines Borough Alaska.	Mount London	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Circus Park Historic District contains the 5-acre (2.0 ha) Grand Circus Park in Downtown Detroit, Michigan that connects the theatre district with its financial district.	Grand Circus Park Historic District	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marble Mountain Wilderness is a 241,744-acre (978.30 km2) wilderness area located 60 miles (97 km) southwest of Yreka, California, in the United States.	Marble Mountain Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tampa Theatre and Office Building is a historic U.S. theater and city landmark in the Uptown District of downtown Tampa, Florida.	Tampa Theatre	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svoge Municipality is located in western Bulgaria and is a part of Sofia Province.	Svoge Municipality	Sofia Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aller Canal (German: Allerkanal) is a canal built in the mid-19th century in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Aller Canal	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maliboomer was an attraction at the Paradise Pier section of Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California.	Maliboomer	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çerkezköy is a town and district of Tekirdağ Province in the Marmara Region of Turkey.	Çerkezköy	Tekirdağ Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WROD (1340 AM) is a radio station licensed to Daytona Beach, Florida and broadcasting a classic rock format.	WROD	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buttevant (Irish: Cill na Mullach, meaning ``Church of the Summits'' or Ecclesia Tumulorum in the Latin) is a medieval market town, incorporated by charter of Edward III, situated in North County Cork, Ireland.	Buttevant	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDAE (620 AM, ``Sports Radio 620 WDAE'') is a sports talk-formatted radio station in Tampa, Florida, United States.	WDAE	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zargar-e Barzand (Persian: زرگربرزند‎also known as Zargar-e Dīkdāsh) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Zargar-e Barzand	Pain Barzand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusia (ˈruɕa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rusia	Gmina Skarszewy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mahoning River is a river located in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania.	Mahoning River	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady of Providence Junior-Senior High School is a coed Catholic high school in Clarksville, Indiana, in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis.	Our Lady of Providence Junior-Senior High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devlali (d̪eːwɭaːli), or Deolali, is a small hill station and a census town in Nashik district, Maharashtra.	Deolali	Nashik district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dick Dlesk Soccer Stadium is a 1,600-capacity soccer specific stadium located in Morgantown, West Virginia where it serves as the home field for the West Virginia Mountaineers men's and women's soccer teams.	Dick Dlesk Soccer Stadium	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colonial Parkway is a 23-mile (37 km) scenic parkway linking the three points of Virginia's Historic Triangle, Jamestown, Williamsburg, and Yorktown.	Colonial Parkway	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dens Park is a football stadium located on Dens Road in Dundee, Scotland.	Dens Park	Dundee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barazarlu (Persian: برزانلو‎, also Romanized as Barāzārlū; also known Barāzānlū) is a village in Tabar Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Barazarlu	Jolgeh Shoqan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darmian Rural District (Persian: دهستان درميان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darmian Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sturt Mall is a shopping centre located in the CBD of Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia.	Sturt Mall	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berchidda (Gallurese: Bilchidda, Sardinian: Belchidda) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Olbia-Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) north of Cagliari and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of Olbia.	Berchidda	Province of Olbia-Tempio
located in the administrative territorial entity	1000 Broadway is a 24 story office building in Portland, Oregon.	1000 Broadway	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khamanon (ਪੰਜਾਬੀ: ਖਮਾਣੋਂ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Fatehgarh Sahib district in the Indian state of Punjab.	Khamanon	Fatehgarh Sahib
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witowice Górne (vʲitɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Witowice Górne	Gmina Łososina Dolna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burraubach is a river in the Sigmaringen district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Burraubach	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mannanur is a village on the banks of Bharathappuzha river in Palakkad district of Kerala state in India.	Mannanur	Palakkad district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piecowice (pjɛt͡sɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Piecowice	Gmina Długołęka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emery Row is a historic building in Covington, Kentucky, United States, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Emery Row	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohuiyeh (Persian: كهوييه‎, also Romanized as Kohū’īyeh; also known as Kūheh) is a village in Pariz Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kohuiyeh	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dastgerdi (Persian: دستگردي‎, also Romanized as Dastgerdī; also known as Banāvach and Dastgerdī-ye Banāvach) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dastgerdi	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qazan Qarah (Persian: قزانقره‎, also Romanized as Qāzān Qarah and Qazān Qareh; also known as Kazangār) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qazan Qarah	Pir Taj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martello Court is a residential building and one of the tallest buildings in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Martello Court	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Museum, also known as the Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Facility, is an automobile museum located in Auburn, Indiana in the United States.	Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Museum	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Darreh-ye Bibi Roshteh (Persian: سردره بي بي رشته‎, also Romanized as Sar Darreh-ye Bībī Roshteh; also known as Sar Darreh) is a village in Alqchin Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Darreh-ye Bibi Roshteh	Alqchin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oblas (ˈɔblas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Oblas	Gmina Przytyk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suyang Township (Chinese: 苏阳乡) is a township-level division of Yuanshi County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Suyang Township	Yuanshi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quakertown Airport (IATA: UKT, ICAO: KUKT, FAA LID: UKT) is a public airport in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, owned by the Bucks County Airport Authority.	Quakertown Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castleknock (Irish: Caisleán Cnucha, meaning ``Cnucha's Castle'') is a suburb of Dublin and a civil parish in Fingal, Ireland.	Castleknock	Fingal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Diamond Ranch Academy is a residential treatment center and therapeutic boarding school in Hurricane, Utah.	Diamond Ranch Academy	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Free Frank McWorter Grave Site, near the Pike County, Illinois city of Barry, is the grave site of former slave Frank McWorter.	Free Frank McWorter Grave Site	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palomar Medical Center (PMC) is a two-campus hospital located in Escondido, California.	Palomar Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behdadin (Persian: بهدادين‎, also Romanized as Behdādīn; also known as Behdāden) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Behdadin	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neuaddyrynys is a small village in the community of Llangynfelyn, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 78.9 miles (127 km) from Cardiff and 178.2 miles (286.7 km) from London.	Neuaddyrynys	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	525 North Tryon, also known as Odell Plaza, is a 330 feet (101 m) skyscraper in Charlotte, North Carolina.	525 North Tryon	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The O. C. Barber Colt Barn, built in 1912, is an historic farm building located on Austin Drive on the Anna-Dean Farm in Barberton, Ohio.	O. C. Barber Colt Barn	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amildan (Persian: اميلدان‎, also Romanized as Amīldān and Āmīldān) is a village in Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Amildan	Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przybyłowice (pʂɨbɨwɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Przybyłowice	Gmina Męcinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przyny (ˈpʂɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Przyny	Gmina Nowe
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Platte National Wildlife Refuge is located in the U.S. state of Nebraska and includes 5,047 acres (20.42 km2).	North Platte National Wildlife Refuge	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neola North Fire was a major wildfire which occurred in the Ashley National Forest in northeastern Utah.	Neola North Fire	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern Catholic College was a private, co-educational Roman Catholic four-year college located in Dawsonville, Georgia.	Southern Catholic College	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świętomierz (ɕfjɛnˈtɔmjɛʂ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Świętomierz	Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mon State (Burmese: မွန်ပြည်နယ်, pronounced: (mʊ̀ɴ pjìnɛ̀); Mon: တွဵုရးဍုၚ်မန်၊ ရးမညဒေသ) is an administrative division of Myanmar.	Mon State	Myanmar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duke Energy Center for the Performing Arts is the main venue for the performing arts in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Duke Energy Center for the Performing Arts	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Taghkanic State Park is a state park located in the southern part of Columbia County, New York in the USA.	Lake Taghkanic State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Zagojska Dolna (ˈvɔla zaˈɡɔi̯ska ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Zagojska Dolna	Gmina Pińczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varesabad (Persian: وارث اباد‎, also Romanized as Vāres̄ābād; also known as Varavasht) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Varesabad	Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chepén Province is one of the twelve provinces that make up the La Libertad Region of Peru.	Chepén Province	La Libertad Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sen. John Holmes House is a historic house on Main Street (United States Route 202) in Alfred, Maine.	Sen. John Holmes House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatton Road (Chinese: 克頓道) is a pedestrian-only road in western Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Hatton Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lizzie Robinson House, located at 2864 Corby Street in North Omaha, Nebraska, United States, is the location of the first Church of God in Christ congregation in the state.	Lizzie Robinson House	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLJY located in Clayton, Missouri, operates at 99.1 MHz. It is transmitted with an effective radiated power of 100 kW.	KLJY	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asyab Qashqa (Persian: اسياب قشقا‎, also Romanized as Āsyāb Qashqā) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Asyab Qashqa	Pasakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooks Round Barn was an historical structure located near Nashua in rural Floyd County, Iowa.	Brooks Round Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Like most other towns in the Las Colonias Department, San Carlos Centro was originally an agricultural colony, populated by European immigrants.	San Carlos Centro	Las Colonias Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andalusia Technology Park (Spanish: Parque Tecnológico de Andalucía, PTA) in Málaga is a science park.	Andalusia Technology Park	Málaga
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burrell Heights Apartments is a building complex in southeast Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Burrell Heights Apartments	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jewish Theological Seminary library fire was discovered on Monday, April 18, 1966 at 10:15 AM when smoke was seen pouring from one of the small upper windows of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America library tower at Broadway and 122nd Street in New York City.	Jewish Theological Seminary library fire	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katghar Lalganj is a sub-district, town and a nagar panchayat in Azamgarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Katghar Lalganj	Azamgarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The English Neighborhood was the colonial-era name for the towns in eastern Bergen County, New Jersey, along the Hudson Palisades between the North River (Hudson River) and the Hackensack River, particularly around its main tributary, Overpeck Creek.	English Neighborhood	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Fork River is the uppermost major tributary of the Green River in Wyoming, flowing about 70 miles (110 km) entirely within Sublette County.	New Fork River	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodmin (Cornish: Bosvena) is a civil parish and major town in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Bodmin	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khsach Kandal District (Khmer: ស្រុកខ្សាច់កណ្តាល) is a district (srok) of Kandal Province, Cambodia.	Khsach Kandal District	Kandal Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baluchi-ye Pain (Persian: بلوچي پائين‎, also Romanized as Balūchī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Baluchi-ye Pain	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kul Kharan (Persian: كولخران‎, also Romanized as Kūl Kharān) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kul Kharan	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boott Spur is a minor peak located in Coos County, New Hampshire.	Boott Spur	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kruščik (Serbian: Крушчик) is a village in the municipality of Brod, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kruščik	Brod
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guadalupe River State Park is a Texas state park located on a section of the Guadalupe River in Kendall and Comal Counties, northwest of Bulverde, Texas United States and is administered by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department.	Guadalupe River State Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itikyal (Telugu: ఇటిక్యాల) is a mandal in Mahbubnagar district, Telangana, India.	Itikyal	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradford Friends Meetinghouse, also known as Marshallton Meeting House, is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Marshallton in West Bradford Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Bradford Friends Meetinghouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazan Ashehi (Persian: گزان اشه اي‎, also Romanized as Gazān Āshehī; also known as Gazān Hāshtī) is a village in Damen Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gazan Ashehi	Damen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East of Amelinghausen the river is impounded by a dam by the B 209 federal road to create the tourist lake of Lopausee.	Lopau	Amelinghausen
located in the administrative territorial entity	SKH Bishop Mok Sau Tseng Secondary School (Traditional Chinese: 聖公會莫壽增會督中學),often referred to simply MST or, in Chinese, 莫壽增, is a co-educational secondary school in Hong Kong.	SKH Bishop Mok Sau Tseng Secondary School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skroblaki (skrɔˈblaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Skroblaki	Gmina Gródek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocna Sibiului (German: Salzburg; Hungarian: Vízakna) is a town in the centre of Sibiu County, in southern Transylvania, central Romania, 10 km to the north-west of the county capital Sibiu.	Ocna Sibiului	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuksigerd (Persian: كوك سيگرد‎, also Romanized as Kūksīgerd) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kuksigerd	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wester Hailes is an area in the south west of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Wester Hailes	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niawier (West Frisian: Nijewier, that is: 'new warf') is a village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Niawier	Dongeradeel
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Shell Plaza (OSP) is a 50-story, 218 m (715 ft) skyscraper at 910 Louisiana Street in Downtown Houston, Texas.	One Shell Plaza	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponte Garibaldi is a bridge that links Lungotevere De' Cenci to Piazza Giuseppe Gioachino Belli in Rome (Italy), in the Rioni Regola and Trastevere.	Ponte Garibaldi	Regola	Trastevere
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogbourne Maizey is a hamlet in Wiltshire, England 1.6 miles (2.6 km) north of the town of Marlborough and 0.4 miles (0.64 km) south of the village of Ogbourne St. Andrew.	Ogbourne Maizey	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chruślin (ˈxruɕlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chruślin	Gmina Bielawy
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYSE (970 AM) is a radio station located in Canton, North Carolina, that simulcasts WISE's sports talk format from Asheville, North Carolina.	WYSE	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirgenstein Castle (German: Burgrest Sirgenstein) is a ruined castle on rock, over twenty metres high, with a cave inhabited in the Stone Age, the Sirgenstein, between the town of Blaubeuren and hamlet of Schelklingen in Alb-Donau-Kreis in Baden-Württemberg.	Sirgenstein Castle	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVNT (1020 AM) is an American commercial radio station in Eagle River, Alaska, broadcasting to the Anchorage, Alaska, area.	KVNT	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Helpt Hills (German: Helpter Berge) are the highest natural elevation in the northeast German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern reaching a maximum height of 179.2 metres (588 ft) above sea level (NHN).	Helpt Hills	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buttonwood Park Zoo, located in New Bedford, Massachusetts, United States, is a ten-acre zoo located in the center of Buttonwood Park.	Buttonwood Park Zoo	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Ana High School is the oldest and largest high school in Orange County, California, United States.	Santa Ana High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skolwin is a municipal neighbourhood of the city of Szczecin, Poland situated on the left bank of Oder river, north of the Szczecin Old Town, and Middle Town, south of the town of Police.	Skolwin	Szczecin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pishin Valeh (Persian: پيشين واله‎, also Romanized as Pīshīn Vāleh) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pishin Valeh	Valupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	20 Years of Independence Stadium, also known as 20-Letie Nezavisimosti Stadium, is a stadium in Khujand, Tajikistan.	20 Years of Independence Stadium	Khujand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stichtse Vecht is a municipality of the Netherlands and lies in the northwestern part of the province of Utrecht.	Stichtse Vecht	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacochów (jaˈt͡sɔxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jacochów	Gmina Maków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chachagüí (Spanish pronunciation: (tʃatʃaˈɣwi)) is a town and municipality in the Nariño Department, Colombia.	Chachagüí	Nariño Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gosford and Water Eaton is a civil parish in the Cherwell district of the English county of Oxfordshire.	Gosford and Water Eaton	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łańcuchów (waɲˈt͡suxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łańcuchów	Gmina Milejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahmar-e Mirza Morad (Persian: شاه مارميرزامراد‎, also Romanized as Shāhmār-e Mīrzā Morād) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shahmar-e Mirza Morad	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Muskogee is a regional port, located in Muskogee, Oklahoma, USA.	Port of Muskogee	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Vancouver (MOV) (formerly the Vancouver Museum) is a local museum located in Vanier Park, Vancouver, British Columbia.	Museum of Vancouver	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angelina National Forest is a United States National Forest, one of four located in Texas.	Angelina National Forest	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wolfeboro Centre Community Church (also known as the Union Meeting House, First Christian Society, and Second Christian Church) is a historic church on NH 109 in Wolfeboro Center, New Hampshire.	Wolfeboro Centre Community Church	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Las Salinas also called El Tucho was a four-square-league (17,713.6-acre (71.684 km2)) Spanish land concession in the Salinas Valley, in present day Monterey County, California.	Rancho Las Salinas	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hejing County (Chinese: 和静县; pinyin: Héjìng Xiàn) is located in the central-southern part of the Tian Shan mountains of Xinjiang, in the North-west of Bayingolin Mongol Autonomous Prefecture.	Hejing County	Bayingolin Mongol Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Epping Stadium is an Australian soccer ground on Harvest Home Rd in Epping, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.	Epping Stadium	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sergeant Carl F. Curran II Bridge is a girder bridge connecting East Brady and Brady's Bend Township, Pennsylvania.	Sergeant Carl F. Curran II Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bleddfa is a village in which lies on the road from Knighton to Penybont and is located in the community of Llangynllo, Powys, Wales.	Bleddfa	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	German Evangelical Reformed Church (also known as Zoar Church; Zoar Congregation) is a historic church in Newton, Iowa.	German Evangelical Reformed Church	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Belches is a small point on the south side of Swan River, Western Australia, about 250 metres east of The Narrows within the area known as Perth Water.	Point Belches	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nedavić (Serbian Cyrillic: Недавић) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Nedavić	Kalinovik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godlewo-Gorzejewo (ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ɡɔʐɛˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Godlewo-Gorzejewo	Gmina Andrzejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Iliboleng is a stratovolcano located at the southeast end of Adonara Island.	Iliboleng	Adonara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrbaz (Persian: شهرباز‎, also Romanized as Shahrbāz) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Shahrbaz	Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Curry Hicks Physical Education Building, better known as the Curry Hicks Cage, is an athletic facility on the campus of the University of Massachusetts Amherst in Amherst.	Curry Hicks Cage	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schwanden bei Brienz (until 1911 officially named Schwanden) is a municipality in the Interlaken-Oberhasli administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Schwanden bei Brienz	Interlaken-Oberhasli administrative district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oglala National Grassland is a United States National Grassland in the northwest corner of Nebraska.	Oglala National Grassland	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzchlesie (vjɛʂˈxlɛɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Wierzchlesie	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Palczewska (ˈvɔla palˈt͡ʂɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Palczewska	Gmina Warka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żelisławiec (ʐɛliˈswavjɛt͡s) (German: Sinzlow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Żelisławiec	Gmina Stare Czarnowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dargu Shomali (Persian: درگوشمالي‎, also Romanized as Dargū Shomālī; also known as Dargoo, Dargu, and Darkū-ye Shemālī) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Dargu Shomali	Cheghapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Michael D. Case Tennis Center is a 2,000-seat tennis arena on the campus of the University of Tulsa in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Michael D. Case Tennis Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arts and Industries Building is the second oldest of the Smithsonian museums on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Initially named the National Museum, it was built to provide the Smithsonian with its first proper facility for public display of its growing collections.	Arts and Industries Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chowchik Ab (Persian: چوچيك اب‎, also Romanized as Chowchīk Āb; also known as Emāmzādeh-ye Chechīk Āb and Emāmzādeh-ye Chowchīk Āb) is a village in Shoqan Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chowchik Ab	Shoqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moravian Brethren Mission House or Herrnhut House (Danish: Herrnhuthuset) is a historical building in Nuuk, the capital of Greenland, established in 1747 from timber shipped to the United Brethren from the Netherlands.	Moravian Brethren Mission House	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stefanaconi (Greek: Stephanikonion) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Vibo Valentia.	Stefanaconi	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shan Kabud (Persian: شان كبود‎, also Romanized as Shān Kabūd) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Shan Kabud	Mishkhas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 7,259-foot (2,213 m) peak is located in the Horsetooth Mountain Open Space, 7.0 miles (11.2 km) west (bearing 265°) of downtown Fort Collins in Larimer County, Colorado, United States.	Horsetooth Mountain	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flesherton (population 700) is a community in the Municipality of Grey Highlands, in Grey County, Ontario, Canada, located at the junction of Highway 10 and Grey County Road 4 (formerly Highway 4).	Flesherton	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szałamaje (ʂawaˈmajɛ) (German: Schalamai) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szałamaje	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loomis-Parry Residence is a mixed-style residential house, constructed in 1917, in Augusta, Kansas.	Loomis-Parry Residence	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk-e Mowla (Persian: كوشك مولا‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Mowlā and Kushk-i-Maula) is a village in Darian Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Mowla	Darian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miedwiecko (mjɛdˈvjɛt͡skɔ) (German: Madüsee) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Miedwiecko	Gmina Kobylanka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yevlaq (Persian: يولاق‎, also Romanized as Yevlāq) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Yevlaq	Nur Ali Beyk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Fagans (/səntˈfæɡənz/ sənt-FAG-ənz; Welsh: Sain Ffagan) is an area in the west of the city of Cardiff, capital of Wales.	St Fagans	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westrza (ˈvɛstʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieroszewice, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Westrza	Gmina Sieroszewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Richwoods Church & School is a historic multifunction building on Arkansas Highway 9 in West Richwoods, Arkansas, a hamlet in rural central Stone County.	West Richwoods Church & School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Dal (Persian: دشتدال‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Dāl, Dasht Dāl, and Dasht-i-Dal; also known as Dashteh Āl) is a village in Posht Par Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Dal	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry M. Jackson Wilderness is a 103,297-acre (41,803 ha) designated wilderness area in the state of Washington, United States.	Henry M. Jackson Wilderness	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy, also known as the Baker Institute, is an American think tank on the campus of Rice University in Houston, Texas.	James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claytor Lake State Park in Pulaski County, Virginia is located on Claytor Lake, a 4,500 acre (18 km²), 21 mile (34 km) long artificial lake on the New River created for a hydroelectric project (Claytor Dam) of the Appalachian Power Company.	Claytor Lake State Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Commodore Hull School, now also known as the Commodore Hull School Apartments, is a former elementary school at 130 Oak Avenue in Shelton, Connecticut.	Commodore Hull School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	CIHO-FM is a French language community radio station that broadcasts at 96.3 FM in Saint-Hilarion, Quebec, Canada.	CIHO-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garamduz Rural District (Persian: دهستان گرمادوز‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Garamduz Rural District	Garamduz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amesbury High School is a coeducational public high school in the city of Amesbury, Massachusetts, serving as the primary high school for students from Amesbury, South Hampton, New Hampshire, and also drawing some students from other parts of the lower Merrimack Valley region.	Amesbury High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dagenham Park Church of England School or Dagenham Park School, is a secondary school located in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham.	Dagenham Park Church of England School	London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masłoniowizna (maswɔɲɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarki, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Masłoniowizna	Gmina Żarki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rezaabad-e Shomsai (Persian: رضاابادشمسائي‎, also Romanized as Reẕāābād-e Shomsā’ī; also known as Reẕāābād) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Rezaabad-e Shomsai	Bahadoran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natz-Schabs (Italian: Naz-Sciaves) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of the city of Bolzano.	Natz-Schabs	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nochevo (Bulgarian: Ночево) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Nochevo	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koszalin is also a county-status city and capital of Koszalin County of West Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999.	Koszalin	West Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malone-Dufort Airport (ICAO: KMAL, FAA LID: MAL) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of the central business district of Malone, a village in the Town of Malone, Franklin County, New York, United States.	Malone-Dufort Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerbécourt (German: Gerbertshofen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Gerbécourt	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Cowton is a village and civil parish, located in Richmondshire, North Yorkshire, England.	North Cowton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefid Kamareh (Persian: سفيدكمره‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Kamareh; also known as Sefīd Kareh) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sefid Kamareh	Buin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kustrzyce (kusˈtʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kustrzyce	Gmina Sędziejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pando Creek (Spanish: Arroyo Pando) is a Uruguayan stream, crossing Canelones Department.	Pando Creek	Canelones Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Athens Skate Park is, as the name states, a skatepark located in Athens, Ohio.	Athens Skate Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clark Planetarium is situated within the Gateway District at the intersection of 400 West and 100 South in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah, USA.	Clark Planetarium	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goravan (Armenian: Գոռավան, formerly Yenikend), is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Goravan	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wołczyny (vɔu̯ˈt͡ʂɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Wołczyny	Gmina Włodawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varnian (Persian: وارنيان‎, also Romanized as Vārnīān and Vārneyān; also known as Vārīnān) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Varnian	Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadakan (Persian: هدكان‎, also Romanized as Hadakān and Hadkān; also known as Hada Ku and Hadakuh) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Hadakan	Bu ol Kheyr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Mount Carmel Center was the name of the Branch Davidian home outside of Waco, Texas, United States, led by Benjamin Roden and later David Koresh.	Mount Carmel Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVBR-FM (93.5 FM) is a college radio student-owned and volunteer-run station that broadcasts to Ithaca, New York, and surrounding areas.	WVBR-FM	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	West End Christian School (WECS) is a Christian school in Hopewell, Virginia with over 170 students in enrollment.	West End Christian School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Town Creek Indian Mound (31 MG 2) is a prehistoric Native American archaeological site located near Mount Gilead, Montgomery County, North Carolina, in the United States.	Town Creek Indian Mound	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yorkrakine is a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, and is part of the Shire of Tammin, 203 kilometres (126 mi) east of the state capital, Perth.	Yorkrakine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salton Sea State Recreation Area is run by the California Department of Parks and Recreation.	Salton Sea State Recreation Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Druid Park (originally known as the Wheatsheaf Ground) is a multi-purpose stadium in Woolsington, north of Newcastle upon Tyne in England.	Druid Park	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilsonville Public Library (WPL) is the single-location public library of the city of Wilsonville in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Wilsonville Public Library	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bowers-Felts House on Lotus Lane in Lufkin, Texas was designed by architect Shirley Simons and was built in 1928.	Bowers-Felts House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whittington Castle is a castle in northern Shropshire, England, owned and managed by the Whittington Castle Preservation Fund.	Whittington Castle	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciemianka (t͡ɕeˈmjanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ciemianka	Gmina Grabowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Geredeleh-ye Vosta (Persian: چمگردله وسطي‎, also Romanized as Cham Geredeleh-ye Vosţá; also known as Cham Geredeleh and Cham Gerdeleh) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Geredeleh-ye Vosta	Jayedar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yord-e Khalaf (Persian: يردخلف‎; also known as Yūrd-e Khalaf) is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Yord-e Khalaf	Behdasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yidukou (Chinese: 义渡口镇) is a town in Ling County, Dezhou, in northwestern Shandong province, China.	Yidukou	Ling County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Institute (SIPI) is a federally operated Bureau of Indian Affairs community college located in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Institute	Albuquerque
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catalina State Park is a state park of Arizona, USA, located adjacent to Coronado National Forest on the western slopes of the Santa Catalina Mountains north of Tucson.	Catalina State Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walnut Park Historic District is located in the University Hill neighborhood of Syracuse, New York, adjacent to the Syracuse University campus.	Walnut Park Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huxley College of the Environment at Western Washington University is one of the oldest environmental colleges in the nation and a recognized leader in producing the next generation of environmental professionals and stewards.	Huxley College of the Environment	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Avenue South Bridge is a pair of double-leaf bascule bridges built between 1956 and 1998 that carry State Route 99 over the Duwamish River about three miles (5 km) south of downtown Seattle, Washington.	First Avenue South Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stevens Pass (elevation 4,056 ft (1,236 m)) is a mountain pass through the Cascade Mountains located at the border of King County and Chelan County in Washington, United States.	Stevens Pass	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregational Church of the Evangel is a historic Congregational church at 1950 Bedford Ave. in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Congregational Church of the Evangel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kingman Army Air Forces Flexible Gunnery School Radio Tower, at 7000 Flightline Dr. in Kingman, Arizona is a historic structure built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1943.	Kingman Army Air Forces Flexible Gunnery School Radio Tower	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reit im Winkl is a small village (locally known as a snow-magnet ) located on the German/Austrian border in the southeastern part of Bavaria, Germany in the Traunstein district, and was previously an immigration and customs control point (prior to the formation of the Schengen Zone).	Reit im Winkl	Traunstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolbol Safai (Persian: بلبل صفائي‎, also Romanized as Bolbol Şafā’ī) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bolbol Safai	Jaydasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golzar-e Olya (Persian: گلزارعليا‎, also Romanized as Golzār-e ``Olyā; also known as Qūzlū-ye Bālā) is a village in Emam Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 381, in 93 families.	Golzar-e Olya	Emam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metro Tacubaya is a station on Lines 1, 7 and 9 of the Mexico City Metro system.	Metro Tacubaya	Mexico City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Groveland Correctional Facility is a medium security prison located in the Town of Groveland in Livingston County, New York, in the United States.	Groveland Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Broad Street Residential Historic District is a 18 acres (7.3 ha) historic district in Winder, Georgia.	North Broad Street Residential Historic District	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachek (Persian: كچك‎) is a village in Karian Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kachek	Karian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Island of Happy Days is a historic estate located on Stout Island in Red Cedar Lake, Barron County, Wisconsin.	Island of Happy Days	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarkówka Duża (t͡ʂarˈkufka ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czarkówka Duża	Gmina Perlejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Territories Heung Yee Kuk Yuen Long District Secondary School (abbreviated as NTHYKYLDSS) (Chinese: 新界鄉議局元朗區中學) is a Hong Kong secondary school located in Yuen Long, New Territories.	New Territories Heung Yee Kuk Yuen Long District Secondary School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mylapore taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Mylapore taluk	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terra Cotta, California is a former mining town in Riverside County.	Terra Cotta, California	Riverside County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu Stadium (Sinhalese: පාකියසොති සර්වනමූත්තු ක්‍රීඩාංගනය, Tamil: பாக்கியசோதி சரவணமுத்து மைதானம்;), Colombo Oval or P. Sara or simply PSS is a multi-purpose stadium in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu Stadium	Colombo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackfen School for Girls is a girls' secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Blackfen in the London Borough of Bexley, England.	Blackfen School for Girls	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Heaton is a small area of Newcastle upon Tyne in Tyne and Wear, England.	High Heaton	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pátio do Colégio (in Portuguese School Yard, written in the archaic orthography Pateo do Collegio) is the name given to the historical Jesuit church and school in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.	Pátio do Colégio	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Astanjin (Persian: استانجين‎, also Romanized as Āstanjīn, Astānjīn, and Āstānajīn; also known as Asnānjīn, Astaniya, and Āstatjīn) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Markazi Rural District, Kaghazkonan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Astanjin	Kaghazkonan-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Kheyrabad (Persian: عباس ابادخيراباد‎, also Romanized as ʿAbbāsābād-e Kheyrābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abbasabad-e Kheyrabad	Salehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yau Kom Tau (Chinese: 油柑頭) is a geographical feature at the north shore of Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong.	Yau Kom Tau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Union Meetinghouse, now the Union Baptist Church, is a historic church at 107 Mason Road in the Farmington Falls area of Farmington, Maine.	Old Union Meetinghouse	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Romeo is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 22 km (14 mi) southwest of Sayward and 10 km (6 mi) northeast of Mount Abel.	Mount Romeo	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Inglefield Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Inglefield Mountains	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buildwas Abbey is located along the banks of the River Severn in Buildwas, Shropshire, England, about two miles west of Ironbridge.	Buildwas Abbey	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delaware Valley High School in Milford, Pennsylvania, is the high school that serves grades 9-12 in the greater part of Pike County.	Delaware Valley High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skøelva or Skøelv is the second largest village in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county, Norway.	Skøelva	Sørreisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawndale Art Center is a non-profit space for the exhibition of contemporary works of art in all media, based in Houston, Texas, USA, focused on exhibiting work by Houston area artists.	Lawndale Art Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltimore County Jail is a historic jail located at Towson in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States.	Baltimore County Jail	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merd-e Now (Persian: مردنو‎‎; also known as Mardūnow and Merdūnū) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Merd-e Now	Fatuyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glinka Szlachecka (ˈɡlinka ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Glinka Szlachecka	Gmina Kostrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayes railway station is a railway station located in Hayes in the London Borough of Bromley, south east London, England.	Hayes railway station	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Administration/Science Building, originally known as Science Hall, is a building on the campus of Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona.	Administration/Science Building	Tempe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Seyyed Ali (Persian: سراب صيدعلي‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Seyyed ``Alī and Sarab Seid Ali) is a village in Doab Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 128, in 23 families.	Sarab-e Seyyed Ali	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadlymanske (Ukrainian: Надлиманське; Russian: Надлиманское) is a village in the Ovidiopolskyi Raion of the Odessa Oblast in Ukraine.	Nadlymanske	Odessa Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archeological Site 38CK45, also known as Locus 2, is a historic archaeological site located near Gaffney, Cherokee County, South Carolina.	Archeological Site 38CK45	Cherokee County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pleasanton Fault is a seismically active geological structure in Alameda County and Contra Costa County, California, USA.	Pleasanton Fault	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonini (pronounced (bɔˈniːni)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Bonini	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elayn Hunt Correctional Center (EHCC) is located in St. Gabriel, Louisiana, is a multi-security- level Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections institution for adult men.	Elayn Hunt Correctional Center	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jellaz Cemetery (also known as al-Jallaz) is a large hillside Muslim cemetery in Tunis, Tunisia, established in the thirteenth century.	Jellaz Cemetery	Tunis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hartford Distributors shooting was a mass shooting that occurred on August 3, 2010, in Manchester, Connecticut, United States.	Hartford Distributors shooting	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hinckley Institute of Politics is a bipartisan institute located on the University of Utah campus in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Hinckley Institute of Politics	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zlataritsa Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Златарица) is a small municipality (obshtina) in Veliko Tarnovo Province, Central-North Bulgaria, located in the area of the so-called Pre-Balkan north of Stara planina mountain.	Zlataritsa Municipality	Veliko Tarnovo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion Šubićevac is a small association football stadium in Šibenik, Croatia.	Stadion Šubićevac	Šibenik
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Residences Providence (formerly The Residences at the Westin) is a high-rise residential tower in downtown Providence, Rhode Island designed by TRO Jung Brannen and developed by The Procaccianti Group.	The Residences Providence	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jir Zudel (Persian: جيرزودل‎, also Romanized as Jīr Zūdel; also known as Zūdel Sar) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jir Zudel	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frasnes-lez-Buissenal is a village in Frasnes-lez-Anvaing, a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.	Frasnes-lez-Buissenal	Frasnes-lez-Anvaing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deep Water Bay (Chinese: 深水灣) is a bay and residential area on the southern shore of Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Deep Water Bay	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osienniki (ɔɕenˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Osienniki	Gmina Płaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black River First Nation (sometimes Little Black River First Nation; Makadewaagamijiwanong in Ojibwe) is an Ojibwa First Nation located around O'Hanley, Manitoba, along the O'Hanley and Black Rivers, on the eastern shore of Lake Winnipeg.	Black River First Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osieki Lęborskie (ɔˈɕɛki lɛmˈbɔrskʲɛ) (German: Osseken or Ossecken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Osieki Lęborskie	Gmina Choczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowie Island is a small island in Northern Saskatchewan, Canada; surrounded by Cree Lake.	Cowie Island	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marlborough Center Historic District is a historic district encompassing the civic and commercial heart of Marlborough, Massachusetts.	Marlborough Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chateau Neuf is a building in Oslo, Norway that houses Det Norske Studentersamfund (The Norwegian Students' Society), including cafes, bars, performance centers, and other facilities for student assembly.	Chateau Neuf	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monash Freeway is a major urban freeway in Victoria, Australia, linking Melbourne's CBD to its south-eastern suburbs and beyond to the Gippsland region.	Monash Freeway	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asnoti (Kannada:ಅಸನೊತಿ) is a village in Karwar Taluka, Uttara Kannada district, Karnataka, India.	Asnoti	Uttara Kannada	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patchewollock is a town in north-west Victoria, Australia.	Patchewollock	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Gipping is the source river for the River Orwell in the county of Suffolk in East Anglia, England, which gave its name to the former Gipping Rural District and the village of Gipping.	River Gipping	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uppingham School is a co-educational independent school situated in the small market town of Uppingham in Rutland, England.	Uppingham School	Rutland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saustrup (Danish: Savstrup) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Saustrup	Schleswig-Flensburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmers End is an area of south east London within the London Borough of Bromley, largely falling within the borders of Beckenham.	Elmers End	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jardin botanique de la Roche Fauconnière is a private botanical garden located in the Parc de la Fauconnière, Cherbourg-Octeville, Manche, Basse-Normandie, France.	Jardin botanique de la Roche Fauconnière	Manche
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Overtown Historic District (also known as Blackbottom) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on July 19, 2002) located in Sarasota, Florida.	Overtown Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ibero-American Exposition of 1929 was a world's fair held in Seville, Spain, from 9 May 1929 until 21 June 1930.	Ibero-American Exposition of 1929	Seville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oswego Yacht Club, known now as the McCrobie Civic Center and for a time as the Naval Militia Building, is a historic clubhouse building located at Oswego in Oswego County, New York.	Oswego Yacht Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newbiggin-by-the-Sea is a small town in Northumberland, England, lying on the North Sea coast.	Newbiggin-by-the-Sea	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamrzyno (jamˈʐɨnɔ) (German Jamrin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jamrzyno	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shotor Pa (Persian: شترپا‎, also Romanized as Shotor Pā) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shotor Pa	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varnamad (Persian: ورنمد‎‎, also Romanized as Varnemad and Varne``mat; also known as Varnamad-e Soflá) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 124, in 30 families.	Varnamad	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Provo Tabernacle served as a tabernacle of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1898 to 2010 in downtown Provo, Utah, United States.	Provo Tabernacle	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavlimak (Persian: گاوليماك‎, also Romanized as Gāvlīmāk) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gavlimak	Chehel Shahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomsen River, located in the Northwest Territories of Canada, is the northernmost usable river of the country.	Thomsen River	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan al-Asal (Arabic: خان العسل‎, also spelled Khan al-Assal) is a district of Aleppo city in northern Syria.	Khan al-Asal	Aleppo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa Schutzenberger, also known as Hôtel Schutzenberger (German: Schützenberger) is an Art Nouveau hôtel particulier on allée de la Robertsau in the Neustadt district of Strasbourg, in the French department of the Bas-Rhin.	Villa Schutzenberger	Strasbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Zulch High School is a 1A public high school located in unincorporated North Zulch, Texas (USA).	North Zulch High School	North Zulch, Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Northern Railway Underpass at Stanley, North Dakota is a concrete deck girder bridge that was built in 1937.	Great Northern Railway Underpass	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monroe Community College is a two-year college of the State University of New York, located in Monroe County, New York.	Monroe Community College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazeh Qola (Persian: مازه قلا‎, also Romanized as Māzeh Qolā) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mazeh Qola	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sigam is a village in the district of Bharuch, in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Sigam	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klonowo Dolne (klɔˈnɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klonowo Dolne	Gmina Przywidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garret Club is a historic woman's clubhouse located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	Garret Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnopole (t͡ʂarnɔˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Czarnopole	Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glinik Zaborowski (ˈɡlʲiɲik zabɔˈrɔfskʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Glinik Zaborowski	Gmina Strzyżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sha Lo Wan (Chinese: 沙螺灣) is a bay in the northwest Lantau Island, Hong Kong.	Sha Lo Wan	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gile (ˈɡʲilɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Gile	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maude Kerns Art Center is a non-profit community center for the visual arts located in Eugene, Oregon.	Maude Kerns Art Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taghan (Persian: تاغان‎, also Romanized as Ţāghān and Ţāqān) is a village in Darmian Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Taghan	Darmian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Towcester (/ˈtoʊstə/ TOE-stə), the Roman town of Lactodorum, is an affluent market town in south Northamptonshire, England.	Towcester	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adulis or Aduli (Αδουλίς in Ancient Greek) is an archeological site in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea, situated about 30 miles south of Massawa in the Gulf of Zula.	Adulis	Zula
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burg Greifenstein is a castle in Lower Austria, Austria, overlooking the Danube.	Burg Greifenstein	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bear Valley Strip Mine is an abandoned coal strip mine located in Coal Township, Northumberland County, to the southwest of the town of Shamokin, Pennsylvania.	Bear Valley Strip Mine	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Couëron (Breton: Koeron) is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.	Couëron	Loire-Atlantique
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katići (Serbian: Катићи) is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia.	Katići	Ivanjica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aukarnersuaq Island (old spelling: Aukarnerssuaq) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Aukarnersuaq Island	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braeside Halt is a stopping place on the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man and is located on the first section of the inter-urban line a short distance from its southernmost terminus.	Braeside Halt	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavan Darreh (Persian: گوندره‎, also Romanized as Gavandareh; also known as Gevendere, Kavandaraq, Kūndareh, Kundarre, and Kundarreh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Gavan Darreh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emmanuel Church of the Evangelical Association of Binghamton, now Our Free Will Baptist Church, is a historic Evangelical church located at Binghamton in Broome County, New York.	Emmanuel Church of the Evangelical Association of Binghamton	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herarun (Persian: هرارون‎, also Romanized as Herārūn and Ḩerārūn; also known as Aḩrāron, Aḩrārūn, and Hezārūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Herarun	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka Malborska (dɔmˈbrufka malˈbɔrska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dąbrówka Malborska	Gmina Stary Targ
located in the administrative territorial entity	York River State Park is located near the unincorporated town of Croaker in James City County, Virginia on the south bank of the York River about 10 miles downstream from West Point.	York River State Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Paula Hardware Company Building, located in Santa Paula, California, and more commonly referred to as the Union Oil Company Building, is significant for its historical importance as the birthplace of the Union Oil Company on October 17, 1890.	Union Oil Company Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John C. Freeman Weather Museum is a weather museum in the museum district of Houston, Texas.	John C. Freeman Weather Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fatao is an urban commune and small town in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali.	Fatao	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gesupur is a village and panchayat in Bulandshahr district, Meerut division, Uttar Pradesh, India, on the Kali River.	Gesupur	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciermięcice (t͡ɕɛrmjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) (Czech: Trmantice, German: Türmitz or formerly Tirmanz) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce.	Ciermięcice	Gmina Głubczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Kasht (Persian: نوكاشت‎, also Romanized as Now Kāsht) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Now Kasht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faramdeh (Persian: فرامده‎, also Romanized as Farāmdeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Faramdeh	Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kissousa (Greek: Κισσούσα) is a small village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 2 km south of Malia.	Kissousa	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The GAPA Launch Site and Blockhouse near Knolls in Tooele County, Utah dates from 1946.	GAPA Launch Site and Blockhouse	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasos (/ˈkɑːsoʊs/; also Kassos; Greek: Κάσος) is a Greek island municipality in the Dodecanese.	Kasos	Dodecanese
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Sabata Dalindyebo Local Municipality is one of seven local municipalities within the Oliver Reginald Tambo District Municipality.	King Sabata Dalindyebo Local Municipality	Tambo District Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ossówka-Kolonia (ɔˈsːufka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ossówka-Kolonia	Gmina Leśna Podlaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Arkansas (often shortened to U of A, UARK, or just UA) is a public, co-educational, land-grant, space-grant, research university located in Fayetteville, in the U.S. state of Arkansas.	University of Arkansas	Fayetteville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mard-e Khaneh (Persian: مردخانه‎, also Romanized as Mard-e Khāneh; also known as Mard) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Mard-e Khaneh	Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Derryfield School is an independent college preparatory, coeducational high school and middle school located in Manchester, New Hampshire, United States.	The Derryfield School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crathie Kirk is a small Church of Scotland parish church in the Scottish village of Crathie, best known for being the regular place of worship of the British Royal Family when they are holidaying at nearby Balmoral Castle.	Crathie Kirk	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yellow Springs Historic District is a large historic district that encompasses the majority of the village of Yellow Springs, Ohio, United States.	Yellow Springs Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ikeja is the state capital of Lagos State.	Ikeja	Lagos State
located in the administrative territorial entity	The N-Reactor was a water/graphite-moderated nuclear reactor constructed during the Cold War and operated by the U.S. government at the Hanford Site in Washington; it began production in 1963.	N-Reactor	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Courtland Flats are an apartment building on Court Street in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Courtland Flats	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	McArthur Lake is located in Northern Ontario, about 40 km south of the city of Timmins.	McArthur Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratyshchi (Ukrainian: Ра́тищі; Polish: Ratyszcze) is a village (selo) in the Zboriv Raion, Ternopil Oblast (province in western Ukraine).	Ratyshchi	Zboriv Raion	Ternopil Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galsan Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.	Galsan Station	Incheon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Springfield Grade Road was an early turnpike between Springfield, West Virginia and Capon Bridge, West Virginia.	Springfield Grade Road	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	A feature known as the Porcupine Hills is located in the Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba.	Porcupine Hills	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neyzeh-ye Sofla (Persian: نيزه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Neyzeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Neyzeh-ye Sofla	Gavork-e Nalin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashley and Bailey Silk Mill is a historic silk mill located at Marietta, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Ashley and Bailey Silk Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taricharkalan is a town and a nagar panchayat in Tikamgarh district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Taricharkalan	Tikamgarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodrow Wilson Presidential Library houses Woodrow Wilson materials from during and immediately after his lifetime, memoirs of those who worked with him, and governmental volumes concerning World War I. The library is located at the Woodrow Wilson Birthplace, at 18--24 North Coalter Street in Staunton, Virginia.	Woodrow Wilson Presidential Library	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarczechowo (jart͡ʂɛˈxɔvɔ) (German: Jarshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Jarczechowo	Gmina Kikół
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Suri (Persian: سرابسوري‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Sūrī and Sarāb Sīrī; also known as Sarāb-e Mīrī) is a village in Azna Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Suri	Azna Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odalengo Piccolo (dialect: Audalèng) is a commune (comune) of the Province of Alessandria in the northwest Italian region Piedmont.	Odalengo Piccolo	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horní Město (German: Bergstadt) is a town with 1009 inhabitants (as of 1 January 2004) in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Horní Město	Bruntál District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vágáshuta (Slovak: Vágašská Huta) is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.	Vágáshuta	Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County
located in the administrative territorial entity	AKG Nagar is a residential locality within Peroorkada, Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum) in the Indian state of Kerala.	AKG Nagar	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haggin Museum, is an art museum and local history museum in Stockton, San Joaquin County, California.	Haggin Museum	Stockton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shekar Bolagh (Persian: شكربلاغ‎, also Romanized as Shekar Bolāgh) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shekar Bolagh	Qaratureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatch Beauchamp is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 5 miles (8.0 km) south east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Hatch Beauchamp	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marulewy (maruˈlɛvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Marulewy	Gmina Inowrocław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białobrzegi County (Polish: powiat białobrzeski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Białobrzegi County	Masovian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dodonovo (Russian: Додоново) is a village near Zheleznogorsk, Krasnoyarsk Krai.	Dodonovo	Zheleznogorsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porażyn (pɔˈraʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Porażyn	Gmina Opalenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chłopia Łąka (ˈxwɔpja ˈwɔnka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chłopia Łąka	Gmina Krasnosielc
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loiching is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.	Loiching	Dingolfing-Landau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodmansterne railway station is (only just) in the London Borough of Croydon, Greater London, England, lying immediately east of the London/Surrey border.	Woodmansterne railway station	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Siah (Persian: تنگ سياه‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Sīāh) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Siah	Charam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pearl Lake State Park, at the base of Hahn's Peak, is in Routt County, Colorado near the town of Hahn's Peak, Colorado and is north of Steamboat Springs.	Pearl Lake State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Based on archeological finds, Brooman Point Village is an abandoned village in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Brooman Point Village	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lantz Farm and Nature Preserve Wildlife Management Area is located on 555 acres (225 ha) in Jacksonburg, east of Blacksville in Wetzel County, West Virginia.	Lantz Farm and Nature Preserve Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ashford Academy is an historic school building on Fitts Road in Ashford, Connecticut.	Ashford Academy	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neduvasal (நெடுவாசல்) is a village in Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Neduvasal	Pudukkottai district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Klingnauer Stausee (or ``Klingnau reservoir'') is a reservoir near Böttstein, canton of Aargau, Switzerland, at 47°35′N 8°14′E. The reservoir with a surface of 1.16 km² was formed at the construction of a power plant on the Aare river in the 1930s.	Klingnauer Stausee	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Combs-la-Ville is a commune in the south-eastern suburbs of Paris, in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.	Combs-la-Ville	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kendrick Mountain Wilderness is a 6,510-acre (26.3 km2) wilderness area in the U.S. State of Arizona.	Kendrick Mountain Wilderness	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefidan (Persian: سفيدان‎, also Romanized as Sefīdān; also known as Mazra``eh-ye Sefīdān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Sefidan	Khvajehei Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Round Lake High School, officially Round Lake Senior High School, and commonly RLHS, is a public four-year high school located in Round Lake, Illinois, a northern suburb of Chicago, in the United States.	Round Lake High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Original Town of Fernandina Historic Site, also known as ``Old Town'', is a historic site in Fernandina Beach, Florida, located on Amelia Island.	Original Town of Fernandina Historic Site	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Derakht (Persian: چهاردرخت‎, also Romanized as Chahār Derakht) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahar Derakht	Pain Rokh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Präzer Höhi (also known as Mutta) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, situated near Thusis in the canton of Graubünden.	Präzer Höhi	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BR-040 traverses Distrito Federal and the states of Goiás, Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro.	BR-040	Goiás	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mastki (ˈmastki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mastki	Gmina Chąśno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Locus 7 Site is an archaeological site in Washington Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Locus 7 Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masłowice Trzebiatkowskie (maswɔˈvit͡sɛ tʂɛbjatˈkɔfskʲɛ) (German: Klein Massowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchomie, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Masłowice Trzebiatkowskie	Gmina Tuchomie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conant Gardens is a neighborhood in northeast Detroit, Michigan.	Conant Gardens	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buenos Aires (/ˈbweɪnəs ˈɛəriːz/ or /ˈaɪrɪs/, Spanish: (ˈbwenos ˈaiɾes)) is the capital and largest city of Argentina, and the second-largest metropolitan area in South America.	Buenos Aires	Argentina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2020 International Eucharistic Congress will be the 52nd edition of the International Eucharistic Congress (IEC) which takes place in 2020 in Budapest, Hungary.	2020 International Eucharistic Congress	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narrow Hills Provincial Park is provincial park in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Narrow Hills Provincial Park	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJYK is a Contemporary Christian and Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Chase City, Virginia, serving Chase City and Northern Mecklenburg County, Virginia.	WJYK	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYBZ is licensed to Crooksville, Ohio, and like many stations in the region, targets listeners in the nearby Zanesville, Ohio area including the following counties:	WYBZ	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Malden is a ward of the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames in southwest London, 10 miles (16 km) south west of Charing Cross.	Old Malden	Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potato Creek State Park is an Indiana state park located in north central part of the U.S. state of Indiana about 12 miles (19 km) southwest of South Bend.	Potato Creek State Park	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Humbert Covered Bridge, or the Faidley Covered Bridge, is an 126-foot-6-inch (38.56 m) Burr Arch truss covered bridge that crosses Laurel Hill Creek, in Lower Turkeyfoot Township, Somerset County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Lower Humbert Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladsaxe Stadium (Danish: Gladsaxe Stadion) is a sports center located in Søborg, Gladsaxe Municipality, in Copenhagen, which is primarily used for association football matches.	Gladsaxe Stadium	Gladsaxe Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eisingrug (meaning: a place where corn was winnowed after husking) is a rural hamlet near Harlech, Gwynedd, Wales.	Eisingrug	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kakuhan Range is a mountain range in southeastern Alaska, United States, located on the east side of the Lynn Canal south of Haines and north of Berners Bay which in turn is approximately 64 km (40 mi) north of Juneau.	Kakuhan Range	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Williston Basin is a large intracratonic sedimentary basin in eastern Montana, western North Dakota, South Dakota, and southern Saskatchewan, that is known for its rich deposits of petroleum and potash.	Williston Basin	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boping (Chinese: 博平镇) is a town in Chiping County, Liaocheng, in western Shandong province, China.	Boping	Chiping County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łukanowice (wukanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łukanowice	Gmina Wojnicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pfersee is a part of the city of Augsburg, Bavaria with some 25.000 inhabitants on the western shore of river Wertach.	Pfersee	Augsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walby is a hamlet in the City of Carlisle District, in the county of Cumbria, England.	Walby	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Krempska (ˈxuta ˈkrɛmpska) (Ukrainian: Гута Крампська, Huta Kramps’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Huta Krempska	Gmina Krempna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miłaczew Kolonia (miˈwat͡ʂɛf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Miłaczew Kolonia	Gmina Malanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nelson railway station serves the town of Nelson in Lancashire, and is situated on the East Lancashire Line 2 miles (3 km) away from the terminus at Colne.	Nelson railway station	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pileh Kuh (Persian: پيله كوه‎, also Romanized as Pīleh Kūh; also known as Pīlkūh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pileh Kuh	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palms Book State Park is a state park in Thompson Township, Schoolcraft County, in the eastern Upper Peninsula of Michigan.	Palms Book State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghuyeh (Persian: باغويه‎, also Romanized as Bāghūyeh; also known as Bāghu and Bāqū) is a village in Moqam Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Baghuyeh	Shibkaveh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spirit of Knowledge Charter School was a public charter school in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Spirit of Knowledge Charter School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Carleton High School is a high school situated in the southwestern sector of the city of Ottawa, in the town of Richmond, Ontario.	South Carleton High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schondorf am Ammersee is a municipality in the district Landsberg am Lech, Bavaria, Germany and is a member of the municipal association Schondorf am Ammersee The municipal association based in Schondorf.	Schondorf	Landsberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angels Camp Museum is a history museum located in Angels Camp, California, in the United States.	Angels Camp Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vasquez Peak Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located southwest of Winter Park, Colorado.	Vasquez Peak Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landerd ( pronunciation ) is a municipality within the province of North Brabant in the southern Netherlands.	Landerd	North Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pontymister (Welsh:Pont-y-meistr) is a small village in Caerphilly county borough in Wales.	Pontymister	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freese's Tavern is a historic tavern and general store at the northwest corner of the junction of New Hampshire Routes 109 and 25 in Moultonborough, New Hampshire.	Freese's Tavern	Moultonborough
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bangor Auditorium (demolished 2013) was a 5,948 seat multipurpose arena located in downtown Bangor, Maine.	Bangor Auditorium	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Courthouse of American Samoa, formerly Administration Building, Navy No. 21, is a historic building near Pago Pago Harbor in Fagatogo, American Samoa.	Courthouse of American Samoa	Fagatogo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern Vance High School is a high school in North Carolina, located at 293 Warrenton Road in Henderson, North Carolina.	Northern Vance High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradford GO Station is a railway station and bus station in the GO Transit network located in Bradford, Ontario in Canada.	Bradford GO Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHAR No.4 was a restaurant and whiskey bar located in the New York City neighborhood of Cobble Hill, Brooklyn, specializing in southern cuisine and noted for its large selection of Bourbon whiskey.	CHAR No.4	New York City	Brooklyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skandinavisk Dyrepark (Scandinavian Wildlife Park) is a Danish zoo in Djursland, located in Syddjurs Municipality in Denmark.	Skandinavisk Dyrepark	Syddjurs Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel de Suffren (a.k.a. Hôtel Forbin d'Oppède) is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence.	Hôtel de Suffren	Aix-en-Provence
located in the administrative territorial entity	The International Preparatory School is a high school that serves grades 5-12 in the Lower West Side of Buffalo, New York .	The International Preparatory School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunhua Road (Chinese: 敦化路; pinyin: Dūnhuà Lù), consists of Dunhua North Road (Chinese: 敦化北路) and Dunhua South Road (Chinese: 敦化南路), also called 12th Ave, is a major north-south arterial in Taipei, Taiwan.	Dunhua Road	Taipei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niederhöchstadt station is a junction station in the Niederhöchstadt district of the town of Eschborn in the German state of Hesse.	Niederhöchstadt station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schoenhof's Foreign Books is a specialty bookstore in Cambridge, Massachusetts, near Harvard Square.	Schoenhof's Foreign Books	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miyan Ab Rural District (Persian: دهستان ميان آب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Miyan Ab Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newara is a village and a panchayat in the weir tehsil of the Bharatpur district in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Newara	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carolina Theatre of Greensboro, North Carolina is Greensboro, North Carolina's only remaining historic theatre.	Carolina Theatre of Greensboro	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leadbetter Point is a point on the northwest coast of Pacific County in the state of Washington in the United States.	Leadbetter Point	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woolen Goods Prairie Pumping Complex (Persian: مجتمع تلمبه هائ كشاورزئ پشمينه زار‎ -- Mojtame` Tolombeh Hāy Keshāvarzy Pashmīneh Zār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Woolen Goods Prairie Pumping Complex	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sørkedalen is a valley located in the northwestern part of Oslo municipality, northwest of Oslo's western suburbs, in Norway.	Sørkedalen	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel on Rivington is a 20-story luxury hotel on Rivington Street between Ludlow and Essex Streets in the Downtown Manhattan.	Hotel on Rivington	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przeręba (pʂɛˈrɛmba) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Przeręba	Gmina Rzeczenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birkeland Church (Norwegian: Birkeland kirke or Nesttun kirke) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Birkeland Church	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The H. Russell Albee House is a dwelling in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	H. Russell Albee House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warnke Covered Bridge, also known as Warnke Bridge, is a historic covered bridge crossing Swamp Creek in Harrison Township, Preble County, Ohio, northeast of Lewisburg.	Warnke Covered Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	St James's is a central district in London in the City of Westminster, forming part of the West End.	St James's	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bopolu is the capital city of Gbarpolu County, Liberia, and is located 100 kilometers north of Monrovia.	Bopolu	Gbarpolu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johanniskreuz is a tiny hamlet in the middle of the Palatine Forest in Germany and belongs to the municipality of Trippstadt in the district of Kaiserslautern in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Johanniskreuz	Trippstadt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh-ye Hoseyn Khan (Persian: تپه حسينخان‎, also Romanized as Tappeh-ye Ḩoseyn Khān) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh-ye Hoseyn Khan	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradford District High School is a public, English-language secondary school located in Bradford, Ontario.	Bradford District High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasrur (Urdu: پسرُور‎), is a city of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Pasrur	Sialkot District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Bačka District (Serbian: Западнобачки округ / Zapadnobački okrug) is a northern district of Serbia.	West Bačka District	Serbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chociule (xɔˈt͡ɕulɛ) (German: Kutschlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Chociule	Gmina Świebodzin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyrmont Power Station was an electricity generating plant located in the Sydney suburb of Pyrmont, New South Wales.	Pyrmont Power Station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crawford House Artist's Studio (also known as the Frank Shapleigh Studio) is a historic studio building in Carroll, New Hampshire.	Crawford House Artist's Studio	Carroll
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeville North High School (LNHS) is a public high school in northern Lakeville, Minnesota.	Lakeville North High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sarah Davidson Apartment Block is a historic commercial and multifamily residential building at 3 Gaylord Street in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Sarah Davidson Apartment Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyadigera (Kannada: ಕ್ಯಾದಿಗೆರಾ ) is a village in Devadurga taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Kyadigera	Raichur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cole Bay is a northern hamlet in Saskatchewan's northern boreal forest.	Cole Bay	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woesten is a rural Belgian village in the Vleteren municipality of West Flanders province.	Woesten	Vleteren
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Danville station, also known as Danville Southern Railway Passenger Depot, is a historic train station in Danville, Virginia.	Danville station	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sand Hutton is a village and forms the larger part of the Claxton and Sand Hutton civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England, about 6 miles (9.7 km) north-east of York.	Sand Hutton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raulyana is a small village in Bageshwar District, of Uttarakhand state in northern India.	Raulyana	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Mallu (Persian: مزرعه ملو‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Mallū; also known as Mallū) is a village in Khuzi Rural District, Varavi District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 36, in 6 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mallu	Khuzi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wind River Experimental Forest is an ecological and silvicultural research in Stabler, Washington, in the United States.	Wind River Experimental Forest	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borynia (Ukrainian: Бо́риня) is an urban-type settlement in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast (region) of western Ukraine along the flow of the Stryi River.	Borynia	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idlewild and Soak Zone, commonly known as Idlewild Park or simply Idlewild, is a family amusement park situated in the Laurel Highlands near Ligonier, Pennsylvania, United States, about 50 miles (80 km) east of Pittsburgh, along US Route 30.	Idlewild and Soak Zone	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jimmye Laycock Football Center (JLFC) is a football facility for The College of William & Mary Tribe in Williamsburg, Virginia, USA.	Jimmye Laycock Football Center	Williamsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czajowice (t͡ʂajɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Wieś, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Czajowice	Gmina Wielka Wieś
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William T. Young Library, located on the campus of the University of Kentucky in Lexington, is named for William T. Young, a prominent local businessman, horse breeder, philanthropist and alumnus of the university, who began fund raising efforts with a donation of $5 million.	William T. Young Library	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghkand-e Samaraq (Persian: اغكندثمرق‎, also Romanized as Āgh Kand-e S̄amaraq; also known as Āqkand-e S̄amaraq) is a village in Qareh Naz Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghkand-e Samaraq	Qareh Naz Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lolawas is small village southeast of Jodhpur in Jodhpur District of Rajasthan, India.	Lolawas	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mischelbach a district of Pleinfeld in Bavaria, in the governmental district Central Franconia and administrative district Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen.	Mischelbach	Pleinfeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalleh-ye Yari (Persian: كله ياري‎, also Romanized as Kalleh-ye Yārī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kalleh-ye Yari	Tolbozan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goffstown Main Street Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic 19th-century center of Goffstown, New Hampshire.	Goffstown Main Street Historic District	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere dei Sangallo is the stretch of lungotevere between ponte Mazzini and ponte Principe Amedeo Savoia Aosta, in Rome, rioni Ponte and Regola.	Lungotevere dei Sangallo	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHKK is the call sign of The Hawk, a radio station licensed to Modesto, California with studios located in Stockton, California.	KHKK	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anchor Bay School District is a school district in Michigan, serving portions of southern St. Clair and eastern Macomb Counties.	Anchor Bay School District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menokin, also known as Francis Lightfoot Lee House, was the plantation of Francis Lightfoot Lee near Warsaw, Virginia.	Menokin	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Øvre Pasvik National Park (Norwegian: Øvre Pasvik nasjonalpark, Northern Sami: Báhčaveaji Álbmotmeahcci) is located in the southeastern part of the Pasvikdalen valley in southern Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Øvre Pasvik National Park	Sør-Varanger
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Salignac is the former castle of the Salignac-Fénelon family in the commune of Salignac-Eyvigues in the Dordogne département of France.	Château de Salignac	Salignac-Eyvigues
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trenton and Mercer County War Memorial-Soldiers' and Sailors' Memorial Building, known as the Trenton War Memorial is located in Trenton, Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.	Trenton War Memorial	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kariana is a small village in Amreli District in the state of Gujarat, India.	Kariana	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tosin (ˈtɔɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tosin	Gmina Zelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fritzlar is a small German town (pop. 15,000) in the Schwalm-Eder district in northern Hesse, 160 km (99 mi) north of Frankfurt, with a storied history.	Fritzlar	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świsłoczany (ɕfiswɔˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Świsłoczany	Gmina Gródek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenzerheide (Romansh: Lai) is a mountain resort in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Lenzerheide	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tornaveen (Scottish Gaelic: Tòrr nam Fiann) is a district to the north of the small village of Lumphanan, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Tornaveen	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lager Heuberg (Camp Heuberg) (48°9′N 9°1′E) is a Bundeswehr quarters located in the southern corner of the Truppenübungsplatz Heuberg (Heuberg military training area) in (Baden-Württemberg), near the city of Stetten am kalten Markt.	Lager Heuberg	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winnisquam Lake is located in Belknap County in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire, United States, in the communities of Meredith, Laconia, Sanbornton, Belmont, and Tilton.	Winnisquam Lake	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annetów (anˈnɛtuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Annetów	Gmina Bedlno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawson College is an English-language Collège d’enseignement général et professionnel (CEGEP) located in Westmount, Quebec.	Dawson College	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotforth is a civil parish and a suburb in the south of the city of City of Lancaster in Lancashire, England.	Scotforth	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galatro (Greek: Galotyrion) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Galatro	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monopol Hotel is a five-star hotel located at Helena Modrzejewska street, Wrocław.	Monopol Hotel	Wrocław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shiraj Mahalleh-ye Bozorg (Persian: شيرج محله بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Shīraj Maḩalleh-ye Bozorg) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shiraj Mahalleh-ye Bozorg	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skorzów (ˈskɔʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Skorzów	Gmina Busko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geshnizuiyeh (Persian: گشنيزوييه‎, also Romanized as Geshnīzū’īyeh; also known as Gīshnīzū’īyeh) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Geshnizuiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Fork Elk River is a 13.5-mile-long (21.7 km) stream in Colorado in the United States.	South Fork Elk River	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Savage River Reservoir is a 360 acres (1.5 km2) storage reservoir in northwest Maryland.	Savage River Reservoir	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rychłowiec (rɨˈxwɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnia, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rychłowiec	Gmina Rząśnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stachlew (ˈstaxlɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stachlew	Gmina Łyszkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuti Bazar (Persian: كوتي بازار‎, also Romanized as Kūtī Bāzār) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kuti Bazar	Tameshkol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Killorglin (Irish: Cill Orglan) is a town in County Kerry, South West of Rep. of Ireland.	Killorglin	County Kerry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Narkhovah (Persian: حسين ابادهنرخواه‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Narkhovāh; also known as Hosein Abad Ab Barikoo, Ḩoseynābād, and Ḩoseynābād-e Āb Bārīkū) is a village in Najafabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Narkhovah	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wutai County (Chinese: 五台县) is a county under the administration of Xinzhou prefecture-level city of Shanxi Province in northern China.	Wutai County	Xinzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pima Canyon is a major canyon located in the Santa Catalina Mountains, north of Catalina Foothills and Tucson, Arizona, USA.	Pima Canyon	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The development of Greater Kailash-I was followed by the expansion of the more acclaimed Greater Kailash Part II, which has easier accessibility to the Outer Ring Road of New Delhi.	Greater Kailash	New Delhi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Bałucka (ˈvɔla baˈwut͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Bałucka	Gmina Łask
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thusis (Italian: Tosana, Romansh: Tusàn) is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Thusis	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizmar-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان ديزمارغربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Siah Rud District, Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizmar-e Gharbi Rural District	Siah Rud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monvalle is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Milan and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Varese.	Monvalle	Province of Varese
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cassington is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire about 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Oxford.	Cassington	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ondiep is a working-class district in northwest Utrecht, Netherlands, between the river Vecht and Amsterdamsestraatweg street.	Ondiep	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deutsch-Wagram (literally ``German-Wagram'') is a town in Austria, in the Gänserndorf District of the federal state of Lower Austria.	Deutsch-Wagram	Gänserndorf District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freyenstein is a former small town in Brandenburg, Germany.	Freyenstein	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinsini is a village in Bharatpur district in Rajasthan, India, situated 20 km to the south from Deeg.	Sinsini	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzieżno (ˈd͡ʑeʐnɔ) (German: Emmashof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dzieżno	Gmina Lipiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winn Memorial Library / Woburn Public Library (1876-79) is a National Historic Landmark in Woburn, Massachusetts.	Winn Memorial Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guyi Garden (Chinese: 古猗园; pinyin: Gǔyī Yuán) is a classical Chinese garden in the town of Nanxiang in the suburban Jiading District of Shanghai, China.	Guyi Garden	Jiading District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiangchuan District (Chinese: 江川区; pinyin: Jiāngchuān Qū) is located in Yuxi, Yunnan, China.	Jiangchuan District	Yuxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krajewo-Łętowo (kraˈjɛvɔ wɛnˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krajewo-Łętowo	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keystone Resort is the largest ski resort in Summit County located in Keystone, Colorado, United States.	Keystone Resort	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James B. Stephens House is a house located in southeast Portland, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	James B. Stephens House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Dang (Persian: دره دنگ‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Dang) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Dang	Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Bala (Persian: حاجي ابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Bālā) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Bala	Aliabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abqah (Persian: ابقه‎, also Romanized as Ābqah and Āb Qeh; also known as Ābgheh, Āgha, and Aqah) is a village in Karat Rural District, in the Central District of Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abqah	Karat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tinsukia district (Pron:ˌtɪnˈsʊkiə) (Assamese: তিনিচুকীয়া জিলা) is one of the 27 administrative districts in the state of Assam, India.	Tinsukia district	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The headland of Cape Anguille is near the community of Cape Anguille, Newfoundland and Labrador (where the community takes its name) at the west coast of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Cape Anguille	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiązownica-Kolonia (vjɔ̃zɔvˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a colony in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wiązownica-Kolonia	Gmina Staszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Kozickie (ˈbudɨ kɔˈʑit͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Kozickie	Gmina Gostynin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Pir Ali (Persian: باباپيرعلي‎, also Romanized as Bābā Pīr ``Alī) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 744, in 223 families.	Baba Pir Ali	Korzan Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 33 Jahadabad (Persian: مشاع 33جهاداباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 33 Jahādābād) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 33 Jahadabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Ciświca (ˈnɔva t͡ɕiɕˈfit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Ciświca	Gmina Grodziec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Balsam Knob, also known as Black Balsam Bald, is in the Pisgah National Forest southwest of Asheville, North Carolina, near milepost 420 on the Blue Ridge Parkway.	Black Balsam Knob	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajan Yili (Persian: اجن يلي‎, also Romanized as Ājan Yīlī) is a village in Aq Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Ajan Yili	Aq Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohnabad (Persian: بهن اباد‎, also Romanized as Bohnābād and Buhnābād; also known as Bonābād and Bahmanābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bohnabad	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Tombecbe (Fort de Tombecbé), also spelled Tombecbee and Tombeché, was a stockade fort located on the Tombigbee River near the border of French Louisiana, in what is now Sumter County, Alabama.	Fort Tombecbe	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolesławek (bɔlɛˈswavɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bolesławek	Gmina Żabia Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowband-e Shahniz (Persian: دوبندشهنيز‎, also Romanized as Dowband-e Shahnīz; also known as Dowband) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dowband-e Shahniz	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shanghe County (simplified Chinese: 商河县; traditional Chinese: 商河縣; pinyin: Shānghé Xiàn) is under the administration of Jinan, the capital of Shandong province, People's Republic of China.	Shanghe County	Jinan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mead Memorial Chapel is a historic Episcopal chapel at 2 Chapel Road in the hamlet of Waccabuc, town of Lewisboro, Westchester County, New York.	Mead Memorial Chapel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watson Island is a neighborhood and man-made island in Biscayne Bay, in Miami, Florida, United States.	Watson Island	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bendinat is a seaside village in the municipality of Calvià on the west coast of the island of Majorca, part of the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands.	Bendinat	Calvià
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ślepie (ˈɕlɛpjɛ) (German: Schlöppen; until 1938: Schlepien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ślepie	Gmina Olecko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Manor College (PMC) is a private, liberal arts college located in Chestnut Hill, a suburb of Boston, Massachusetts.	Pine Manor College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qusajin (Persian: قوسجين‎, also Romanized as Qūsajīn; also known as Gūsūn, Qūsajan, and Qūsūn) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qusajin	Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	O'Brien's Bridge or O'Briensbridge (Irish: Droichead Uí Bhriain) is a village in east County Clare, Ireland, on the west bank of the River Shannon, in a civil parish of the same name.	O'Brien's Bridge	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reiff Farm is a historic home and farm complex located in Oley Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Reiff Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białczyk (ˈbjau̯t͡ʂɨk) (German: Neu Balz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica, within Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Białczyk	Gmina Witnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rehaliya is situated in Sheo tehsil and located in Barmer district of Rajasthan, India.	Rehaliya	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKissick Island (also known as McKissick's Island) is a former 5,000 acre island in the Missouri River that is part of Nemaha County, Nebraska but is now east of Nebraska's normal eastern border and can only be reached by land from Nebraska by first going through Iowa and Missouri.	McKissick Island	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linów-Leśniczówka (ˈlinuf lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Linów-Leśniczówka	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fayette School, also known as William C. Jacobs School and Politz Hebrew Academy, is a historic school building located in the Bustleton neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Fayette School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJGA-FM (92.1 FM) broadcasts from Jackson, Georgia, on 92.1 MHz at 3,000 watts ERP.	WJGA-FM	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amisfield Tower is a well-preserved tower house near Tinwald, about 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Dumfries, in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland.	Amisfield Tower	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Henry Seward Memorial is located along Main Street (NY 17A/94) in downtown Florida, New York.	William Henry Seward Memorial	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deraz Lat-e Bala (Persian: درازلات بالا‎, also Romanized as Derāz Lāt-e Bālā; also known as Derāz Lāt) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Deraz Lat-e Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakland Aviation Museum, formerly called Western Aerospace Museum, was founded in 1981 as a non-profit organization operating an aviation museum located at North Field of Oakland International Airport in Oakland, California.	Oakland Aviation Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lady Pepperrell House is a historic house on State Route 103, opposite the Congregational church, in Kittery Point, Maine, United States.	Lady Pepperrell House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadrożne (naˈdrɔʐnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nadrożne	Gmina Kobiele Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	901 New York Avenue NW is a high-rise Postmodern high-rise located in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	901 New York Avenue	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simlibass is a village located in the state of Haryana, India, close to the Bhiwani Haryana district.	Simlibass	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean Park Hong Kong, commonly known as Ocean Park, is a marine mammal park, oceanarium, animal theme park and amusement park, situated in Wong Chuk Hang and Nam Long Shan in the Southern District of Hong Kong.	Ocean Park Hong Kong	Southern District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fine Arts Work Center is a non-profit enterprise devoted to encouraging the growth and development of emerging visual artists and writers through residency programs, to the propagation of aesthetic values and experience, and to the restoration of the year-round vitality of the historic art colony of Provincetown, Massachusetts.	Fine Arts Work Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houses at 1907-1951 N. 32nd St., also known as Mansion Court, are a set of 12 historic double houses located in the Strawberry Mansion neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Houses at 1907-1951 N. 32nd St.	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colter Bay Village is a developed area of Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming, USA.	Colter Bay Village	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llansanffraid Glyndyfrdwy is a former civil parish in the Edeirnion area of Denbighshire in Wales.	Llansanffraid Glyndyfrdwy	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaljuy (Persian: خلجوي‎, also Romanized as Khaljūy) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khaljuy	Kaftarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yüreğir is a district and a municipality in the Adana Province of Turkey.	Yüreğir	Adana Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarıkamış is a town and a district of Kars Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey and has very long winters.	Sarıkamış	Kars
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dołęgi (dɔˈwɛnɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dołęgi	Gmina Szczuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poke-O-Moonshine Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire lookout tower on Poke-O-Moonshine Mountain at Chesterfield in Essex County, New York.	Poke-O-Moonshine Mountain Fire Observation Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port St Mary (Manx: Purt le Moirrey) is a village district located in the south of the Isle of Man.	Port St Mary	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 23rd Regiment Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at 1322 Bedford Avenue between Atlantic Avenue and Pacific Street in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.	23rd Regiment Armory	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregational Church Of Austinburg (also known as The First United Church of Christ, Austinburg) is a historic congregational church on OH 307 in Austinburg, Ohio.	Congregational Church Of Austinburg	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Khaleh Kuh (Persian: دخاله كوه‎, also Romanized as Do Khāleh Kūh) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Do Khaleh Kuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Donald was a local government area about 140 kilometres (87 mi) west-northwest of Bendigo, in western Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Donald	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bob's Big Boy is a restaurant chain that Bob Wian founded in Southern California in 1936, originally named Bob's Pantry.	Bob's Big Boy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baurci (Gagauz: Baurçu; Russian: Баурчи / Baurci) is a commune and village in Moldova, located in the autonomous territorial unit Gagauzia, 12 km (7.5 mi) west of the city of Ceadâr-Lunga.	Baurci	Gagauzia
located in the administrative territorial entity	B. B. Martin Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, USA .	B. B. Martin Tobacco Warehouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centre Presbyterian Church, Session House and Cemeteries is a historic Presbyterian church, session house, and cemetery located near Mount Mourne, Iredell County, North Carolina (Mooresville, North Carolina).	Centre Presbyterian Church, Session House and Cemeteries	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greyledge is a historic home and national historic district located near Buchanan, Botetourt County, Virginia.	Greyledge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairbanks International Airport (IATA: FAI, ICAO: PAFA, FAA LID: FAI) is a state-owned public-use airport located three miles (5 km) southwest of the central business district of Fairbanks, a city in the Fairbanks North Star Borough of the United States.	Fairbanks International Airport	Fairbanks North Star Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keystone Generating Station is a 1,711 MW baseload coal-fired power plant located on roughly 1,500 acres (610 ha) in Plumcreek Township, southeastern Armstrong County, Pennsylvania near Crooked Creek, just west of Shelocta, Pennsylvania.	Keystone Generating Station	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Taqi (Persian: امامزاده تقي‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Taqī and Emāmzādehtaqī) is a village in Gasht Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Taqi	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tijuana River (Spanish: Río Tijuana) is an intermittent river, 120 mi (195 km) long, near the Pacific coast of northern Baja California state in northwestern Mexico and Southern California in the western United States.	Tijuana River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cava del Rivettazzo (Italian: ``Quarry of Rivettazzo'') is a Sicel necropolis located about 4 km north of Solarino on the SP 28 to Sortino.	Cava del Rivettazzo	Solarino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pere Marquette Beach in Muskegon, Michigan is a 27.5-acre (11.1 ha) park comprising 2.5 miles (4.0 km) of public beach on Lake Michigan.	Pere Marquette Beach	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Stories - The National Centre for Children's Books in the United Kingdom is based in the Ouseburn Valley, Newcastle upon Tyne, close to the city's newly regenerated quayside.	Seven Stories	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inussulik Bay (Greenlandic: Inussullip Imaa, old spelling: Inugsugdlip Imâ) is a bay in the Upernavik Archipelago in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Inussulik Bay	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museo Storico Alfa Romeo (Alfa Romeo Historical Museum; subsequently called Museo Alfa Romeo - La macchina del tempo, literally Alfa Romeo Museum - The time machine) is Alfa Romeo's official museum, located in Arese (Milan), and displaying a permanent collection of Alfa Romeo cars and engines.	Alfa Romeo Museum	Arese
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łąki Bratiańskie (ˈwɔnki braˈtjaɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łąki Bratiańskie	Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New World Centre (Chinese: 新世界中心) was a shopping centre, apartment complex and office building on Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	New World Centre	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phillips University was a private, coeducational institution of higher education located in Enid, Oklahoma, United States, from 1906 to 1998.	Phillips University	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liederbach am Taunus is a town in Hesse, Germany with 8500 inhabitants.	Liederbach am Taunus	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komdarreh (Persian: كمدره‎) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Komdarreh	Dasht-e Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emily Carr Secondary School is a high school in Woodbridge, Ontario, Canada, part of the city of Vaughan.	Emily Carr Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Meadow Grove, also known by some as Redwood Meadow Grove, is a giant sequoia grove in California which offers a half mile interpretive trail, Trail of 100 Giants, through majestic mature sequoias.	Long Meadow Grove	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Rise Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park, located six miles north of High Springs, off U.S. Route 441 within O'Leno State Park.	River Rise Preserve State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Killingly High School is a historic school building on 185 Broad Street in the Danielson section of Killingly, Connecticut.	Old Killingly High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nofut (Persian: نفوت‎, also Romanized as Nofūt and Nafūt; also known as Neqūt and Nufut) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nofut	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwai Tsing Theatre (Chinese: 葵青劇院) is a major performance venue in Kwai Tsing District, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Kwai Tsing Theatre	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sturgeon Bay Post Office, located at 359 Louisiana Ave., is the main post office in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, United States.	Sturgeon Bay Post Office	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bescot is an area of Walsall in the West Midlands of England.	Bescot	Walsall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azghan Rural District (Persian: دهستان آذغان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Azghan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabud Kalayeh (Persian: كبودكلايه‎, also Romanized as Kabūd Kalāyeh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kabud Kalayeh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uivar (German: Neuburg an der Bega; Hungarian: Újvár) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Uivar	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberharz am Brocken is a town in the Harz District, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Oberharz am Brocken	Harz
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1987 the TAB purchased 6PR to secure the future of race broadcasts in Western Australia and races were broadcast across the station during popular talkback programs.	6PR	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunbury Industrial School located on Jackson's Hill in Sunbury, Victoria, Australia, was a school developed to educate and house destitute children from 1864 until 1879.	Sunbury Industrial School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohawk Airlines Flight 411, a Fairchild FH-227B twin-engine turboprop, registered N7811M, was a scheduled domestic passenger service operated by Mohawk Airlines, between Albany and Glens Falls, New York.	Mohawk Airlines Flight 411	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk-e Aqa Jan (Persian: كوشك اقاجان‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Āqā Jān and Keveshk-e Āqā Jān) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Aqa Jan	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koh Kong District (Khmer: ស្រុកកោះកុង) is a district (srok) of Koh Kong Province, in south-western Cambodia.	Koh Kong District	Koh Kong Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiongzhu Temple, or Bamboo Temple (Chinese: 筇竹寺; pinyin: Qióngzhú Sì), is a Buddhist temple situated on Yu'an Mountain (Chinese: 玉案山; pinyin: Yùàn Shān) to the northwest of Kunming, Yunnan, China.	Qiongzhu Temple	Kunming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Copper Country is an area in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States, including all of Keweenaw County, Michigan and most of Houghton, Baraga and Ontonagon counties.	Copper Country	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Low Worsall is a small village and civil parish in Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England, near High Worsall and 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Yarm.	Low Worsall	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Traquair House, approximately 7 miles southeast of Peebles, is claimed to be the oldest continually inhabited house in Scotland.	Traquair House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHLG-FM (104.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and serving the Metro Vancouver area and its studios are located in Richmond, with its transmitter located at Mount Seymour.	CHLG-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Kowloon Terminus (WKT) is the terminus of the Hong Kong Section of Guangzhou--	West Kowloon Terminus	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	NorthStar Center was a young adult therapeutic transition and relapse prevention program, located in Bend, Oregon, owned and operated by Aspen Education Group for young adults ages 171⁄2 to 24 for treatment of substance abuse and addiction.	NorthStar Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henbury Village Hall was built as a school in the Henbury area of Bristol, England.	Henbury Village Hall	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enebyberg is a suburban area of Stockholm, Sweden, part of Danderyd Municipality, Stockholm County.	Enebyberg	Danderyd Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarajuq (Persian: ساراجوق‎, also Romanized as Sārājūq) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sarajuq	Torkaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rev. Joshua Vaughan House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Rev. Joshua Vaughan House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The town is located several kilometres to the southeast of the small settlement of Cikelet, although it is Cikelet which is the administrative centre of the Cikelet Subdistrict of the Garut Regency which Pameungpeuk is administered by.	Pameungpeuk	Garut Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milton R. Young Power Plant is a coal-fired power plant located in Oliver County, near Center, North Dakota.	Milton R. Young Power Plant	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Księży Lasek (ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɨ ˈlasɛk) (German: Fürstenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Księży Lasek	Gmina Rozogi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinkie House is a historic house, built around a three-storey tower house located in Musselburgh, East Lothian, Scotland.	Pinkie House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Jeżewska (ˈvulka jɛˈʐɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Jeżewska	Gmina Tarczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Hawk State Historic Site, in Rock Island, Illinois, occupies much of the historic site of the village of Saukenuk, the home of a band of Native Americans of the Sauk nation.	Black Hawk State Historic Site	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rivercrest is a neighborhood in the northern area of Tampa, Florida, which represents District 6 of the Tampa City Council.	Rivercrest	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cogliate (Milanese dialect: San Dalmazi) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located 29 kilometres (18 mi) northwest of Milan.	Cogliate	Province of Monza and Brianza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salaq Yelqi (Persian: سلاق يلقي‎, also Romanized as Salāq Yelqī and Salāq Yolqī; also known as Yelqī) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Salaq Yelqi	Gorganbuy Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shumia (Persian: شوميا‎, also Romanized as Shūmīā, Shoomiya, and Shūmīyā; also known as Shūmā) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shumia	Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Everett Mountains are a mountain range located at Frobisher Bay on southern Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Everett Mountains	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurab Javar (Persian: گوراب جوار‎, also Romanized as Gūrāb Javār) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gurab Javar	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delah Khani (Persian: دله خاني‎, also Romanized as Delah Khānī and Daleh Khānī) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Delah Khani	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wydrowice (vɨdrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wydrowice	Opole County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gur-e Barj Ali (Persian: گوربرجعلي‎, also Romanized as Gūr-e Barj ``Alī) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Gur-e Barj Ali	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williams Grove Speedway is a half-mile automobile dirt racing track located in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania, USA.	Williams Grove Speedway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarabendrarajanpattinam also called Mallipattinam is a coastal village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Sarabendrarajanpattinam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tristan Island or the Île Tristan is located at the mouth of the Pouldavid Estuary off the French port of Douarnenez in south-western Brittany.	Tristan Island	Douarnenez
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarniecka Góra (t͡ʂarˈɲet͡ska ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Czarniecka Góra	Gmina Stąporków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coastal Transitional Center is a minimum security prison located in Savannah, Georgia in Chatham County, Georgia.	Coastal Transitional Center	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canadian Museum of Rail Travel, or its brand name ``Trains Deluxe'', is located in Cranbrook, British Columbia, Canada, a city of about 25,000 on the west side of the Rocky Mountains.	Canadian Museum of Rail Travel	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umpqua National Forest, in southern Oregon's Cascade Range, covers an area of 983,129 acres (3,978.58 km2) in Douglas, Lane, and Jackson counties, and borders Crater Lake National Park.	Umpqua National Forest	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eagles Nest Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in the Gore Range near Vail, Copper Mountain, Frisco, Silverthorne, and Heeney, in Summit and Eagle Counties Colorado.	Eagles Nest Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Central Plaza (Chinese: 新城市中央廣場) is a commercial development located near the town centre of Sha Tin, Hong Kong.	Grand Central Plaza	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zane Grey Museum in Lackawaxen Township, Pennsylvania, United States, is a former residence of the author Zane Grey and is now maintained as a museum and operated by the National Park Service (NPS).	Zane Grey Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	LaRoe Family Homestead Historic District is a historic district in Eustis, Florida, near the corner of West County Road 44 and East Orange Avenue.	LaRoe Family Homestead Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strączno (ˈstrɔnt͡ʂnɔ) (German: Stranz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Strączno	Gmina Wałcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zulia Canton was a canton in Maracaibo Province, Zulia Department, Gran Colombia.	Zulia Canton	Maracaibo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	the governing board of Emmet County voted to purchase the McGulpin Point Lighthouse and 11.5 acres (4.7 ha) of surrounding lakefront property, including 336 feet (102 m) of Lake Michigan footage, and some adjacent property for visitor parking, for $720,000.	McGulpin Point Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleszczyniec (klɛʂˈt͡ʂɨɲɛt͡s) (German Kleschinz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kleszczyniec	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omm ol Helianeh (Persian: ام الحليانه‎, also Romanized as Omm ol Helīāneh; also known as Om Helyāneh, Om Helyāneh-ye Now, Omm-e Halyāneh, and Ommoḩleyāneh) is a village in Veys Rural District, Veys District, Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Omm ol Helianeh	Veys Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Library Company is a historic library building located at Hatboro, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Union Library Company	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Malek (Persian: باغ‌ملک‎; also Romanized as Bāgh-e Malek, Bagh-i-Malik, and Bagh Malek) is a city in and the capital of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Malek	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philips-Thompson Buildings was a set of two historic commercial buildings located at Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.	Philips-Thompson Buildings	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dormitz is a Bavarian municipality in the district of Forchheim (Upper Franconia), and the administrative headquarters of the Dormitz community, which includes the parishes of Kleinsendelbach and Hetzles.	Dormitz	Forchheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cashman Field is a stadium in Las Vegas, Nevada owned and operated by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority.	Cashman Field	Las Vegas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Bluff Municipal Airport (IATA: RBL, ICAO: KRBL, FAA LID: RBL) is two miles south of Red Bluff in Tehama County, California.	Red Bluff Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David Van Gelder Octagon House, also known as Springside is located at 21 Walnut Street in Catskill, New York.	David Van Gelder Octagon House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spitz Stadium is a stadium in the Henderson Park of Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.	Spitz Stadium	Lethbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto Torres (Sassarese: Posthudorra, Sardinian: Pòrtu Turre) is a comune and city in northern Sardinia, in the Province of Sassari.	Porto Torres	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florynki (flɔˈrɨnki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Florynki	Gmina Krobia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDXN is a radio station based in Dickinson, North Dakota (licensed to South Heart, North Dakota), and is owned by Totally Amped, LLC. The station is broadcasts a broad-based Adult Contemporary format.	KDXN	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirtlington is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire about 6 1⁄2 miles (10.5 km) west of Bicester.	Kirtlington	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golpayegan County (Persian: شهرستان گلپایگان‎) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.	Golpayegan County	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikitamäe Parish (Estonian: Mikitamäe vald) is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Põlva County.	Mikitamäe Parish	Põlva County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magnificat High School is a Catholic all-girls college preparatory high school located in Rocky River, Ohio, a residential suburb west of Cleveland, Ohio.	Magnificat High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasrawad is a town and nagar panchayat in Khargone district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Kasrawad	Khargone district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cujmir is a commune in Mehedinți County, Romania, with 3,834 inhabitants as of 2002.	Cujmir	Mehedinți County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parkman Tavern is an historic tavern (now a private residence) at 20 Powder Mill Road in Concord, Massachusetts.	Parkman Tavern	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosi Bay is a series of four interlinked lakes in the Maputaland area of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Kosi Bay	KwaZulu-Natal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legion Stadium is a 6,000 seat stadium located in Wilmington, North Carolina.	Legion Stadium	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghabad (Persian: باغ اباد‎, also Romanized as Bāghābād) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Baghabad	Baqerabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	All the seven assembly segments of No. 40 Asansol (Lok Sabha constituency) are in Bardhaman district.	Asansol (Lok Sabha constituency)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Healdsburg Municipal Airport (FAA LID: KHES) is a public airport located three miles (4.8 km) northwest of Healdsburg, serving Sonoma County, California, USA.	Healdsburg Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portales Municipal Airport (ICAO: KPRZ, FAA LID: PRZ) is a city-owned, public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of the central business district of Portales, a city in Roosevelt County, New Mexico, United States.	Portales Municipal Airport	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand River National Grassland is a National Grassland in northwestern South Dakota, USA.	Grand River National Grassland	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patagones Partido is the southernmost partido of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.	Patagones Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jordan School District was the largest of Utah school districts (before splitting in 2009), It now employs 2,631 teachers and other licensed personnel who educate more than 48,000 students.	Jordan School District	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gourangkocha is a town in the Ichagarh block of Seraikela Kharsawan district of Jharkhand.	Gourangkocha	Jharkhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taqrachullu, Pukara Taqrachullu, T'akrachullu, Pukara T'akrachullu (Quechua t'akra uncultivated land, an infertile or rocky piece of land, chullu spur of land which ends in the confluence of two rivers / something soaked) or María Fortaleza is an archaeological site in Peru.	Taqrachullu	Peru
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crockett County Courthouse is a historic courthouse built in 1902 at 907 Ave D, Ozona, Texas, United States.	Crockett County Courthouse	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmendorf Air Force Base (IATA: EDF, ICAO: PAED, FAA LID: EDF) is a United States military facility in Anchorage, the largest city in Alaska.	Elmendorf Air Force Base	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walnut Hall was a row of four Georgian-style terraced homes in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Walnut Hall	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verrado High School is a high school in the Verrado community of Buckeye, Arizona, United States under the jurisdiction of the Agua Fria Union High School District.	Verrado High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Chapman Valley is a local government area located in the Mid West region of Western Australia, immediately northeast of the city of Geraldton and about 440 kilometres (273 mi) north of Perth, the state capital.	Shire of Chapman Valley	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Gródecka (ˈvɔla ɡruˈdɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Gródecka	Gmina Jarczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borogovo (Cyrillic: Борогово) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Borogovo	Kalesija
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surhuizum (West Frisian: Surhuzum) is a village in Achtkarspelen in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Surhuizum	Achtkarspelen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itá Enramada is the southernmost neighbourhood (barrio) of Asunción, Paraguay.	Itá Enramada	Asunción
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alefabad (Persian: الف اباد‎, also Romanized as Alefābād) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District, Siah Rud District, Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alefabad	Nowjeh Mehr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forster Hotel, built in 1870 and expanded in 1913, is a property on the National Register of Historic Places in Mendon, Utah.	Forster Hotel	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Mokrzeska (ˈvɔla mɔˈkʂɛska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyrów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Mokrzeska	Gmina Przyrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doubleday Field is a baseball stadium in Cooperstown, New York named for Abner Doubleday and located two village blocks from the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.	Doubleday Field	Cooperstown, New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarkson Secondary School is a high school located in the Clarkson community of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada; designated Ward 18 by the Peel District School Board.	Clarkson Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKBC-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Bathurst, New Brunswick at 104.9 MHz with an effective radiated power of 33,500 watts.	CKBC-FM	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mary Aldermary is an Anglican church in Bow Lane in the City of London.	St Mary Aldermary	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palotina is a municipality in western Paraná state, located around 60 kilometers from the border with Paraguay.	Palotina	Paraná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavani Ab Bahar (Persian: چاونی آب‌بهار‎, also Romanized as Chāvanī Āb Bāhār; also known as Chāvanī Bāhār Āb) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chavani Ab Bahar	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-e Milas (Persian: دهنوميلاس‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Mīlās and Deh Now-ye Mīlās) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Milas	Milas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad-e Do (Persian: اسلام اباددو‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Do; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Do	Kut-e Abdollah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelurahan Sampangan is a village in the Gajahmungkur district within the municipality of Kota Semarang in Central Java, Indonesia.	Sampangan	Gajahmungkur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błudowo (bwuˈdɔvɔ) (German Bludau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Błudowo	Gmina Młynary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guangdong Olympic Tennis Centre (Chinese: 广州亚运会网球馆中心; now known as the Aoti Tennis Centre due to naming rights) is a tennis centre located in Guangzhou, China.	Guangdong Olympic Tennis Centre	Guangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łosiewice (wɔɕɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łosiewice	Gmina Łochów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Meadows Reservoir is an artificial lake, located in Lassen County, California.	Mountain Meadows Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastham Public Library is the public library of Eastham, Massachusetts that has been serving the community for over 130 years.	Eastham Public Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. Sterling Morton High School East Auditorium, also known as Chodl Auditorium, is a Beaux-Arts building in Cicero, Illinois that was built in 1925.	J. Sterling Morton High School East	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palang Kuh (Persian: پلنگ كوه‎‎, also Romanized as Palang Kūh) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Palang Kuh	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cuyahoga County Juvenile Detention Center (CCJDC) is a youth detention center located in Cleveland, Ohio.	Cuyahoga County Juvenile Detention Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Horeb Earthworks Complex is an Adena culture group of earthworks in Fayette County, Kentucky.	Mount Horeb Earthworks Complex	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Litwa (ˈstara ˈlitfa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stara Litwa	Gmina Kulesze Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forks High School (also FHS) is a comprehensive Washington public high school on South Spartan Avenue in the city of Forks, Washington, serving grades 9-12 in the Quillayute Valley School District.	Forks High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhanglu (Chinese: 张鲁镇) is a town in Shen County, Liaocheng, in western Shandong province, China.	Zhanglu	Shen County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to Horseshoe Bend, Arkansas, USA, the station is currently owned by WRD Entertainment, Inc. KKIK's sister station is KAAB in Batesville, Arkansas.	KKIK	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pothavaram is a village in Nallajerla Mandal, West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh State, India.Tadepalligudem is around 30 km from here	Pothavaram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubanowo (lubaˈnɔvɔ) (formerly German Gut Liebenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Lubanowo	Gmina Banie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospect Hill Missionary Baptist Church (Prospect Hill Baptist Church) is a historic Baptist church building at 1601 Buena Vista in San Antonio, Texas.	Prospect Hill Missionary Baptist Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faqestan (Persian: فقستان‎, also Romanized as Faqestān and Fāqestān) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Faqestan	Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inner London is the name for the group of London boroughs which form the interior part of Greater London and are surrounded by Outer London.	Inner London	Greater London
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPAT is a commercial radio station broadcasting to the Santa Maria, California, area on 95.7 FM.	KPAT	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Muir Trail (JMT) is a long-distance trail in the Sierra Nevada mountain range of California, passing through Yosemite, Kings Canyon and Sequoia National Parks.	John Muir Trail	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giants Stadium was a stadium located in East Rutherford, New Jersey, in the Meadowlands Sports Complex.	Giants Stadium	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCIR-FM (103.7 FM) is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Beckley, West Virginia, USA, serving Southern West Virginia.	WCIR-FM	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kennebago Divide is a mountain located in Maine's Franklin and Oxford counties.	Kennebago Divide	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton Christian Schools (HCS) is a Preschool-12 Christian school located in Hampton, Virginia, United States.	Hampton Christian Schools	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salim Sara (Persian: سليم سرا‎, also Romanized as Salīm Sarā) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Salim Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swanbourne Hospital is a heritage listed former mental hospital located in Mount Claremont, Western Australia.	Swanbourne Hospital	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Barnabas Church, also known as St. Barnabas' Episcopal Church, Leeland, was built in Leeland, Maryland and was established in 1704 as the parish church of Queen Anne Parish which had been established that same year.	St. Barnabas' Episcopal Church, Leeland	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mava (Persian: ماوا‎, also Romanized as Ma’vā) is a village in Golmakan Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mava	Golmakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The T. A. Hasler House is a Classical Revival style house located in Bastrop, Texas.	T. A. Hasler House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serniawy (sɛrˈɲavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Serniawy	Gmina Sawin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelvington Airport, (TC LID: CKV2), is located 1.2 nautical miles (2.2 km; 1.4 mi) south of Kelvington, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Kelvington Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaślany (jaˈɕlanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Jaślany	Gmina Tuszów Narodowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGFF (1450 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Shawnee, Oklahoma, and is owned by the Citizen Potawatomi Nation.	KGFF	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shardlow is a village in Derbyshire, England about 6 miles (9.7 km) southeast of Derby and 11 miles (18 km) southwest of Nottingham.	Shardlow	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santău (Hungarian: Tasnádszántó (ˈtɒʃnaːtsaːntoː)) is a commune in Satu Mare County, north-western Romania.	Santău	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leśniów Wielki (ˈlɛɕɲuf ˈvjɛlki) (formerly German Lessen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwieńsk, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Leśniów Wielki	Gmina Czerwieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohanur is a Town panchayat in the Namakkal district of the Indian state Tamil Nadu.	Mohanur	Namakkal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Island is a small island in the Connecticut River, near Barton Cove, in Gill, Massachusetts, USA.	Barton Island	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irondequoit Creek is a stream in eastern Monroe County, New York that feeds Irondequoit Bay.	Irondequoit Creek	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamasab (Persian: جاماسب‎, also Romanized as Jāmāsab) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Jamasab	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alustan (Persian: الوستان‎, also Romanized as Ālūstān and Alūstān) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Alustan	Katul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cookhill is a village and civil parish in Worcestershire, England, on the county border near Alcester.	Cookhill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Högestad Castle (Swedish: Högestads slott) is a castle in Ystad Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Högestad Castle	Ystad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Journal Record Building, also known as the Law Journal Record Building and the India Temple Shrine Building, is a Classical Revival style building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	Journal Record Building	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavil Deraz (Persian: طويل دراز‎, also Romanized as Ţavīl Derāz; also known as Tavez Darāz and Tūz Devāz) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tavil Deraz	Cheghapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalandar District (Pashto: قلندر ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی قلندر‎) is situated in the western part of Khost Province, Afghanistan.	Qalandar District	Khost
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torcegno (German: Türtchein) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Trento.	Torcegno	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aq Zabir (Persian: اقزبير‎, also Romanized as Āq Zabīr and Eqzebīr; also known as Āq Zīr) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aq Zabir	Gorganbuy Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mali Orehek (pronounced (ˈmaːli ɔˈɾeːxək)) is a settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Mali Orehek	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalasheh (Persian: كلاشه‎, also Romanized as Kalāsheh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kalasheh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grodno Drugie (ˈɡrɔdnɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Grodno Drugie	Gmina Nowe Ostrowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pławinek (pwaˈvinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Pławinek	Gmina Inowrocław
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bradford County Jail served as the jail in Bradford County, Pennsylvania from 1873-1991.	Bradford County Jail	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benavileh-ye Kuchak (Persian: بناويله كوچك‎, also Romanized as Benāvīleh-ye Kūchak) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Benavileh-ye Kuchak	Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hills, Dales and The Vinyard is a historic home located at Keedysville, Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Hills, Dales and The Vinyard	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westminster Hall and Burying Ground is a graveyard and former church located at 519 West Fayette Street (at North Greene Street) in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Westminster Hall and Burying Ground	Baltimore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clitterhouse Recreation Ground or Clitterhouse Playing Fields is a park and Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Brent Cross in the London Borough of Barnet.	Clitterhouse Recreation Ground	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arch of Titus (Italian: Arco di Tito; Latin: Arcus Titi) is a 1st-century A.D. honorific arch, located on the Via Sacra, Rome, just to the south-east of the Roman Forum.	Arch of Titus	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahaq (Persian: رحق‎, also Romanized as Raḩaq) is a village in Kuh Dasht Rural District, Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Rahaq	Kuh Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liguria (Italian pronunciation: (liˈɡuːrja), Ligurian: Ligûria; English: Ligury /ˈlɪɡjᵿri/ LIG-ew-ree or LIG-yə-ree) is a coastal region of north-western Italy, with capital Genoa.	Liguria	Italy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owasso High School is a secondary school located within Tulsa County in Owasso, Oklahoma.	Owasso High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nafisabad (Persian: نفيس اباد‎, also Romanized as Nafīsābād) is a village in Rabatat Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Nafisabad	Rabatat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowjeh Gol (Persian: گوجه گل‎) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Gowjeh Gol	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ittiri (Sardinian: Itiri Cannedu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Sassari.	Ittiri	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nybergsund is a village in the municipality of Trysil in Hedmark, Norway with a population of 363.	Nybergsund	Trysil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płosodrza (pwɔˈsɔdʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Płosodrza	Gmina Mordy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łowcza (ˈwɔft͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łowcza	Gmina Sawin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al Ghuwariyah (الغويرية) is a city located in Al Khor Municipality in the state Qatar.	Al Ghuwariyah	Qatar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Day Estate Historic District encompasses part of a subdivided estate at the corner of Commonwealth Avenue and Dartmouth Street in Newton, Massachusetts.	Day Estate Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vali Beyglu (Persian: ولي بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Valī Beyglū; also known as Valī Beyklū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Vali Beyglu	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Juan Creek, also called the San Juan River, is a 29-mile (47 km) stream in Orange County, California that consists of a catchment basin encompassing 133.9 square miles (347 km2).	San Juan Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Franja (Catalan pronunciation: (lə ˈfɾaɲʒə), Western Catalan: (la ˈfɾaɲdʒa), locally: (la ˈfɾaɲtʃa); ``The Strip'') is the area of Catalan-speaking territories of Aragon bordering Catalonia, in Spain.	La Franja	Aragon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penboyr is a hamlet in the county of Carmarthenshire, Wales consisting of a number of houses, smallholdings, farms and a church.	Penboyr	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayfield Cottage is a historic plantation home located near the grounds of Central State Hospital near Petersburg, Dinwiddie County, Virginia.	Mayfield Cottage	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chongyi County (Chinese: 崇义县) is a county under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou Municipality, in Jiangxi province.	Chongyi County	Ganzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tileh Bon (Persian: تيله بن‎, also Romanized as Tīleh Bon) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tileh Bon	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kettle Moraine Scenic Drive is a designated scenic route in southeastern Wisconsin that links the two units of the Kettle Moraine State Forest.	Kettle Moraine Scenic Drive	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cribyn is a small village in Ceredigion, Wales, about 7 miles (11 km) north of Lampeter and with the villages of Troed y Rhiw, Mydroilyn and Dihewyd to the north.	Cribyn	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Ilhan Memorial Reserve, currently known as ABD Stadium for sponsorship reasons, and often referred to as Broadmeadows Valley Park, is an Australian soccer ground in Broadmeadows, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.	John Ilhan Memorial Reserve	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eugene Station is the primary bus station and terminus in Eugene, Oregon, United States, serving the buses of the Lane Transit District (LTD).	Eugene Station	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vosi (Persian: وسي‎, also Romanized as Vosī; also known as Vosī-ye Chūbar) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vosi	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajura is a city and a municipal council in the Chandrapur district of the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Rajura	Chandrapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKNG-FM (97.3 FM) in Oklahoma City is a radio station broadcasting a Catholic religious format.	KKNG-FM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narghota is a small village under Kajlot panchayat situated 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) southwest of Dharamshala in Himachal Pradesh, India.	Narghota	Himachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Makkah Region or Mecca Region (Arabic: مكة المكرمة‎ Makkah l-Mukarramah ) is the most populous region (mintaqah) in Saudi Arabia.	Makkah Region	Saudi Arabia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUAR is a National Public Radio affiliate in Little Rock, Arkansas.	KUAR	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vashi is a node in Navi Mumbai, across the Thane Creek of the Arabian Sea.	Vashi	Mumbai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linhares is the name of a municipality in the state of Espírito Santo, Brazil, 135 km north of the state capital, Vitória.	Linhares	Espírito Santo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulloxhill is a small village and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England 342 ft above sea level with a population of 850 at the 2001 Census.	Pulloxhill	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cross Lines Tower is a 15-story 175 foot high building that from 1951 to 1969 was the tallest building in Kansas City, Kansas.	Cross Lines Tower	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabethtown, California was a California Gold Rush town that began in 1852 in Plumas County, California.	Elizabethtown, California	Plumas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rossend Castle is a historic building in Burntisland, a town on the south coast of Fife, Scotland.	Rossend Castle	Fife	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ngarnang (Chinese: 阿朗; Pinyin: Ālǎng) is a village and township-level division of Lhünzhub County, in the Lhasa Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Ngarnang	Lhünzhub County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vélez-Málaga is a municipality and the capital of the Axarquía comarca in the province of Málaga, in the Spanish autonomous community of Andalusia.	Vélez-Málaga	Axarquía
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owleh Kari-ye Tula Rud (Persian: اوله كري طولارود‎, also Romanized as Owleh Karī-ye Ţūlā Rūd) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Owleh Kari-ye Tula Rud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Town of Tonawanda Veterans Memorial is a public memorial in the Town of Tonawanda, New York.	Town of Tonawanda Veterans Memorial	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Overloon is a village with 3,626 inhabitants on the outskirts of Peel, in the municipality of Boxmeer, Noord-Brabant.	Overloon	Boxmeer
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Hatch is a hamlet and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 5 miles (8.0 km) south east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	West Hatch	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Université de Sherbrooke is a large university in Quebec, Canada with campuses located in Sherbrooke and Longueuil, a suburb of Montreal approximately 130 km (81 mi) west of Sherbrooke.	Université de Sherbrooke	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 619 is a California telephone area code that was split from area code 714 on November 5, 1982.	Area code 619	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruzayevsky District (Russian: Руза́евский райо́н; Moksha: Орозаень район; Erzya: Рузайбуе) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-two in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Ruzayevsky District	Republic of Mordovia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korytków Mały (kɔˈrɨtkuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Korytków Mały	Gmina Frampol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baoying County (simplified Chinese: 宝应县; traditional Chinese: 寶應縣; pinyin: Bǎoyīng Xiàn) is under the administration of Yangzhou, Jiangsu province, China.	Baoying County	Yangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xuefang (Chinese: 穴坊镇) is a town in Laiyang, Yantai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Xuefang	Laiyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridge Community High School or RCHS is a public high school located on the Davenport, Florida and Haines City, Florida Line.	Ridge Community High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Mahalleh-ye Nalkiashar (Persian: پائين محله نالكياشر‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Nālkīāshar) is a village in Divshal Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Mahalleh-ye Nalkiashar	Divshal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonb-e Jaki (Persian: تنب جكي‎, also Romanized as Tonb-e Jakī; also known as Tonb-e Chīgī) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tonb-e Jaki	Dezhgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farringdon Within is one of the 25 wards of the City of London, the historic and financial centre of London.	Farringdon Within	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skinner Memorial Chapel is a chapel and historic building on the campus of Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota, United States.	Skinner Memorial Chapel	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siarak (Persian: سيارك‎, also Romanized as Sīārak) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Siarak	Beradust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District (Persian: دهستان قشلاق شرقي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District	Qeshlaq Dasht District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad Molla Alireza (Persian: علي ابادملاعليرضا‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād Mollā ``Alīreẕā) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 255, in 61 families.	Aliabad Molla Alireza	Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Sindar (Persian: شهرك سيندر‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sīndar; also known as Sīnīdar, Sīnandar, Sīndar, and Sinīdar) is a village in Afin Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Sindar	Afin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Condofuri (Greek: Kontofyria) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 38 kilometres (24 mi) southeast of Reggio Calabria.	Condofuri	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Ford was a prisoner of war camp near Tyler, Texas, during the American Civil War.	Camp Ford	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalijan-e Torkiyeh (Persian: داليجان تركيه‎, also Romanized as Dālījān-e Torkīyeh; also known as Dālenjān-e Torkīyeh) is a village in Faruj Rural District, in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dalijan-e Torkiyeh	Faruj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDSO (88.3 FM, ``The Rock'') is a radio station located at Chesterton High School, in Chesterton, Indiana.	WDSO	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laganadi (Greek: Lachanades) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Laganadi	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London District Catholic School Board (LDCSB, known as English-language Separate District School Board No. 38 prior to 1999) is a separate school board offering Catholic education in south-western Ontario, Canada.	London District Catholic School Board	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohseniyeh (Persian: محسنيه‎, also Romanized as Moḩsenīyeh) is a village in Asiab Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mohseniyeh	Asiab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golden Glades Interchange, located in Miami Gardens and North Miami Beach, Florida, United States, is the confluence of five major roads serving eastern and southern Florida.	Golden Glades Interchange	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Spain was a Spanish-American neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan during the 20th century.	Little Spain	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Koffler Student Centre is the main student centre at the University of Toronto, located at 214 College Street.	Koffler Student Centre	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herval is a Brazilian municipality in the southern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Herval	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murgah Kakan (Persian: مورگاه كاكان‎, also Romanized as Mūrgāh Kākān; also known as Mūrgā) is a village in Kakan Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Murgah Kakan	Kakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siegel High School is a public high school in the Rutherford County School System in Tennessee.	Siegel High School	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frederick Stearns Building is a manufacturing plant located at 6533 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan.	Frederick Stearns Building	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckabank is a small village in the English county of Cumbria.	Buckabank	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toronto Aerodrome, also known as Canadian Air Express Airport was an aerodrome located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexander Archipelago is a 300 miles (500 km) long archipelago, or group of islands, of North America off the southeastern coast of Alaska.	Alexander Archipelago	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bettisfield (Welsh: Llys Bedydd) is a small village of about 150 dwellings in Wrexham County Borough, Wales and stands on the Wales-England border.	Bettisfield	Wrexham County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velayat Rud (Persian: ولايترود‎, also Romanized as Velāyat Rūd; also known as Valātrūd) is a village in Nesa Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Velayat Rud	Nesa Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh Khaneh-ye Shorket Nafat (Persian: تلمبه خانه شركت نفت‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh Khāneh-ye Shorket Nafat) is a village in Palangabad Rural District, Palangabad District, Eshtehard County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Tolombeh Khaneh-ye Shorket Nafat	Palangabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stephen Fowler Hale House, also known as the Hale-Jarvis-Trotter House, is a historic structure in Eutaw, Alabama.	Stephen Fowler Hale House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jocotenango (alternate: Xocotenango; translation from Kaqchikel: ``place of many plums'') is a small municipality in the northeast section of Guatemalan department of Sacatepéquez, and is situated north of Antigua Guatemala.	Jocotenango	Sacatepéquez
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedars North Airpark (FAA LID: W58) is a privately owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Battle Ground, a city in Clark County, Washington, United States.	Cedars North Airpark	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaveh Ahangar Rural District (Persian: دهستان كاوه آهنگر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kaveh Ahangar Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morrison's Academy is a co-educational day independent school in Crieff, Perth and Kinross in Central Scotland.	Morrison's Academy	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burn of Elsick is a coastal stream in Aberdeenshire, Scotland that discharges to the North Sea.	Burn of Elsick	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orators Mound is a Native American mound in the western part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Orators Mound	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCAR is a 24-hour sports radio station based out of Livonia, Michigan.	WCAR	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kombardeh (Persian: كمبرده‎, also Romanized as Kombordeh; also known as Kombārd) is a village in Jayezan Rural District, Jayezan District, Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kombardeh	Jayezan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Innvik is located in the present-day Stryn Municipality, encompassing about the western third of the present municipality.	Innvik	Stryn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katenluy-e Sofla (Persian: كتن لوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Katenlūy-e Soflá; also known as Katenlūy-e Pā'īn) is a village in Dizaj Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Katenluy-e Sofla	Dizaj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tar Creek Superfund site is a United States Superfund site located in the cities of Picher and Cardin, Oklahoma.	Tar Creek Superfund site	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Svalbard Global Seed Vault (Norwegian: Svalbard globale frøhvelv) is a secure seed bank on the Norwegian island of Spitsbergen near Longyearbyen in the remote Arctic Svalbard archipelago, about 1,300 kilometres (810 mi) from the North Pole.	Svalbard Global Seed Vault	Longyearbyen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Compton Martin is a small village and civil parish within the Chew Valley in Somerset and in the Bath and North East Somerset unitary authority in England.	Compton Martin	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandil Besar (Persian: منديل بسر‎, also Romanized as Mandīl Besar) is a village in Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mandil Besar	Sara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar-e Zardalu (Persian: درزردالو‎, also Romanized as Dar-e Zardālū) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District, Toghrol Al Jerd District, Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar-e Zardalu	Toghrol Al Jerd District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balaabadcheh (Persian: بلاابادچه‎, also Romanized as Balāābādcheh; also known as Balā Bādcheh and Balābādcheh) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Balaabadcheh	Lay Siyah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wintergreen Gorge is a canyon located in Harborcreek Township, Erie County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Wintergreen Gorge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CNR Bridge is a steel truss swing span railway bridge over the north arm of the Fraser River in New Westminster British Columbia, Canada.	CNR Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kierikki is an area located in Yli-Ii by the Ii River in Finland.	Kierikki	Yli-Ii
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taft School is a private, coeducational prep school located in Watertown, Connecticut, USA.	Taft School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Bozon Qaran (Persian: تازه آباد بزن قران‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Bozon Qarān, Tāzehābād-e Bezenqerān, and Tāzehābād-e Bozonqarān; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Bozon Qaran	Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przepałkowo (pʂɛpau̯ˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Przepałkowo	Gmina Sośno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budziszów Wielki (buˈd͡ʑiʂuf ˈvjɛlki) (German: Groß Baudiß) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Budziszów Wielki	Gmina Wądroże Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Deer/Truant South Aerodrome, (TC LID: CRD6), is located 3.9 nautical miles (7.2 km; 4.5 mi) west of Red Deer, Alberta.	Red Deer/Truant South Aerodrome	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birmingham Science Park Aston, formerly known as Aston Science Park, is a science park located in Birmingham City Centre, United Kingdom.	Aston Science Park	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bennäs railway station (Swedish: Bennäs järnvägsstation, Finnish: Pännäisten rautatieasema) is located in the village of Bennäs in Pedersöre municipality, Ostrobothnia, Finland.	Bennäs railway station	Pedersöre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motul Municipality (in the Yucatec Maya language: ``Place of no overflowing'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (297.63 km2) of land and located roughly 45 km east of the city of Mérida.	Motul Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalab (Persian: دالاب‎, also Romanized as Dālāb) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dalab	Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pileh Darbon (Persian: پيله داربن‎, also Romanized as Pīleh Dārbon; also known as Phileh Darab, Pilderbend, and Takhteh Pol) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pileh Darbon	Pir Bazar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukkampatti (Tamil:புக்கம்பட்டி) is a Village Panchayat in Mecheri taluk in Salem district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Bukkampatti	Salem district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Terminal Arcade, located on Wabash Avenue in downtown Terre Haute, Indiana, is a Beaux-Arts building on the National Register of Historic Places since June 30, 1983.	Terminal Arcade	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rampart Street is a historic avenue located in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Rampart Street	New Orleans
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pentrecwrt (or Pentrecourt) is a village in north Carmarthenshire, Wales on the A486 road half way between Carmarthen and New Quay.	Pentrecwrt	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hedden County Park is a general purpose public park, located in Morris County, New Jersey, near the town of Dover.	Hedden County Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polba (Vidhan Sabha constituency) was an assembly constituency in Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Polba (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Hooghly
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Honda Center (formerly known as the Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim) is an indoor arena located in Anaheim, California.	Honda Center	Anaheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uralmash gang (Russian: Уралмашевская группировка) is a Russian mafia crime syndicate based in the city of Yekaterinburg.	Uralmash gang	Yekaterinburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Sapey is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England.	Lower Sapey	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Lawn and Turtle Pond are two connected features of Central Park which are located in Manhattan, New York City.	Great Lawn and Turtle Pond	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkh Musa (Persian: سرخ موسي‎, also Romanized as Sorkh Mūsá) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sorkh Musa	Khvor Khvoreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleariestown (Irish: Baile de Cléir), or Cleristown, is a small village situated in the south of County Wexford, in Ireland.	Cleariestown	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merchant Adventurers' Hall is a medieval guildhall in the city of York, England, and was one of the most important buildings in the medieval city.	Merchant Adventurers' Hall	York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murillo Flats is a three story, formerly seven unit brick apartment building in Des Moines, Iowa.	Murillo Flats	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Gowmir Chinlu-ye Owrtadagh (Persian: قشلاق گورچينلواورتاداغ‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Gowmīr Chīnlū-ye Owrtādāgh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Gowmir Chinlu-ye Owrtadagh	Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Groszki (ˈstarɛ ˈɡrɔʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Groszki	Gmina Kałuszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunnington is a village and civil parish in the Bromsgrove District of Worcestershire, England, close to the border with West Midlands, and just south of Halesowen.	Hunnington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geygan (Persian: گيگن‎‎, also Romanized as Gaigan, Gaygīn, Gey Gen, Gīgan, and Gīgen; also known as Gīkan) is a village in Jask Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Geygan	Jask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Eydmohammad (Persian: چاه عیدمحمد ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Eydmohammad	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Overseas Railroad (also known as Florida Overseas Railroad and the Overseas Extension) was an extension of the Florida East Coast Railway to Key West, a city located 128 miles (204.8 km) beyond the end of the Florida peninsula.	Overseas Railroad	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kinmon Gakuen (金門学園) or Golden Gate Institute is a Japanese language school in San Francisco, California, located at 2031 Bush Street.	Kinmon Gakuen	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulampuzha is a village of Pandalam, Kerala.	Mulampuzha	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rożnowa (rɔʐˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rożnowa	Gmina Wieliczka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Bead Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County, Idaho, United States, located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.	Lower Bead Lake	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhammayangyi Temple (Burmese: ဓမ္မရံကြီးပုထိုး, IPA: (dəma̰jàɴdʑí pətʰó)) is a Buddhist temple located in Bagan, Myanmar.	Dhammayangyi Temple	Bagan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Overton Golf Club, located in Vestavia Hills, Alabama, USA, is an invitation-only private golf club which opened in 1993.	Old Overton	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falls International Airport (IATA: INL, ICAO: KINL, FAA LID: INL) is a city owned, public use airport located in International Falls, a city in Koochiching County, Minnesota, United States.	Falls International Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devathanam is a neighbourhood Village of Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Devathanam	Virudhunagar district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Century Theatre was a legitimate Broadway theatre located at 932 Seventh Avenue at West 58th Street in midtown Manhattan.	New Century Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlin Hall, also known as Curtis Hall, Carlin Community Hall, Glencarlyn School, Glencarlyn Recreation Center, and is a historic community center located in the Glencarlyn section of Arlington, Virginia.	Carlin Hall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świdry-Awissa (ˈɕfidrɨ aˈvissa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Świdry-Awissa	Gmina Szczuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cranbury School District is a public school district located in and serving students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Cranbury Township, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.	Cranbury School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilakapadu is a village near Santhanuthala padu mandal, located in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Chilakapadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berżniki (bɛrʐˈniki), (Lithuanian: Beržininkai) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Berżniki	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Khusheh (Persian: چم خوشه‎, also Romanized as Cham Khūsheh) is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Khusheh	Kashkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clinton State Park is a state park in Douglas County, Kansas, United States, located 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Lawrence.	Clinton State Park	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valiyaperumpuzha is a village situated in Mavelikkara, on the banks of the Achankovil river, in between Mavelikkara Municipality, Chennithala Panchayat, and Chettikulangara Panchayat in Kerala, India.	Valiyaperumpuzha	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scott M. Matheson Junior High School is located at 3650 South Montclair street, Magna, Utah.	Matheson Junior High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knockdavie Castle is a now-ruined 17th-century house in Burntisland parish, Fife county, Scotland.	Knockdavie Castle	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galleh-ye Meshk (Persian: گله مشك‎; also known as Galleh-ye Mishi) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Galleh-ye Meshk	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Patrick's Parish and Buildings is a historic church on Grand Street, Ocean and Bramhall Avenues in Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	St. Patrick's Parish and Buildings	Jersey City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kannanurpalayam, also known as Kannanur or simply K.Palayam, is a small village in Thuraiyur, Tiruchirapalli District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kannanurpalayam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saunders Trades and Technical High School (Saunders High School or SHS) is a public high school for grades 9-12, in Yonkers, New York.	Saunders Trades and Technical High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soka University of America (SUA) is a four-year liberal arts university located in Aliso Viejo, California, United States.	Soka University of America	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luding County (Tibetan: ལྕགས་ཟམ།, Chagsam; Chinese: 泸定县; pinyin: Lúdìng Xiàn, Tibetan Jagsamka) is a part of the Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in the Chinese Province of Sichuan.	Luding County	Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	8 Mile Corner is a monument in the Cimarron National Grassland dedicated to the tri-point (a place where three states meet) of Kansas, Colorado, and Oklahoma.	8 Mile Corner	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peter Moyes Anglican Community School is a private school in Mindarie, Western Australia.	Peter Moyes Anglican Community School	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faridar (Persian: فريدر‎, also Romanized as Farīdar) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Faridar	Kharturan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Mohammad Nazar (Persian: حسن آباد محمد نظر‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Moḩammad Naz̧ar; also known as Ḩasanābād, Ḩasanābād-e Kohneh, and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District, Chaharduli District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Mohammad Nazar	Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ephraim Davis House is a historic First Period house on Merrimack Road, north of the junction with Amesbury Line Road in Haverhill, Massachusetts.	Ephraim Davis House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peepalpahad is a village of Choutuppal mandal in the Nalgonda district in Telangana, India.	Peepalpahad	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasemabad-e Aqa (Persian: قاسم اباداقا‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Āqā; also known as Qāsemābād-e Moz̧affarī) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Qasemabad-e Aqa	Saidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ațel (German: Hetzeldorf; Hungarian: Ecel) is a commune in Sibiu County, Romania.	Ațel	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glenholme School, also known as Devereux Glenholme School, is an independent coeducational therapeutic boarding school situated on over 110 acres (0.45 km2) in Washington, Connecticut.	Devereux Glenholme School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghol Gholab Balayi (Persian: غل غلاب بالایی‎, also Romanized as Ghol Gholāb Bālāyī) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghol Gholab Balayi	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Życińska (ˈvɔla ʐɨˈt͡ɕiɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Życińska	Gmina Wielgomłyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Valley Seminary (Mitchell County Historical Museum) is a historic seminary building at N. 6th and Mechanic Streets in Osage, Iowa.	Cedar Valley Seminary	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gadomiec-Peronie (ɡaˈdɔmjɛt͡s pɛˈrɔɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gadomiec-Peronie	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellinger River, an open and trained mature wave dominated, barrier estuary, is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Bellinger River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Savannah Way is a route of highways and major roads across the tropical savannahs of northern Australia, linking Cairns in Queensland with Broome in Western Australia.	Savannah Way	Queensland	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Cornard is a large village located just outside Sudbury, in Suffolk, England.	Great Cornard	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Sheykhi (Persian: كلاته شيخي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sheykhī; also known as Kalāt-e Sheykhī) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Sheykhi	Kakhk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koprivnica-Križevci County (Croatian: Koprivničko-križevačka županija; Hungarian: Kapronca-Körös megye) is a county in northern Croatia.	Koprivnica-Križevci County	Croatia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbian Harmony Cemetery was an African-American cemetery that formerly existed at 9th Street NE and Rhode Island Avenue NE in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Columbian Harmony Cemetery	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yung See San Fong House, or ``Young's Home in the Heart of the Hills'', is a house in Los Gatos in the U.S. state of California.	Yung See San Fong House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Berthold Indian Reservation is a U.S. Indian reservation in western North Dakota that is home for the federally recognized Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation, also known as the Three Affiliated Tribes.	Fort Berthold Indian Reservation	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kahlenbergerdorf Parish Church (Pfarrkirche Kahlenbergerdorf) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the suburb of Kahlenbergerdorf in the 19th district of Vienna, Döbling.	Kahlenbergerdorf Parish Church	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapkuh (Persian: چپکوه‎, also Romanized as Chapḵūh) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chapkuh	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greenup Commercial Historic District is a historic district located in the business district of Greenup, Illinois.	Greenup Commercial Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 94 Grandview Avenue in Quincy, Massachusetts, is the best-preserved of a series of Queen Anne Victorians built on Wollaston Hill.	House at 94 Grandview Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHCE is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Highland Springs, Virginia, serving the East Side of Metro Richmond.	WHCE	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gliczarów Górny (ɡliˈt͡ʂaruf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Dunajec, within Tatra County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gliczarów Górny	Gmina Biały Dunajec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jesse Pickens Pugh Farmstead is a historic 289-acre (117 ha) homestead near Grove Hill in rural Clarke County, Alabama.	Jesse Pickens Pugh Farmstead	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colusa National Wildlife Refuge is one of six refuges in the Sacramento National Wildlife Refuge Complex located in the Sacramento Valley of north-central California.	Colusa National Wildlife Refuge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The town of Bayanhot, situated in the banner, is the seat of government of the greater Alxa League, of which Alxa Left Banner is a part.	Alxa Left Banner	Alxa League
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Secondary School is in the Morningside Heights neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan.	Columbia Secondary School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Craigville Historic District encompasses a historic religious camp meeting area in the Craigville section of Barnstable, Massachusetts.	Craigville Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howard Community College, also commonly referred to HCC and Howard CC is a community college in Columbia, Howard County, Maryland.	Howard Community College	Columbia	Howard County	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Little River, or the Northwest Branch, is a tributary of the Pleasant River in Washington County, Maine.	Western Little River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridge in Tinicum Township is a historic Pratt pony truss bridge located at Point Pleasant in Tinicum Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Bridge in Tinicum Township	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Binghamton Railway Company Complex is a historic railway complex located at Binghamton in Broome County, New York.	Binghamton Railway Company Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latab (Persian: لتاب‎, also Romanized as Latāb; also known as Latāb-e Soflá) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Latab	Shabab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoh Fuk Tong Centre (Chinese: 何福堂會所 - 福堂樓) is located at 28 Castle Peak Road, San Hui, Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Hoh Fuk Tong Centre	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Kimshew Creek is a stream in northern California in the United States, some 11 miles (18 km) long.	Big Kimshew Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flordon is both a civil parish and a village in Norfolk, England.	Flordon	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gobeyr-e Do (Persian: گبيردو‎; also known as Gobeyr-e Bozorq, Gobeyr-e Dovvom, and Kūt al Qubair) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gobeyr-e Do	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stobna (ˈstɔbna) (German: Stuba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stobna	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upsala College (UC) was a private college affiliated with the Swedish-American Augustana Synod (now the Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church) and located in East Orange in Essex County, New Jersey in the United States.	Upsala College	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ropocice (rɔpɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ropocice	Gmina Secemin
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Plainfield High School (or SPHS) is a four-year, co-ed comprehensive community public high school located in South Plainfield in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades and operating as the sole secondary school in the South Plainfield Public Schools.	South Plainfield High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadway Center for the Performing Arts is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization located in the historic Theater District (901 Broadway) of downtown Tacoma, Washington.	Broadway Center for the Performing Arts	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bösenburg is a village in the Mansfeld-Südharz rural district in the German land Saxony-Anhalt.	Bösenburg	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Shabandar (Persian: ابشباندر‎, also Romanized as Āb Shabāndar) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ab Shabandar	Sepiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guzoni Tappeh-ye Bala (Persian: گوزني تپه بالا‎, also Romanized as Gūzonī Tappeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Aqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Guzoni Tappeh-ye Bala	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queens Botanical Garden began as part of the 1939 New York World's Fair in Queens.	Queens Botanical Garden	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ujów (ˈujuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ujów	Gmina Mietków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamionna-Folwark (kaˈmjɔnna ˈfɔlvark) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kamionna-Folwark	Gmina Międzychód
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ansin Sports Complex is a track and field venue located in Miramar, Florida, and is one of only four Class 2 internationally certified tracks in the United States.	Ansin Sports Complex	Miramar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burdrop is a village in Sibford Gower civil parish, about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) west of Banbury in Oxfordshire.	Burdrop	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greeneville High School (GHS) is a high school in Greeneville, Tennessee, a town most known as the place in which President Andrew Johnson began his political career as the city mayor.	Greeneville High School	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miri-ye Khani-ye Do (Persian: ميريخاني2‎, also Romanized as Mīrī-ye Khānī-ye Do; also known as Mīrī-ye Khānī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Miri-ye Khani-ye Do	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William D. Block Memorial Law Library serves the Nineteenth Judicial Circuit, Lake County, Illinois.	William D. Block Memorial Law Library	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Francis Street Methodist Church, officially St. Francis Street United Methodist Church, is a historic United Methodist Church building in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	St. Francis Street Methodist Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Östra hamnen (``Eastern Harbour'') is a neighbourhood of Malmö, situated in the Borough of Centrum, Malmö Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden.	Östra hamnen	Malmö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bahay Tsinoy (literally Chinese-Filipino House) is a museum located in the Intramuros (Old Walled City) section of Manila.	Bahay Tsinoy	Manila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gentry Complex is a multi-purpose facility on the main campus of Tennessee State University (TSU) in Nashville, Tennessee.	Gentry Complex	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shawnee Street Overpass (also known as the Shawnee Road Bridge) is an overpass in Kansas City, Kansas, USA, and is located at Shawnee Road and South 7th Street Trafficway.	Shawnee Street Overpass	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Shahr Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيدشهر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bid Shahr Rural District	Evaz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eden Valley 216 is an Indian reserve located near Longview, Alberta.	Eden Valley 216	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honnavalli is an Indian village in Tiptur Taluk in Karnataka State.	Honnavalli	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczenurze (ʂt͡ʂɛˈnuʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szczenurze	Gmina Wicko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Reserve is a cricket and Australian rules football ground in the suburb of Glen Waverley, in the south-east of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Central Reserve	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pariyangadu is a village near Anchachavadi in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala.	Pariyangadu	Malappuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuchowo (tuˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tuchowo	Gmina Strzegowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Brzózka (ˈvulka ˈbʐuska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Brzózka	Gmina Głowaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kletnia-Kolonia (ˈklɛtɲa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kletnia-Kolonia	Gmina Gomunice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ługowa Wola (wuˈɡɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ługowa Wola	Gmina Policzna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nippon Hospital is a historic hospital building located at 25 S. Commerce St. in Stockton, California.	Nippon Hospital	Stockton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marine Terrace, Fremantle is a road on the southern side of the built up area of Fremantle, Western Australia.	Marine Terrace, Fremantle	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Totonno's is a pizzeria located at 1524 Neptune Avenue (between West 15th Street and West 16th Street) in Coney Island in Brooklyn, New York.	Totonno's	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holyoke Merry-Go-Round is a carousel in Holyoke, Massachusetts.	Holyoke Merry-Go-Round	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramiszów (raˈmiʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ramiszów	Gmina Długołęka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Star Chamber Cave is a limestone cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Star Chamber Cave	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serby (ˈsɛrbɨ) (German: Zerbau, 1938-45: Lerchenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Serby	Gmina Głogów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahramabad-e Sofla (Persian: بهرام آباد سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bahrāmābād-e Soflá; also known as Bahrāmābād-e Pā’īn, or simply Bahrāmābād and Behrāmābād) is a village in Zhan Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bahramabad-e Sofla	Zhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogóżka (rɔˈɡuʂka) (former German: Wolmsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rogóżka	Gmina Stronie Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vance Brand Airport (ICAO: KLMO, FAA LID: LMO, formerly AMR) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Longmont, in Boulder County, Colorado, United States.	Vance Brand Airport	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildcat Den State Park is a state park of Iowa, US, in Muscatine County.	Wildcat Den State Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grisedale Pike is a fell in the Lake District, Cumbria, England situated 4.5 miles (7.2 km) west of the town of Keswick in the north-western sector of the national park.	Grisedale Pike	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanarthney (Welsh: Llanarthne) is a village and community in Carmarthenshire, Wales, located 12 kilometres to the east of Carmarthen and 10 kilometres to the south-west of Llandeilo.	Llanarthney	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jacob Sloat House, originally called Harmony Hall, is located on Liberty Rock Road in Sloatsburg, New York, United States.	Jacob Sloat House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fall Creek Meeting House is located approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Pendleton, Indiana, United States, on State Road 38.	Fall Creek Meeting House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Amir (Persian: ده امير‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Amīr; also known as Deh-e Amīr Khān) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Amir	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Barn Theatre, located at 1106 S. 10th Street in Omaha, Nebraska, is a nationally recognized theater.	Blue Barn Theatre	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashhadi Mohammad (Persian: مشهدي محمد‎, also Romanized as Mashhadī Moḩammad) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mashhadi Mohammad	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coon Creek Science Center is a science center and fossil finding site at 2985 Hardin Graveyard Road in Adamsville, McNairy County, Tennessee, USA.	Coon Creek Science Center	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmosuo Airfield (ICAO: EFAH) is an airfield in Hangaskangas, Oulu, Finland, about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast from Oulu city centre.	Ahmosuo Airfield	Oulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petershill Park is a leisure centre located in the Springburn suburb of Glasgow, the largest city in Scotland.	Petershill Park	Springburn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peter Woodbury House (or Woodberry) is a historic First Period house at 82 Dodge Street in Beverly, Massachusetts.	Peter Woodbury House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armenian Heritage Park is a memorial park dedicated to the victims of the Armenian Genocide located on Parcel 13 on the Rose Kennedy Greenway between Faneuil Hall Marketplace and Christopher Columbus Park in Boston, Massachusetts.	Armenian Heritage Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broxtowe is a local government district with borough status in Nottinghamshire, England, west of the City of Nottingham.	Broxtowe	Nottinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1997 the Illinois Theatre Association honored the Theatre Building Chicago with an Outstanding Contribution Award for twenty years of service.	Theatre Building Chicago	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rideau Carleton Raceway is a Canadian horse racing and gambling complex located at 4837 Albion Road in Ottawa, Ontario.	Rideau Carleton Raceway	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grzegrzółki (ɡʐɛˈɡʐuu̯ki) (German: Kukukswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grzegrzółki	Gmina Pasym
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinkytown is a commercial district within the Marcy-Holmes residential neighborhood in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Dinkytown	Minneapolis	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buszyno (buˈʂɨnɔ) (German Bussin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Buszyno	Gmina Polanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bentomiz Castle is an ancient fortress built on a hill near the village of Arenas in the province of Málaga, at a height of 711 metres (2,333 ft).	Bentomiz Castle	Arenas
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Matthew's Chapel A.M.E. Church is a church at 309 Spruce Street in Boonville, Missouri.	St. Matthew's Chapel A.M.E. Church	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canet de Mar (Catalan pronunciation: (kaˈnɛd də ˈmar)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia, Spain.	Canet de Mar	Maresme
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achilleio (Greek: Αχίλλειο) is a former municipality on the island of Corfu, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Achilleio	Corfu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tyoax Pass is a mountain pass in the Chilcotin Ranges of the Pacific Ranges, the southernmost main subdivision of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.	Tyoax Pass	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marlingford and Colton is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, made from the two villages of those names, both previously church parishes.	Marlingford and Colton	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collingbourne Kingston is a village and civil parish about 8 miles (13 km) south of the market town of Marlborough in Wiltshire, England.	Collingbourne Kingston	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śmietki (ˈɕmjɛtki) (German Schnittken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Śmietki	Gmina Mikołajki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riseh (Persian: ريسه‎, also Romanized as Rīseh; also known as Rīzeh and Rīzh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Riseh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalgin Island is an island in Cook Inlet of the Gulf of Alaska, southwest of the city of Kenai, Alaska, United States.	Kalgin Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murzynówko (muʐɨˈnufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Murzynówko	Gmina Krzykosy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farmers Field was a proposed sports and events stadium in Downtown Los Angeles, California, United States, at the current site of the West Hall of the Los Angeles Convention Center, adjacent to Staples Center.	Farmers Field	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Ha (หนองฮะ) is a sub-district of Samrong Thap District (สำโรงทาบ) in Surin Province, Thailand	Nong Ha	Samrong Thap
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niekarzyn (ɲeˈkaʐɨn) (German: Nickern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Niekarzyn	Gmina Skąpe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Barnwell Island is a historic archeological site located near Port Royal, Beaufort County, South Carolina.	Little Barnwell Island	Beaufort County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gołogłowy (ɡɔwɔˈɡwɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gołogłowy	Gmina Kłodzko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solombor (Persian: سلمبر‎) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Solombor	Kahrizak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyniyeh-ye Mir Shenan (Persian: حسينيه ميرشنان‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynīyeh-ye Mīr Shenān) is a village in Azadeh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hoseyniyeh-ye Mir Shenan	Azadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamen is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, in the district Unna.	Kamen	Unna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pleasant Valley Ranger Station, known also as Pleasant Valley Administrative Site and Young Ranger Station, in Tonto National Forest near Young, Arizona was built in 1919.	Pleasant Valley Ranger Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nieuwe Maas (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌniu.ə ˈmaːs), ``New Meuse'') is a distributary of the Rhine River, and a former distributary of the Maas River, in the Dutch province of South Holland.	Nieuwe Maas	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Following a directive issued on December 20, 1895, Fusagasugá was made capital of Sumapaz Province, which was created by National Directive 489 on November 7, 1895 and made into Law 162 in 1896.	Fusagasugá	Sumapaz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Kostrzynek (ˈstarɨ kɔsˈtʂɨnɛk) (German: Altcüstrinchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Stary Kostrzynek	Gmina Cedynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckingham Browne & Nichols School, often referred to as BB&N, is a private day school on three campuses in Cambridge, Massachusetts, educating students from pre-kindergarten (called ``Beginners'') to 12th grade.	Buckingham Browne & Nichols	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namdong District (Namdong-gu) is a ward in Incheon, South Korea.	Namdong District	Incheon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balamgarh is a village in tehsil Dhuri district Sangrur (Punjab, India).	Balamgarh	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadhu Budruk is a village in Shirur tehsil of Pune district.	Vadhu Budruk	Pune district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Zdakowska (ˈvɔla zdaˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gawłuszowice, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Zdakowska	Gmina Gawłuszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chateau Woltner, formerly Nouveau Medoc Vineyard, was a California wine estate located near Angwin, California in the Howell Mountain AVA within Napa Valley, which in the modern era was operational between 1980 and 2000 before its sale and merge into Ladera Vineyards.	Chateau Woltner	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Milford Flat Fire was the largest wildfire in Utah history.	Milford Flat Fire	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowichan Lake is a large freshwater lake located on southern Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Cowichan Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Proprietors Meeting House and Parish House, known for many years as the Universalist Church of Scarborough and South Buxton, is a historic church complex at the junction of Maine State Route 22 and Old County Road in the village of South Buxton, on the Scarborough side of the town line with Buxton, Maine.	Proprietors Meeting House and Parish House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Backhill is a rural area near Woodhead of Fyvie in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Backhill	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruland was the home of the bailiff or Fogd for the whole Sunnfjord region from 1567 until the end of the nineteenth century.	Bruland	Sunnfjord
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pardastlu (Persian: پردستلو‎, also Romanized as Pardastlū; also known as Bardastlū and Pardastī) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pardastlu	Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toronto Magnetic and Meteorological Observatory is a historical observatory located on the grounds of the University of Toronto, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Magnetic and Meteorological Observatory	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridge of the Twenty-Three Camels is the official name of the highway bridge over the Fraser River at Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada, on BC Highway 99.	Bridge of the Twenty-Three Camels	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godowa (ɡɔˈdɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Godowa	Gmina Strzyżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coronach/Scobey Border Station Airport (FAA LID: 8U3, TC LID: CKK3) is located 8 nautical miles (15 km; 9.2 mi) southeast of Coronach, Saskatchewan, Canada and 13 mi (21 km) north of Scobey, Montana, United States.	Coronach/Scobey Border Station Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yen Chow Street (Chinese: 欽州街) is a main street in Sham Shui Po of New Kowloon in Hong Kong.	Yen Chow Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Earth Quest Adventures was to be a resort located in New Caney, Texas, approximately 25 miles (40 km) north of Houston that is not scheduled to open to the public at this time.	Earth Quest Adventures	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saari was annexed to Parikkala and Uukuniemi municipalities on 1 January 2005.	Saari	Parikkala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robie's Country Store is a historic store at 9 Riverside Street in Hooksett, New Hampshire, United States.	Robie's Country Store	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pype Hayes Hall is a former mansion house in the Pype Hayes area of Erdington, Birmingham, England.	Pype Hayes Hall	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Gahlui-ye Barzand (Persian: درگاهلوي برزند‎, also Romanized as Darreh Gāhlūī-ye Barzand; also known as Darreh Gāhlū) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Darreh Gahlui-ye Barzand	Pain Barzand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackwater River State Park is a Florida State Park located fifteen miles northeast of Milton, near Harold, off U.S. 90.	Blackwater River State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canoas (Portuguese pronunciation: (kaˈnoɐs)), which earned city status in 1939, is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Canoas	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cold Spring Harbor State Park is a 40-acre (16 ha) state park located on New York State Route 25A in the Town of Huntington in Suffolk County, New York.	Cold Spring Harbor State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum de Balaine (20 hectares) is a historic arboretum located in Villeneuve-sur-Allier, Allier, Auvergne, France.	Arboretum de Balaine	Villeneuve-sur-Allier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poczałkowo-Kolonia (pɔt͡ʂau̯ˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Poczałkowo-Kolonia	Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopewell Presbyterian Church and Hopewell Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located at 5314 Old River Road in Florence, South Carolina.	Hopewell Presbyterian Church and Hopewell Cemetery	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnage railway station is a railway station in south Manchester, England, in the suburb of Burnage on the Styal Line.	Burnage railway station	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maximilian II of Bavaria had a hunting lodge built underneath today's so-called Herzogstand-house in 1857.	Herzogstand	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polkowice County (Polish: powiat polkowicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Polkowice County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crawfish Creek is a short stream in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming This watercourse is known for its unusually warm temperatures compared to other surface water bodies in Wyoming; these elevated temperatures enable crawfish to thrive in the water.	Crawfish Creek	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cluny or Clugny is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department of the region of Burgundy, in eastern France.	Cluny	Saône-et-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barksdale Global Power Museum, formerly known as the Eighth Air Force Museum, is located on Barksdale AFB near Bossier City, Louisiana and is hosted by the 2nd Bomb Wing.	Barksdale Global Power Museum	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ceteń (ˈt͡sɛtɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odrzywół, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ceteń	Gmina Odrzywół
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bates Park Historic District is located on the north side Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Bates Park Historic District	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Textilfabrik Cromford in Ratingen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany was built in 1783 by Johann Gottfried Brügelmann.	Textilfabrik Cromford	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahlu Chal (Persian: كهلوچال‎, also Romanized as Kahlū Chāl) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kahlu Chal	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bijanbari is a small town lying to the east of Darjeeling in the state of West Bengal, India.	Bijanbari	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sailing Ship Columbia, located at the Disneyland park in Anaheim, California, is a full-scale replica of Columbia Rediviva, the first American ship to circumnavigate the globe.	Sailing Ship Columbia	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friar's Inn (also called New Friar's Inn) was a nightclub and speakeasy in Chicago, Illinois, a famed jazz music venue in the 1920s.	Friar's Inn	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishopsgate Library is an independent, charity-funded library located within the Bishopsgate Institute in the City of London.	Bishopsgate Library	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mironić (Serbian: Миронић) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom, Serbia.	Mironić	Aerodrom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milk River Ridge Reservoir is an artificial lake in southern Alberta, Canada.	Milk River Ridge Reservoir	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bell Hill School or District Number One School is an historic school in Otisfield, Maine.	Bell Hill School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perkpolder is a hamlet in the southwestern Netherlands, situated in the municipality of Hulst, Zeeland.	Perkpolder	Hulst
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Garrett is a residential area on the A131 road, near the town of Braintree, in the Braintree District, in the English county of Essex.	High Garrett	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ship Island Light was a lighthouse in Mississippi near Gulfport.	Ship Island Light	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Canyon Caverns Airport (IATA: PGS, FAA LID: L37) is a public-use airport located nine miles (14 km) east of the central business district of Peach Springs, in Coconino County, Arizona, United States.	Grand Canyon Caverns Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magdumpur is a tiny village in Nangunoor Mandal of Medak District, Telangana, India.	Magdumpur	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Onterie Center is a sixty-story award-winning high rise in downtown Chicago, IL.	Onterie Center	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victorian Village is a neighborhood Columbus, Ohio, north and near west of downtown.	Victorian Village	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagin-e Bala (Persian: جگين بالا‎, also Romanized as Jagīn-e Bālā; also known as Jagin) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jagin-e Bala	Gabrik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głogusz (ˈɡwɔɡuʂ) (German: Glogsen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Głogusz	Gmina Sulechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoboken Historical Museum, founded in 1986, is located in Hoboken, New Jersey and presents rotating exhibitions and activities related to the history, diverse culture, architecture and historic landmarks of the city.	Hoboken Historical Museum	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandar-e Gaz (Persian: بندرگز or بَندِر گَز‎, also Romanized as Bandar-i-Gaz, Bandar-i-Jaz and Bander Gaz) is a city in and capital of Bandar-e Gaz County, in Golestan Province, Iran.	Bandar-e Gaz	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damagh (Persian: دماغ‎, also Romanized as Damāgh) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Dashli Borun District, Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Damagh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Dolores, Center for the Study of the Popular Arts of Mexico is an art museum located on 1023 Bath Street in Santa Barbara, California.	Casa Dolores	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patparganj is a locality situated in East Delhi District of the National Capital Territory of Delhi, India.	Patparganj	East Delhi
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Berwick (/nɔərθ ˈbɛrᵻk/; Scottish Gaelic: Bearaig a Tuath) is a seaside town and former royal burgh in East Lothian, Scotland.	North Berwick	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garreh Nazerabad (Persian: گره نظراباد‎, also Romanized as Garreh Naz̧erābād; also known as Chehel Gereh, Gareh, and Garreh) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Garreh Nazerabad	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hacienda Business Park is a 900 acre (364 hectare) mixed-use job center and housing development in Pleasanton, California.	Hacienda Business Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaydon is a parish and village in Warwickshire, England, close to Royal Leamington Spa.	Gaydon	Warwickshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château de Frœnsbourg is a ruined French castle north west of the town of Lembach, within the Bas-Rhin département.	Château de Frœnsbourg	Lembach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamin Deraz (Persian: زمين دراز‎, also Romanized as Zamīn Derāz) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zamin Deraz	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quamby Bluff is a mountain in Northern Tasmania, Australia that is an outlying part of the Great Western Tiers mountain range.	Quamby Bluff	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Mahalleh-ye Gildeh (Persian: بالامحله گيلده‎, also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Gīldeh; also known as Gīldeh) is a village in Dehgah Rural District, Kiashahr District, Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Mahalleh-ye Gildeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Loughborough School was a Christian, Voluntary aided school in Tottenham, London in the United Kingdom.	The John Loughborough School	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Evangelical Church is a historic church building in Germantown, Wisconsin, United States.	Christ Evangelical Church	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrison Avenue Bridge is a concrete deck arch bridge carrying Harrison Avenue (unsigned SR 6011) in Scranton, Pennsylvania, United States.	Harrison Avenue Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruraz (Persian: رورز‎, also Romanized as Rūraz; also known as Dūraz) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ruraz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portage Lake District Library is a public library located in Houghton, Michigan, which serves the city of Houghton and Chassell and Portage Townships.	Portage Lake District Library	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grocholub (ɡrɔˈxɔlup) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grocholub	Gmina Walce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homestead Farm at Oak Ridge is a historic home and grounds in Clark (Union County) and Edison (Middlesex County), New Jersey, United States, that was listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places in 1995.	Homestead Farm at Oak Ridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art is an art museum on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman, Oklahoma.	Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Vieux-Habitants (French for Old Inhabitants) is a canton in the Arrondissement of Basse-Terre on the island of Guadeloupe.	Canton of Vieux-Habitants	Arrondissement of Basse-Terre	Guadeloupe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castambul is a small locality near Adelaide, South Australia.	Castambul	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chehel Mani, Zahedan (Persian: چهل منی‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chehel Mani, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midland Community Stadium (MCS) is located in Midland, Michigan and is owned by Midland Public Schools.	Midland Community Stadium	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Sukhtegan (Persian: باب سوختگان‎, also Romanized as Bāb Sūkhtegān and Bābsūkhtegān) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Sukhtegan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohan-e Pancharak (Persian: كهن پنچرك‎; also known as 'Kohan) is a village in Esmaili Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kohan-e Pancharak	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danskammer Generating Station is located on the shore of the Hudson River in the Town of Newburgh, New York, United States, 0.5 miles (0.8 km) upstream of the larger oil-fired Roseton Generating Station.	Danskammer Generating Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maidstone Aerodrome, (TC LID: CJH3), is located 1.2 nautical miles (2.2 km; 1.4 mi) northwest of Maidstone, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Maidstone Aerodrome	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hemingstone is a village and parish in Suffolk, England 6.5 miles (11 km) north of Ipswich.	Hemingstone	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West End Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, located at 47 Wabash Street in the West End neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, opened on January 31, 1899.	West End Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velnciems (Devil's village) is one of the oldest districts of Liepāja, Latvia.	Velnciems	Liepāja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Seyyedha (Persian: مزرعه سيدها‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Seyyedhā) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Seyyedha	Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bő is a village in Vas County, Hungary with a population of 679 (2004).	Bő	Vas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanyandar (Persian: هنياندر‎, also Romanized as Hanyāndar; also known as Handyāndar) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hanyandar	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Negotin (Serbian Cyrillic: Неготин (nêɡotiːn)) is a town and municipality in the Bor District of north-eastern Central Serbia.	Negotin	Bor District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florida Christian School is a Non-Denominational Christian school in Olympia Heights, unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida.	Florida Christian School	Miami-Dade County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grandma Prisbrey's Bottle Village, also known as Bottle Village, is a folk art piece, located in Simi Valley, California.	Grandma Prisbrey's Bottle Village	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolossi Castle is a former Crusader stronghold on the south-west edge of Kolossi village 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of the city of Limassol on the island of Cyprus.	Kolossi Castle	Limassol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Boody House also known as the Boody-Johnson House, is an historic house at 256 Maine Street in Brunswick, Maine, United States.	Henry Boody House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowalewo Podborne (kɔvaˈlɛvɔ pɔdˈbɔrnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kowalewo Podborne	Gmina Gozdowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuk Ju (Persian: نوكجو‎, also Romanized as Nūk Jū and Nowkajoo; also known as Nokjū and Nūkdū) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nuk Ju	Zaboli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sands Ring Homestead Museum is a historic house located on Main Street in the Town of Cornwall, in Orange County, New York.	Sands Ring Homestead Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nova Olinda do Norte is a town and municipality located in the Brazilian state of Amazonas.	Nova Olinda do Norte	Amazonas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alkmonton is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire, England, roughly between Uttoxeter and Derby.	Alkmonton	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladsaxehus (Swedish: Gladsax hus, earlier Gladsaxehus, also Glathsax or Glatzsax) is a ruined castle in Gladsax parish in Simrishamn Municipality of Skåne in southeastern Sweden.	Gladsaxehus	Simrishamn Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hammond Building was a high-rise building completed in 1889 at the southeast corner of Griswold Street and West Fort Street in the financial district of downtown Detroit, Michigan directly across Fort Street from the Detroit City Hall.	Hammond Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teaneck Kebab House was a restaurant formerly located in Teaneck, New Jersey, United States.	Teaneck Kebab House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belhelvie (Scottish Gaelic: Baile Shealbhaigh) is a small village and civil parish in Aberdeenshire in Scotland.	Belhelvie	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kootenai National Forest is a national forest located in the far northwestern section of Montana and the northeasternmost lands in the Idaho panhandle in the United States, along the Canadian border.	Kootenai National Forest	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palpa Province is the smallest of 5 provinces of the Ica Region of Peru and the only landlocked province of the region.	Palpa Province	Ica Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Miguel do Passa Quatro is a municipality in central Goiás state, Brazil.	São Miguel do Passa Quatro	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rampart Range is a mountain range located in Douglas, El Paso, and Teller counties, Colorado, USA.	Rampart Range	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul Walsh Field is a multi-purpose sports facility located in New Bedford, Massachusetts, USA.	Paul Walsh Field	New Bedford
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berndt Museum of Anthropology is an anthropological museum in Perth, Western Australia, founded in 1976 by Ronald Berndt and Catherine Berndt.	Berndt Museum of Anthropology	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzelino (stʂɛˈlinɔ) (German Groß Strellin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Strzelino	Gmina Słupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Giesen Hills (German: Giesener Berge) are a ridge, up to 162.6 metres high, in the district of Hildesheim in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Giesen Hills	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kluczkowice (klut͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kluczkowice	Gmina Opole Lubelskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballyshannon (Irish: Béal Átha Seanaidh, meaning ``The Mouth of Seannachs ford'') is a town in County Donegal, Ireland.	Ballyshannon	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyoming County International Speedway is an asphalt speedway located in Perry, New York, USA.	Wyoming County International Speedway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centennial Hall (German: Jahrhunderthalle, Polish: Hala Stulecia; formerly Hala Ludowa) is a historic building in Wrocław, Poland.	Centennial Hall	Wrocław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain View Hospital Heliport (FAA LID: OG35) is a private heliport located in Madras, Jefferson County, Oregon, United States.	Mountain View Hospital Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Rio de los Putos was a 17,755-acre (71.85 km2) Mexican land grant in present day Solano County and Yolo County, California given in 1842 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to William Wolfskill.	Rancho Rio de los Putos	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Two Dickinson Street Co-op, or 2D, is one of the three student dining co-ops at Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey.	Two Dickinson Street Co-op	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Rushen (Manx: Cashtal Rosien) is a medieval castle located in the Isle of Man's historic capital, Castletown, in the south of the island.	Castle Rushen	Castletown
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of the Flagellation is a Roman Catholic church and semi-defunct Christian pilgrimage site located in the Muslim Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem, near the St. Stephen's Gate.	Church of the Flagellation	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenareh (Persian: چناره‎, also Romanized as Chenāreh and Chenārah; also known as Chinare and Chināreh) is a city in and capital of Sarshiv District, in Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chenareh	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melton Mowbray Navigation was formed when the River Wreake in Leicestershire, England, was made navigable upstream from its junction with the River Soar and the Leicester Navigation near Syston to Melton Mowbray, opening in 1797.	Melton Mowbray Navigation	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bellefaire Orphanage was a Jewish orphanage in Cleveland Ohio founded in 1868 as an orphanage for children who lost their parents in the Civil War, making it one of the oldest orphanages in the US.	Bellefaire Orphanage	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pak Bong (Thai: ปากบ่อง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Pa Sang District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 3777 people.	Pak Bong	Pa Sang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fore River Sanctuary is an 85-acre (34 ha) protected area in Portland, Maine.	Fore River Sanctuary	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eskug (Persian: اسكوگ‎, also Romanized as Eskūg, Eskūk, Askook, and Iskaug) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eskug	Naharjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mono Lake (/ˈmoʊnoʊ/ MOH-noh) is a large, shallow saline soda lake in Mono County, California, formed at least 760,000 years ago as a terminal lake in an endorheic basin.	Mono Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Calmont d'Olt is a castle situated in France, in the Aveyron département in the commune of Espalion.	Château de Calmont d'Olt	Espalion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vayegi (Russian: Вае́ги) is a rural locality (a selo) in Anadyrsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located near the border with Kamchatka Krai, on the banks of the Vayegi River, southwest of Anadyr, the administrative center of the autonomous okrug.	Vayegi	Anadyrsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubowierz (luˈbɔvjɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Lubowierz	Gmina Stary Brus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halmstad Airport (IATA: HAD, ICAO: ESMT), also known as Halmstad City Airport, is an airport situated 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northwest of Halmstad, a city in the Halmstad Municipality of Halland County, Sweden.	Halmstad Airport	Halmstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal South Sydney Hospital was a hospital in the southern Sydney suburb of Zetland, New South Wales, Australia.	Royal South Sydney Hospital	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallalute Falls is a large waterfall located on Compass Creek on the north slopes of Mount Hood in the Hood River County, Oregon, at an elevation of 4,879 feet (1,487 m).	Wallalute Falls	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avarzaman Rural District (Persian: دهستان اورزمان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Avarzaman Rural District	Samen District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hueston Woods State Park is a state park located in Butler and Preble counties of the U.S. state of Ohio, about five miles (8 km) northeast of Oxford in the southwestern part of the state.	Hueston Woods State Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peace Center is a performing arts center located in Greenville, South Carolina.	Peace Center	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sameeh (Persian: سمعه‎, also Romanized as Sameʿeh) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sameeh	Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Advance Thresher/Emerson-Newton Implement Company buildings in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, are a pair of buildings designed by Kees and Colburn.	Advance Thresher/Emerson-Newton Implement Company	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shades Mountain is a cuesta in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.	Shades Mountain	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moreton Bay Region is a local government area located in the north of the Brisbane metropolitan area in South East Queensland, Australia.	Moreton Bay Region	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buggingen is a municipality in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany located between the Rhine Valley and the Black Forest on the northern edge of Markgräflerland.	Buggingen	Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tidnish River is a short Canadian river on the Isthmus of Chignecto along the interprovincial boundary with New Brunswick and Nova Scotia.	Tidnish River	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nazerabad (Persian: ناظراباد‎, also Romanized as Nāz̧erābād) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nazerabad	Tus Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIOO, known as ``Country Gold FM & AM'', WIOO - AM is a 1,000-watt daytime radio station licensed to Carlisle, Pennsylvania.	WIOO	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bradford County Museum is a historical museum in Towanda, Bradford County, Pennsylvania.	Bradford County Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tesalia (Spanish pronunciation: (teˈsalja)) is a town and municipality in the Huila Department, Colombia.	Tesalia	Huila Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owraki Molla Abdol Rahman (Persian: عوركي ملاعبدالرحمان‎, also Romanized as ʿOwrakī Mollā ʿAbdol Raḩmān) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Owraki Molla Abdol Rahman	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rundeh (Persian: رونده‎, also Romanized as Rūndeh) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Rundeh	Ramjin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malvern Hills are a range of hills in the English counties of Worcestershire, Herefordshire and a small area of northern Gloucestershire, dominating the surrounding countryside and the towns and villages of the district of Malvern.	Malvern Hills	Worcestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acquappesa is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of Italy.	Acquappesa	Province of Cosenza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmad-e Omran (Persian: احمدعمران‎, also Romanized as Aḩmad-e ``Omrān; also known as Maʿbūdī) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 494, in 106 families.	Ahmad-e Omran	Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katima Mulilo Urban is a constituency in the Zambezi Region of Namibia, that also includes the capital city of the region, Katima Mulilo.	Katima Mulilo Urban	Zambezi Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiłkopedzie (viu̯kɔˈpɛd͡ʑɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Wiłkopedzie	Gmina Puńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnham Market is a village and civil parish near the north coast of Norfolk, England.	Burnham Market	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patshaling Gewog (Dzongkha: པ་ཚ་གླིང་) is a gewog (village block) of Tsirang District, Bhutan.	Patshaling Gewog	Tsirang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladestry (Welsh: Llanfair Llythynwg) is a small village and community in Powys, mid Wales, close to the border with England at the end of the Hergest Ridge.	Gladestry	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Seyyed (Persian: محمدابادسيد‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Seyyed, Moḩammadābād Seyed, and Mohammad Abad Seyyed) is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Seyyed	Azizabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipicze Olendry (liˈpit͡ʂɛ ɔˈlɛndrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Lipicze Olendry	Gmina Goszczanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dunsmuir House and Gardens (also known by the name The Dunsmuir-Hellman Historic Estate; and previously known as Oakvale Park) is located in Oakland, California on a 50-acre (200,000 m2) site.	Dunsmuir House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raina I (community development block) (also spelled Rayna and called Rainagar) (Bengali: রায়না I সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক) is an administrative division in Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Raina I (community development block)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratannagar(Heritage city) is a city and a municipality in Churu district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Ratannagar	Churu district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azadlu Rural District (Persian: دهستان آزادلو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Azadlu Rural District	Muran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przesieki (pʂɛˈɕɛki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przesieki	Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Frankley in Birmingham is the only civil parish in Birmingham, England.	New Frankley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cudnów (ˈt͡sudnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Cudnów	Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spy Hill Power Plant is a natural gas-fired station owned by Northland Power, in Spy Hill, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Spy Hill Power Plant	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The École Camondo is a five-year private school of product design and interior architecture located in Paris, France, which was created in 1944 and was recognized by the French Ministry of Education in 1989.	École Camondo	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hafford is a town in Redberry No. 435, Saskatchewan, Canada consisting of 360 residents at the 2006 Canada Census.	Hafford	Redberry No. 435, Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duncans Point is a cape on the Pacific Coast of northern California in the United States.	Duncans Point	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siemień-Kolonia (ˈɕɛmjɛɲ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Siemień-Kolonia	Gmina Siemień
located in the administrative territorial entity	KESN (103.3 FM) is a Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas based sports talk radio station.	KESN	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ansonia Apartments, located at 2221-23 Jones Street in the Midtown area of Omaha, Nebraska.	Ansonia Apartments	Omaha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strathroy (Blue Yonder) Airport (TC LID: CPK2), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) east of Strathroy-Caradoc, Ontario, Canada.	Strathroy (Blue Yonder) Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baciu (Hungarian: Kisbács; German: Botschendorf) is a commune in Cluj County, located in the region of Transylvania, in the northwestern part of Romania.	Baciu	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raymond and Catherine Fisher House is a house located in northeast Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Raymond and Catherine Fisher House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slade Hall (anciently Milkwall Slade) is Grade II* listed mansion located on Slade Lane in Longsight, Manchester.	Slade Hall	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elm Grange, also known as Evergreen Acres and denoted N-5181, was a historic home located at Odessa, New Castle County, Delaware.	Elm Grange	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kureh-ye Sofla (Persian: كوره سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūreh-ye Soflá; also known as Kūreh-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District, Anzal District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kureh-ye Sofla	Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Jafar (Persian: شيخ جعفر‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Ja``far) is a village in Qaslan Rural District, Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 708, in 185 families.	Sheykh Jafar	Qaslan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huangshi (simplified Chinese: 黄石; traditional Chinese: 黃石; pinyin: Huángshí; literally: ``yellow rock'') is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Huangshi	Hubei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łówcze (ˈwuft͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łówcze	Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giroc (Hungarian: Gyüreg) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Giroc	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribeira de Pena (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁiˈβɐjɾɐ ðɨ ˈpenɐ)) is a municipality in the Vila Real District, in Norte Region in Portugal.	Ribeira de Pena	Vila Real District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Tuggeranong, an artificial lake sourced the confluence of Tuggeranong Creek and stormwater discharge from urban and rural areas, is located in the Tuggeranong district of Canberra, within the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.	Lake Tuggeranong	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žeravica (Serbian: Жеравица) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žeravica	Gradiška
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timbalier Island is an island off southeastern Louisiana in the United States.	Timbalier Island	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Hatteras Light is a lighthouse located on Hatteras Island in the Outer Banks in the town of Buxton, North Carolina and is part of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore.	Cape Hatteras Light	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bennacott is a village in east Cornwall, England, in the United Kingdom.	Bennacott	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biskupice Oławskie (biskuˈpit͡sɛ ɔˈwafskʲɛ) (German: Bischwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Biskupice Oławskie	Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trątkownica (trɔntkɔvˈnit͡sa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trątkownica	Gmina Somonino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paragould High School is a public school serving grades nine through twelve located in Paragould, Arkansas.	Paragould High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bassett Hall is an 18th-century farmhouse located in Williamsburg, Virginia.	Bassett Hall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angiz (Persian: انگيز‎, also Romanized as Angīz) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Angiz	Razliq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amir Salari (Persian: اميرسالاري‎, also Romanized as Amīr Sālārī; also known as Amīr Sālār) is a village in Rahgan Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Amir Salari	Khafr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckingham Correctional Center is a state prison (close custody male institution) located on 968 acres (3.9 km²) outside the town of Dillwyn in Buckingham County, Virginia, USA.	Buckingham Correctional Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wang Ithok (Thai: วังอิทก) is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Wang Ithok	Bang Rakam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodgate is a farmstead in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Bodgate	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huillapima is a town and municipio in the Capayán Department of Catamarca Province, Argentina.	Huillapima	Capayán Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gadepalli is the name of a village in Telangana, India.	Gadepalli	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Utskarpen is a village in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway, about 37 kilometres (23 mi) west of the town of Mo i Rana.	Utskarpen	Rana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barbours Cut Container Terminal, or simply the Barbours Cut Terminal, is a major deep water port in the Greater Houston area in the U.S. state of Texas.	Barbours Cut Terminal	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ligah (Persian: ليگاه‎, also Romanized as Līgāh; also known as Legā) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ligah	Jennat Rudbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Three Sisters Wilderness is a wilderness area in the Cascade Range, within the Willamette and Deschutes National Forests in Oregon.	Three Sisters Wilderness	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower, at 1 Hanson Place between Ashland Place and St. Felix Street in Brooklyn, New York City, is one of the borough's architectural icons.	Williamsburgh Savings Bank	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Cis (ˈnɔvɨ ˈt͡ɕis) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowy Cis	Gmina Zblewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2750, or FM 2750, in eastern Texas (USA), runs about 2.79 miles (4.49 km) from an intersection with FM 2064 northwest of New Summerfield, east to an intersection with SH 110.	Farm to Market Road 2750	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Cruz Civic Auditorium is an event and convention venue located in downtown Santa Cruz, California.	Santa Cruz Civic Auditorium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baldwin Hall, also known as the Cross Roads Church, was built as the Severn Crossroads Methodist Episcopal Church and is currently a historic church at Millersville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland.	Cross Roads Church	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Cruz de la Salceda is a municipality and town in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	Santa Cruz de la Salceda	province of Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barron Falls (Aboriginal: Din Din) is a steep tiered cascade waterfall on the Barron River located where the river descends from the Atherton Tablelands to the Cairns coastal plain, in Queensland, Australia.	Barron Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chitrakoot district (Hindi: चित्रकूट जिला) is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and Chitrakoot town is the district headquarters.	Chitrakoot district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vemb lies in Vemb Parish, which belongs to Holstebro Municipality in Region Midtjylland.	Vemb	Holstebro Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salu Kola (Persian: سلوكلا‎, also Romanized as Salū Kolā) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Salu Kola	Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fraserburgh (/ˈfreɪzərbrə/; Scots: The Broch or Faithlie, Scottish Gaelic: A' Bhruaich) is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland with a population recorded in the 2001 Census at 12,454 and estimated at 12,630 in 2006.	Fraserburgh	Aberdeenshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roberto Clemente Memorial Park is maintained by the Department of Parks and Recreation, City of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in honor of Pittsburgh Pirates great Roberto Clemente.	Roberto Clemente Memorial Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spanish Fork River or Spanish Fork is a river in the U.S. state of Utah.	Spanish Fork River	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świniary Małe (ɕfiˈɲarɨ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Blumenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Świniary Małe	Gmina Wołczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dam Boz (Persian: دم بز‎) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dam Boz	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manlava (Persian: من لوا‎, also Romanized as Manlavā) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Manlava	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grove Field (FAA LID: 1W1) is a public airport located three miles (5 km) north of the central business district of Camas, a city in Clark County, Washington, United States.	Grove Field	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benipur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi: बेनीपुर विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is an assembly constituency in Darbhanga districtof the Bihar,India.	Benipur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Darbhanga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koszuty Małe (kɔˈʂutɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Koszuty Małe	Gmina Słupca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okay, Arkansas is an unincorporated community in Howard County, Arkansas, United States.	Okay, Arkansas	Howard County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greylings Pass, Is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the regional road R396, between Dordrecht, Eastern Cape and Barkly East.	Greylings Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hood River County School District (HRCSD) is a public school district in Hood River County, Oregon, United States that serves the communities of Cascade Locks, Hood River, Odell, Pine Grove, and Parkdale.	Hood River County School District	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clapham-Stern House, also known as Wenlo and originally known as Stone House, is a historic mansion located at Roslyn Harbor in Nassau County, New York.	Clapham-Stern House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen's Park Hippodrome in Harpurhey, Manchester, England, was built on the site of an old tramshed and opened on 25 April 1904.	Queen's Park Hippodrome	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyt-e Omm ol Heyal (Persian: خيطام الحيل‎, also Romanized as Khey-e Omm ol Ḩeyal and Kheyt-e Ommolḥeyl) is a village in Azadeh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kheyt-e Omm ol Heyal	Azadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edwin Forrest House (a.k.a. Gaul-Forrest House) is a house in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania built in 1853-54 for William Gaul, a wealthy brewer.	Edwin Forrest House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varalotti is a village of the Virudhunagar district in Tamil Nadu, India.	Varalotti	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reinfeld Abbey was a Cistercian monastery in Reinfeld near Bad Oldesloe in Schleswig-Holstein in northern Germany.	Reinfeld Abbey	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahua (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 21 Hajipur (Lok Sabha constituency) (SC).	Mahua (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Hajipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alijuq (Persian: عليجوق‎, also Romanized as ``Alījūq) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 171, in 44 families.	Alijuq	Tork-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Hand Building is a mixed-use high rise building in Birmingham, Alabama, USA, with a height of 287 feet (87 m).	John Hand Building	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treysa station (German: Bahnhof Treysa) is a train station in Schwalmstadt, Hesse, on the Main--	Treysa station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esther Shiner Stadium is a multi-purpose outdoor sports facility in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Esther Shiner Stadium	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrea is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 1,064 inhabitants in 2010.	Skrea	Falkenberg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sztabinki (ʂtaˈbiŋki), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Sztabinki	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osney or Osney Island (/ˈoʊzni/; an earlier spelling of the name is Oseney) is a riverside community in the west of the city of Oxford, England.	Osney	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gocławice (ɡɔt͡swaˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Gützelfitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gocławice	Gmina Karnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chetham's Library in Manchester, England, is the oldest free public reference library in the United Kingdom.	Chetham's Library	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuckahoe State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area located along Tuckahoe Creek in Caroline and Queen Anne's counties on the Eastern Shore of Maryland.	Tuckahoe State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Mortazavi (Persian: حسين ابادمرتضوي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Mortaz̤avī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Mortazavi	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wydrzynów (vɨˈdʐɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pajęczno, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wydrzynów	Gmina Pajęczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takhini Hot Springs (tɑːkiːniː) is a natural hot springs located just outside the border of Whitehorse, Yukon (28 km from city centre).	Takhini Hot Springs	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bottenbroich Abbey, later Bottenbroich Priory (German: Kloster Bottenbroich), was a former Cistercian religious house located in Bottenbroich, now in Frechen, about three kilometres north-east of Kerpen, in the present Rhein-Erft-Kreis of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Bottenbroich Abbey	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glacier View Dam was proposed in 1943 on the North Fork of the Flathead River, on the western border of Glacier National Park in Montana.	Glacier View Dam	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stričići (Serbian Cyrillic: Стричићи) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stričići	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rolandseck is a borough of Remagen in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Rolandseck	Remagen
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTRY-FM (98.3 FM, ``98.3 TRY''), is a classic hits station licensed to Rotterdam, New York and serving New York's Capital District and Mohawk Valley.	WTRY-FM	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzepnowo (ʐɛpˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rzepnowo	Gmina Pyrzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcobendas (Spanish pronunciation: (alkoˈβendas)) is a city located in the Community of Madrid, central Spain.	Alcobendas	Community of Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Philip Eames House is a historic house at 88 Stone House Road in Washington, Massachusetts, near the junction with Summit Hill Road.	Philip Eames House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorramshahr County ((xoræmˈʃæhɾ), Persian: شهرستان خرمشهر‎) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran.	Khorramshahr County	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archeological Site 38CK1, also known as the Upton Site, is a historic archaeological site located near Gaffney, Cherokee County, South Carolina.	Archeological Site 38CK1	Cherokee County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dutch Neck Elementary School is a public lower elementary school for grades K to 3 located in West Windsor Township, New Jersey, United States.	Dutch Neck Elementary School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Summer of Love was a social phenomenon that occurred during the summer of 1967, when as many as 100,000 people converged in the Haight-Ashbury neighborhood of San Francisco.	Summer of Love	Haight-Ashbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bongarun (Persian: بنگرون‎, also Romanized as Bongarūn; also known as Bongarū) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bongarun	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens is a center for Japanese arts and culture located west of Delray Beach in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States.	Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William F. Perry Monument is an historical gravestone located at Fairview Cemetery in Bowling Green, Kentucky.	William F. Perry Monument	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenzhen ((ʂə́nʈʂə̂n); Chinese: 深圳) is a major city in Guangdong Province, China.	Shenzhen	Guangdong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinhal Grande (Portuguese meaning ``large pine forest'') is a municipality of the central part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Pinhal Grande	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marqach (Persian: مرقچ‎) is a village in Alqurat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Marqach	Alqurat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sjedove (Ukrainian: Сєдове; Russian: Седово) is a urban-type settlement in Novoazovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine.	Sjedove	Novoazovsk Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roswell and Elizabeth Garst Farmstead Historic District is a farm in Guthrie County, Iowa, United States, near the city of Coon Rapids.	Roswell and Elizabeth Garst Farmstead Historic District	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenboi is a village located 1 mile North of the town Mountain Ash in the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales The English translation of Glenboi is Wood Valley, ``Glen'' meaning a ``small valley'' and ``boi'' meaning ``wood''	Glenboi	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pinnacle Apartments is the tallest building in Newcastle, New South Wales, in Australia.	Pinnacle Apartments	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Librizzi (Sicilian: Libbrizzi) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 140 kilometres (87 mi) east of Palermo and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of Messina, on a hill between the Timeto and Librizzi streams.	Librizzi	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stetson University is a private, nonprofit university with four colleges and schools located across the I-4 corridor in Central Florida, United States, with the primary undergraduate campus located in DeLand.	Stetson University	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Diamond Mines Regional Preserve is a 6,000-acre (2,400 ha) park located north of Mount Diablo in Contra Costa County, California under the administration of the East Bay Regional Park District.	Black Diamond Mines Regional Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keydan (Persian: كيدان‎, also Romanized as Keydān, Khaidūn, and Kheydūn) is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Keydan	Shirvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Jose City College, founded in 1921, is a community college located in the city of San Jose, Santa Clara County, California.	San Jose City College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moatfield Ossuary was accidentally discovered during the expansion of a soccer field located in North York, Ontario in the summer of 1997.	Moatfield Ossuary	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilton is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 8 miles (12.9 km) south-east of Taunton, and 2 miles (3.2 km) north of Ilminster in the South Somerset district.	Ilton	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarudnia (zaˈrudɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Zarudnia	Gmina Ruda-Huta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yarra Valley is the name given to the region surrounding the Yarra River in Victoria, Australia.	Yarra Valley	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Kheyl-e Arateh (Persian: ابوخيل ارطه‎, also Romanized as Abū Kheyl-e Araţeh and Ābū Kheyl Araţeh; also known as Abūḩeyl-e Arateh) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Abu Kheyl-e Arateh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rig Deraz (Persian: ريگ دراز‎, also Romanized as Rīg Derāz) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District, Tukahur District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Rig Deraz	Cheraghabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reitz Home Museum is a Victorian house museum located in the Riverside Historic District in downtown Evansville, Indiana.	Reitz Home Museum	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnogórki (tarnɔˈɡurki) (German: Stephanshöhe) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Tarnogórki	Gmina Widuchowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harduaganj (Hindi: हरदुआगंज) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Aligarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Harduaganj	Aligarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Três Marias is a Brazilian municipality΄ in northwestern Minas Gerais.	Três Marias	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skipanon River is a tributary of the Columbia River, approximately 7 miles (11 km) long, on the Pacific coast of northwest Oregon in the United States.	Skipanon River	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaduney-e Vosta (Persian: كادوني وسطي‎, also Romanized as Kādūney-e Vosţá; also known as Delbar Sādāt-e Vosţá and Delbar Sādāt) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kaduney-e Vosta	Veysian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Hillside is a neighborhood in Duluth, Minnesota, United States; located directly uphill from the city's downtown.	Central Hillside	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plaza de la Patrona de Canarias (in English Square of the Saint Patron of the Canary Islands) is a large square in Candelaria, Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain).	Plaza de la Patrona de Canarias	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zenash (Persian: زنش‎) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zenash	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The York Central Market, also known as Central Market York, is a historic public market located at York, Pennsylvania, York County, Pennsylvania.	York Central Market	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowalewice Nowe (kɔvalɛˈvit͡sɛ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kowalewice Nowe	Gmina Świercze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellsville, Colorado is a small unincorporated community located on U.S. Highway 50 in western Fremont County, Colorado.	Wellsville, Colorado	Fremont County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKHY (``93.5 KHY'') is an FM radio station licensed to the city of Lafayette, Indiana.	WKHY	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahnehbid (Persian: كهنه بيد‎, also Romanized as Kahnehbīd) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kahnehbid	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Rahmat (Persian: اب رحمت‎, also Romanized as Āb Raḩmat) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ab Rahmat	Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dingestow (pronounced /ˈdɪndʒstoʊ/ DINJ-stoh, Welsh: Llanddingad) is a small village in Monmouthshire, Wales.	Dingestow	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Rock Union Station, also known as Mopac Station, is a train station in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States served by Amtrak, the national railroad passenger system.	Little Rock Union Station	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Friends Meetinghouse and School is an historic Quaker meeting house and adjacent school building at the corner of Schermerhorn Street and Boerum Place in the Boerum Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.	Friends Meetinghouse and School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Guyz (Persian: كاني گويز‎‎, also Romanized as Kānī Gūyz) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Guyz	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meeting House of the Second Parish in Woburn is a historic Congregational church at 12 Lexington Street in Burlington, Massachusetts.	Meeting House of the Second Parish in Woburn	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golbahar-e Olya (Persian: گل بهارعليا‎, also Romanized as Golbahār-e ``Olyā) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 12 families.	Golbahar-e Olya	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Stocki (ˈlas ˈstɔt͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskowola, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Las Stocki	Gmina Końskowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darsavin (Persian: دارساوين‎, also Romanized as Darsāvīn) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darsavin	Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Memorial Hospital (also known as ``Jackson'' or abbreviated ``JMH'') is a non-profit, tertiary care teaching hospital and the major teaching hospital of the University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine in Miami, Florida.	Jackson Memorial Hospital	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Punta Gorda Atlantic Coast Line Depot is a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad depot in Punta Gorda, Florida, United States.	Punta Gorda Atlantic Coast Line Depot	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radeh-ye Sadat (Persian: رده سادات‎, also Romanized as Radeh-ye Sādāt; also known as Sādāt) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Radeh-ye Sadat	Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Södermanland County (Södermanlands län) is a county or län on the southeast coast of Sweden.	Södermanland County	Sweden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punta Secca is a small fishing village, a frazione in the Santa Croce Camerina comune, in Ragusa province, Sicily.	Punta Secca	Santa Croce Camerina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miami Valley School (MVS) is an independent school for grades Pre-K through 12, located in Dayton, Ohio, founded in 1964.	The Miami Valley School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zahed Mahmud (Persian: زاهدمحمود‎, also Romanized as Zāhed Maḩmūd; also known as Zād Maḩmūd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zahed Mahmud	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duyun (simplified Chinese: 都匀; traditional Chinese: 都勻; pinyin: Dūyún) is the capital of Qiannan Buyei and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in Guizhou province in the People's Republic of China.	Duyun	Qiannan Buyei and Miao Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maple Leaf Mills Silos was one of two silo complexes that built the area between Spadina Quay and Maple Leaf Quay, on Toronto Harbour, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Maple Leaf Mills Silos	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John B. Tytus House was the Middletown, Ohio, United States home of John Butler Tytus, who invented a practical hot wide-strip continuous steel-rolling process.	John B. Tytus House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eltham (/ˈɛltəm/) is a suburban district of south east London, England, in the Royal Borough of Greenwich.	Eltham	Royal Borough of Greenwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chicago Theological Seminary (CTS) is an Christian ecumenical American seminary located in Chicago, Illinois, and is one of several seminaries historically affiliated with the United Church of Christ.	Chicago Theological Seminary	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rigaer Straße is a street in Friedrichshain, Berlin that runs from Bersarinplatz in the west to the railway station Frankfurter Allee in the east.	Rigaer Straße	Friedrichshain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolah Kaj (Persian: كلاه كج‎‎, also Romanized as Kolāh Kaj) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kolah Kaj	Yusefvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knife Point Glacier is on the east side Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Knife Point Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snatchwood is a small, predominantly working class suburb to the north of Pontypool, Torfaen in Wales.	Snatchwood	Torfaen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varnhalt is a district of Baden-Baden in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany.	Varnhalt	Baden-Baden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victoria Palace Theatre is a West End theatre in Victoria Street, in the City of Westminster, opposite Victoria Station.	Victoria Palace Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmony Heights School is a special education federally funded school for behaviorally and emotionally disturbed girls in East Norwich, New York.	Harmony Heights School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrzętla-Rojówka (ˈskʂɛntla rɔˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Skrzętla-Rojówka	Gmina Łososina Dolna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Creek Lake is a lake in McCurtain County and Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, USA.	Pine Creek Lake	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bankers Life Fieldhouse is an indoor arena located in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana, USA.	Bankers Life Fieldhouse	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sepah Mahalleh (Persian: سپاه محله‎, also Romanized as Sepāh Maḩalleh; also known as Sepāh-e Dānesh) is a village in Pazevar Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sepah Mahalleh	Pazevar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Melbourne Maritime Museum, now Polly Woodside, managed by the National Trust of Australia, is situated in South Wharf on the Yarra River in the city of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne Maritime Museum	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martellago is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Venice, in the Italian region of Veneto.	Martellago	Province of Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apsey Beach is a fishing settlement of the Bay of Islands on the north side of Humber Arm in the St. George District in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Apsey Beach	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pennypit Park is a sports complex located in the town of Prestonpans in Scotland.	Pennypit Park	Prestonpans
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James A. Ramage Civil War Museum seeks to tell the untold story of Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky's involvement in the American Civil War.	James A. Ramage Civil War Museum	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wooster Nagar is the name of a small fishing village in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Wooster Nagar	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copperlode Dam or Lake Morris is a fresh water reservoir dam servicing the city of Cairns, Queensland, Australia.	Copperlode Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wheeler Geologic Area is a highly eroded outcropping of layers of volcanic ash, located in the La Garita Mountains of Mineral County, in southern Colorado in the western United States about 10 miles east north-east of Creede.	Wheeler Geologic Area	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galeh Chogah (Persian: گله چگاه‎, also Romanized as Galeh Chogāh) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Galeh Chogah	Sadat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaqfak (Persian: وقفك‎) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Vaqfak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galway Lake is located west of Galway (village), New York, in the town of Galway in Saratoga County, New York, USA.	Galway Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boathouse on the Lullwater of the Lake in Prospect Park is located in the eastern part of Prospect Park on the northeast shore of The Lake, southeast of the Ravine District in Brooklyn, New York.	Boathouse on the Lullwater of the Lake in Prospect Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tălmaciu (German: Talmesch; Hungarian: Nagytalmács) is a town in Sibiu County, in central Romania, 20 km south of the county capital Sibiu.	Tălmaciu	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLVH is a iHeartMedia, Inc.-owned Urban AC radio station in Savannah, Georgia.	WLVH	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rakvere (German: Wesenberg or Wesenbergh, Russian: Раквере) is a town in northern Estonia and the county seat of Lääne-Viru County, 20 km south of the Gulf of Finland.	Rakvere	Lääne-Viru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCAJ-FM is an Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Roseau, Minnesota, serving Northwest Minnesota, Southeast Manitoba, and Northwest Ontario.	KCAJ-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Habeeb is a reservoir of 243 acres (0.98 km2) and is located in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.	Lake Habeeb	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steggerda (West Frisian: Steggerde) is the third largest village of the Dutch municipality of Weststellingwerf.	Steggerda	Weststellingwerf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn State New Kensington, located 25 miles (40 km) northeast of Pittsburgh in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, is one of twenty-four campuses that make up Pennsylvania State University.	Penn State New Kensington	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enfield Falls Mill and Miller's House, also known as Treman House and Mill, is a historic grist mill and former millowner's residence located at Robert H. Treman State Park near Ithaca in Tompkins County, New York.	Enfield Falls Mill and Miller's House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donja Lupljanica (Serbian: Доња Лупљаница) is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donja Lupljanica	Derventa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Welland River is a river in the Niagara Region of southern Ontario which flows from its headwaters south of Hamilton, Ontario to empty into the Niagara River near the city of Niagara Falls, Ontario.	Welland River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mathematics, Civics and Sciences Charter School (MCSCS) is a charter school serving students in grades 1--12 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.	Mathematics, Civics and Sciences Charter School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1450 (FM 1450) is a Farm to Market Road in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).	Farm to Market Road 1450	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harlingen Air Force Base, originally Harlingen Army Airfield, is a former United States Air Force base located in northeast Harlingen, Texas, United States.	Harlingen Air Force Base	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranger College is a community college located in Ranger, Texas, a small town 90 miles (140 km) west of Fort Worth, Texas.	Ranger College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yemmiganur or Emmiganur is a municipal town and mandal headquarters in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Yemmiganur	Kurnool district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jätkäsaari (Swedish: Busholmen) is a peninsula and a quarter in Helsinki, the capital city of Finland.	Jätkäsaari	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kralendijk (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkraːlə(n)ˌdɛi̯k)) is the capital city and main port of the island of Bonaire in the Caribbean Netherlands.	Kralendijk	Bonaire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dryden Theatre is located within the George Eastman House, in Rochester, New York in the United States.	Dryden Theatre	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosecroft Raceway, nicknamed the ``Raceway by the Beltway'' for being close to Interstate 495, is a harness racing track in Fort Washington, Maryland.	Rosecroft Raceway	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lebanon National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located just outside the city of Lebanon in Marion County, Kentucky.	Lebanon National Cemetery	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjil-e Boneh (Persian: انجيل بنه‎, also Romanized as Anjīl-e Boneh and Anjīl Beneh) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Anjil-e Boneh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrews Bald is the 62nd-highest mountain in North Carolina , and is located entirely within Swain County.	Andrews Bald	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mercer West Tower is a 30-story, 401 ft (122 m) high-rise condominium building located on Sage Street in the uptown district of Houston, Texas, United States.	The Mercer West Tower	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJHR-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 98.7 FM, in Renfrew, Ontario with a community radio format.	CJHR-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Kan (Persian: دهكن‎) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sugar Loaf Bay is a bay in the Upernavik Archipelago in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Sugar Loaf Bay	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camp Jordan Arena is a 4,000-seat multi-purpose arena in East Ridge, Tennessee (a suburb of Chattanooga) built in 1993.	Camp Jordan Arena	East Ridge, Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herridge Lake is a lake in the Temagami region of northern Ontario.	Herridge Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sealers' Oven is a man-made structure of mud and stone located at 34° 53' 40.6`` S 118° 20' 2.3'' E on Waychinicup Inlet near Albany, Western Australia.	Sealers' Oven	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crystal Geyser is located on the east bank of the Green River approximately 4.5 miles (7.25 km) downstream from Green River, Utah.	Crystal Geyser	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyckoff-Snediker Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery located in the Woodhaven section of the New York City borough of Queens.	Wyckoff-Snediker Family Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Newark Congregational Church and Cemetery is a historic Congregational church and cemetery located at Newark Valley in Tioga County, New York.	West Newark Congregational Church and Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasienin-Kolonia (kraˈɕenin kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krasienin-Kolonia	Gmina Niemce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avalon Gardens is a public housing project with 80 units at 701 East 88th Place, Los Angeles, California .	Avalon Gardens	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kochanów Wieniawski (kɔˈxanuf vjɛˈɲafski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kochanów Wieniawski	Gmina Wieniawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bancroft's castle was built by General William Bancroft in 1906 atop Gibbet Hill in Groton, Massachusetts.	Bancroft's castle	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lock and Dam No. 10 is a lock and dam located in Guttenberg, Iowa on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 615.0.	Lock and Dam No. 10	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razgrad Province (Bulgarian: Област Разград (Oblast Razgrad), former name Razgrad okrug) is a province in Northeastern Bulgaria, geographically part of the Ludogorie region.	Razgrad Province	Bulgaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great American Tower at Queen City Square, is a 41-story, 665-foot-tall (203 m) skyscraper in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Great American Tower at Queen City Square	Cincinnati
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prynowo (prɨˈnɔvɔ) (German: Prinowen, from 1938-45 Primsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Prynowo	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Nur-e Sehtan (Persian: اقانورسه تن‎, also Romanized as Āqā Nūr-e Sehtan) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Aqa Nur-e Sehtan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethabara Moravian Church facility was built in 1788 in what is now Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	Bethabara Moravian Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northglade Montessori Magnet School is a public elementary magnet school for students grades K-5, operated by the Kalamazoo Public Schools, located in Kalamazoo, Michigan, USA.	Northglade Montessori Magnet School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eimhjellevatnet or Emhjellevatnet (also known as Storfjorden) is a lake in Hyen area of Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Eimhjellevatnet	Gloppen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kay Vosheh (Persian: كايوشه‎, also Romanized as Kāy Vosheh, Kāy Vasheh, and Kīvosheh; also known as Kāewasheh and Kā’ī Vacheh) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kay Vosheh	Quri Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiwassee Dam High School (HDHS) in Murphy, North Carolina serves grades 9-12 and is one of only three high schools in the Cherokee County Schools.	Hiwassee Dam High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbas Kuh (Persian: عباسكوه‎, also Romanized as ``Abbās Kūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 477, in 122 families.	Abbas Kuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Shamineau is a Christian camp located just outside Motley, Minnesota.	Camp Shamineau	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Squaw Mountain Resort is a ski area in Greenville, Maine.	Big Squaw Mountain Resort	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deansboro Railroad Station is a late nineteenth century train depot in the hamlet of Deansboro in Oneida County, New York.	Deansboro Railroad Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talkhab-e Hamzeh Ali (Persian: تلخاب حمزه علي‎, also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Ḩamzeh ``Alī) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 101, in 18 families.	Talkhab-e Hamzeh Ali	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winnemucca Municipal Airport (IATA: WMC, ICAO: KWMC, FAA LID: WMC) is six miles southwest of Winnemucca, in Humboldt County, Nevada.	Winnemucca Municipal Airport	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Afra (Persian: چهارافرا‎, also Romanized as Chahār Afrā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chahar Afra	Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capital Region International Airport (IATA: LAN, ICAO: KLAN, FAA LID: LAN), formerly Lansing Capital City Airport, is a public, Class C airport located 3 miles (5 km) northwest of downtown Lansing in DeWitt Township, Michigan.	Capital Region International Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pocomoke River stretches approximately 66 miles (106 km) from southern Delaware through southeastern Maryland in the United States.	Pocomoke River	Delaware	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Creighton Avenue in Crafton, Pennsylvania, was platted in 1895.	Creighton Avenue	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dammaiguda is an outer suburb of Hyderabad in Rangareddy district in Telangana, India.	Dammaiguda	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yali Qurt (Persian: يالي قورت‎, also Romanized as Yālī Qūrt) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yali Qurt	Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dames Point Bridge (officially the Napoleon Bonaparte Broward Bridge) is a cable-stayed bridge over the St. Johns River in Jacksonville, Florida on the Interstate 295 East Beltway.	Dames Point Bridge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopperstad Stave Church (Norwegian: Hopperstad stavkyrkje) is a stave church, just outside the village of Vikøyri in Vik Municipality, Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Hopperstad Stave Church	Vik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arpa Tappehsi (Persian: ارپاتپه سي‎, also Romanized as Ārpā Tappehsī and Ārpātappahsī; also known as Ārpā Tappeh, Arpatepe, and Meseh Chāy) is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Arpa Tappehsi	Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narrows Pond is actually two small twin lakes in Winthrop, Maine.	Narrows Pond	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	New York Mountain Trail is in the northwestern Sawatch Range, part of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado.	New York Mountain Trail	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hovorany (German Howoran) is a village and municipality (obec) in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Hovorany	Hodonín District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles O. Boynton House is located in the DeKalb County, Illinois, city of Sycamore.	Charles O. Boynton House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lekarzewice (lɛkaʐɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lekarzewice	Gmina Osięciny
located in the administrative territorial entity	RAF Buckminster is a former Royal Air Force base located 2.25 miles (3.62 km) west of Colsterworth, Lincolnshire and 9.3 miles (15.0 km) north east of Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, England.	RAF Buckminster	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małe Rokitki (ˈmawɛ rɔˈkitki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Małe Rokitki	Gmina Tczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Town Centre Montessori Private Schools (TCMPS) is a private co-educational Montessori-based school in Markham, Ontario, Canada, founded in 1986.	Town Centre Montessori Private School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qezel Yul (Persian: قزل يول‎, also Romanized as Qezel Yūl; also known as Qezel Yāl and Qezel Yol) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Yul	Keyvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dunellen Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Dunellen, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.	Dunellen Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	ADNOC Headquarters is a skyscraper office complex located in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates and is the corporate headquarters of the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC).	ADNOC Headquarters	Abu Dhabi
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Cascades National Park Complex is a complex of the United States National Park Service (NPS) located in the north-central portion of the state of Washington.	North Cascades National Park Complex	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phelps Mansion, formerly known as The Monday Afternoon Clubhouse, is a three story brick and stone mansion located on Court Street in Binghamton, New York.	Phelps Mansion	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagylapos is a village situated in the peaceful Kálmánháza Nagylapos in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County, Hungary, located near the city of Gyomaendrőd and Hortobágy National Park.	Nagylapos	Gyomaendrőd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyr Qoli (Persian: خيرقلي‎, also Romanized as Kheyr Qolī) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kheyr Qoli	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rabor Rural District (Persian: دهستان رابر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rabor Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góry Wysokie (ˈɡurɨ vɨˈsɔkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Góry Wysokie	Gmina Dwikozy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbęchy (ˈzbɛ̃xɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zbęchy	Gmina Krzywiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Kolonowskie, German Gemeinde Colonnowska is an urban-rural gmina (township) in Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in Upper Silesia in Poland.	Gmina Kolonowskie	Strzelce County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brainerd Water Tower is located at Sixth and Washington in Brainerd in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Brainerd Water Tower	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Utti Airport (IATA: UTI, ICAO: EFUT) (Finnish: Utin lentoasema) is a military airport located in Utti, Kouvola, Finland, 7 nautical miles (13 km; 8 mi) east of Kouvola city centre.	Utti Airport	Kouvola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission San Fernando Rey de España is a Spanish mission in the Mission Hills district of Los Angeles, California.	Mission San Fernando Rey de España	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lay-e Bidun (Persian: لاي بيدون‎, also Romanized as Lāy-e Bīdūn and Lāy-ye Bīdūn) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Lay-e Bidun	Nasrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Towers at Harbor Court is a residential high-rise complex in Baltimore, Maryland.	Towers at Harbor Court	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bibi Hanna (Persian: بي بي حنا‎, also Romanized as 'Bībī Ḩannā; also known as Zīāratgāh-e Bībī Ḩannā) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bibi Hanna	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boesmanshoek Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape, on the Regional R397 (Eastern Cape), the road between Molteno, Eastern Cape and Sterkstroom (South Africa)	Boesmanshoek Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flamengos is a Portuguese civil parish (Portuguese: freguesia) on the island of Faial in the archipelago of the Azores.	Flamengos	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunt Airport (FAA LID: 9R5) is a privately owned, public use airport in San Patricio County, Texas, United States.	Hunt Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campanha is a town (município) in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.	Campanha	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Króle Małe (ˈkrulɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Króle Małe	Gmina Andrzejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rędziny-Kolonia (rɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rędziny-Kolonia	Gmina Żytno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodward's Building was a historic building in the Downtown Eastside of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Woodward's Building	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lepaki Małe (lɛˈpaki ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Lepacken (1938-45:Klein Ramecksfelde)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lepaki Małe	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	19th Street Bridge is a two-span through Pratt truss road bridge in Denver, Colorado, over the South Platte River, now used for pedestrians.	19th Street Bridge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashele (Marathi: कशेळे ) is a village near the city of Karjat, in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Kashele	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mathra is a village in Kollam district in the Indian state of Kerala, located near the town of Punalur.	Mathra	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herald Square is formed by the intersection of Broadway, Sixth Avenue (officially named Avenue of the Americas), and 34th Street in the borough of Manhattan in New York City.	Herald Square	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jura Kola (Persian: جوراكلا‎, also Romanized as Jūrā Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jura Kola	Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toppeladugård Castle (Swedish: Toppeladugårds slott) is a castle in Lund Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Toppeladugård Castle	Lund Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hochstollen is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located between the Klein Melchtal and the Melchtal in the canton of Obwalden.	Hochstollen	Obwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fortunato Anselmo House, also known as the Ronald L. Beers House, is a house built in 1903 in Late Victorian style in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Fortunato Anselmo House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holyrood Elementary School is a bilingual school in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada named after Holyrood Palace in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Holyrood Elementary School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pusch Ridge Christian Academy is a private school located in northwest Tucson, Arizona on a 48 acres (190,000 m2) campus.	Pusch Ridge Christian Academy	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chehel Dokhtaran minaret (Persian: مناره چهل دختران‎‎) is a historical minaret in Isfahan, Iran.	Chehel Dokhtaran minaret	Isfahan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western River Wilderness Protection Area, formerly the Western River Conservation Park, is a protected area on the north coast of Kangaroo Island, South Australia, about 30 km west of Parndana.	Western River Wilderness Protection Area	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legnaro is a comune in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of Venice and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) southeast of Padua.	Legnaro	Province of Padua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barker & Nourse was an architectural firm from Worcester, Massachusetts.	Barker & Nourse	Worcester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottawa Technical Secondary School (name changed as of May 1st, 2010) is an Ottawa-Carleton District School Board high school in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Technical Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casper, WY Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) with the principal city being Casper in central State of Wyoming.	Casper, WY Metropolitan Statistical Area	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elmira Civic Historic District is the area of downtown Elmira, New York where the governmental center developed in the town's early history.	Elmira Civic Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faith Theological Seminary is a conservative, evangelical Christian seminary founded in 1937 in Baltimore, Maryland.	Faith Theological Seminary	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Rapids, Grand Haven and Muskegon Railway Depot is a historic railway station for the Grand Rapids, Grand Haven and Muskegon Railway in Coopersville, Michigan.	Grand Rapids, Grand Haven and Muskegon Railway Depot	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarentowskie Pole (jarɛnˈtɔfskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jarentowskie Pole	Gmina Chotcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jokela (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈjɔkɛlɑ)) is one of the three administrative centers in the Finnish municipality Tuusula.	Jokela	Tuusula
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Life and Science--previously known as the North Carolina Museum of Life and Science and the NC Children's Museum--is a children's science museum located in Durham, North Carolina, USA, featuring an array of largely hands-on exhibits intended to illustrate concepts of natural science.	Museum of Life and Science	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shicheng County (Chinese: 石城县) is a county, under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou, in Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Shicheng County	Ganzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adirondak Loj is an historic lodge near Lake Placid in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State.	Adirondak Loj	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Champagnat Catholic School is a private school with campuses in Miami and Hialeah, Florida, United States.	Champagnat Catholic School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donji Vratari (Serbian: Доњи Вратари) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Donji Vratari	Aleksandrovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka Słupska (dɔmˈbrufka ˈswupska) (German: Eichenhain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dąbrówka Słupska	Gmina Szubin
located in the administrative territorial entity	WinStar Farm is an American Thoroughbred horse breeding and racing farm near Versailles, Kentucky.	WinStar Farm	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aria Resort and Casino is a luxury resort and casino, part of the CityCenter complex on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.	Aria Resort and Casino	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rampart Dam or Rampart Canyon Dam was a project proposed in 1954 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to dam the Yukon River in Alaska for hydroelectric power.	Rampart Dam	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiến Giang is a township in Lệ Thủy District, Quảng Bình Province, in the North Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Kiến Giang	Lệ Thủy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springfield Technical Community College (STCC) is the only polytechnic community college in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, located in the city of Springfield.	Springfield Technical Community College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKXS (96.1 FM, ``XS Sports 96.1'') is a commercial radio station in Redding, California, broadcasting to the Shasta & Tehama County, area.	KKXS	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yangliuqing (simplified Chinese: 杨柳青; traditional Chinese: 楊柳青; pinyin: Yángliǔqīng) is a market town in Xiqing District, in the western suburbs of Tianjin, People's Republic of China.	Yangliuqing	Xiqing District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Columbia River Highway is an approximately 75-mile-long (121 km) scenic highway in the U.S. state of Oregon between Troutdale and The Dalles, built through the Columbia River Gorge between 1913 and 1922.	Historic Columbia River Highway	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Downton is the highest summit of the 10 km (6 mi) diameter Itcha Range, located 40 km (25 mi) northeast of Anahim Lake and 33 km (21 mi) east of Far Mountain in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Downton	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serjuče (pronounced (sɛˈɾjuːtʃɛ)) is a small settlement north of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Serjuče	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokobody-Kolonia (mɔkɔˈbɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mokobody-Kolonia	Gmina Mokobody
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kusbölehelvetet is a canyon near Gräftåvallen in Berg Municipality, Jämtland County, Sweden, through which runs Helvetesbäcken (Hell creek), home to Arctic char.	Kusbölehelvetet	Berg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torshishuiyeh (Persian: ترشي شوئيه‎, also Romanized as Torshīshū’īyeh; also known as Torshī Shū) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bafq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Torshishuiyeh	Sabzdasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Gush Latif (Persian: چشمه گش لطيف‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gūsh Laṭīf; also known as Cheshmeh Gūsh and Cheshmeh Gosh) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Gush Latif	Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tijuana River Estuary is an intertidal coastal wetland at the mouth of the Tijuana River in San Diego County, California, USA bordering Tijuana, Baja California.	Tijuana River Estuary	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Bashim (Persian: كلاته بشيم‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bashīm) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Bashim	Atrak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hall Green is an area in south-east Birmingham, England.	Hall Green	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoh Rainforest is located on the Olympic Peninsula in western Washington state, USA.	Hoh Rainforest	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanton St Quintin is a small village and civil parish in the county of Wiltshire in England.	Stanton St Quintin	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Expected to be completed in celebration of its 35th year, the AMA Computer University Town is a 50-hectare property in Ara Vista Village in General Trias, Cavite It draws its inspiration from old universities in the western world that spurred rapid development in the Host Township.	AMA Computer University	General Trias
located in the administrative territorial entity	In addition to the typical bottomland habitats of the Mississippi Delta, Morgan Brake National Wildlife Refuge includes a unique mile of north-facing loess bluffs on the east side of the refuge.	Morgan Brake National Wildlife Refuge	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widoma (viˈdɔma) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwanowice, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Widoma	Gmina Iwanowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPFZ-FM is an FM radio station that broadcasts a community radio format to Lake County, California.	KPFZ-FM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastway Gardens is a small neighbourhood in Alta Vista Ward in the east end of Ottawa, Canada.	Eastway Gardens	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pathalam is a suburban region of the city of Kochi, in the state of Kerala, India.	Pathalam	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miranda do Corvo (Portuguese pronunciation: (miˈɾɐ̃dɐ ðu ˈkoɾvu)) is a town and a municipality in Coimbra District, Portugal.	Miranda do Corvo	Coimbra District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domatków (dɔˈmatkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Domatków	Gmina Kolbuszowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dada Mahalleh (Persian: دادامحله‎, also Romanized as Dādā Maḩalleh; also known as Dādād Maḩalleh) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dada Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Młodochowo (ˈstarɛ mwɔdɔˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Młodochowo	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valea Vinului (Hungarian: Szamosborhíd, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈsɒmoʃborhiːd)) is a commune of 2,334 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Valea Vinului	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiang Khian (Thai: เชียงเคี่ยน) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Thoeng District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Chiang Khian	Thoeng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paynes Creek Historic State Park is a Florida State Park located on Lake Branch Road one-half mile southeast of Bowling Green, Florida.	Paynes Creek Historic State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Bend Cowboy Hall of Fame, will be housed in a museum scheduled to open three miles east of Marfa, Texas, in 2007.	Big Bend Cowboy Hall of Fame	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Naseri (Persian: حاجي اباد ناصري‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Nāşerī) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District, Marvast District, Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Naseri	Harabarjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte San Vito is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region Marche, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Ancona, in the lower Esino valley.	Monte San Vito	Province of Ancona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sari Miri (Persian: ساري ميري‎‎, also Romanized as Sārī Mīrī; also known as Sarimiri) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sari Miri	Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tarong Power Station is a coal fired power station located on a 1,500 hectares (3,700 acres) site near the Burnett River and Nanango, in Queensland, Australia.	Tarong Power Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gedser is a town at the southern tip of the Danish island of Falster in the Guldborgsund Municipality in Sjælland region.	Gedser	Guldborgsund Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Becharof National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in the Aleutian Range of the Alaska Peninsula of southwestern Alaska.	Becharof National Wildlife Refuge	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porta Vigentina was one of the city gates in the Spanish walls of Milan, Italy.	Porta Vigentina	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée Ariana, also known as the Musée suisse de la céramique et du verre (Swiss Museum of Ceramics and Glass), is a museum in Geneva, Switzerland.	Musée Ariana	Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Southgate railway station is on the boundary of the London Borough of Barnet and the London Borough of Enfield in north London, and is in Travelcard Zone 4.	New Southgate railway station	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gregor S. and Elizabeth B. Affleck House, also known as the Affleck house, is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan in Metro Detroit.	Gregor S. and Elizabeth B. Affleck House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCarthy Beach State Park is a state park of Minnesota, USA, on the Sturgeon Lake chain near Hibbing.	McCarthy Beach State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeziorany-Kolonie (jɛʑɔˈranɨ kɔˈlɔɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jeziorany-Kolonie	Gmina Jeziorany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Band (Persian: ميان بند‎, also Romanized as Mīān Band) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mian Band	Miyan Jolgeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Mitchill in Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey, United States, at 266 feet (81 meters), is the highest headland of the United States east coast south of Maine.	Mount Mitchill	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Almahdi (Persian: شهرك المهدي‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Almahdī) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Almahdi	Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Opa-locka Company administration building is a historic site in Opa-locka, Florida.	Opa-locka Company administration building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miantang-e Olya (Persian: ميان تنگعليا‎, also Romanized as Mīāntang-e ``Olyā) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 16 families.	Miantang-e Olya	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Madul (Persian: تنگ مدول‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Madūl) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Madul	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern Union State Community College is a public, two-year college located in Wadley, Alabama, USA.	Southern Union State Community College	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wormie (ˈvɔrmjɛ) (German: Wormen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wormie	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albert Gallatin High School is a public High School, serving nearly 1,111 students (2010) in the eight south-western municipalities of Fayette County, Pennsylvania.	Albert Gallatin High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	300 Park Avenue South (previously, Mills & Gibb building; currently, The Creative Arts Center) is a building on the northwest corner of East 22nd Street in the Flatiron District/Gramercy Park neighborhoods of Manhattan, New York City.	300 Park Avenue South	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalqun (Persian: شالقون‎, also Romanized as Shālqūn; also known as Shelgun) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shalqun	Molla Yaqub Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holter Dam is a hydroelectric straight gravity dam on the Missouri River about 45 miles (72 km) northeast of Helena, Montana, in the United States.	Holter Dam	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roberta's is a New American pizzeria in Brooklyn, New York.	Roberta's	Brooklyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portsmouth Mine Pit Lake, sometimes called the Portsmouth Pit, is the deepest lake completely within the state of Minnesota.	Portsmouth Mine Pit Lake	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzecko (ˈkʂɛt͡skɔ) (formerly German Kreitzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Krzecko	Gmina Sławoborze
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temple of Saturn (Latin: Templum Saturni or Aedes Saturnus, Italian: Tempio di Saturno) is a temple to the god Saturn in ancient Rome.	Temple of Saturn	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ellis School is an independent, all-girls, college-preparatory school located in the Shadyside neighborhood in the East End of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	The Ellis School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kromolin (krɔˈmɔlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kromolin	Gmina Żukowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marconi Trail is a scenic roadway in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.	Marconi Trail	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRKV (107.3 FM, ``Variety Rock 107'') is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock music format and is licensed to Las Animas, Colorado, United States.	KRKV	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bish Aghaj (Persian: بيش اغاج‎, also Romanized as Bīsh Āghāj; also known as Besh Āghāch and Bīsheh Āghāj) is a village in Jowkar Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Bish Aghaj	Jowkar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havang-e Pain (Persian: هاونگ پائين‎, also Romanized as Hāvang-e Pā’īn; also known as Hāvanān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Havang-e Pain	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budyty (buˈdɨtɨ) (German: Vorwerk Buditten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Budyty	Gmina Małdyty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tribune Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park located on Hornby Island in British Columbia, Canada.	Tribune Bay Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jurandów (juˈranduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jurandów	Gmina Chynów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaziewo (jaˈʑevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jaziewo	Gmina Sztabin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dalton Covered Bridge, also called the Dalton Bridge, is a historic covered bridge that carries Joppa Road over the Warner River in Warner, New Hampshire.	Dalton Covered Bridge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFMU is a listener-supported, independent community radio station headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States, broadcasting at 91.1 (at 90.1 as WMFU, and at 91.9 as W219DQ) MHz FM, presenting a freeform radio format.	WFMU	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batman Highway is a two-lane rural highway in northern Tasmania.	Batman Highway	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montreal Zen Center (French: Centre Zen de Montréal) is a Sōtō/Rinzai Zen Buddhist sangha located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in the Harada Tangen/Haku'un Yasutani line .	Montreal Zen Center	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Echo Valley Ski Area is a small ski area located near Chelan, Washington, United States.	Echo Valley Ski Area	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyd Lagoon is a lagoon in the Gibson Desert of Western Australia, to the northwest of Tjirrkarli Community and to the southwest of Lake Breaden.	Boyd Lagoon	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canyon Ridge High School is a public secondary school in Twin Falls, Idaho, operated by the Twin Falls School District #411.	Canyon Ridge High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garces Memorial High School, commonly shortened to Garces High School, is a Catholic high school in Bakersfield, California.	Garces Memorial High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tinton Falls School District is a regional elementary school district in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grades.	Tinton Falls School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Konopki (kɔˈlɔɲa kɔˈnɔpkʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kolonia Konopki	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Usk (Welsh: Brynbuga) is a small town in Monmouthshire, south-east Wales, situated 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Newport.	Usk	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stroumpi or Stroumbi is a small village in central Paphos District, Cyprus, and halfway between Paphos and Polis.	Stroumpi	Paphos District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blyth Bridge is a small hamlet in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, near to West Linton.	Blyth Bridge	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunterdon County Vocational School District is a technical and vocational public school district serving students in ninth through twelfth grades and adult learners, located in Flemington, and serving the entire Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States community.	Hunterdon County Vocational School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudniczysko (rudniˈt͡ʂɨskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rudniczysko	Gmina Doruchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagiełła (jaˈɡʲɛu̯wa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tryńcza, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Jagiełła	Gmina Tryńcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Providence Street Firehouse is a historic former firestation at 98 Providence Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Providence Street Firehouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mileto (Greek: Miletos) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Vibo Valentia.	Mileto	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chengxi District (Chinese: 城西区; pinyin: Chéngxī Qū) is a district in Xining municipality, Qinghai, China.	Chengxi District	Xining
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Fear Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church near Hope Mills in Grays Creek Township, Cumberland County, North Carolina.	Cape Fear Baptist Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudbar-e Deh Sar (Persian: رودبارده سر‎, also Romanized as Rūdbār-e Deh Sar) is a village in Kojid Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rudbar-e Deh Sar	Kojid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartitan (Persian: سرتيتان‎, also Romanized as Sartītān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sartitan	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sheats Apartments, also known as L'Horizon and sometimes mistakenly as the Sheets Apartments, is a historic eight-unit, multi-family building located at 10919 Strathmore Drive, in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Sheats Apartments	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sołeczno (sɔˈwɛt͡ʂnɔ) (German: Salzwerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sołeczno	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	The History Museum at the Castle is a local history museum located in downtown Appleton, Wisconsin across College Avenue from Lawrence University.	History Museum at the Castle	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abundant Living Faith Center is a nondenominational, multicultural church in El Paso, Texas, USA, with about 20,000 members in 2009.	Abundant Living Faith Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridge Street Neck Historic District is a predominantly residential historic district in Salem, Massachusetts.	Bridge Street Neck Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Université du Québec à Montréal (UQÀM) is a comprehensive public university based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Université du Québec à Montréal	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayres Natural Bridge Park is a county park in Converse County, Wyoming in the United States.	Ayres Natural Bridge Park	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giddarbaha (Punjabi: ਗਿੱਦੜਬਾਹਾ) is a city and a municipal council in Muktsar district, in the Indian state of Punjab.	Giddarbaha	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galeh Mu (Persian: گله موه‎, also Romanized as Galeh Mū) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Galeh Mu	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markotów Duży (marˈkɔtuf ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Markotów Duży	Gmina Wołczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namba Parks (なんばパークス Nanba Pākusu) is an office and shopping complex located in Namba-naka Nichome, Naniwa-ku, Osaka, Japan, the south of Namba Station on Nankai Railway.	Namba Parks	Naniwa-ku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xlendi Tower (Maltese: Torri tax-Xlendi) is a small watchtower near Xlendi Bay, within the limits of Munxar on the island of Gozo in Malta.	Xlendi Tower	Munxar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Addison Airport Toll Tunnel, also known as the Addison Airport Tunnel and the Addison Toll Tunnel, is part of the North Texas Tollway Authority (NTTA) system and extends Keller Springs Road under the Addison Airport property.	Addison Airport Toll Tunnel	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pernik Province is a province in western Bulgaria, neighbouring Serbia.	Pernik Province	Bulgaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Bendigo was a local government area covering the central area and inner western suburbs of the regional city of Bendigo, Victoria, Australia.	City of Bendigo	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lassila (Finnish), Lassas (Swedish) is a neighborhood in western Helsinki, Finland.	Lassila	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kap Tong (Chinese: 蛤塘) is a village in the Sha Tau Kok District of Hong Kong, China.	Kap Tong	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The tiny village of Dalgarven in North Ayrshire, Scotland is located just north of Kilwinning on the road to Dalry.	Dalgarven	North Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampshire Regional High School is a regional secondary school located in Westhampton, Massachusetts for students in grades 7--12.	Hampshire Regional High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ponce de Leon Inlet Light is a lighthouse and museum located at Ponce de León Inlet in Central Florida.	Ponce de Leon Inlet Light	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turners Falls Airport (FAA LID: 0B5) is a town owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Montague, a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.	Turners Falls Airport	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sormoshk (Persian: سرمشك‎; also known as Sūrmeshk) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sormoshk	Jennat Rudbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	George H. Crosby Manitou State Park is a state park of Minnesota, USA, located between Tettegouche State Park and Temperance River State Park on the North Shore of Lake Superior, near the communities of Little Marais and Finland.	George H. Crosby Manitou State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	1 Merchant Square is a 42-storey 150m tall building under construction in Paddington, London.	1 Merchant Square	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edwin E. Benedict House is a house located on Cox Island near Florence, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Edwin E. Benedict House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Bozorg (Persian: دشت بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Dasht Bozorg and Dasht-ī-Būzūrg) is a village in Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District, Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Bozorg	Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novosibirsk Oblast (Russian: Новосиби́рская о́бласть, Novosibirskaya oblast) is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast) located in southwestern Siberia.	Novosibirsk Oblast	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabeth Harden Gilmore House, also known as Minotti-Gilmore House or Harden and Harden Funeral Home, is a historic home and national historic district located at Charleston, West Virginia.	Elizabeth Harden Gilmore House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strathglass Park District, located in Rumford, Maine, encompasses one of the nation's finest early 20th-century mill worker housing complexes.	Strathglass Park District	Rumford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbey Road Studios (formerly known as EMI Studios) is a recording studio located at 3 Abbey Road, St John's Wood, City of Westminster, London, England.	Abbey Road Studios	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurumbur (Tamil: குரும்பூர் ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of tuticorin district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kurumbur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 52nd Place Historic District is a historic district consisting of American Craftsman style homes in the Central-Alameda neighborhood of the South Los Angeles, California.	52nd Place Historic District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sachigo Lake Airport, (IATA: ZPB, ICAO: CZPB), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) north of the First Nations community of Sachigo Lake, Ontario, Canada.	Sachigo Lake Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tal Shakari Fazel Posheh Kan (Persian: تل شكاري فاضل پشه كان‎, also Romanized as Tal Shakārī Fāz̤el Posheh Kān) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tal Shakari Fazel Posheh Kan	Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bundaberg Base Hospital is the public hospital of Bundaberg, Queensland, Australia.	Bundaberg Base Hospital	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notre Dame College Prep is a male-only Roman Catholic secondary school founded in Niles, Illinois in 1955 by the Congregation of Holy Cross.	Notre Dame College Prep	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capotille (Haitian Creole: Kapotiy) is a commune in the Ouanaminthe Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.	Capotille	Ouanaminthe Arrondissement
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bender's Restaurant is a historic restaurant and commercial building in downtown Canton, Ohio, United States.	Bender's Restaurant	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The abandoned O & W Railroad Station at Port Ben is located on Tow Path Road in the Town of Wawarsing, New York, United States.	O & W Railroad Station at Port Ben	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fink-Type Truss Bridge was located in the Allerton section of Clinton Township, Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States.	Fink-Type Truss Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waitoa River is a major river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Waitoa River	Waikato Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jintang Bridge (Chinese: 金塘大桥; pinyin: Jīntáng dàqiáo) is a highway bridge with a cable-stayed bridge portion, built in Zhejiang, China on the Zhoushan Archipelago, the largest offshore island group in China.	Jintang Bridge	Zhejiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sapatgram (IPA: ˈsæpətˌgræm) is a town and a town area committee in Dhubri district in the Indian state of Assam.	Sapatgram	Dhubri district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emory University School of Law (also known as Emory Law or ELS) is a US law school that is part of Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia.	Emory University School of Law	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montuïri is municipality in central Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain.	Montuïri	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Jowhari (Persian: علي اباد جوهرئ‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Jowharī; also known as Sa``dābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 13 families.	Aliabad-e Jowhari	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Water of Aven (or A'an) (Scottish Gaelic: an t-Uisge Bàn) is a tributary of the Water of Feugh, itself the largest tributary of the River Dee, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Water of Aven	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piskorczyn (piˈskɔrt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzuze, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Piskorczyn	Gmina Brzuze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bucktail State Park Natural Area is a 16,433-acre (6,650 ha) Pennsylvania state park in Cameron and Clinton Counties in Pennsylvania in the United States.	Bucktail State Park Natural Area	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kraszewo-Falki (kraˈʂɛvɔ ˈfalki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kraszewo-Falki	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Shahid Bahnar Jadval-e Now (Persian: شهرك شهيدباهنرجدول نو‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Bāhnar Jadval-e Now) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Hasanabad District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Shahid Bahnar Jadval-e Now	Hasanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gdola (ˈɡdɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Gdola	Gmina Ruda-Huta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rand Tower is a 26-story high rise in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA that was one of the city's tallest structures when it was completed in 1929.	Rand Tower	Minneapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandywine Avenue School was a historic school located at Schenectady in Schenectady County, New York.	Brandywine Avenue School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vuntut National Park is a national park located in northern Yukon, Canada.	Vuntut National Park	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tuckerton Seaport is a working maritime village and museum located in Tuckerton, New Jersey, United States.	Tuckerton Seaport	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mortimer Common, generally referred to as Mortimer, is a village in the civil parish of Stratfield Mortimer in Berkshire.	Mortimer Common	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	William L. Finley National Wildlife Refuge is a natural area in the Willamette Valley in Oregon, United States.	William L. Finley National Wildlife Refuge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salk School of Science is a junior high school, located in Lower Manhattan, New York City.	Salk School of Science	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum is a design museum located in the Upper East Side's Museum Mile in Manhattan, New York City.	Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howz Koti (Persian: حوض كتي‎, also Romanized as Ḩowẕ Kotī) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Howz Koti	Baladeh Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Tucker is a mansion in Wiscasset, Maine, USA.	Castle Tucker	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jenkins Airport (FAA LID: 15N) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) west of the central business district of Wyoming, a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.	Jenkins Airport	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naviar (Persian: ناويار‎, also Romanized as Nāvīār; also known as Nāvīā, Nāvayān, and Nāvīyā) is a village in Shoqan Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Naviar	Shoqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yunyang County (Chinese: 云阳县; pinyin: Yúnyáng Xiàn) is a county of Chongqing Municipality in China.	Yunyang County	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Maler is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located south of Sedrun in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Maler	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spencer W. Kimball Tower, also known as the SWKT /ˈswɪkɨt/ or Kimball Tower, is a 12-story building that houses classrooms and administrative offices on the Brigham Young University campus in Provo, Utah.	Spencer W. Kimball Tower	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jatusana is a village and block of Rewari district in Haryana.	Jatusana	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prairie du Chien Municipal Airport (IATA: PCD, ICAO: KPDC, FAA LID: PDC) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Prairie du Chien, a city in Crawford County, Wisconsin, United States.	Prairie du Chien Municipal Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romaliny (rɔmaˈlinɨ) (German: Rohman Abbau; 1921-45: Rohmanshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Romaliny	Gmina Sępopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourglinster (Luxembourgish: Buerglënster, German: Burglinster) is a small town in the commune of Junglinster, in central Luxembourg.	Bourglinster	Junglinster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Klock, a fortified stone homestead in the Mohawk River Valley of New York State, was built c.1750 by Johannes Klock.	Fort Klock	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walsden is a large village in the civil parish of Todmorden in the Metropolitan Borough of Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England, though historically in Lancashire and close to the modern boundary with Greater Manchester.	Walsden	West Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feshan (Persian: فشان‎, also Romanized as Feshān) is a village in Gel Berenji Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Feshan	Khafr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bijgerd (Persian: بيج گرد‎, also Romanized as Bījgerd; also known as Bīzh Gerd) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bijgerd	Barf Anbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunshine Coast Grammar School is a private Christian school located in Forest Glen, a some-what rural town on Queensland's Sunshine Coast.	Sunshine Coast Grammar School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Écomusée vosgien de la brasserie is a museum and brewery in Ville-sur-Illon, Vosges, France.	Écomusée vosgien de la brasserie	Ville-sur-Illon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzitás Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``plant name: mamay or plantain``) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (456.03 km2) of land and is located roughly 125 km east of the city of Mérida.	Dzitás Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clark's Conveniency is a historic home located near Pomona, Kent County, Maryland, United States.	Clark's Conveniency	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cullman-Heyman Tennis Center is a tennis complex located on the campus of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.	Cullman-Heyman Tennis Center	New Haven, Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanrhystud is a seaside village, post town and electoral division on the A487 road in the county of Ceredigion, nine miles south of Aberystwyth, Wales.	Llanrhystud	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonner Springs High School is the public secondary school in Bonner Springs, Kansas, USA.	Bonner Springs High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverside, The Farnsley-Moremen Landing is a historic 300-acre (120 ha) farm and house in Southwest Louisville, Kentucky along the banks of the Ohio River.	Riverside, The Farnsley-Moremen Landing	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narenjbon-e Pain (Persian: نارنج بن پايين‎, also Romanized as Nārenjbon-e Pā’īn; also known as Nārenj Bon) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Narenjbon-e Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clark Thread Company Historic District, located at 900 Passaic Avenue, East Newark, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, is a large mill complex.	Clark Thread Company Historic District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomaski Wielkie (pɔˈmaski ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pomaski Wielkie	Gmina Szelków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Asheville Female College was the first institution of higher education in the western portion of North Carolina, founded as the Asheville Female Seminary in 1841 by John Dickson, M.D. and Rev. Erasmus Rowley, D.D. The school had its first quarters on the corner of Patton Avenue and Church Street in Asheville, North Carolina.	Asheville Female College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Austintown Fitch High School (aka Fitch, AFHS or sometimes FHS) is a public high school in Austintown, Ohio, near Youngstown, USA.	Austintown Fitch High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellingsrud consists of Ellingsrudåsen, Bakås, Fjeldstad, Karihaugen, Munkebekken, and the small area of Kaiekroken, located in the far east close to Furuset and Lindeberg.	Ellingsrud	Furuset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duncan Tunnel (also known as the Edwardsville Tunnel) is a railroad tunnel in Edwardsville, Floyd County, Indiana, USA.	Duncan Tunnel	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellisland Farm (NX930838) and museum lies about 6.5 mi/10.4 km northwest of Dumfries in village of Auldgirth, located in the Parish of Dunscore, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Ellisland Farm	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland Saturday Market is an outdoor arts and crafts market in Portland, Oregon.	Portland Saturday Market	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Günnigfeld is a district of Bochum, a city in the Ruhr area of North Rhine-Westphalia, western Germany.	Günnigfeld	Bochum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuxford is a village and a civil parish on the southern edge of the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire, England.	Tuxford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Butte River is located in the Mendocino National Forest of northern California in Glenn and Mendocino counties.	Black Butte River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ruhstaller Building, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is a historic building located in the heart of Downtown Sacramento, California, USA.	Ruhstaller Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leitha Mountains (German: Leithagebirge; Hungarian: Lajta-hegység) are a range of low mountains in Austria lying on the boundary between Lower Austria and Burgenland.	Leitha Mountains	Burgenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central New Brunswick Woodsmen's Museum is a Canadian forestry museum located in Boiestown, New Brunswick.	Central New Brunswick Woodsmen's Museum	Boiestown, New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	SS William Lawrence Shipwreck Site is a historic shipwreck and archaeological site located near Hilton Head Island, Beaufort County, South Carolina.	SS William Lawrence Shipwreck Site	Beaufort County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rensselaer Carnegie Library in Rensselaer, Indiana is a building from 1905.	Rensselaer Carnegie Library	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juventus Stadium, sometimes simply known in Italy as the Stadium, is an all-seater football stadium in the Vallette borough of Turin, Italy, and the home of Serie A club Juventus Football Club.	Juventus Stadium	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kash Qalman-e Pain (Persian: كشقلمان پائين‎, also Romanized as Kash Qalmān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kash Qalman-e Pain	Band-e Zarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hogsback Pass, is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa.	Hogsback Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omand's Creek runs throughout Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Omand's Creek	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łosinno (wɔˈɕinnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łosinno	Gmina Wyszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye Abbas Zu ol Faqari (Persian: مشاع عباس ذوالفقاري‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye ʿAbbās Ẕū ol Faqārī) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye Abbas Zu ol Faqari	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teluk Rubiah is a beach in Manjung district, Perak, Malaysia.	Teluk Rubiah	Perak
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Gate (also known as the James Edwin Watson House or Ross Funeral Home) is a historic residence located at 800 Fairmont Avenue in Fairmont, West Virginia.	High Gate	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnstable State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest located in Barnstable.	Barnstable State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indrapuri (Hindi: इन्द्रपुरी) is a town in Bhopal, India, in the BHEL township in the city of Bhopal.	Indrapuri	Bhopal
located in the administrative territorial entity	White River Falls State Park is a state park in north central Oregon.	White River Falls State Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penobscot Valley High School (PVHS) is a 9--12 school serving approximately 238 students in Howland, Maine.	Penobscot Valley High School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Mountain Lake Airport (FAA LID: E45), formerly Q68, is a public airport located three miles (4.8 km) northeast of Groveland, serving Tuolumne County, California, USA.	Pine Mountain Lake Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Veluwe is a forest-rich ridge of hills (1100 km2) in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands.	Veluwe	Gelderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łubno Opace (ˈwubnɔ ɔˈpat͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Łubno Opace	Gmina Tarnowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roszowice (rɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Roschowitzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisek, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Roszowice	Gmina Cisek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skwierczyn-Wieś (ˈskfjɛrt͡ʂɨn ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Skwierczyn-Wieś	Gmina Repki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prairie Dog State Park is a state park located southwest of Norton, Kansas, United States.	Prairie Dog State Park	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crichton Collegiate Church is situated about 0.6 miles (0.97 km) south west of the hamlet of Crichton in Midlothian, Scotland.	Crichton Collegiate Church	Midlothian	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atascadero State Hospital (ASH) is located on the central coast of California, in San Luis Obispo County, halfway between Los Angeles and San Francisco.	Atascadero State Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruran (Persian: روران‎, also Romanized as Rūrān) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Ruran	Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilgrim Memorial State Park comprises two monuments in Plymouth, Massachusetts:	Pilgrim Memorial State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Springs Creek Conservation Area consists of 859 acres (3.48 km2) about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) southwest of Bourbon, Missouri.	Blue Springs Creek Conservation Area	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jans Bay is a northern hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.	Jans Bay	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shir Morgh (Persian: شيرمرغ‎, also Romanized as Shīr Morgh) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shir Morgh	Qaen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Castle and Frenchtown Railroad Right-of-Way is a railroad right of way connecting Frenchtown, Cecil County, Maryland, and Porter, New Castle County, Delaware.	New Castle and Frenchtown Railroad Right-of-Way	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lurigancho-Chosica is a district of the Lima Province in Peru, located in the valley of the Rímac River which it shares with neighboring Chaclacayo and Ate districts.	Lurigancho-Chosica	Lima Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brudzawy (bruˈd͡zavɨ) (German: Brausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Brudzawy	Gmina Bobrowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Dominion University also known as ODU is a public, co-educational research university located in Norfolk, Virginia, United States, with two satellite campuses in the Hampton Roads area.	Old Dominion University	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Somaglia-Balconi is a residential complex located in Brugherio, consisting of a main house and some accompanying buildings, which are separated from the original structure of the villa by Via Marsala, which leads from Moncucco to Carugate.	Villa Somaglia-Balconi	Brugherio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blindcrake is a village and civil parish within the Isel Valley, in the Lake District National Park and in the Allerdale district of Cumbria, England.	Blindcrake	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morgan G. Bulkeley Stadium was a sporting event stadium located in Hartford, Connecticut and the site of Babe Ruth's final baseball game.	Morgan G. Bulkeley Stadium	Hartford
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thermopolis Main Post Office in Thermopolis, Wyoming was built as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department.	Thermopolis Main Post Office	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Sculptors Gallery is a cooperative sculpture gallery in Boston, Massachusetts.	Boston Sculptors Gallery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davariyeh (Persian: داوريه‎, also Romanized as Dāvarīyeh; also known as Gonbeyeh Kan) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District, Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Davariyeh	Roqicheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John's Grill is a historical restaurant in San Francisco, California at 63 Ellis Street.	John's Grill	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nicholas Marnach House is the restored home of a Luxembourgian pioneer family in Whitewater Township, Minnesota, United States, built 1857--1860.	Nicholas Marnach House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akto County (Kyrgyz: ﺍﻗﺘﻮﻭ وودانى/Актоо ооданы; Chinese: 阿克陶县; pinyin: Ākètáo Xiàn; Uyghur: ئاقتو ناھىيىسى‎, ULY: Aqto Nahiyisi, UYY: Ak̡to Nah̡iyisi?) is a county in Kizilsu Kirghiz Autonomous Prefecture, Xinjiang, China.	Akto County	Kizilsu Kirghiz Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ingakslugwat Hills are a group of at least 32 small cinder cones and eight larger craters in western Alaska, United States.	Ingakslugwat Hills	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The main campus of the University of Chicago consists of 211 acres (85.4 ha) in the Chicago neighborhoods of Hyde Park and Woodlawn, seven miles (11 km) south of downtown Chicago.	University of Chicago	Woodlawn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marietta Square, also called Glover Park, is a park and traditional city center in Marietta, Georgia.	Marietta Square	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salehabad-e Hesar-e Shalpush (Persian: صالح ابادحصارشالپوش‎, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād-e Ḩeşār-e Shālpūsh; also known as Şāleḩābād and Şāleḩābād-e Şādeq) is a village in Malard Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Salehabad-e Hesar-e Shalpush	Malard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Hickert Building, located at 104 W. 4th in Bird City, Kansas, is a historic building dating from 1920.	Henry Hickert Building	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arghistan District (Pashto: ارغستان ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی ارغستان‎) is a district situated in the northeastern part of Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.	Arghistan District	Kandahar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aurora Plaza is a 185 m high skyscraper in the Pudong financial district, Lujiazui, of Shanghai, China, that was completed in 2003.	Aurora Plaza	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Massanetta Springs Historic District is a retreat in Rockingham County, Virginia, administered by the Presbyterian Synod of Virginia, and chiefly associated with the Massanetta Springs Summer Bible Conference Encampment.	Massanetta Springs Historic District	Rockingham County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scottsburg Depot is a historical railroad depot in Scottsburg, Indiana.	Scottsburg Depot	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City Investing Building was an early New York City skyscraper, erected in 1908 as one of the largest buildings of its era.	City Investing Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNEX-FM is a radio station serving the middle Georgia area with a Oldies music format.	WNEX-FM	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bartlett Dam is a concrete multiple-arch buttress dam on the Verde River, located 50 km northeast of Phoenix, Arizona.	Bartlett Dam	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton in Lonsdale is a village and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England, close to the border with Lancashire.	Burton in Lonsdale	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craigie Castle (NGR NS 40848 31699) in the old Barony of Craigie, is a ruined fortification situated about 4 miles (6.4 km) southeast of Kilmarnock and 1 mile (1.6 km) southeast of Craigie village, in the Civil Parish of Craigie, South Ayrshire, Scotland.	Craigie Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Almonaster Avenue Bridge is a bascule bridge in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Almonaster Avenue Bridge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Mokhtar (Persian: چممختار‎, also Romanized as Cham Mokhtār) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Mokhtar	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jekyll & Hyde Club is a theme restaurant owned by Eerie World Entertainment in the Manhattan borough of New York City, New York.	Jekyll & Hyde Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	O Rosal is a municipality in the province of Pontevedra in the autonomous community Galicia, Spain.	O Rosal	Galicia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Community Hospital North is a hospital located in the Castleton neighborhood of Indianapolis, Indiana, USA.	Community Hospital North	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountain Pavilion was an inn located in Weehawken, New Jersey during the 19th century.	Mountain Pavilion	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thompson and Powell Martyrs Monument is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in St. Joseph, Kentucky, one of only three locations of the NRHP in Daviess County, Kentucky that is not in Owensboro, Kentucky.	Thompson and Powell Martyrs Monument	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Filippo del Mela (Sicilian: San Filippu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) east of Palermo and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Messina.	San Filippo del Mela	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilsbury is a hamlet in the English county of Derbyshire, approximately 2 miles north of Hartington.	Pilsbury	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikorki (ɕiˈkɔrki) (German: Zickerke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northwestern Poland.	Sikorki	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuraz (Persian: نوراز‎, also Romanized as Nūrāz; also known as Nūzār) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nuraz	Jalalvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baylor Research and Innovation Collaborative (BRIC) is the flagship project for the Central Texas Technology and Research Park, an initiative by organizations and higher educational institutions in Central Texas to develop, promote and market science and engineering technologies, university research and advanced technology training and workforce development.	Baylor Research and Innovation Collaborative	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parc Ela (Rumantsch: Ela Park) is a Nature Park in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Parc Ela	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramarama, previously known as Sheppards Bush, is a small community at the far south of the Auckland Region in New Zealand's North Island, located just to the north of the Bombay Hills (a point commonly regarded as the most southern part of the Auckland region).	Ramarama	Auckland Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Calcasieu River Bridge, officially named the World War II Memorial Bridge in June 1951 is a trough truss located on Interstate 10 between Lake Charles, Louisiana and Westlake, Louisiana.	Calcasieu River Bridge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hildreth-Robbins House (also known as Red Wing Farm) is a historic house at 19 Maple Road in Chelmsford, Massachusetts.	Hildreth-Robbins House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halchowk Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kathmandu within the Bagmati Zone of Nepal.	Halchowk Stadium	Kathmandu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockwell Garage is a large bus garage in Stockwell, in the London Borough of Lambeth, which opened in April 1952.	Stockwell Garage	London Borough of Lambeth
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Athernase Church is a Romanesque church located in Leuchars, Fife, Scotland.	St Athernase Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mostówek (mɔsˈtuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mostówek	Gmina Olszewo-Borki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Engleside Christian School is a Pre-kindergarten through 6th grade primary private school in Alexandria, Virginia.	Engleside Christian School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shani Shingnapur or Shani Shinganapur (Marathi: शनी शिंगणापुर )or Shingnapur or Sonai (Marathi: सोनाई) is a village in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Shani Shingnapur	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamworth High School is situated in Willis Street South Tamworth, Tamworth, New South Wales, Australia.	Tamworth High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowmansville Roller Mill, also known as the Von Nieda Mill, is a historic roller mill and national historic district located at Bowmansville, Brecknock Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Bowmansville Roller Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockwell Hall, completed in 1940 at a cost of $1 million, is a formerly all-female (now coed) residence hall at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.	Stockwell Hall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Dinwoody House, at 411 East 100 South, Salt Lake City, Utah, is a Late Victorian house that was designed by Richard Kletting, architect of the Utah State Capitol.	Henry Dinwoody House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kathiraon (Hindi: कठिरॉव) is a village in Pindra Tehsil of Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Kathiraon	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurab Khan (Persian: شوراب خان‎, also Romanized as Shūrāb Khān and Shūrāb-e Khān; also known as Shūrāb) is a village in Qaslan Rural District, Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shurab Khan	Qaslan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaubeuren Abbey (Kloster Blaubeuren in German) was a house of the Benedictine Order located in Blaubeuren, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Blaubeuren Abbey	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTIS-FM (98.5 FM) is a contemporary Christian music formatted radio station located in Minneapolis, Minnesota owned and operated by Northwestern College (renamed in 2013 as University of Northwestern-Saint Paul)..	KTIS-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padgett Lake is a natural freshwater lake of irregular shape on the north side of Lake Wales, Florida.	Padgett Lake	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYSX is a commercial radio station licensed to Billings, Montana, USA, broadcasting on 105.1 FM.	KYSX	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Attakwaskloof Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa on the off-road between Mossel Bay and Oudtshoorn.	Attakwaskloof Pass	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, more simply known as Gran Via, is one of Barcelona's major avenues.	Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kayah State (Burmese: ကယားပြည်နယ်, pronounced: (kəjá pjìnɛ̀) formerly, Karenni State) is a state of Myanmar.	Kayah State	Myanmar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpine Astrovillage Lü-Stailas (AAV Lü-Stailas) is an astronomy and astrophotography center in Lü, a tiny village in Val Müstair, canton Graubünden, Switzerland.	Alpine Astrovillage Lü-Stailas	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas B. Coursey House is a historic home located north of Coursey Pond near Felton, Kent County, Delaware.	Thomas B. Coursey House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cité du Cinéma is a film studio complex supported by the film director and producer Luc Besson, located in Saint-Denis, north of Paris.	Cité du Cinéma	Saint-Denis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Renfrew County District School Board (RCDSB, known as English-language Public District School Board No. 28 prior to 1999) is the administrative body overseeing the operations of the primary and secondary schools in the County of Renfrew in Ontario, Canada.	Renfrew County District School Board	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarbor-e Lay Bisheh (Persian: تربرلاي بيشه‎, also Romanized as Tarbor-e Lāy Bīsheh; also known as Tarbor-e Pā’īn) is a village in Darian Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tarbor-e Lay Bisheh	Darian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dockery Lake Recreation Area, located in northeast Georgia near the town of Dahlonega, is a US Forest Service campground and day-use area constructed next to a small pond.	Dockery Lake Recreation Area	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Księżyno (kɔˈlɔɲa kɕɛ̃ˈʐɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kolonia Księżyno	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Blakenham is a small village near Ipswich, in Suffolk UK.	Great Blakenham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lianmeng Road Subdistrict (simplified Chinese: 联盟路街道; traditional Chinese: 聯盟路街道; pinyin: Liánméng Lù Jiēdào; literally: ``union road'') is a subdistrict of Xinhua District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Lianmeng Road Subdistrict	Xinhua District, Shijiazhuang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singlewell or Ifield is the name given to the area south of Gravesend in Kent, England.	Singlewell or Ifield	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menlo Park Presbyterian Church, called Menlo Church, is a congregation located in Menlo Park, California, San Mateo, Mountain View and San Jose.	Menlo Park Presbyterian Church	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naft Sefid (Persian: نفت سفيد‎, also Romanized as Naft Sefīd, Nafte-e Sefĭd, Naft-e Safīd, and Naft-e Sefīd; also known as Naft Seqīd) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Naft Sefid	Gazin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles M. and Emma M. Fischer Fleshman House is a historical residence located in Hawarden, Iowa, United States.	Charles M. and Emma M. Fischer Fleshman House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka Drygalska (dɔmˈbrufka drɨˈɡalska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dąbrówka Drygalska	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamzerj (Persian: زمزرج‎, also Romanized as Zamzarj; also known as Zamzerch) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zamzerj	Balvard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warzymice (vaʐɨˈmit͡sɛ) (German Reinkendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Warzymice	Gmina Kołbaskowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murray Maxwell Bay (formerly: Murray Maxwell Inlet; Inuktitut: Tasiujaq) is an uninhabited waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Murray Maxwell Bay	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Japan Coast Guard Museum is a museum dedicated to the Japanese Coast Guard in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.	Japan Coast Guard Museum	Kure
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberlin College is a private liberal arts college in Oberlin, Ohio, noteworthy for having been the first American institution of higher learning to regularly admit female and black students in addition to white males.	Oberlin College	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Accotink is a reservoir in North Springfield in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.	Lake Accotink	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrilugk Abbey (Kloster Dobrilugk) was a Cistercian monastery in Lower Lusatia in the territory of the present town of Doberlug-Kirchhain, Brandenburg, Germany.	Dobrilugk Abbey	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przykwa (ˈpʂɨkfa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Przykwa	Gmina Kłoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTMT-FM (93.7 FM, ``Now FM'') is a commercial contemporary hits music radio station in Medford, Oregon, USA, broadcasting to the Medford-Ashland, Oregon area.	KTMT-FM	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delaware and Ulster Railroad (DURR) is a heritage railroad based in Arkville, New York.	Delaware and Ulster Railroad	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Samuel Fleming House, also known as Flemington Castle, is an historic home located in Flemington, in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States, built in 1756.	Samuel Fleming House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baird Mountains are a mountain range located northeast of the Kotzebue Sound, in between the Kobuk and Noatak Rivers in Alaska.	Baird Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haviland-Davison Grist Mill is a historic grist mill located at East Rockaway in Nassau County, New York.	Haviland-Davison Grist Mill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Agde is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault, and its subdivision, the Arrondissement of Béziers.	Canton of Agde	Arrondissement of Béziers
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Mansion and Tenant House, also known as the General William North House, is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County, New York.	North Mansion and Tenant House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrowina (mrɔˈvina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mrowina	Gmina Kluczewsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahand Rural District (Persian: دهستان سهند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sahand Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blauenstein is a castle fort on a rocky outcrop north of Kleinlützel, Switzerland.	Blauenstein	Kleinlützel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morden Park is an area within the district of Morden in the London Borough of Merton, and includes the Park itself, an area of green space in an otherwise dense cluster of 1930s suburban housing.	Morden Park	London Borough of Merton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lir-e Bozorg (Persian: ليربزرگ‎, also Romanized as Līr-e Bozorg) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Lir-e Bozorg	Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teem Plaza (Chinese: 天河城广场) is a twin tower complex in Guangzhou, China that consists of 45-storey, 195 m (640 ft) Teem Tower, a 38-storey Sheraton hotel, and a shopping mall.	Teem Plaza	Guangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Russia Wharf Buildings are a cluster of three stylistically similar commercial buildings at 518-540 Atlantic Avenue, 270 Congress Street and 276-290 Congress Street in Boston, Massachusetts.	Russia Wharf Buildings	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gera is the third-largest city in Thuringia, Germany, located 55 kilometres (34 miles) south of Leipzig, 75 km (47 miles) east of Erfurt and 120 km (75 miles) west of Dresden.	Gera	Thuringia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srebrniki-Lądy (srɛbrˈniki ˈlɔndɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Srebrniki-Lądy	Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belasco Theatre is a Broadway theatre opened in 1910 at 111 West 44th Street in midtown-Manhattan.	Belasco Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orzyny (ɔˈʐɨnɨ) (German: Erben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Orzyny	Gmina Dźwierzuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aderu (Persian: ادرو‎, also Romanized as Āderū and Aderū; also known as Ādehrū) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Aderu	Tang Chenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Božinci Donji (Cyrillic: Божинци Доњи) is a village in the municipality of Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Božinci Donji	Doboj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowshan Dasht (Persian: روشن دشت‎; also known as Rowshan Shahr) is a village in Jey Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Rowshan Dasht	Jey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runkel Castle ( German: Burg Runkel ), a ruined hill castle from the High Middle Ages, is located in the city of Runkel in the Landkreis ( District of ) Limburg-Weilburg in the state of Hesse, Germany.	Runkel Castle	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blakelaw is an electoral ward situated in the West End of the city of Newcastle upon Tyne in North East England.	Blakelaw	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sowghanchi (Persian: سوغانچي‎, also Romanized as Sowghānchī) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sowghanchi	Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masullas, Masuddas in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Oristano.	Masullas	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Acacia Diversion Dam is a structure built in 1934 for the Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District (MRGCD) near to San Acacia, New Mexico, United States.	San Acacia Diversion Dam	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nik Kari (Persian: نيك كري‎, also Romanized as Nīk Karī; also known as Nekā Kāy and Nīkāgarī) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nik Kari	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirkeh-ye Sofla (Persian: پيرکه سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Pīrkeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pirkeh-ye Sofla	Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedźwiadki (ɲed͡ʑˈvjatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Niedźwiadki	Gmina Pakosław
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Work House and Mill Site is a Registered Historic Place just outside Charlestown, Indiana, owned by the Lincoln Heritage Council, (BSA), as part of the Tunnel Mill Scout Reservation.	John Work House and Mill Site	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Concourse Plaza Hotel was a luxury hotel located at Grand Concourse and 161st Street in The Bronx, New York.	Concourse Plaza Hotel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Banda Banda, a mountain of the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia, is situated 320 kilometres (200 mi) from Sydney within the Willi Willi National Park.	Mount Banda Banda	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toaping Castle was a house in present-day Greenbelt, Maryland, built circa 1750 by Charles, Isaac and Nathan Walker, three brothers who fled to America from Scotland.	Toaping Castle	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Folsztyn (ˈfɔlʂtɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Folsztyn	Gmina Wieleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dragomirna Monastery was built during the first three decades of the 17th century, 15 km from Suceava, in Mitocu Dragomirnei commune.	Dragomirna	Mitocu Dragomirnei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zakrzówek-Kolonia (zaˈkʂuvɛk kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zakrzówek-Kolonia	Gmina Kazanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The High Hills of Santee, sometimes known as the High Hills of the Santee, is a long, narrow hilly region in the western part of Sumter County, South Carolina.	High Hills of Santee	South Carolina
manufacturer	The TK85 was a ZX81 clone made by Microdigital Eletronica, a computer company located in Brazil.	TK85	Microdigital Eletronica
manufacturer	The bow section of Costa Pacifica was built at the Fincantieri Palermo shipyard and was launched on 24 July 2007.	Costa Pacifica	Fincantieri
manufacturer	German submarine U-184 was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II. She was ordered on 15 August 1940 and was laid down on 10 June 1941 at DeSchiMAG AG Weser, Bremen, becoming yard number 1024.	German submarine U-184	AG Weser
manufacturer	Originally marketed by the Lambert Pharmacal Company (which later became Warner-Lambert), Listerine has been manufactured and distributed by Johnson & Johnson since that company's acquisition of Pfizer's consumer healthcare division in late December 2006.	Listerine	Johnson & Johnson
manufacturer	The Browning BLR is a lever-action rifle manufactured by Browning Arms Company.	Browning BLR	Browning Arms Company
manufacturer	The White armored car was a series of armored cars developed by the White Motor Company in Cleveland, Ohio from 1915.	White armored car	White Motor Company
manufacturer	HMS Pretoria Castle (F61) was an armed merchant cruiser and escort aircraft carrier of the Royal Navy that saw service during World War II. She had previously been the ocean liner Pretoria Castle of the Union-Castle Line; built at Harland & Wolff shipyards in Belfast, Northern Ireland and launched in 1938.	HMS Pretoria Castle (F61)	Harland & Wolff
manufacturer	The Yamaha TT600R is an enduro motorcycle from Yamaha Motor Company closely related to the XT series of air-cooled single cylinder engines.	Yamaha TT600R	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Town Box is a kei car produced for the domestic market by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.	Mitsubishi Town Box	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	USS Susanville (PC-1149) was a patrol boat in the service of the United States Navy during World War II. She was laid down as PC-1149 on 6 November 1943 at the Defoe Shipbuilding Company in Bay City, Michigan; launched on 11 January 1944; and commissioned on 22 June 1944.	USS Susanville (PC-1149)	Defoe Shipbuilding Company
manufacturer	The Kia Sorento is a mid-size crossover SUV (mid-size SUV in its first generation) produced since 2002 by the South Korean manufacturer Kia Motors.	Kia Sorento	Kia Motors
manufacturer	Mevius previously called Mild Seven (Japanese: マイルドセブン Mairudo Sebun) is a brand of cigarettes produced by Japan Tobacco.	Mevius	Japan Tobacco
manufacturer	Old Holborn is a brand of hand rolling tobacco produced by Richard Lloyd & Sons (a subsidiary of Gallaher Group which itself is a subsidiary of Japan Tobacco).	Old Holborn	Gallaher Group
manufacturer	The Steyr HS .50 is a .50 BMG single-shot anti-materiel sniper rifle manufactured by Steyr Mannlicher.	Steyr HS .50	Steyr Mannlicher
manufacturer	The Bristol LH was a bus chassis built by Bristol Commercial Vehicles (BCV) in Bristol, England.	Bristol LH	Bristol Commercial Vehicles
manufacturer	The Caterpillar 797 is a series of off-highway, ultra class, two-axle, mechanical powertrain haul trucks developed and manufactured in the United States by Caterpillar Inc. specifically for high-production mining and heavy-duty construction applications world-wide.	Caterpillar 797	Caterpillar Inc.
manufacturer	HMS K16 was a K class submarine built by William Beardmore and Company, Dalmuir.	HMS K16	William Beardmore and Company
manufacturer	The Peugeot JetForce is a scooter manufactured by Peugeot Motorcycles from 2002.	Peugeot JetForce	Peugeot Motorcycles
manufacturer	In 2008, Vale placed orders for twelve 400,000-ton Valemax ships to be constructed by Jiangsu Rongsheng Heavy Industries (RSHI) in China and ordered seven more ships from South Korean Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) in 2009.	Valemax	Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering
manufacturer	The Case STX Steiger is a tractorline built by Case IH.	Case STX Steiger	Case IH
manufacturer	The ASM-135 ASAT is an air-launched anti-satellite multistage missile that was developed by Ling-Temco-Vought's LTV Aerospace division.	ASM-135 ASAT	Vought
manufacturer	The Plymouth Prowler, later the Chrysler Prowler, is a retro-styled production car manufactured and marketed in 1997 and 1999-2002 by DaimlerChrysler, based on the 1993 concept car of the same name.	Plymouth Prowler	Chrysler
manufacturer	The Kahr K series is a series of semi-automatic pistols manufactured by Kahr Arms.	Kahr K series	Kahr Arms
manufacturer	Mossberg 500 is a series of pump-action shotguns manufactured by O.F. Mossberg & Sons.	Mossberg 500	O.F. Mossberg & Sons
manufacturer	The Winchester Model 1890 is a slide-action repeating rifle produced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company in the late 19th and early 20th century.	Winchester Model 1890	Winchester Repeating Arms Company
member of political party	Denise Robinson is a South African politician, currently a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance, and the Shadow Minister of Women in the Presidency	Denise Robinson	Democratic Alliance
member of political party	Sydney Arnold, 1st Baron Arnold (13 January 1878 -- 3 August 1945) was a radical British Liberal Party politician who later joined the Labour Party and served as a government minister.	Sydney Arnold, 1st Baron Arnold	Labour Party
military branch	The Crown Prince's Hussar Regiment (Swedish: Kronprinsens husarregemente), designated K 7, was a Swedish Army cavalry regiment located in the province of Skåne that traced its origins back to the 18th century.	Crown Prince's Hussar Regiment	Swedish Army
military branch	Bernard E. Trainor (born September 2, 1928) is journalist and a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general.	Bernard E. Trainor	United States Marine Corps
military branch	John Brooks, Jr. (1783 -- September 10, 1813) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the War of 1812.	John Brooks, Jr.	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Lewis Golding Arnold (January 15, 1817 -- September 22, 1871) was a career U.S. Army officer and a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War, primarily noted for his service in Florida.	Lewis Golding Arnold	Union Army
military branch	The Queen's Royal Irish Hussars, abbreviated as QRIH, was a cavalry regiment of the British Army formed from the amalgamation of the 4th Queen's Own Hussars and the 8th King's Royal Irish Hussars in Hohne, West Germany in 1958.	Queen's Royal Irish Hussars	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant Commander John Bridge GC, GM & Bar (5 February 1915 -- 14 December 2006) was a British bomb disposal expert of the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve during the Second World War and a recipient of the George Cross.	John Bridge	Royal Navy
military branch	The President of the Naval War College is a flag officer in the United States Navy.	President of the Naval War College	United States Navy
military branch	Strike Fighter Squadron 154 (VFA-154), also known as the ``Black Knights'', is a United States Navy strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Lemoore.	VFA-154	United States Navy
military branch	Kenneth Whiting (22 July 1881 -- 24 April 1943) was a United States Navy officer who was a pioneer in submarines and is best known for his lengthy career as a pioneering naval aviator.	Kenneth Whiting	United States Navy
military branch	The 135th (Limerick) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of Fencibles in the British Army, created and promptly disbanded in 1796.	135th (Limerick) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	The Duke of Wellington's Regiment (West Riding) was a line infantry regiment of the British Army, forming part of the King's Division.	Duke of Wellington's Regiment	British Army
military branch	Rear Admiral Wendi B. Carpenter is a retired United States Navy flag officer and naval aviator.	Wendi B. Carpenter	United States Navy
military branch	George Breeman (September 15, 1880 -- April 10, 1937) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for his heroism following a turret explosion in 1906 on board the battleship USS Kearsarge (BB-5).	George Breeman	United States Navy
military branch	Robert B. Johnston (born October 6, 1937) is a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general whose last duty assignment was as Commander, Marine Forces Atlantic Marine Forces Europe and II Marine Expeditionary Force.	Robert B. Johnston	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Petty Officer Ariel Weinmann, formerly a Fire Control Technician 3rd Class, now a Seaman Recruit with the United States Navy plead guilty on 4 December 2006 to espionage, desertion and other charges.	Ariel Weinmann	United States Navy
military branch	Edward Hatch (December 22, 1832 -- April 11, 1889) was a career American soldier who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Edward Hatch	Union Army
military branch	Hermann Becker-Freyseng (born 18 July 1910 in Ludwigshafen -- died 27 August 1961 in Heidelberg) was a German physician and consultant for aviation medicine with the Luftwaffe during the Nazi era.	Hermann Becker-Freyseng	Luftwaffe
military branch	Brigadier General Robert Scott-Kerr, DSO (2 November 1859 -- 25 November 1942) was a British Army officer.	Robert Scott-Kerr	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant General Richard T. Swope, USAF (November 21, 1942 -- January 8, 2011) was a United States Air Force officer who served as the Inspector General of the United States Air Force from 1996 until his retirement in 1998.	Richard T. Swope	United States Air Force
military branch	Risaldar Mir Dad Khan Tarin , OBI (died c. 1932), was a native officer of the British Indian Army, who belonged to the Hazara region of the North West Frontier Province (now Khyber Pakthunkhwa in Pakistan).	Mir Dad Khan	British Indian Army
military branch	The 196th (2/1st Highland Light Infantry) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army raised during the Great War in 1914.	196th (2/1st Highland Light Infantry) Brigade	British Army
military branch	The Chief of Naval Research is the senior military officer in charge of scientific research in the United States Navy.	Chief of Naval Research	United States Navy
military branch	Samuel Barrett Miles (2 October 1838 -- 28 August 1914) was a British Army officer who served as a diplomat in various Arabic-speaking countries, notably Oman, which he came to know better than any other European of the time.	Samuel Barrett Miles	British Army
military branch	William Howard Livens DSO MC (28 March 1889 -- 1 February 1964) was an engineer, a soldier in the British Army and an inventor particularly known for the design of chemical warfare and flame warfare weapons.	William Howard Livens	British Army
military branch	Rear-Admiral Sir Richard Bickerton, 1st Baronet (23 June 1727 -- 25 February 1792) was a British naval officer who finished his career as a rear admiral in the British Royal Navy and was ennobled as the first Baronet Bickerton of Upwood.	Sir Richard Bickerton, 1st Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	F 11 Nyköping, Södermanlands Flygflottilj, Södermanland Air Force Wing, or simply ``F 11'', is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located in south-east Sweden.	F 11 Nyköping	Swedish Air Force
military branch	General Sir Archibald Campbell, 1st Baronet GCB (12 March 1769 -- 6 October 1843) was an officer of the British Army.	Sir Archibald Campbell, 1st Baronet	British Army
military branch	Regiment Constituted 28 July 1866 in the Regular Army as the 7th Cavalry Regiment.	7th Cavalry Regiment	Regular Army
military branch	Colonel Sir (Alexander) Weston Jarvis CMG MVO TD (26 December 1855 -- 31 October 1939) was a British Conservative Party politician and officer in the British Army.	Weston Jarvis	British Army
military branch	Gregory A. Feest (born 1956) is a United States Air Force Air Force major general who is currently serving as the Chief of Safety of the United States Air Force, Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C., and Commander, Air Force Safety Center, Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico.	Gregory A. Feest	United States Air Force
military branch	Merton A. Richal (July 1, 1894 -- August 17, 1970) was a major in the United States Marine Corps.	Merton A. Richal	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Thomas Tingey (11 September 1750 -- 23 February 1829) was a Commodore of the United States Navy.	Thomas Tingey	United States Navy
military branch	Paul Harris Nicolas (1 March 1790 -- 1 May 1860) was a nineteenth-century British historian, an accomplished, if little known, water colourist, a Royal Marines officer, and a veteran of the Battle of Trafalgar.	Paul Harris Nicolas	Royal Marines
military branch	Air Vice Marshal Sir Christopher Joseph Quintin Brand KBE, DSO, MC, DFC (25 May 1893 -- 7 March 1968) was a South African officer of the Royal Air Force.	Quintin Brand	Royal Air Force
military branch	Colonel Mark Beaufoy FRS (1764--1827) was an English astronomer and physicist, mountaineer, explorer and British Army officer.	Mark Beaufoy	British Army
military branch	John F. Auer (1866-May 28, 1951) was a sailor in the United States Navy who was one of 193 people received the Medal of Honor during peacetime, a practice no longer authorized by law, and one of only 3,449 recipients of the award.	John F. Auer	United States Navy
military branch	F 15 Söderhamn, Hälsinge Flygflottilj, Royal Hälsinge Air Force Wing, or simply ``F 15'', is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located near Söderhamn in northern Sweden.	F 15 Söderhamn	Swedish Air Force
military branch	The Highland Light Infantry was a light infantry regiment of the British Army from 1881 to 1959.	Highland Light Infantry	British Army
military branch	Ralph A. Dengler is an intellectual property lawyer and retired officer in the United States Marine Corps Reserve.	Ralph A. Dengler	United States Marine Corps
mother	Henrietta of England (16 June 1644 (26 June n.s.) -- 30 June 1670) was the youngest daughter of King Charles I of England, Scotland and Ireland and his wife, Henrietta Maria of France.	Henrietta of England	Henrietta Maria of France
mother	Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom, GCVO, GBE, GCStJ, VA, CI (Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore; later Princess Henry of Battenberg; 14 April 1857 -- 26 October 1944) was the fifth daughter and youngest child of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.	Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom	Queen Victoria
mouth of the watercourse	The Big Sioux River is a tributary of the Missouri River, 419 miles (674 km) long, in eastern South Dakota and northwestern Iowa in the United States.	Big Sioux River	Missouri River
mouth of the watercourse	The Geul (-Dutch, in German: Göhl, in French: Gueule) is a river in Belgium and in the Netherlands, where it is a right-bank tributary to the river Meuse.	Geul	Meuse
mouth of the watercourse	The Melach River is a right tributary of the Inn River and has a length of 25 km. It is located in the western district of Innsbruck-Land.	Melach	Inn
mouth of the watercourse	The Thika River flows through central Kenya and is a tributary of Tana River.	Thika River	Tana River
mouth of the watercourse	The Pyasina River originates in Lake Pyasino and flows into the Pyasino Gulf of the Kara Sea.	Pyasina River	Pyasino Gulf
mouth of the watercourse	The Kirzhach River (Russian: Киржа́ч) is a river in the Vladimir Oblast in Russia, a left tributary of the Klyazma River.	Kirzhach River	Klyazma River
mouth of the watercourse	The Winooski River (formerly, Onion River) is a tributary of Lake Champlain, approximately 90 miles (145 km) long, in northern Vermont in the United States.	Winooski River	Lake Champlain
mouth of the watercourse	Bartın River (Bartın Çayı, ancient Parthenius, Parthenios), is a small river in the east of the Black Sea Region of Turkey.	Bartın River	Black Sea
mouth of the watercourse	At its river mouth, the Annan River is joined by the Esk River and together the two rivers empty into the Coral Sea south of Cooktown.	Annan River	Coral Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Wenatchee River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington, originating at Lake Wenatchee and flowing southeast for 53 miles (85 km), emptying into the Columbia River immediately north of Wenatchee, Washington.	Wenatchee River	Columbia River
mouth of the watercourse	The two largest streams, the Sorgue of Velleron and the Sorgue d'Entraigues, rejoin with one another and enter the Ouvèze at Bédarrides.	Sorgue	Ouvèze
mouth of the watercourse	The Romen River (Ukrainian: Ромен; Russian: Ромен) is a right tributary of the Sula River with a length of 111 km and a drainage basin of 1,645 km².	Romen River	Sula River
mouth of the watercourse	The Inkisi River is a large south bank tributary of the Congo River, located in Western Central Africa.	Inkisi River	Congo River
mouth of the watercourse	The Gatineau River (French pronunciation: ​(gatino)) is a river in western Quebec, Canada, which rises in lakes north of the Baskatong Reservoir and flows south to join the Ottawa River at the city of Gatineau, Quebec.	Gatineau River	Baskatong Reservoir	Ottawa River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tollense (German pronunciation: (tɔˈlɛnzə)) is a river in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in northeastern Germany, right tributary of the Peene.	Tollense	Peene
mouth of the watercourse	The Kindelfließ is a small river that flows through Brandenburg, to the east of Glienicke/Nordbahn into Berlin, where, just over the border, it meets with the Tegeler Fließ.	Kindelfließ	Tegeler Fließ
mouth of the watercourse	The Mulobozi River is a stream in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that flows through the Marungu highlands from the west into Lake Tanganyika just to the north of Moba port.	Mulobozi River	Lake Tanganyika
mouth of the watercourse	The Reiherstieg is an anabranch of the river Elbe in the Port of Hamburg, Germany.	Reiherstieg	Elbe
mouth of the watercourse	The Patuxent River is a tributary of the Chesapeake Bay in the state of Maryland.	Patuxent River	Chesapeake Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Mbam River is the main tributary of the Sanaga River in Cameroon.	Mbam River	Sanaga River
mouth of the watercourse	The Veduga River (Russian: Ве́дуга) is a tributary of the Don River, flowing through the northwestern corner of Voronezh Oblast in Russia.	Veduga River	Don
mouth of the watercourse	The Varzuga River flows into the White Sea.	Varzuga River	White Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Meerbach, also called the Steinhuder Meerbach, is a 29 km long orographically right-hand tributary of the River Weser in the German federal state of Lower Saxony.	Meerbach	Weser
mouth of the watercourse	The Thurra River rises below Mealing Hill in remote country northeast of Cann River and flows generally south through the western edge of the Alfred National Park and through the Croajingolong National Park, before reaching its mouth with Bass Strait, east northeast of Point Hicks in the Shire of East Gippsland.	Thurra River	Bass Strait
mouth of the watercourse	The Želivka is a river in the Czech Republic, the left tributary of the Sázava River.	Želivka	Sázava
mouth of the watercourse	The Jacques-Cartier River was used for log drives to transport the logs to the Saint-Lawrence River and to the mills downstream.	Jacques-Cartier River	Saint-Lawrence River
mouth of the watercourse	The Gelmke is a small stream, roughly 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) long, and right-hand tributary of the Abzucht in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Gelmke	Abzucht
mouth of the watercourse	Myall River rises of the southern slopes of Kyle Range within the Great Dividing Range, north northeast of Stroud, and flows generally south southeast then southwest, joined by tributaries including, before reaching its mouth within Port Stephens at Hawks Nest.	Myall River	Port Stephens
named after	The Beck Depression Inventory (BDI, BDI-1A, BDI-II), created by Aaron T. Beck, is a 21-question multiple-choice self-report inventory, one of the most widely used psychometric tests for measuring the severity of depression.	Beck Depression Inventory	Aaron T. Beck
named after	It is famous as the hometown of Martin Luther; hence, its official name is Lutherstadt Eisleben.	Eisleben	Martin Luther
named after	The Lonsdale Belt is a boxing prize introduced by Hugh Lowther, 5th Earl of Lonsdale, to be awarded to British boxing champions.	Lonsdale Belt	Hugh Lowther, 5th Earl of Lonsdale
named after	In statistical genetics, Felsenstein's tree-pruning algorithm (or Felsenstein's tree-peeling algorithm), due to Joseph Felsenstein, is an algorithm for computing the likelihood of an evolutionary tree from nucleic acid sequence data.	Felsenstein's tree-pruning algorithm	Joseph Felsenstein
named after	The word Mauricie was coined by local priest and historian Albert Tessier and is based on the Saint-Maurice river which runs through the region on a North-South axis.	Mauricie	Saint-Maurice river
named after	1 Night in Paris is a 2004 pornographic video depicting Paris Hilton having sexual intercourse in 2001 with Rick Salomon.	1 Night in Paris	Paris Hilton
named after	Bombardier Inc. (French pronunciation: ​(bɔ̃baʁdje)) is a Canadian multinational aerospace and transportation company, founded by Joseph-Armand Bombardier as L'Auto-Neige Bombardier Limitée (loosely translated to ``Bombardier Snow Car Limited'') on January 29, 1942, at Valcourt in the Eastern Townships, Quebec.	Bombardier Inc.	Joseph-Armand Bombardier
named after	Much of the area is covered by forest (Hürtgenwald in literal translation means Hürtgen Forest).	Hürtgenwald	Hürtgen Forest
named after	Tiffany glass refers to the many and varied types of glass developed and produced from 1878 to 1933 at the Tiffany Studios in New York, by Louis Comfort Tiffany and a team of other designers, including Clara Driscoll.	Tiffany glass	Louis Comfort Tiffany
named after	The name refers to Donald Duck and was first used by author Jon Gisle in his book Donaldismen in 1973.	Donaldism	Donald Duck
named after	The 9K32 Strela-2 (Russian: Cтрела, ``arrow''; NATO reporting name SA-7 Grail) is a man-portable, shoulder-fired, low-altitude surface-to-air missile system (MANPAD) with a high explosive warhead and passive infrared homing guidance.	9K32 Strela-2	arrow
named after	The ben Asher family of Masoretes was largely responsible for the preservation and production of the Masoretic Text, although an alternate Masoretic text of the ben Naphtali Masoretes, which has around 875 differences from the ben Asher text, existed.	Masoretes	Masoretic Text
named after	USS Flying Fish (SSN-673), a Sturgeon-class attack submarine, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for the flying fish, any of number of fishes of tropic and warm temperate seas whose long winglike fins make it possible for them to move some distance through the air.	USS Flying Fish (SSN-673)	flying fish
named after	In Norse mythology, Vanaheimr (Old Norse for ``home of the Vanir'') is one of the Nine Worlds and home of the Vanir, a group of gods associated with fertility, wisdom, and the ability to see the future.	Vanaheimr	Vanir
named after	The Juno Awards are named in honour of Pierre Juneau, the first President of the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission and former President of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.	Juno Award	Pierre Juneau
named after	The municipality of Victoriaville itself was created on May 8, 1861, named to honour Queen Victoria, the reigning monarch at the time.	Victoriaville	Queen Victoria
named after	Corcyre (old-fashioned French for Corfu) was one of three short-lived French départements in Greece.	Corcyre	Corfu
named after	The name ``Hurst exponent'', or ``Hurst coefficient'', derives from Harold Edwin Hurst (1880--1978), who was the lead researcher in these studies; the use of the standard notation H for the coefficient relates to his name also.	Hurst exponent	Harold Edwin Hurst
named after	USS Bluefish (SSN-675), a Sturgeon-class attack submarine, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the bluefish.	USS Bluefish (SSN-675)	bluefish
named after	Giffen goods are named after Scottish economist Sir Robert Giffen, to whom Alfred Marshall attributed this idea in his book Principles of Economics.	Giffen good	Robert Giffen
named after	A Hofmann voltameter is an apparatus for electrolyzing water, invented by August Wilhelm von Hofmann (1818--1892) in 1866.	Hofmann voltameter	August Wilhelm von Hofmann
named after	Lazurite is a deep blue to greenish blue.	Lazurite	blue
named after	In mathematics, Auerbach's lemma, named after Herman Auerbach, is a theorem in functional analysis which asserts that a certain property of Euclidean spaces holds for general finite-dimensional normed vector spaces.	Auerbach's lemma	Herman Auerbach
named after	It was later renamed 9998 ISO to honour the Infrared Space Observatory.	9998 ISO	Infrared Space Observatory
named after	The Dakin oxidation, which is closely related to the Baeyer-Villiger oxidation, is not to be confused with the Dakin-West reaction, though both are named after Henry Drysdale Dakin.	Dakin oxidation	Henry Drysdale Dakin
named after	Wilkes Land is named after Lieutenant Charles Wilkes (later a Rear Admiral), the American explorer who commanded the 1838--42 United States Exploring Expedition.	Wilkes Land	Charles Wilkes
narrative location	97 Aces Go Places is a 1997 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Chin Kar-lok and starring Alan Tam, Tony Leung, Christy Chung, Donna Chu and Francis Ng.	97 Aces Go Places	Hong Kong
narrative location	Haiti is the mountain range ``Hait'', and New York City becomes the ruins of ``Niourk''.	Niourk	New York City
narrative location	The Dead and the Gone occurs at the same time as the first novel, but in New York City.	The Dead and the Gone	New York City
narrative location	Code R focuses on the emergency services (police, fire, and ocean rescue) of the California Channel Islands.	Code R	California
narrative location	The Romancing Star is a 1987 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Chow Yun-fat, Eric Tsang, Natalis Chan, Stanley Fung and Maggie Cheung.	The Romancing Star	Hong Kong
narrative location	Is It Legal? is a British television sitcom set in a solicitors office in Hounslow, west London, which ran from 1995 to 1998.	Is It Legal?	London
narrative location	The Man Who Crossed Hitler is a 2011 BBC film set in Berlin in the summer of 1931, dramatising the true story in which lawyer Hans Litten subpoenas Adolf Hitler as a witness in the trial of some Nazi thugs.	The Man Who Crossed Hitler	Berlin
narrative location	Aaron Loves Angela is about two teenagers living in the slums of New York City who are deeply in love with each other.	Aaron Loves Angela	New York City
narrative location	The series centered around the Mayfield family who ran the Hotel Malibu in California.	Hotel Malibu	California
narrative location	The film, which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on January 26, 2007, was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2007 and was followed by Cool School Camp (2008).	Cool School	Turkey
narrative location	Park Street Under is a sitcom set in a fictional bar in the Park Street subway station in Boston, Massachusetts.	Park Street Under	Massachusetts
narrative location	Kutumba ran for 50 days in more than 17 centres across Karnataka and recorded 100 days in many centres across the state like Bangalore, Mysore, Davanagere, Shimoga, Mangalore, Hubli.	Kutumba	Bangalore
narrative location	The Lives of Others (German: Das Leben der Anderen) is a 2006 German drama film, marking the feature film debut of filmmaker Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, about the monitoring of East Berlin residents by agents of the Stasi, the GDR's secret police.	The Lives of Others	Berlin
narrative location	Mitti Na Pharol Jogiya is a Punjabi film based on a true story of 1947 Partition of India and showcases Indo-Pak harmony.	Mitti Na Pharol Jogiya	India
narrative location	Much of Half Baked was shot in Toronto, Ontario and New York City.	Half Baked	New York City
narrative location	Vile Bodies is a 1930 novel by Evelyn Waugh satirising the Bright Young People: decadent young London society between World War I and World War II.	Vile Bodies	London
narrative location	America 3000 is a 1986 post-apocalyptic science-fiction cult film which takes place 900 years in the future in Colorado.	America 3000	Colorado
narrative location	Taken in Broad Daylight is a 2009 American made-for-television movie based on the real-life kidnapping of Nebraska teenager Anne Sluti, who was abducted and held for six days in April 2001 by Anthony Steven Wright, also known as Tony Zappa.	Taken in Broad Daylight	Nebraska
narrative location	Home James! was a British television sitcom which aired from 1987 to 1990, starring comedian Jim Davidson, who played the role of Jim London.	Home James!	London
narrative location	The title character, Ravelstein, is based on the philosopher Allan Bloom, who taught alongside Bellow at the University of Chicago's Committee on Social Thought.	Ravelstein	Chicago
narrative location	Portrait in Black was filmed on in and around San Francisco, including a sequence at Devil's Slide on the Pacific Coast Highway (State Route 1).	Portrait in Black	San Francisco
narrative location	The Great Saint Patrick's Day Flood is a novella for children by the American writer Mildred S. Flaherty based on events of the Pittsburgh Flood of 1936 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	The Great Saint Patrick's Day Flood	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Although About Schmidt is set across the states of Nebraska and Colorado, much of the movie was filmed in Omaha, mostly around Dundee, Millard and the downtown area.	About Schmidt	Colorado
narrative location	The Last Night of the Barbary Coast (1913) was an early example of the exploitation film, showing what was purported to be the last night of the Barbary Coast red-light section of San Francisco.	The Last Night of the Barbary Coast	San Francisco
narrative location	Sure of You (1989) is the sixth book in the Tales of the City series by San Francisco novelist Armistead Maupin.	Sure of You	San Francisco
native language	Abdallah Mohamed Kamil (1 January 1917 -- 9 June 2002) was a Djiboutian politician who served in the French Senate from 1959 until 1964.	Mohamed Kamil	French
native language	Bodo Ramelow (born 16 February 1956 in Osterholz-Scharmbeck) is a German politician of the Left Party who has been Minister-President of Thuringia since 2014.	Bodo Ramelow	German
original network	The Music Jungle was an Australian music television show that was broadcast on the Nine Network on Saturday mornings between 11am and 12pm.	The Music Jungle	Nine Network
original network	You Are What You Eat is a dieting programme aired in various forms between 2004 and 2007 on British broadcasting company Channel 4, and presented by Gillian McKeith.	You Are What You Eat	Channel 4
original network	Miami Animal Police is an American documentary reality television series that premiered on January 5, 2004 on Animal Planet.	Miami Animal Police	Animal Planet
original network	Live from... was a Sunday night live entertainment variety television show that aired on ITV from 16 January 1983 to 27 November 1988 and was hosted by Jimmy Tarbuck.	Live from...	ITV
original network	Hainan Adventure with Nigel Marven is one-hour British travel and nature documentary created by Image Impact production company for Eden and first broadcast in February 2012.	Hainan Adventure with Nigel Marven	Eden
original network	Catch a Contractor is an American reality television home improvement series that premiered March 9, 2014 on Spike.	Catch a Contractor	Spike
original network	The BJ and Dirty Dragon Show (also called Cartoon Town) is a Chicago children's television program that aired on WFLD and later WGN-TV from 1968 to 1974.	The BJ and Dirty Dragon Show	WFLD
original network	Strip Mall is a situation comedy that aired on Comedy Central from June 2000 until March 2001.	Strip Mall	Comedy Central
original network	My Brother and Me is an American sitcom, which ran on Nickelodeon from October 15, 1994 through February 2, 1995.	My Brother and Me	Nickelodeon
original network	Edge of America is an American culture and travel show on the Travel Channel, hosted by and starring Geoff Edgers.	Edge of America	Travel Channel
original network	The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo is a Canadian-American children's mystery television series that ran on Nickelodeon between 1996 and 1998.	The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo	Nickelodeon
original network	Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide (sometimes shortened to ``Ned's Declassified'') is an American live action sitcom on Nickelodeon that debuted in the Nickelodeon Sunday night TEENick scheduling block on September 12, 2004.	Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide	Nickelodeon
original network	The series came to an end in 1981 when Southern Television lost its ITV franchise, but was revived as How 2 in 1990 by TVS.	How 2	ITV
original network	Candy Cabs is a comedy drama series shown on BBC One in April 2011.	Candy Cabs	BBC One
original network	The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh first aired in January 1988 on The Disney Channel.	The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh	Disney Channel
original network	Kaboul Kitchen is a French comedy television series broadcast by Canal+.	Kaboul Kitchen	Canal+
original network	Noot vir Noot (Afrikaans for ``Note for Note'') is an Afrikaans language musical quiz show broadcast on SABC 2 on South African television.	Noot vir Noot	SABC 2
original network	Runway Moms is an American reality television program created for the Discovery Health Channel.	Runway Moms	Discovery Health Channel
original network	The Singer Takes It All was a British talent game show hosted by comedian Alan Carr, airing on Channel 4.	The Singer Takes It All	Channel 4
original network	Chris & John to the Rescue! is a reality television series originally broadcast on OUTtv in 2006.	Chris & John to the Rescue!	OUTtv
original network	Project Greenlight first aired on HBO for two seasons (aired 2001--03) before moving to Bravo for season three in 2005.	Project Greenlight	HBO
original network	The Garry Moore Show is the name for several separate American variety series on the CBS television network in the 1950s and 1960s.	The Garry Moore Show	CBS
original network	Sunday Feast was a short-lived cookery show on British television channel ITV.	Sunday Feast	ITV
original network	Can You Teach My Alligator Manners? is an interactive children's television show that airs on Disney Junior in the USA, Canada, Disney Junior in India and Great Britain and Ireland.	Can You Teach My Alligator Manners?	Disney Junior
original network	Mujeres de nadie (Women of Nobody) is an Argentine telenovela produced by Pol-ka and broadcast by El Trece from May 10, 2007, to November 17, 2008.	Mujeres de nadie	El Trece
original network	Blue Collar Millionaires is an American television docu-series which airs on CNBC.	Blue Collar Millionaires	CNBC
original network	Infiltrados is a 2011 Colombian police procedural drama produced by BE-TV and broadcast by Caracol TV.	Infiltrados	Caracol TV
original network	The Hart and Lorne Terrific Hour is a Canadian television variety show that aired on CBC Television in 1970 and 1971.	The Hart and Lorne Terrific Hour	CBC Television
original network	Matt Hatter Chronicles has been confirmed for a 4th season episodes will air every sunday starting on September 13, 2015 at 7:35am on CITV & ITV Season 4 Episode 1 - On wings of doom:	Matt Hatter Chronicles	CITV
original network	Donnie Loves Jenny is an American reality television series which premiered on January 7, 2015, on the A&E cable network.	Donnie Loves Jenny	A&E
original network	Nissene på låven is a Nordic Christmas calendar that aired on TVNorge in 2001, and is a spoof of reality TV.	Nissene på låven	TVNorge
original network	Charm School with Ricki Lake is the third season of the VH1 reality television series Charm School.	Charm School with Ricki Lake	VH1
original network	Paris enquêtes criminelles (English: Paris Criminal Investigations) is a French television series broadcast since May 3, 2007, on TF1.	Paris enquêtes criminelles	TF1
original network	Great Hotels is a television show on the Travel Channel.	Great Hotels	Travel Channel
original network	Family Trade is an American reality television series broadcast by Game Show Network.	Family Trade	Game Show Network
original network	Madabout was a children's programme broadcast in the '80s on Children's ITV, made by Tyne Tees Television and hosted by Matthew Kelly in 1983 and 1984, and Michael Bentine in 1981--82.	Madabout	ITV
original network	Slednecks is an American reality television series about a group of friends living in Wasilla, Alaska that premiered on MTV on October 30, 2014.	Slednecks	MTV
original network	Late Show with David Letterman is an American late-night talk show hosted by David Letterman on CBS, the first iteration of the Late Show franchise.	Late Show with David Letterman	CBS
original network	Gay Muslims (2006) is a Channel 4 documentary about how the experiences of five lesbian and gay Muslims challenge the heterosexual bias within their British communities.	Gay Muslims	Channel 4
original network	Inside NASCAR was a television show, broadcast on Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, and Sunday during the NASCAR season on Showtime.	Inside NASCAR	Showtime
original network	Bailey Kipper's P.O.V. is a US children's television series that aired in 1996 on CBS Saturday Mornings, starring Michael Galeota, John Achorn and Meg Wittner.	Bailey Kipper's P.O.V.	CBS
original network	Sand Masters is an American reality-television series that premiered on June 1, 2011 on the Travel Channel.	Sand Masters	Travel Channel
original network	The Early Show is an American morning television program that aired on CBS from November 1, 1999 to January 7, 2012, and the ninth attempt at a morning news-talk program by the network since 1954.	The Early Show	CBS
original network	Charles in Charge premiered on CBS on October 3, 1984, and aired initially on Wednesday nights at 8 PM paired with another new sitcom, Dreams.	Charles in Charge	CBS
original network	Weekends with Maury and Connie was an MSNBC television news series featuring light-hearted take on news of the week.	Weekends with Maury and Connie	MSNBC
original network	On October 22, 2012, Canal de las Estrellas started broadcasting Qué bonito amor weeknights at 7:15pm, replacing Amor Bravío.	Qué bonito amor	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Canal de las Estrellas aired Una familia con suerte from February 14, 2011 to February 19, 2012, with Por Ella Soy Eva replacing it.	Una familia con suerte	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Ice-T's Rap School is a reality television show on VH1.	Ice-T's Rap School	VH1
original network	Toasted TV was formerly aired on Network Ten on 22 August 2005 until 25 February 2012.	Toasted TV	Network Ten
original network	The Jack Docherty Show was a nightly comedy chat show which aired on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom between 1997 and 1999.	The Jack Docherty Show	Channel 5
original network	On the Hour was a British radio programme that parodied current affairs broadcasting, broadcast on BBC Radio 4 between 1991 and 1992.	On the Hour	BBC Radio 4
original network	Square Pegs is an American comedy series that aired on CBS during the 1982--1983 season.	Square Pegs	CBS
original network	The Wizard of Odds is an American game show hosted by Alex Trebek that aired on NBC from July 16, 1973 to June 28, 1974 in which people from the studio audience vied in a number of rounds, primarily games revolving around statistical questions.	The Wizard of Odds	NBC
original network	Office Gossip is a British sitcom that aired on BBC One in 2001.	Office Gossip	BBC One
original network	Comedy Cafe is a Canadian comedy television series which aired on CBC Television in 1969.	Comedy Cafe	CBC Television
original network	Chasing Life is an American television drama series that aired on ABC Family from June 10, 2014 to September 28, 2015.	Chasing Life	ABC Family
original network	Wacaday was a children's television series in the United Kingdom that ran in TV-am's school-holidays slot from October 1985 until 1992, in an 8:50-9:25 a.m. slot, and was hosted by Timmy Mallett.	Wacaday	TV-am
original network	Xcalibur is a French Canadian CGI sword-and-sorcery children's television series that originally aired on YTV in 2001 and 2002.	Xcalibur	YTV
original network	Cuff Me If You Can is an American documentary television series on Investigation Discovery that debuted on March 1, 2011.	Cuff Me If You Can	Investigation Discovery
original network	Tá no Ar: a TV na TV (or simply Tá no Ar) is a Brazilian sitcom created by Marcelo Adnet, Marcius Melhem and Mauricio Farias for Rede Globo.	Tá no Ar	Rede Globo
original network	Here's Hollywood is an American celebrity interview program which aired on weekday afternoons on NBC at 4:30 Eastern time from September 26, 1960, to December 28, 1962.	Here's Hollywood	NBC
original network	The Show with Vinny (also known as Show with Vinny) is an American hybrid talk show reality television series on MTV.	The Show with Vinny	MTV
original network	The Brak Show is an animated television series that aired on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim.	The Brak Show	Cartoon Network
original network	The Aquanauts (later known as Malibu Run) is an American adventure/drama series that aired on CBS in the 1960-1961 season.	The Aquanauts	CBS
parent taxon	Tetrachroa is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Tetrachroa edwardsi, which is known from Queensland and New South Wales.	Tetrachroa	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Scolochloa is a genus of grasses in the family Poaceae / Gramineae, now containing a single species, Scolochloa festucacea.	Scolochloa	Poaceae
participant of	Sasha Son (Russian: Dmitry Shavrov, Lithuanian: Dmitrijus Šavrovas, also known as Sasha Song, born 18 September 1983 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian singer who represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.	Sasha Song	Eurovision Song Contest 2009
participant of	Zali Steggall, OAM (born 16 April 1974 in Sydney) is Australia's most internationally successful alpine skier, winning a bronze medal in slalom at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, and a World Championship gold medal in 1999.	Zali Steggall	1998 Winter Olympics
performer	Too Tough marks the fourth album released by the recording artist Angela Bofill, released in early 1983.	Too Tough	Angela Bofill
performer	``What About Your Friends'' is TLC's third single from their debut album, Ooooooohhh...	What About Your Friends	TLC
place of birth	Johannes Basius (c. 1540, Leeuwarden -- 11 September 1596, Delft) was born in Friesland, and studied at Leuven and afterwards in France, where he was made a doctor of law.	Johannes Basius	Leeuwarden
place of birth	Krisztián Berki (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkristiaːn ˈbɛrki); born March 18, 1985 in Budapest) is a Hungarian artistic gymnast.	Krisztián Berki	Budapest
place of death	Ottaviano Fregoso (born in Genoa, 1470 - died in Ischia, 1524) was the Doge of the Republic of Genoa.	Ottaviano Fregoso	Ischia
place of death	Scipione Pulzone (c. 1550 -- February 1, 1598), also known as Il Gaetano, was an Italian late Renaissance Mannerist or, more properly, ``counter-Mannerist'' painter active in Rome.	Scipione Pulzone	Rome
place of death	In 1930, Phani Sarma joined the Kohinoor Opera, the first mobile theatre group of Assam, started by Natyacharya Brajanath Sarma.	Phani Sarma	Assam
place of death	Michele Gismondi (11 June 1931 in Montegranaro - 5 September 2013) was an Italian cyclist.	Michele Gismondi	Montegranaro
place of death	Ali bin Abdurrahman al-Habshi, better known as Habib Ali of Kwitang or Habib Ali Kwitang (born in Jakarta, 20 April 1870 CE - died in Jakarta, October 13, 1968 CE) was one of the leading Islamic clerics and preachers in Jakarta in the 20th century.	Habib Ali Kwitang	Jakarta
place of death	Irving Ungerman (February 1, 1923 -- October 27, 2015) was a Canadian businessman, sports promoter and a prominent member of the Toronto Jewish community.	Irving Ungerman	Toronto
place of death	Edward Arthur Maund (1851 - 17 March 1932, Hampstead) was an African explorer and Rhodesian pioneer.	Edward Arthur Maund	Hampstead
place of death	Francisco Álvares ( c. 1465 in Coimbra -- 1536~1541, Rome) was a Portuguese missionary and explorer.	Francisco Álvares	Rome
place of death	Friedrich Drake (June 23, 1805, Pyrmont -- April 6, 1882, Berlin) was a German sculptor, best known for his huge memorial statues.	Friedrich Drake	Berlin
place of death	Augusts Strautmanis (July 11, 1907, Riga -- January 8, 1990, Ikšķile, Latvia) was a Latvian chess master.	Augusts Strautmanis	Ikšķile
place of death	Ben T. Epps (February 20, 1888, Oconee County, Georgia - October 16, 1937), known as ``Georgia's First Aviator'' was an American aviation pioneer.	Ben T. Epps	Georgia
place of death	John Albert II, Duke of Mecklenburg(-Güstrow) (5 May 1590 in Waren -- 23 April 1636 in Güstrow) was a Duke of Mecklenburg.	John Albert II, Duke of Mecklenburg	Güstrow
place of death	Places named after her include the former Davenport Road in Glenwood, KwaZulu-Natal, the Helen Joseph Hospital in Johannesburg, a student residence at Rhodes University, Grahamstown and a road in Rustenberg.	Helen Joseph	Johannesburg
place of death	Hermann Dewitz (5 November 1848, Obelischken, Insterburg -15 May 1890 Berlin) was a German entomologist who specialized in Lepidoptera.	Hermann Dewitz	Berlin
place of death	Giuseppe Colombo (Padua, October 2, 1920 -- Padua, February 20, 1984), better known by his nickname Bepi Colombo, was an Italian scientist, mathematician and engineer at the University of Padua, Italy (not to be confused with the Italian engineer Giuseppe Colombo, (1836--1921).	Giuseppe Colombo	Padua
place of death	Corporal Vivian Hollowday GC (born 13 October 1916 in Ulceby, Lincolnshire, died 15 April 1977, in Bedford, Bedfordshire), sometimes known as Bob Hollowday, was a British recipient of the George Cross, the highest British and (Commonwealth) medal for gallantry not in the face of the enemy.	Vivian Hollowday	Bedford
place of death	Katherine Prescott Wormeley died on August 4, 1908 at her summer home in Jackson, New Hampshire.	Katherine Prescott Wormeley	Jackson, New Hampshire
place of death	Petrus Zwicker (died 1403 in Vienna) was an East Prussian Inquisitor and cleric of the Roman Catholic Order of the Celestines.	Petrus Zwicker	Vienna
place of death	Hanna Berger, born Johanna Elisabeth Hochleitner-Köllchen; (born 23 August 1910 in Vienna; died 15 January 1962 in East Berlin) was an Austrian dancer, choreographer, teacher, director, theatre director, writer and lifelong anti-Nazi.	Hanna Berger	Berlin
place of death	Pierre Attaingnant (or Attaignant) (c. 1494 -- late 1551 or 1552) was a French music printer, active in Paris.	Pierre Attaingnant	Paris
place of death	Virgil Solis or Virgilius Solis (1514 -- 1 August 1562), a member of a prolific family of artists, was a German draughtsman and printmaker in engraving, etching and woodcut who worked in his native city of Nuremberg.	Virgil Solis	Nuremberg
place of death	James Theodore Ward (September 15, 1902 -- May 8, 1983) was a leftist political playwright and theatre educator during the first half of the 20th century and one of the earliest contributors to the Black Chicago Renaissance.	Theodore Ward	Chicago
place of death	Nicolaes Hasselaer (1593 -- 1635), was a Dutch Golden Age brewer and major of the Amsterdam schutterij, who is best known today for his portrait by Frans Hals.	Nicolaes Hasselaer	Amsterdam
place of death	Günther Schwab (October 7, 1904 in Prague -- April 12, 2006 in Salzburg, Austria) was an Austrian writer and author, and member of the Nazi party.	Günther Schwab	Salzburg
place of death	Estanislao (c. 1798 -- 1838) was an indigenous alcalde of Mission San José and a member and leader of the Lakisamni tribe of the Yokut people of northern California .	Estanislao	Mission San José
place of death	Michel Philibert Genod (1795, Lyon - 1862) was a French painter of the Troubador style.	Michel Philibert Genod	Lyon
place of death	Jacob Boreel (April 1, 1630, Amsterdam -- August 21, 1697, Velsen) was an ambassador in France, sheriff and burgomaster of Amsterdam in 1696.	Jacob Boreel	Velsen
place of death	Lodewijk Caspar Valckenaer (Leeuwarden, June 7, 1715 -- Leiden, March 15, 1785) was a Dutch classical scholar, at Leiden.	Lodewijk Caspar Valckenaer	Leiden
place of death	Richard Lenel (born 29 July 1869 in Mannheim; died 3 August 1950 in Neckargemünd) was chairman of the chamber of commerce and honorary citizen of the city of Mannheim, Germany.	Richard Lenel	Neckargemünd
place of death	Baron Robert Rothschild (16 December 1911, in Brussels -- 3 December 1998, in London) was a Belgian diplomat.	Robert Rothschild	London
place of death	Francis Hopkinson was born at Philadelphia in 1737, the son of Thomas Hopkinson and Mary Johnson.	Francis Hopkinson	Philadelphia
place of death	Felix Scheffler (February 9, 1915 in Hamburg, Germany -- March 13, 1986 Rostock, Germany), was a World War II Wehrmacht veteran, Konteradmiral, and first Chief of the East German People's Navy (Volksmarine).	Felix Scheffler	Rostock
place of death	Enrico Gamba (3 June 1831, Turin - 19 October 1883, Turin) was an Italian painter of genre scenes, period pieces and a few portraits.	Enrico Gamba	Turin
place of death	Kamil al-Husayni (Arabic: كامل الحسيني‎, also Kamel al-Hussaini) (23 February 1882 - 31 March 1921) was a Sunni Muslim religious leader and the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem from 1908 until his death.	Kamil al-Husayni	Jerusalem
place of death	Mario Santiago Papasquiaro is the pen name of José Alfredo Zendejas Pineda (Mexico City, December 25, 1953 -- 1998).	Mario Santiago Papasquiaro	Mexico City
place of death	Louis-Adrien Lusson (1788 in La Flèche - 1864 in Rome) was a French architect.	Louis-Adrien Lusson	Rome
place of death	Hans Jørgen Garde (22 January 1939 in Frederiksberg -- 3 August 1996 on Vágar, Faroe Islands) was a Danish admiral.	Jørgen Garde	Vágar
place of death	Deiva Zivarattinam (born December 3, 1894, Pondicherry, d. March 25, 1975, Pondicherry) was an Indian politician.	Deiva Zivarattinam	Pondicherry
place of death	Sergio Goretti (2 April 1929 - 22 June 2012) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Assisi-Nocera Umbra-Gualdo Tadino, Italy.	Sergio Goretti	Assisi
place of death	Odd Frantzen (20 January 1913 -- 2 October 1977) was a Norwegian football player from Bergen who played for SK Hardy.	Odd Frantzen	Bergen
place of death	Bobby Etheridge (25 March 1934 - 4 March 1988) was an English footballer who played for Gloucester City, Bristol City and Cheltenham Town.	Bobby Etheridge	Gloucester
place of death	Robert Baldwin Sullivan, QC (May 24, 1802 -- April 14, 1853), was a Canadian lawyer, judge, and politician who became the 2nd Mayor of Toronto.	Robert Baldwin Sullivan	Toronto
place of death	Heather Sears died in early 1994 of multiple organ failure, at the comparatively early age of 58, at the family home in Hinchley Wood near Esher, Surrey.	Heather Sears	Hinchley Wood
place of death	Gwen Bristow (September 16, 1903 in Marion, South Carolina -- August 17, 1980 in New Orleans, Louisiana) was an American author and journalist.	Gwen Bristow	New Orleans
place of death	Friedrich August Bouterwek (or Buterweck) was a German artist, who spent much of his life in Paris.	Friedrich August Bouterwek	Paris
place of death	William Dorsheimer (February 5, 1832 in Lyons, Wayne County, New York -- March 26, 1888 in Savannah, Chatham County, Georgia) was an American lawyer, journalist and politician.	William Dorsheimer	Savannah
place of death	Hartono Rekso Dharsono (Pekalongan, Central Java, 10 June 1925 - Bandung, West Java 5 June 1996) or more commonly known as HR Dharsono was a prominent General in the early years of General Suharto's New Order regime.	Hartono Rekso Dharsono	Bandung
place of death	Stevča Mihailović (Jagodina January 1804 -- September 19, 1888 Belgrade), was a Serbian politician and Prime Minister.	Stevča Mihailović	Belgrade
place of death	Franz Hengsbach (September 10, 1910 -- June 24, 1991) was a German Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Essen from 1957 to 1991, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1988.	Franz Hengsbach	Essen
place of death	Curt Meyer-Clason (Ludwigsburg, 19 September 1910 -- Munich, 13 January 2012) was a German writer and translator.	Curt Meyer-Clason	Munich
place of death	The Vern Riffe Center for Government and the Arts, located across High Street from the Ohio Statehouse in Downtown Columbus, provides office space for the Governor of Ohio, members of the Ohio House of Representatives and many state agencies.	Vern Riffe	Columbus
place of death	Charles Louis Perceval de Loriol (24 July 1828, Geneva -- 23 December 1908, Cologny) was a Swiss paleontologist and stratigraphist.	Perceval de Loriol	Cologny
place of death	Albert Charpin, born in Grasse, Alpes-Maritimes in 1842, died in Asnières-sur-Seine in 1924.	Albert Charpin	Asnières-sur-Seine
place of death	Levin Ludwig Schücking (29 May 1878, Steinfurt, Westphalia -- 12 October 1964, Farchant) was a German scholar of the English language and English literature.	Levin Ludwig Schücking	Farchant
place of death	Manolis Kalomiris (Greek: Μανώλης Καλομοίρης; December 14, 1883, Smyrna -- April 3, 1962, Athens), was a Greek classical composer.	Manolis Kalomiris	Athens
place of death	Lot Whitcomb (1807--1857) was an American commercial entrepreneur and politician who established the city of Milwaukie, Oregon.	Lot Whitcomb	Oregon
place of death	Sergei Yefimovich Zakharov (Russian: Серге́й Ефи́мович Заха́ров; November 26, 1900, town Alexandrovsk-Sakhalinsky, Sakalin Province of Russian Empire -- January 24, 1993, Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation) was a Russian Soviet painter, watercolorist, graphic artist, and interior designer, who lived and worked in Leningrad.	Sergei Yefimovich Zakharov	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Hermann Brunn was born in Rome, and grew up in Munich.	Hermann Brunn	Munich
place of death	Dr. Diogo Inácio de Pina Manique (Lisbon, Santa Catarina, 3 October 1733 -- Lisbon, Anjos, 1 July 1805) was a Portuguese magistrate.	Pina Manique	Lisbon
place of death	Arkādijs Pavlovs (2 February 1903 in Riga -- 26 June 1960 in Riga) was a Latvian footballer and football manager, a five-time champion of Latvia.	Arkādijs Pavlovs	Riga
place of death	Frédéric Blasius (24 April 1758, in Lauterbourg -- 1829, in Versailles) was a French violinist, clarinetist, conductor, and composer.	Frédéric Blasius	Versailles
place of death	Károly Aggházy, or Aggházy Károly in Hungarian order (30 October 1855 in Budapest -- 8 October 1918 in Budapest) was a Hungarian piano virtuoso and composer.	Károly Aggházy	Budapest
place of death	Nicolas Poussin (French: (nikɔlɑ pusɛ̃); June 1594 -- 19 November 1665) was the leading painter of the classical French Baroque style, although he spent most of his working life in Rome.	Nicolas Poussin	Rome
place of death	Subandrio was born in Malang, East Java, and educated at the Sekolah Tinggi Kedokteran Jakarta (GHS) in Jakarta.	Subandrio	Jakarta
place of death	Karel Hlaváček (August 24, 1874, Prague -- June 15, 1898, Prague) was a Czech Symbolist and Decadent poet and artist.	Karel Hlaváček	Prague
place of death	Warren Barker (born in Oakland, California on April 16, 1923; died in Greenville, South Carolina August 3, 2006) was an American composer known for work in film, radio, and television.	Warren Barker	Greenville
place of death	Knut Torbjørn Eggen (1 November 1960 -- 20 February 2012) was a Norwegian football coach and player, famous for his time in Rosenborg as a player, and Moss and Fredrikstad as a coach.	Knut Torbjørn Eggen	Moss
place of death	Giovanni Preziosi (24 October 1881 in Torella dei Lombardi -- 26 April 1945 in Milan) was an Italian fascist politician noted for his antisemitism.	Giovanni Preziosi	Milan
place of death	Peter Costigan (21 June 1935 -- 5 August 2002) was an Australian journalist and Lord Mayor of Melbourne from 1999 to 2001.	Peter Costigan	Melbourne
place of death	Georg von Speyer (* 1500 in Speyer, Holy Roman Empire; † 11 June 1540 in Coro, Venezuela) was a German conquistador in New Granada, now Venezuela and Colombia.	Georg von Speyer	Coro
place of death	Philip Grierson, FBA (15 November 1910 -- 15 January 2006) was a British historian and numismatist, emeritus professor of numismatics at Cambridge University and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College for over seventy years.	Philip Grierson	Cambridge
place of death	Joseph Gelinek (3 December 1758 -- 13 April 1825) was a Czech-born composer and pianist, living in Vienna for most of his career.	Joseph Gelinek	Vienna
place of death	LeRoy Stone (January 5, 1894 in San Francisco, California -- September 15, 1949 in Santa Monica, California) was an American film editor and a screenwriter.	LeRoy Stone	Santa Monica
place of death	Gerhard Benkowitz and Hans-Dietrich Kogel lost their lives at the National Execution Centre in Dresden.	Gerhard Benkowitz	Dresden
place of death	Josef Jindřich Šechtl (May 9, 1877 Tábor -- February 24, 1954 Tábor) was a Czech photographer who specialized in photojournalism and portrait photography.	Josef Jindřich Šechtl	Tábor
place of death	Sigismund Felix Freiherr von Ow-Felldorf (18 October 1855 in Berchtesgaden -- 11 May 1936 in Passau) was the Bishop of Passau, Germany from 1907 until his death in 1936.	Sigismund Felix Freiherr von Ow-Felldorf	Passau
place of death	Oldřich Nový (born 7 August 1899 in Prague -- died 15 March 1983 in Prague) was a Czech film and theatre actor, director, composer, dramaturg and singer.	Oldřich Nový	Prague
place of death	Luke Taft (3 June 1783 -- 7 April 1863 at Uxbridge, Massachusetts) was an industrial pioneer in the manufacture of woolens in 19th century New England.	Luke Taft	Uxbridge
place of death	Gil Andersen died on July 26, 1935 in Logansport, Indiana at age 55.	Gil Andersen	Logansport
place of death	Caspar Crowninshield was born into one of Boston's elite families.	Caspar Crowninshield	Boston
place of death	Else Marie Jakobsen (28 February 1927 -- 12 December 2012) was a Norwegian designer and textile artist, living in Kristiansand.	Else Marie Jakobsen	Kristiansand
place of death	Akiba Israel Wertheimer (1778-1835) was the first Chief Rabbi of Altona and Schleswig-Holstein.	Akiba Israel Wertheimer	Altona
place of death	Colonel Philip Meadows Taylor CSI (September 25, 1808 -- May 13, 1876 in Menton), an administrator and novelist, was born in Liverpool, England.	Philip Meadows Taylor	Menton
place of death	Jan Franse Verzijl (1599, Gouda -- 1647, Gouda), was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter.	Jan Franse Verzijl	Gouda
place of death	Hermann Paul Müller (born in Bielefeld, 21 November 1909 - died in Ingolstadt, 30 December 1975) was a German sidecar, motorcycle, and race car driver.	Hermann Paul Müller	Ingolstadt
place of death	Panyassis of Halicarnassus, sometimes known as Panyasis (Ancient Greek: Πανύασις), was a 5th-century BC Greek epic poet, famous for the Heracleia and the Ionica.	Panyassis	Halicarnassus
place of death	Major Augustin Schramm (March 2, 1907, Liberec -- May 27, 1948, Prague) was an ethnic German Czechoslovak communist professional and NKVD agent.	Augustin Schramm	Prague
place of death	Leon Liebgold (July 31, 1910, Kraków -- September 3, 1993, New Hope, Pennsylvania) was an actor in the Yiddish theatre.	Leon Liebgold	New Hope
place of death	Mohammed Aziz Djellouli (born Tunis, December 14, 1896 - died Radès, 1975) was a Tunisian politician and businessman.	Aziz Djellouli	Radès
place of death	Ali Fuat Cebesoy (September 1882, Constantinople (Istanbul) -- January 10, 1968, Istanbul) was a Turkish officer, politician and statesman.	Ali Fuat Cebesoy	Istanbul
place of death	Simone Simoni (1532, Lucca - 1602, Kraków) was an Italian philosopher and physician.	Simone Simoni	Kraków
place of death	At the end of the Edo Period (1603--1867), Hiroshige, Kuniyoshi and Kunisada were the three best representatives of the Japanese color woodcut in Edo (capital city of Japan, now Tokyo).	Kunisada	Edo
place of death	Risto Savin (Žalec, 1858 -- Zagreb, 1948), born Friderik Širca, was a Slovenian composer.	Risto Savin	Zagreb
place of death	Carl Bernhard Salin (January 14, 1861, Örebro -- October 20, 1931, Stockholm), was a Swedish archaeologist, cultural historian and museum curator.	Bernhard Salin	Stockholm
place of death	Antonio Caimi (1814--1878) was an Italian painter and biographer of artists, active in Milan and best known for his portraits.	Antonio Caimi	Milan
place of death	Josef Bühler (also referred to as Joseph Buehler) (16 February 1904 -- 22 August 1948) was a secretary and deputy governor to the Nazi-controlled General Government in Kraków during World War II.	Josef Bühler	Kraków
place of death	Christer Strömholm (July 22, 1918 in Stockholm -- January 11, 2002 in Stockholm), also known by the pseudonym Christer Christian, was a Swedish photographer and educator.	Christer Strömholm	Stockholm
place of death	Pedro Antonio Ríos Reyna (Colón, Táchira State, Venezuela. November 16, 1905 - February 13, 1971, New York City, U.S.) was one of the most important Venezuelan classical musicians.	Pedro Antonio Ríos Reyna	New York City
place of death	After Salzwedel was again under Prussian administration, in 1816 Ludwig von Westphalen was transferred to Trier.	Ludwig von Westphalen	Trier
place of death	Eduard Grigoryan was born in 1929 in Krasnodar, U.S.S.R. Soon after his birth, Grigoryan's family moved to Yerevan, Armenia, where he grew up.	Eduard Grigoryan	Yerevan
place of death	William Westgarth was the son of John Westgarth, surveyor-general of customs for Scotland, and his wife Christian, née Thomson He was born at Edinburgh.	William Westgarth	Edinburgh
place of death	Abraham Begeyn (ca. 1637 Leiden - 11 June 1697 Berlin), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Abraham Begeyn	Berlin
place of death	Titta Ruffo died in Florence from heart disease in 1953, aged 76.	Titta Ruffo	Florence
place of death	Isaac Abraham Euchel (Hebrew: יצחק אייכל‎; born at Copenhagen, October 17, 1756; died at Berlin, June 14, 1804) was a Hebrew author and founder of the ``Haskalah-movement''.	Isaac Abraham Euchel	Berlin
place of death	Carlo Airoldi (21 September 1869 in Origgio -- 18 June 1929 in Milan) was an Italian marathon runner, famous for walking to the 1896 Olympics.	Carlo Airoldi	Milan
place of death	Princess Marie of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (3 February 1808 in Weimar -- 18 January 1877 in Berlin), was a princess of Saxe-Wiemar-Eisenach by birth, and by marriage a princess of Prussia.	Princess Marie of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach	Berlin
place of death	Louis-Charles-Bonaventure-Alfred Bruneau (3 March 1857, in Paris -- 15 June 1934, in Paris) was a French composer who played a key role in the introduction of realism in French opera.	Alfred Bruneau	Paris
place of death	Jan van Bijlert was born in Utrecht, the son of the stained glass worker Herman Beernts van Bijlert.	Jan van Bijlert	Utrecht
place of death	Marcel Marceau died at the racetrack in Cahors, France, on 22 September 2007 at the age of 84.	Marcel Marceau	Cahors
place of death	Jean d'Arces was born in Montiers, the son of a noble family.	Jean d'Arces	Montiers
place of death	Maurizio Merli (8 February 1940 in Rome -- 10 March 1989) was an Italian film actor.	Maurizio Merli	Rome
place of death	Laura Dianti (Ferrara, ca. 1480 -- Ferrara, Italy, 25 June 1573) was a lover of Alfonso I d'Este, Duke of Ferrara after the death of his wife Lucrezia Borgia.	Laura Dianti	Ferrara
place of death	Celio Calcagnini (Ferrara, 17 September 1479 -- Ferrara, 24 April 1541), also known as Caelius Calcagninus, was an Italian humanist and scientist from Ferrara.	Celio Calcagnini	Ferrara
place of death	Sir William Blake Richmond KCB, RA, PPRBSA (29 November 1842 -- 11 February 1921), was a portrait painter and a designer of stained glass and mosaic, whose works include mosaic decorations below the dome and in the apse of St Paul's cathedral in London.	William Blake Richmond	London
place of death	In 1521, D. Duarte de Menezes was named by King Manuel I of Portugal as the next governor of Portuguese India, succeeding Diogo Lopes de Sequeira.	Duarte de Menezes	Portugal
place of death	Wes Graham was an influential Professor of Computer Science at the University of Waterloo, with strong ties to industry.	Wes Graham	Waterloo
place of death	Art Bisch (November 10, 1926 - July 6, 1958 Atlanta, Georgia), was an American racecar driver.	Art Bisch	Atlanta
place of death	Sir Robert Bond (February 25, 1857 -- March 16, 1927) was the last Premier of Newfoundland Colony from 1900 to 1907 and the first prime minister of the Dominion of Newfoundland from 1907 to 1909 after the 1907 Imperial Conference conferred dominion status on the island.	Robert Bond	Newfoundland
place of death	Guillaume de Bray (born at Bray in the Ile-de-France, date unknown; died in Orvieto, 29 April 1282) was a French ecclesiastic and Roman Catholic Cardinal.	Guillaume de Bray	Orvieto
place of death	He sponsored the construction of the Madrasa-Khanqa of Sultan Barquq in the center of Cairo.	Barquq	Cairo
place of death	Thomas Nimene Botoe (December 25, 1912 -- August 20, 1969) was a Liberian politician, Governor of the Kru Community in Monrovia.	Thomas Nimene Botoe	Monrovia
place of death	Johann Georg Wirsung (July 3, 1589 Augsburg -- August 22, 1643 Padua) was a German anatomist who was a long-time prosector in Padua.	Johann Georg Wirsung	Padua
place of death	Józef Różański (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjuzɛf ruˈʐaɲskʲi); b. Josek Goldberg; Warsaw, 13 July 1907 -- 21 August 1981, Warsaw) was a communist in prewar Second Polish Republic, member of the Soviet NKVD and later, colonel of the Stalinist Ministry of Public Security of Poland.	Józef Różański	Warsaw
place of death	Friedrich Lorenz (10 June 1897 in Klein Freden -- 13 November 1944 in Halle) was a Catholic priest and a member of the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate.	Friedrich Lorenz	Halle
place of death	Johan Albrecht Ehrenström (1762--1847) was a notable Finnish politician and official who is best remembered as the designer of Helsinki city plan.	Johan Albrecht Ehrenström	Helsinki
place of death	Hanno Drechsler (24 March 1931 -- 4 January 2003) was the Lord Mayor of the City of Marburg, Germany between 1970 and 1992, and the instigator of its restoration after urban renewal; he was also an important Social Democratic politician and political scientist.	Hanno Drechsler	Marburg
place of death	Stachys the Apostle (Greek: Στάχυς ``ear-spike''), was the second bishop of Byzantium, from AD 38 to AD 54.	Stachys the Apostle	Byzantium
place of death	Paul Hoecker (11 August 1854, Oberlangenau - 13 January 1910, Munich) was a German painter of the Munich School and founding member of the Munich Secession	Paul Hoecker	Munich
place of death	After discovering the teachings of Elijah Muhammed in the 1960s, he adopted the name Yusuf Bey and moved to Oakland, California, and then Santa Barbara, California, where in 1968 he opened a bakery.	Yusuf Bey	Oakland
place of death	Joseph Adamy (born 15 January 1778 in Oberwesel; died 24 February 1849 in Hadamar) was a Nassauian mine owner and politician.	Joseph Adamy	Hadamar
place of death	Pierre Chambiges, (died 19 June 1544), was a French master mason (maître des œuvres de maçonnerie et pavement de la Ville de Paris) and architect to François I of France and his son Henri II. As surveyor and architect, Chambiges was involved in numerous royal and official projects:	Pierre Chambiges	Paris
place of death	María Edwards was born in Santiago, the daughter of Agustín Edwards Ross and of María Luisa McClure Ossandón.	María Edwards	Santiago
place of death	Elsa Guerdrum Allen (1888, Washington, D.C. -- 29 January 1969, Utica, New York) was an American ornithologist, lecturer, author and historian of ornithology, known for her 1951 book The history of American ornithology before Audubon.	Elsa Guerdrum Allen	Utica
place of death	Pedro Cortina y Mauri (born La Pobla de Segur, 18 March 1908 - Madrid, 14 February 1993) was a Spanish politician and diplomat who served as the last Minister of Foreign Affairs under Francisco Franco between 1974 and 1975.	Pedro Cortina y Mauri	Madrid
place of death	Nico Gunzburg (2 September 1882, Riga, Russian Empire -- 5 March 1984, Antwerp, Belgium) was a Belgian lawyer and criminologist.	Nico Gunzburg	Antwerp
place of death	Guido Adler (1 November 1855, Ivančice (Eibenschütz), Moravia -- 15 February 1941, Vienna) was a Bohemian-Austrian musicologist and writer.	Guido Adler	Vienna
place of death	Luis Andrés Caicedo Estela (29 September 1951 - 4 March 1977) was a Colombian writer born in Cali, the city where he would spend most of his life.	Andrés Caicedo	Cali
place of death	Robert Herzog (1823--1886) was the Roman Catholic diocesan Bishop of Wrocław in 1882--1886.	Robert Herzog	Wrocław
place of death	Orígenes Lessa, journalist, short story writer, novelist, and a writer of essays, was born in Lençóis Paulista, SP, on July 12, 1903, and died in Rio de Janeiro, RJ, on July 13, 1986.	Orígenes Lessa	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Rudolf Pannwitz (27 May 1881, Crossen/Oder, Silesia, Prussia - 23 March 1969, Astano, Ticino, Switzerland) was a German writer, poet and philosopher.	Rudolf Pannwitz	Astano
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Martin, known as ``Martin des Batailles'' (1659, Paris - 8 October 1735, Paris) was a French painter, decorator and designer who specialized in drawings for tapestries.	Jean-Baptiste Martin	Paris
place of death	Otto Böckel (born 2 July 1859 in Frankfurt am Main - died 17 September 1923 in Michendorf) was a German populist politician who became one of the first to successfully exploit anti-Semitism as a political issue in the country.	Otto Böckel	Michendorf
place of death	Hans Conrad Escher von der Linth (born August 24, 1767 in Zürich; died March 9, 1823) was a Swiss scientist, artist, and politician.	Hans Conrad Escher von der Linth	Zürich
place of death	Baba Amte was born to Mr. Devidas Amte and Mrs. Laxmibai Amte in the city of Hinganghat in Wardha District of Maharashtra on 26 December 1914.	Baba Amte	Maharashtra
place of death	Wilhelm Friedrich Georg Behn (25 December 1808, Kiel -- 14 May 1878, Dresden) was a German anatomist and zoologist.	Wilhelm Friedrich Georg Behn	Dresden
place of death	Antoine-François Callet (1741--1823, Paris), generally known as Antoine Callet, was a French painter of portraits and allegorical works, who acted as official portraitist to Louis XVI.	Antoine-François Callet	Paris
place of death	Johann Georg Ritter von Zimmermann (8 December 1728, in Brugg, Aargau -- 7 October 1795, in Hanover) was a Swiss philosophical writer, naturalist, and physician.	Johann Georg Ritter von Zimmermann	Hanover
place of death	Maria Carmela Lico or Licco (1927--1985) spent most of her research life as a physiologist studying the neural mechanisms of pain at the Department of Physiology of the Faculdade de Medicina de Ribeirão Preto (Brazil).	Maria Carmela Lico	Brazil
place of death	Simon Le Duc (Paris, 15 January 1742- 22 January 1777) was a French violinist, soloist at the Concert Spirituel, music publisher and composer.	Simon Le Duc	Paris
place of death	Elio Toaff (30 April 1915 -- 19 April 2015) was the Chief Rabbi of Rome from 1951 to 2002.	Elio Toaff	Rome
place of death	Edoardo Molinar (31 August 1907, Rocca Canavese, Italy -- 22 September 1994, Rocca Canavese, Italy) was an Italian cyclist.	Edoardo Molinar	Rocca Canavese
place of death	Hansi Lang (born January 13, 1955 in Vienna -- d. August 24, 2008 in Vienna) was an Austrian singer and actor.	Hansi Lang	Vienna
place of death	Eugen Schüfftan (21 July 1893, Breslau, Silesia, Germany, now Wroclaw, Poland -- 6 September 1977, New York City) was a German Jewish cinematographer.	Eugen Schüfftan	New York City
place of death	Eugène Christophe (born Malakoff, Paris, France, 22 January 1885, died Paris, 1 February 1970 in) was a French road bicycle racer and pioneer of cyclo-cross.	Eugène Christophe	Paris
place of death	Ely Jacques Kahn (1884--1972) was an American commercial architect who designed numerous skyscrapers in New York City in the twentieth century.	Ely Jacques Kahn	New York City
place of death	Wilhelm Wackernagel (23 April 1806, Berlin -- 21 December 1869, Basel) was a German-Swiss philologist specializing in Germanic studies.	Wilhelm Wackernagel	Basel
place of death	Karl Grobben (August 27, 1854, Brno -- April 13, 1945, Salzburg) was an Austrian biologist.	Karl Grobben	Salzburg
place of death	Guido Frederico João Pabst (born 19 September 1914 in Porto Alegre, died 27 April 1980 in Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian botanist.	Guido Frederico João Pabst	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Elisabeth of Saxony (born: 18 October 1552 at Wolkenstein Castle in Wolkenstein -- died: 2 April 1590 in Heidelberg) was an Saxon princess from the House of Wettin by birth and by marriage Countess Palatine of Simmern.	Elisabeth of Saxony	Heidelberg
place of death	Jüri Randviir (27 May 1927, Tallinn -- 8 August 1996, Tallinn) was an Estonian chess player and journalist, who four times won the Estonian Chess Championship.	Jüri Randviir	Tallinn
place of death	Otto Immisch (18 June 1862, Wartha, Lusatia - 29 October 1936, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German classical scholar.	Otto Immisch	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Friedrich Adolph Haage (24 March 1796 in Erfurt -- 20 September 1866 in Erfurt) was a German gardener and botanist.	Friedrich Adolph Haage	Erfurt
place of death	Margaret Clap (died c. 1726), better known as Mother Clap, ran a coffee house from 1724 to 1726 in Holborn, Middlesex, a short distance from the City of London.	Margaret Clap	London
place of death	Giuseppe De Cristoforis (or De Cristofori) (11 October 1803, Milan -- 27 December 1837, also Milan) was an Italian naturalist and collector.	Giuseppe De Cristoforis	Milan
place of death	Alfredo Ormando (15 December 1958 in San Cataldo -- 23 January 1998 in Rome) was a gay writer from Palermo who died as a result of setting himself on fire outside Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome.	Alfredo Ormando	Rome
place of death	Leni Schmidt (Helene Hermine Schmidt; 28 December 1906 in Bremen -- 11 November 1985 in Bremen) was a German athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres.	Leni Schmidt	Bremen
place of death	The James Dwight Dana House in New Haven, Connecticut was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.	James Dwight Dana	New Haven, Connecticut
place of death	Mary Ann Vincent (September 18, 1818 Portsmouth, England -- September 4, 1887 Boston) was a British born American actress.	Mary Ann Vincent	Boston
place of death	Philip Livingston (January 15, 1716 -- June 12, 1778) was an American merchant and statesman from New York City.	Philip Livingston	York
place of death	Alex Vetchinsky (1904- 4 March 1980, Hove, East Sussex, England) was a British film art director and production designer, nominated for BAFTA Film Award.	Alex Vetchinsky	Hove
place of death	Richard Kohn (February 27, 1888--1963) was an Austrian football player and later coach of FC Bayern Munich, FC Barcelona and Feyenoord Rotterdam.	Richard Kohn	Rotterdam
place of death	Sigbert Josef Maria Ganser (24 January 1853, Rhaunen, Rhine Province -- 4 January 1931, Dresden, Saxony) was a German psychiatrist born in Rhaunen.	Sigbert Josef Maria Ganser	Dresden
place of death	Mirosław Justek (23 September 1948 in Słupsk -- 24 January 1998 in Poznań) was a Polish football player.	Mirosław Justek	Poznań
place of death	Stella Obasanjo died a few weeks before her 60th birthday from complications of cosmetic surgery at a private health clinic in Puerto Banús, Marbella, Spain, on 23 October 2005.	Stella Obasanjo	Puerto Banús
place of death	Henriette H. Lannes or Madame Lannes (born 12 November 1899 in Puyoô, France died 28 May 1980 in Paris) Pupil of G. I. Gurdjieff and teacher of Gurdjieff's system, mainly to English pupils in the Gurdjieff Foundation of Paris and London.	Henriette H. Lannes	Paris
place of death	Anna Maria Schwegelin was born in poverty in the area near Kempten im Allgäu and served as a maid.	Anna Maria Schwegelin	Kempten
place of death	Federico Seismit-Doda, born in Ragusa (Dubrovnik), in the Kingdom of Dalmatia (today's Croatia), 1825 and died in Rome 1893.	Federico Seismit-Doda	Rome
place of death	Hendrick de Clerck (c. 1560 -- 27 August 1630) was a Flemish painter active in Brussels during the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries.	Hendrick de Clerck	Brussels
place of death	Felix Krueger (or Krüger) (10 August 1874 in Posen; - 25 February 1948 in Basel) was a German psychologist and professor at the University of Leipzig.	Felix Krueger	Basel
place of death	Gaetano Merola (4 January 1881 -- 30 August 1953) was an Italian conductor, pianist and founder of the San Francisco Opera.	Gaetano Merola	San Francisco
place of death	Ludwig Pfyffer (1524 -- 17 March 1594) was a Swiss military leader, spokesman for Roman Catholic interests in the cantons, chief magistrate of Lucerne, and probably the most important Swiss political figure in the latter half of the 16th century.	Ludwig Pfyffer	Lucerne
place of death	Aldo Cevenini (born 8 November 1889 in Arona; died 26 October 1973 in Deiva Marina) was an Italian professional football player and coach.	Aldo Cevenini	Deiva Marina
place of death	Fritz Prager (born 17 December 1905 in Wolfenbüttel; died 3 December 1940 in Braunschweig) was a member of the Fallschirmjäger during World War II. Fritz Prager joined the Reichswehr on 26 November 1923 as a member of the 10th Infantry Regiment.	Fritz Prager	Braunschweig
place of death	Pietro Andrea Ziani (1616 in Venice -- 1684 in Naples) was an Italian organist and composer.	Pietro Andrea Ziani	Naples
place of death	Patriarch Dymytriy (Yarema) (9 December 1915 -- 25 February 2000) was the second patriarch of Kiev and all Ukraine, and of the Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church (UAOC).	Patriarch Dymytriy (Yarema)	Kiev
place of death	Josephus claimed the Jewish Messianic prophecies that initiated the First Roman-Jewish War made reference to Vespasian becoming Emperor of Rome.	Josephus	Rome
place of death	Ilija Čarapić (Serbian Cyrillic: Илија Чарапић, pronounced (ǐlija t͡ʃǎrapit͡ɕ)), was the first Mayor of Belgrade, Serbia.	Ilija Čarapić	Belgrade
place of death	Solhi al-Wadi (Arabic: صلحي الوادي‎‎, ṣulḥī al-wādī) (1934--2007) was an Iraqi-born musician, conductor, composer, educator and director, who lived most of his life in Damascus, Syria.	Solhi al-Wadi	Damascus
place of death	Jos De Haes (Leuven, 22 April 1920-Jette, 1 March 1974) was a Flemish writer and poet.	Jos De Haes	Jette
place of death	Eugène Koeberlé (4 January 1828, Sélestat - 13 June 1915, Strasbourg) was a French surgeon to the Faculté de médecine in Strasbourg, earning his agrégation in 1853.	Eugène Koeberlé	Strasbourg
place of death	Theodor Kleinschmidt (6 March 1834 in Wolfhagen -- 10 April 1881 in Utuaia, Bismarck Archipelago) was a German trader, explorer and naturalist.	Theodor Kleinschmidt	Bismarck Archipelago
place of death	Ernest Nys (March 27, 1851, Kortrijk, Belgium-September 4, 1920, Brussels, Belgium) was a Belgian lawyer and a professor of Public International Law at the University of Brussels.	Ernest Nys	Brussels
place of death	During shooting for Poove Unakkaga Viji experienced hip and back pain and she underwent an operation on her spinal cord in 1996 at the Chennai Apollo Hospitals.	Viji	Chennai
place of death	Timothy Cunningham (died 1789) was a London barrister, legal writer and antiquarian, thought to have been Irish.	Timothy Cunningham	London
place of death	Eladia Blázquez (February 24, 1931, Avellaneda, Buenos Aires Province -- August 31, 2005) was an Argentine tango singer and composer.	Eladia Blázquez	Buenos Aires
place of death	Karl Deilmann died on 12 January 1985 in the spa town of Bad Bentheim.	Karl Deilmann	Bad Bentheim
place of death	In 1893, after pastoral work, teaching, and minor curial staff positions, Donato Sbarretti was made canon of a church in Rome and posted to the United States as auditor in the apostolic delegation.	Donato Sbarretti	Rome
place of death	Willi Schlage (24 December 1888 -- 5 May 1940 in Berlin) was a German chess master and trainer.	Willi Schlage	Berlin
place of death	Gustav Sandgren, born 20 August 1904 in Western Stenby in Motala, Östergötland, died 11 August 1983 at Lidingö in Stockholm, was an author.	Gustav Sandgren	Stockholm
place of death	Pierre François Xavier de Ram (September 2, 1804, Leuven - May 14, 1865, Leuven), was a Belgian churchman, and historian, best known for being the first rector of the new Catholic University of Mechlin (1834) and then of the new Catholic University of Leuven (1835).	Pierre François Xavier de Ram	Leuven
place of death	Juliusz Janotha (b. 1819 -- d. 26 June 1883 in Warsaw), was a Polish pianist, composer and teacher of German origin.	Juliusz Janotha	Warsaw
place of death	Amompharetus, son of Poliadas, was a Spartan company commander at the Battle of Plataea.	Amompharetus	Plataea
place of death	Mynavathi died on 10 November 2012 at the BGS Global Hospital, Bangalore from cardiac arrest.	Mynavathi	Bangalore
place of death	Egmont Arens purchased the Washington Square Book Shop at 27 West Eighth Street in Greenwich Village, New York City from Frank Shay, and operated the store from 1917 to 1923.	Egmont Arens	New York City
place of death	Carl Georg Rogberg (6 August 1789 in Växjö - 28 January 1834 in Uppsala) was a Swedish priest and university teacher.	Carl Georg Rogberg	Uppsala
place of death	Hans Androschin (born Johann Androschin, 16 March 1892 in Vienna -- 18 May 1976 in Vienna) was an Austrian cinematographer.	Hans Androschin	Vienna
place of death	Pietro Delitala's father, Nicholas was the mayor of Bosa in 1556.	Pietro Delitala	Bosa
place of death	Nicola Pasetto (20 June 1961, Verona -- 29 March 1997) was an Italian politician.	Nicola Pasetto	Verona
place of death	David Calderhead (19 June 1864, in Hurlford, -- 9 January 1938 in London) was a Scottish footballer who later became a manager, notably of Chelsea.	David Calderhead	London
place of death	J. Roy Hunt (July 7, 1884 Caperton, West Virginia -- October 1972 Sheffield, Alabama) born John Roy Hunt was an American motion picture cameraman and cinematographer.	J. Roy Hunt	Sheffield
place of death	Karl Raupp (born 2 March 1837 in Darmstadt; died 14 June 1918 in Munich) was a German landscape and genre painter.	Karl Raupp	Munich
place of death	Private Rafel Toro (born in Humacao, Puerto Rico) was a United States Marine Corps private who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his ``extraordinary heroism in battle'' while fighting in Nicaragua during the second Nicaragua campaign in 1927.	Rafel Toro	Nicaragua
place of death	Pasquale Jannaccone (18 May 1872 in Naples - 22 December 1959 in Turin) was an Italian economist nominated senator for life by Luigi Einaudi in 1950.	Pasquale Jannaccone	Turin
place of death	Emil Eichhorn (9 October 1863 - 26 July 1925) was a USPD politician and Chief of the Berlin Police during the 1918-1919 German Revolution.	Emil Eichhorn	Berlin
place of death	Leo Shuken (b. Dec. 8, 1906, Los Angeles, California - d. July 24, 1976, Santa Monica, California) was an American film music composer, arranger, and musical director.	Leo Shuken	Santa Monica
place of death	John Lemprière (c. 1765, Jersey -- 1 February 1824, London) was an English classical scholar, lexicographer, theologian, teacher and headmaster.	John Lemprière	London
place of death	Franz Maria Liedig (2 February 1900, Hünfeld -- 30 March 1967, Munich) was a Kriegsmarine officer and member of the military resistance against Adolf Hitler.	Franz Maria Liedig	Munich
place of death	Mr. Willem van der Kaay (originally van der Kaaij) (5 May 1831, Alkmaar -- 29 July 1918, The Hague) was a Dutch judge and politician.	Willem van der Kaay	The Hague
place of death	Radama II was born Prince Rakoto (Rakotosehenondradama) on September 23, 1829 in the Imasoandro building on the compound of the Rova of Antananarivo.	Radama II	Rova of Antananarivo
place of death	Adelin Benoît (12 May 1900 -- 18 June 1954) was a Belgian road racing cyclist, born in Châtelet.	Adelin Benoît	Châtelet
place of death	Radegund (also spelled Rhadegund, Radegonde, Radigund) (ca. 520--587) was a 6th-century Thuringian princess and Frankish queen, who founded the Abbey of the Holy Cross at Poitiers.	Radegund	Poitiers
place of death	Józef Orwid (born 14 November 1891 in Besko -- died 13 August 1944 during the Warsaw Uprising) was a Polish stage and film actor.	Józef Orwid	Warsaw
place of death	Petar I Petrović Njegoš (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар I Петровић Његош; 1747--1830) was the ruler of the Prince-Bishopric of Montenegro as the Metropolitan (vladika) of Cetinje, and Exarch (legate) of the Serbian Orthodox Church throne.	Petar I Petrović Njegoš	Cetinje
place of death	Bernhard Walther (1430 -- June 19, 1504) was a German merchant, humanist and astronomer based in Nuremberg, Germany.	Bernhard Walther	Nuremberg
place of death	Tuncel Kurtiz died at the age of 77 on 27 September 2013 following a fall-inflicted head trauma in his residence in Etiler, Istanbul.	Tuncel Kurtiz	Etiler
place of death	Gero von Schulze-Gaevernitz (b. Freiburg, Germany, 27 September 1901; d. Canary Islands, 6 April 1970) was a German economist.	Gero von Schulze-Gaevernitz	Canary Islands
place of death	In April 1920, the Privy Councilor Julius Elster died in Bad Harzburg during a spa stay.	Julius Elster	Bad Harzburg
place of death	Herman Feshbach (February 2, 1917, in New York City -- 22 December, 2000, in Cambridge, Massachusetts) was an American physicist.	Herman Feshbach	Cambridge
place of death	Together with his brother, Wilhelm ``Wille'' Engdahl, Nils Engdahl played football for IFK Stockholm before changing to athletics in 1917.	Nils Engdahl	Stockholm
place of death	Gary Grimshaw (February 25, 1946 -- January 13, 2014) was an American graphic artist active in Detroit and San Francisco who specialized in designing rock concert posters.	Gary Grimshaw	Detroit
place of death	Johann Martin Zacharias Dase (June 23, 1824, Hamburg -- September 11, 1861, Hamburg) was a German mental calculator.	Zacharias Dase	Hamburg
place of death	Alberto Iria (*1909 in Olhão, Algarve, Portugal, †1992 in Paço de Arcos near Lisbon, Portugal) was a Portuguese historian.	Alberto Iria	Paço de Arcos
place of death	Robert Emmet was born at 109 St. Stephen's Green, in Dublin on 4 March 1778.	Robert Emmet	Dublin
place of death	Franjo Šeper (2 October 1905 Osijek -- 30 December 1981 Rome) was a Croatian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Franjo Šeper	Rome
place of death	Lina Poletti (Ravenna, 27 August 1885 -- Sanremo, 1971), born Cordula Poletti, was an Italian feminist, often described as being beautiful and rebellious, prone to wear men's clothing, and who is best known today for her affairs with writer Sibilla Aleramo and actress Eleonora Duse.	Lina Poletti	Sanremo
place of death	Reinhard Appel (born February 21, 1927 in Königshütte; died June 26, 2011 in Bonn) was a German journalist and television presenter.	Reinhard Appel	Bonn
place of death	Christophorus Valdarfer was an early printer, active in Venice and Milan in the second half of the fifteenth century.	Christophorus Valdarfer	Milan
place of death	Joan Junceda, full name Joan García Junceda i Supervia (1881 in Barcelona -- 1948 in Blanes), was one of the most important Catalan artists and illustrators in the first half of the 20th century.	Joan Junceda	Blanes
place of death	Hildegard Krekel (2 June 1952 in Cologne -- 26 May 2013 in Cologne) was a German actress.	Hildegard Krekel	Cologne
place of death	Carl West Rich (September 12, 1898 -- June 26, 1972) was an American politician who served as Mayor of Cincinnati, three times from 1947-1948, 1951-1953, and 1955-1957 and Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Ohio.	Carl West Rich	Cincinnati
place of death	Adio diBiccari (1914 in Revere -- January 1, 2009 in Arlington) was a noted American sculptor.	Adio diBiccari	Arlington
place of death	Philipp Kilian (1628 in Augsburg -- 1693 in Augsburg), was a German Baroque engraver.	Philipp Kilian	Augsburg
place of death	Eriprando Visconti di Modrone, Count of Vico Modrone (Milan, September 24, 1932 -- Mortara, May 25, 1995) was an Italian film director.	Eriprando Visconti	Mortara
place of death	Alexander Ivanovich Morozov (Russian: Александр Иванович Морозов; 29 May 1835, Saint Petersburg -- 11 December 1904, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian genre painter and engraver.	Alexander Ivanovich Morozov	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Marco Mincoff (1909-1987) Shakespearean scholar and professor of English Studies at the University of Sofia.	Marco Mincoff	Sofia
place of death	Eduard Koschwitz (7 October 1851, Breslau -- 14 May 1904, Königsberg) was a Romance philologist.	Eduard Koschwitz	Königsberg
place of death	Antonio Gil y Zárate was born in El Escorial in 1793 to Bernardo Gil, an actor well known in Madrid, and Ántonia Zárate.	Antonio Gil y Zárate	Madrid
place of death	Otello Bignami (August 6, 1914 - December 1, 1989) was an Italian violin maker from Bologna.	Otello Bignami	Bologna
place of death	Donato Mascagni (1579--1636) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance active in Florence, Volterra, Rome, Mugello, and Salzburg.	Donato Mascagni	Florence
place of death	Horst Kaubisch was killed on 12 February 1945, after being hit by Soviet flak near Lebus.	Horst Kaubisch	Lebus
place of death	Oldřich Duras (also Důras; 30 October 1882, Pchery, Bohemia, then Austria-Hungary -- 5 January 1957, Prague, then Czechoslovakia) was a leading Czech chess master of the early 20th century.	Oldřich Duras	Prague
place of death	Jeanette Wässelius was born in Stockholm; her father worked as a tapestry manufacturer.	Jeanette Wässelius	Stockholm
place of death	Francisco Hernández de Toledo (La Puebla de Montalbán, Toledo 1514 -- Madrid 28 January 1587) was a naturalist and court physician to the King of Spain.	Francisco Hernández de Toledo	Madrid
place of death	In Finland the first appearance of radical Pietism is personified by Lars Ulstadius (born in Ostrobothnia in Finland, circa 1650 - died in Stockholm 1732).	Lars Ulstadius	Stockholm
place of death	Leni Riefenstahl died in her sleep at around 10:00 pm on 8 September 2003 at her home in Pöcking, Germany.	Leni Riefenstahl	Pöcking
place of death	Marla English (January 4, 1935, San Diego, California -- December 10, 2012, Tucson, Arizona) was an American film actress during the 1950s.	Marla English	Tucson
place of death	Gustav Graef (14 December 1821, Königsberg -- 6 January 1895, Berlin) was a German painter, primarily of portraits and historical subjects.	Gustav Graef	Berlin
place of death	Józef Gromek played for Poland in Chess Olympiads:	Józef Gromek	Poland
place of death	Harrison Parker Tyler, better known as Parker Tyler (6 March 1904, New Orleans -- June 1974, New York City), was an American author, poet, and film critic.	Parker Tyler	New York City
place of death	The British mathematician Allan Joseph Champneys Cunningham (Delhi 1842 -- London 1928) started a military career with the East India Company's Bengal (later Royal) Engineers.	Allan Joseph Champneys Cunningham	London
place of death	Eero Haapalainen (27 October 1880, Kuopio - 27 November, 1937 Petrozavodsk), was a Finnish Communist leader and trade union activist.	Eero Haapalainen	Petrozavodsk
place of death	Sam Hose (c. 1875 -- April 23, 1899) was an African American worker who was tortured and executed by a lynch mob in Coweta County, Georgia.	Sam Hose	Coweta County
place of death	Živko Topalović (21 March 1886 in Užice -- 11 February 1972 in Vienna) was a Yugoslav socialist politician.	Živko Topalović	Vienna
place of death	Per Asplin (10 August 1928 in Tønsberg -- 9 October 1996 in Oslo) was a Norwegian singer, composer and actor.	Per Asplin	Oslo
place of death	Martin Moller (10 November 1547, Ließnitz -- 2 March 1606, Görlitz) was a German poet and mystic.	Martin Moller	Görlitz
place of death	Charles François Hutin (4 July 1715 in Paris -- 29 July 1776 in Dresden) was a French history and figure painter, engraver and sculptor.	Charles François Hutin	Dresden
place of death	Hale lived from 1869 to his death at the Edward Everett Hale House in Roxbury.	Edward Everett Hale	Roxbury
place of death	Mary Ann Conklin, also known as Mother Damnable and Madame Damnable (1821--1873) ran Seattle's first brothel, the Felker House, a major means of accumulating money from sailors and lumbermen into local businesses.	Mother Damnable	Seattle
place of death	Joan Comas Pausas (Vilafranca del Penedès, 25 June 1913 -- 3 April 2009) was a Spanish painter, menswear trader and technical architect.	Joan Comas Pausas	Vilafranca del Penedès
place of death	As municipal councilor of Metz between 1971 and 1983, Jean-Marie Pelt pioneered a policy of urban ecology.	Jean-Marie Pelt	Metz
place of death	Tito Sarrocchi (Siena, 5 January 1824 - 1900) was an Italian sculptor.	Tito Sarrocchi	Siena
place of death	José Felipe Flores (Ciudad Real Chiapas, Kingdom of Guatemala 1 May 1751 - Madrid, Spain 1814) was a prestigious physician and Medicine teaching pioneer in Central America.	José Felipe Flores	Madrid
place of death	Bernard Ouchard (1925 in Mirecourt -- 1979 in Vittel) was a French master bow maker and teacher in the School of Violin and Bowmaking of Mirecourt, France.	Bernard Ouchard	Vittel
place of death	Emilie Bach (born Neuschloss, Bohemia, July 2, 1840; died Vienna April 29, 1890) was an artist and journalist.	Emilie Bach	Vienna
place of death	Catherine Kousmine (September 17, 1904 in Hvalynsky, Russia -- August 24, 1992 in Lutry, Switzerland) was a Russian scientist who believed in nutritionally based medicine.	Catherine Kousmine	Lutry
place of death	Marshall Clagett (January 23, 1916, Washington, D.C. -- October 21, 2005, Princeton, New Jersey) was an American historian of science who specialized in medieval science.	Marshall Clagett	Princeton
place of death	Orazio Farnese, Duke of Castro (Valentano, February 1532 -- Hesdin, 18 July 1553) was the second duke of Castro.	Orazio Farnese, Duke of Castro	Hesdin
place of death	Joseph Melcher (March 19, 1806 -- December 20, 1873) was an Austrian-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first Bishop of the Diocese of Green Bay, Wisconsin.	Joseph Melcher	Green Bay
place of death	Adrian von Bubenberg (born c. 1434 in Bern; died August 1479 in Bern) was a Bernese knight, military commander and mayor (Schultheiss) of Bern in 1468-1469, 1473-1474 and 1477-1479.	Adrian von Bubenberg	Bern
place of death	Julian Mandel (1872 Alsace --1935 Paris), also Julien Mandel (French spelling) was one of the best-known commercial photographers of female nudes of the early twentieth century.	Julian Mandel	Paris
place of death	Tadija Smičiklas (October 1, 1843 in Reštovo in Žumberak -- June 8, 1914 in Zagreb) was a Croatian historian and politician.	Tadija Smičiklas	Zagreb
place of death	Jean Seznec (19 March 1905 in Morlaix -- 22 November 1983 in Oxford) was a historian and mythographer whose most influential book, for English-speaking readers, has been La Survivance des dieux antiques, 1940, translated as The Survival of the Pagan Gods:	Jean Seznec	Oxford
place of death	Harold Ernest Goettler (July 21, 1890 -- October 6, 1918) was a U.S. Army Air Service aviator killed in action on October 6, 1918 while locating the Lost Battalion of the 77th Division during World War I. He died of wounds resulting from German fire from the ground during the flight.	Harold Ernest Goettler	killed in action
place of death	Peter Dennis died on 18 April 2009 in Shadow Hills, Los Angeles, California, USA.	Peter Dennis	Shadow Hills, Los Angeles
place of death	Cesare da Sesto (1477--1523) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance active in Milan and elsewhere in Italy.	Cesare da Sesto	Milan
place of death	Carl Bremiker (23 February 1804, Hagen, Westphalia -- 26 March 1877, Berlin) was a German astronomer and geodesist.	Carl Bremiker	Berlin
place of death	Ridolfo Ghirlandaio (or Ghirlandajo) (Florence 14 February 1483 -- 6 June 1561) was an Italian Renaissance painter active mainly in Florence.	Ridolfo Ghirlandaio	Florence
place of death	Frederick Kerr (born Frederick Grinham Keen, 11 October 1858 -- 3 May 1933) was an English actor who appeared on stage in both London and New York and in British and American films; he also worked as a major theatrical manager in London.	Frederick Kerr	London
place of death	Using his own system, Hampartsoum Limondjian transcribed most of 18th century Turkish music compositions in a collection of six books, which he presented to Selim III. Only two of the originals survive to date and are preserved at the Istanbul Municipal Conservatory Library.	Hampartsoum Limondjian	Istanbul
place of death	Helmut Zahn (* June 13, 1916 in Erlangen; † November 14, 2004 in Aachen) was a German chemist who is often credited as the first to synthesize Insulin in 1963.	Helmut Zahn	Aachen
place of death	Robert Gersuny (15 January 1844 in Teplitz, Bohemia -- 31 October 1924 in Vienna) was an Austrian surgeon.	Robert Gersuny	Vienna
place of death	Christian von Steven (Russian: Христиан Христианович Стевен - Khristian Khristianovich Steven; 19 January 1781, in Fredrikshamn, Finland -- 30 April 1863, in Simferopol, Crimea) was a Finnish-born Russian botanist and entomologist.	Christian von Steven	Simferopol
place of death	Luigi Paolillo (1864-Vietri sul Mare, May 1934) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre works early in his career, and vedute of the seashore around Campania later in life.	Luigi Paolillo	Vietri sul Mare
place of death	Ulisse Dini (14 November 1845 -- 28 October 1918) was an Italian mathematician and politician, born in Pisa.	Ulisse Dini	Pisa
place of death	Joachim Mrugowsky (15 August 1905 in Rathenow, Brandenburg -- 2 June 1948, Landsberg Prison, Landsberg am Lech) was a German hygienist.	Joachim Mrugowsky	Landsberg Prison
place of death	Otto Bang-Haas (20 January 1882, Dresden -- 30 July 1948, Dresden) was a German entomologist and insect dealer.	Otto Bang-Haas	Dresden
place of death	Renato Olmi (12 July 1914 in Trezzo sull'Adda -- 15 May 1985 in Crema) was an Italian footballer.	Renato Olmi	Crema
place of death	Egilbert (or Engelbert) (died 1101), called of Rothenburg, was the Archbishop of Trier from 1079 until his death.	Egilbert	Trier
place of death	Wolfgang von Chamier-Glisczinski died on 22 August 1943 when his airplane crashed near Sisak, Croatia.	Wolfgang von Chamier-Glisczinski	Sisak
place of death	Alfonso Rumazo González (Latacunga, 1903 -- Caracas, 2002) was an Ecuadorian writer, historian, essayist and literary critic.	Alfonso Rumazo González	Caracas
place of death	Roy Abernethy (September 29, 1906, Pennsylvania -- February 28, 1977, Jupiter, Florida) was an executive in the American automobile industry, serving as CEO of American Motors Corporation (AMC) from February 1962 to January 1967.	Roy Abernethy	Jupiter
place of death	Pieter Jacobsz Olycan (1572 -- 1658), was a Dutch brewer, magistrate, and later mayor of Haarlem, best known today for his portraits by Frans Hals, as well as for the portraits of his wife Maritge Claesdr.	Pieter Jacobsz Olycan	Haarlem
place of death	Kim Dae-jung Philip Habib, the US ambassador in Seoul, had interceded for him with the South Korean government.	Kim Dae-jung	Seoul
place of death	He was immediately confirmed and served until his death, two years and seven months later, in the midst of World War II. Jay Pierrepont Moffat died in Ottawa two and-a-half weeks after his 47th birthday with complications from surgery for phlebitis and was succeeded as ambassador by Ray Atherton.	Jay Pierrepont Moffat	Ottawa
place of death	Nicola Giordano (Messina, 16 June 1931--Messina, 10 May 1996) was an Italian scientist.	Nicola Giordano	Messina
place of death	May Robson died in her Beverly Hills, California home at age 84.	May Robson	Beverly Hills
place of death	Jacques Cœur (c. 1395 -- 25 November 1456 in Chios), was a French merchant, one of the founders of the trade between France and the Levant.	Jacques Cœur	Chios
place of death	Roberto Dias Branco or simply Roberto Dias (7 January 1943 in São Paulo -- 26 September 2007) was a footballer with São Paulo FC in Brazil.	Roberto Dias	São Paulo
place of death	Mary de Bohun died at Peterborough Castle, giving birth to her last child, a daughter, Philippa of England.	Mary de Bohun	Peterborough Castle
place of death	Tiberio Murgia (5 February 1929, Oristano -- 20 August 2010, Tolfa) was an Italian film actor.	Tiberio Murgia	Tolfa
place of death	Edgar Cowan (September 19, 1815 -- August 31, 1885) was an American lawyer and Republican politician from Greensburg, Pennsylvania.	Edgar Cowan	Greensburg, Pennsylvania
place of death	Paul Sibra was born in 1889 in Castelnaudary in a well of family of fabric shopkeepers.	Paul Sibra	Castelnaudary
place of death	Simo Häyhä died in a war veterans' nursing home in Hamina in 2002 at the age of 96, and was buried in Ruokolahti.	Simo Häyhä	Hamina
place of death	Aileen Britton (1916, Sydney, Australia -- 19 April 1986) was an Australian actress of theatre, television, TV miniseries and made for television movies.	Aileen Britton	Sydney
place of death	Angelo Rocca (Rocca, near Ancone, 1545 -- Rome, 8 April 1620) was an Italian humanist, librarian and bishop, founder of the Angelica Library at Rome, afterwards accessible from 1604 as a public library.	Angelo Rocca	Rome
place of death	William John Bowser (Rexton, New Brunswick December 3, 1867 -- October 25, 1933 Vancouver) was a politician in British Columbia, Canada.	William John Bowser	Vancouver
place of death	Paolo Alatri (Rome, 27 February 1918 -- Rome, 30 October 1995) was an Italian historian and Marxist politician.	Paolo Alatri	Rome
place of death	Jean Beausire (1651-1743), was an architect, engineer and fountain-maker and the chief of public works in Paris for King Louis XIV of France and King Louis XV of France between 1684 and 1740, and was the architect of all the public fountains constructed in Paris that period.	Jean Beausire	Paris
place of death	Raphy Leavitt died on August 5, 2015 at his home in Miami, Florida, two days after surgery to remove bacteria found around his artificial hip.	Raphy Leavitt	Miami
place of death	Júlio Botelho, also known as Julinho (Brazilian Portuguese: (ʒuˈlĩj̃u); 29 July 1929 in São Paulo -- 10 January 2003) was a Brazilian football (soccer) player.	Júlio Botelho	São Paulo
place of death	Emil Bartoschek (30 July 1899 in Czuchow, Silesia -- 26 February 1969 in Waldbrunn, Hesse, Germany) was a German painter and Bauhaus-artist.	Emil Bartoschek	Waldbrunn, Hesse
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Barthélemy de Lesseps (27 January 1766 in Sète -- 6 April/26 April 1834 in Lisbon) was a French diplomat and writer, member of the scientific expedition of Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse (1 August 1785 -- January 1788) and uncle of Ferdinand de Lesseps.	Barthélemy de Lesseps	Lisbon
place of death	Louis of Meissen (25 February 1341 at the Wartburg -- 17 February 1382 in Calbe) was a German nobleman from the House of Wettin.	Louis of Meissen	Calbe
place of death	Johann Paul Schor (1615--1674), known in Rome as ``Giovanni Paolo Tedesco'' (Tedesco literally means German in Italian), was an Austrian artist.	Johann Paul Schor	Rome
place of death	Piotr Marian Massonius (1 February 1862 in Kursk, Russian Empire -- 20 July 1945 in Vilnius (Wilno), prewar Second Polish Republic) was a Polish philosopher and teacher who was born into a family of expatriates during the Partitions of Poland.	Marian Massonius	Vilnius
place of death	August Hauner (29 October 1811 -- 11 June 1884) was a German pediatrician and founder of the Dr. von Haunerschen Kinderspitals (Hauner Children's Hospital) in Munich, which today is part of the University of Munich hospital complex.	August Hauner	Munich
place of death	Paul Mendelssohn Bartholdy (born Paul Felix Abraham Mendelssohn Bartholdy; 18 January 1841, Leipzig -- 17 February 1880, Berlin) was a German chemist and a pioneer in the manufacture of aniline dye.	Paul Mendelssohn Bartholdy	Berlin
place of death	Alfred Haemerlinck (Assenede, 27 September 1905 -- Ghent, 10 July 1993) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who won many small races in his career (493 according to some newspapers).	Alfred Haemerlinck	Ghent
place of death	Abdulla Shaig (Azerbaijani: Abdulla Şaiq) (25 February 1881, Tbilisi -- 24 July 1959, Baku), born Abdulla Mustafa oglu Talibzadeh, was an Azerbaijani writer.	Abdulla Shaig	Baku
place of death	Ernst Leopold, 4th Prince of Leiningen (German: Ernst Leopold Victor Carl August Joseph Emich, Furst zu Leiningen) (Amorbach, 9 November 1830 -- Amorbach 5 April 1904) was a German nobleman.	Ernst Leopold, 4th Prince of Leiningen	Amorbach
place of death	Maturino da Firenze (1490--1528) was an Italian painter, born in Florence, but working in Rome during the Renaissance.	Maturino da Firenze	Rome
place of death	Carl Adolf Seebold (1873--1951) was a Swiss impresario who commissioned and ran the Dome Cinema in the English coastal town of Worthing in West Sussex.	Carl Adolf Seebold	Worthing
place of death	Ivan Nabokov died 21 April 1852 in Saint Petersburg and was buried in the Peter and Paul Fortress, near Peter and Paul Cathedral.	Ivan Nabokov	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Nicolò Guarco (Parodi, c.1325 -- Lerici, c.1385) was a Genoese politician and statesman who became the 7th doge of the Republic of Genoa and led the Republic through the War of Chioggia against Venice.	Nicolò Guarco	Lerici
place of death	Annie Trumbull Slosson (18 May 1838 Stonington, Connecticut - 4 October 1926 New York City) was an American author and entomologist.	Annie Trumbull Slosson	New York City
place of death	Kurt Mahler FRS (26 July 1903, Krefeld, Germany -- 25 February 1988, Canberra, Australia) was a mathematician.	Kurt Mahler	Canberra
place of death	Born in Oran, Algeria, Cheb Hasni was interested in performing from an early age.	Cheb Hasni	Oran
place of death	Jan Kotrč (23 August 1862, Bielsko -- 17 October 1943, Vlachovo Březí) was a Czech chess master, chess publisher and chess problem composer.	Jan Kotrč	Vlachovo Březí
place of death	Saint Aldebrandus or Aldebrand (Italian: Aldebrando di Fossombrone), also known as Hildebrand (1119 30 April 1219), was a Bishop of Fossombrone and a saint.	Aldebrandus	Fossombrone
place of death	Johan Strand Johansen (February 3, 1903 in Åfjord - February 12, 1970 in Moscow) was Norwegian Minister of Labour in 1945.	Johan Strand Johansen	Moscow
place of death	Elizabeth Philpot (1780--1857) was an early 19th-century British fossil collector, amateur palaeontologist and artist who collected fossils from the cliffs around Lyme Regis in Dorset on the southern coast of England.	Elizabeth Philpot	Lyme Regis
place of death	Saul Ascher (February 6, 1767 in Berlin -- December 8, 1822 in Berlin) was a German writer, translator and bookseller.	Saul Ascher	Berlin
place of death	Konstantin Kisimov died in a car accident in Balchik where he had taken part in a play.	Konstantin Kisimov	Balchik
place of death	Malcolm Struan Tonnochy (Chinese: 杜老誌) was an Anglo-Indian colonial major official serving in British India and in Hong Kong.	Malcolm Struan Tonnochy	Hong Kong
place of death	Theodorus Netscher (1661, Bordeaux -- 1728, Hulst), was an 18th-century painter from the northern Netherlands.	Theodorus Netscher	Hulst
place of death	John H. McCullagh (1842 -- March 6, 1893) was an American law enforcement officer and police captain in the New York City Police Department.	John H. McCullagh	New York City
place of death	Sergei Nikitich Kovalev (15 August 1919, Petrograd -- 24 February 2011, Saint Petersburg) was one of the designers of the U.S.S.R. nuclear submarines.	Sergei Nikitich Kovalev	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Otto Scrinzi (February 5, 1918 in Lienz, Tirol -- 2 January 2012 in Moosburg, Austria), was an Austrian neurologist, journalist and politician (VdU/FPÖ).	Otto Scrinzi	Moosburg
place of death	Jean Majerus (6 February 1914 in Luxembourg City - 16 June 1983 in Esch-sur-Alzette) was a professional Luxembourgian cyclist from 1936 to 1947.	Jean Majerus	Esch-sur-Alzette
place of death	George Cameron Stone (August 6, 1859 in Geneva, New York -- November 18, 1935 in New York City, New York) was a well-known American arms collector and author as well as an American mining engineer and metallurgist.	George Cameron Stone	New York City
place of death	Adriano Buzzati-Traverso (6 April 1913, Milan, Italy -- 22 April 1983) was an Italian geneticist.	Adriano Buzzati-Traverso	Milan
place of death	Ludwig Rhesa (also known as Martin Ludwig Rhesa, Ludwig Jedemin Rhesa, Martynas Liudvikas Gediminas Rėza; 9 January 1776 -- 30 August 1840) was a consistorial councillor of the Evangelical Church in Prussia and a professor at the University of Königsberg in East Prussia.	Ludwig Rhesa	Königsberg
place of death	Leo August Pochhammer (25 August 1841, Stendal -- 24 March 1920, Kiel) was a Prussian mathematician who was educated in Berlin, obtaining his Ph.D. in 1863 under Ernst Kummer.	Leo August Pochhammer	Kiel
place of death	Guido Donegani (26 March 1877 in Livorno -- 16 April 1947 in Bordighera), was a prominent Italian engineer, businessman and politician.	Guido Donegani	Bordighera
position held	Eliphalet Lockwood (1741 -- 1814) was a nine-term member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in the sessions of May and October 1790, May and October 1791, October 1794, May and October 1795, May and October 1796.	Eliphalet Lockwood	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Carmelo Scicluna (3 August 1800 - 12 July 1888) was a Maltese prelate and count who served as the bishop of Malta from 1875 till 1888.	Carmelo Scicluna	bishop
position held	In the wake of the struggle between his father and Balfour, Austen Chamberlain became Chancellor of the Exchequer in 1903.	Austen Chamberlain	Chancellor of the Exchequer
position held	Juan Sinforiano Bogarín (August 21, 1863 - February 25, 1949) was an eminent Paraguayan clergyman, the first Roman Catholic archbishop of Paraguay.	Juan Sinforiano Bogarín	archbishop
position held	Frederick Walker Pitkin (August 31, 1837 -- December 18, 1886), a U.S. Republican Party politician, served as the second Governor of Colorado from 1879 to 1883.	Frederick Walker Pitkin	Governor of Colorado
position held	Edward Francis Hoban (June 27, 1878 -- September 22, 1966) was an American prelate and bishop (later archbishop) of the Roman Catholic Church.	Edward Francis Hoban	bishop	archbishop
position held	Raniero Capocci, also known as Ranieri, Rainerio da Viterbo (c. 1180-1190 -- 27 May 1250) was an Italian cardinal and military leader, a fierce adversary of emperor Frederick II.	Raniero Capocci	cardinal
position held	Khufu (/ˈkuːfuː/ KOO-foo), originally Khnum-Khufu (/ˈknuːmˈkuːfuː/ KNOOM-koo-foo), is the birth name of a Fourth Dynasty ancient Egyptian pharaoh, who ruled in the first half of the Old Kingdom period (26th century BC).	Khufu	pharaoh
position held	Thomas LeRoy Collins (March 10, 1909 -- March 12, 1991) was an attorney and politician, the 33rd Governor of Florida, serving a special term in 1955, and being elected to a four-year term in 1956, serving through 1960.	LeRoy Collins	Governor of Florida
position held	Kay Bailey Hutchison (born Kathryn Ann Bailey; July 22, 1943) is a former United States Senator from Texas.	Kay Bailey Hutchison	United States Senator
position held	John Tod was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1810 to 1813, serving twice as its Speaker.	John Tod	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Stanislav Gross (Czech pronunciation: (ˈstaɲɪslaf ˈɡros); 30 October 1969 -- 16 April 2015) was a Czech lawyer and politician who was Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from 2004 to 2005.	Stanislav Gross	Prime Minister of the Czech Republic
position held	George Howard Paul (March 14, 1826 -- 1890) was an American newspaperman, businessman and Democratic politician who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing its 6th District in Milwaukee County; and held various other offices of honor locally and in the government of the state of Wisconsin.	George Howard Paul	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Lynn Olman is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the Toledo area.	Lynn Olman	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Kevin Farrell said of his brother, ``My brother is a bishop.	Kevin Farrell	bishop
position held	Sylvester Carmel Magro (born 14 February 1941) is a Maltese bishop who since 1997 has served as the Apostolic Vicar of Benghazi in Libya.	Sylvester Carmel Magro	bishop
position held	Matthieu Prosper Avril (born December 12, 1937) is a Haitian political figure who was President of Haiti from 1988 to 1990.	Prosper Avril	President of Haiti
position held	Park M. Strader (February 15, 1945 -- August 19, 2009) was a Tennessee politician and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 14th district, which comprises part of Knox County.	Park M. Strader	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Kelley Wirth is a former member of the Oregon House of Representatives, where she represented Corvallis, Oregon.	Kelley Wirth	member of the Oregon House of Representatives
position held	Antonius Grech Delicata Testaferrata (21 February 1823 - 31 December 1876) was a Maltese bishop who became the second Bishop of Gozo in 1868.	Antonius Grech Delicata Testaferrata	bishop
position held	Neferka was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the Sixth Dynasty, who briefly reigned around 2200 BC. A king with the name Neferka, written in the papyrus as Neferka-khered appears in the Turin King List between king Netjerkare Siptah and a king Nefer.	Neferka	pharaoh
position held	Francisco Desprats (1454--1504) (called the Cardinal of León) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Francisco Desprats	cardinal
position held	Benjamin Guerard (1739 -- December 21, 1788) was a lawyer, patriot of the Revolutionary War and the 34th Governor of South Carolina from 1783 to 1785.	Benjamin Guerard	Governor of South Carolina
position held	Joseph-Marie Trịnh Như Khuê (December 11, 1898--November 27, 1978) was a Vietnamese first cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Joseph-Marie Trịnh Như Khuê	cardinal
position held	Monsignor Ambrose Madtha (2 November 1955 -- 8 December 2012) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of Naissus and the Nuncio to Ivory Coast.	Ambrose Madtha	archbishop
position held	Robert Dunne (5 September 1830 -- 13 January 1917) was the second Roman Catholic bishop of Brisbane and later he became its first archbishop.	Robert Dunne	archbishop
position held	Edward Grayndler (12 October 1867 -- 12 March 1943) was a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1921 to 1934 and 1936 to 1943, and General Secretary of the Australian Workers' Union from 1912 to 1941.The federal electorate of Grayndler in Sydney's metropolitan inner-west is named after him.	Edward Grayndler	Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council
position held	Richard William Brian Harradine (9 January 1935 -- 14 April 2014) was an Australian politician who served as an independent member of the Australian Senate, from 1975 to 2005, representing the state of Tasmania.	Brian Harradine	member of the Australian Senate
position held	José Efraín Ríos Montt (Spanish pronunciation: (efɾaˈin ˈri.os ˈmont); born June 16, 1926) is a Guatemalan politician who was President of Guatemala from 1982 to 1983.	Efraín Ríos Montt	President of Guatemala
position held	Spyridonas Chrysanthakidis (Greek: Σπυρίδωνας Χρυσανθακίδης, 1862-mid 20th century, year unknown) was a Greek politician of Achaia and a mayor of Patras.	Spyridonas Chrysanthakidis	mayor
position held	James Mather (c. 1750 in England -- 1821 in St. James Parish, Louisiana) was mayor of New Orleans from March 9, 1807 to May 23, 1812, at which time he resigned.	James Mather	mayor of New Orleans
position held	Dr Yehuda Lancry (Hebrew: יהודה לנקרי‎, Arabic: يهودا لانكري‎; born 25 September 1947) is a former Israeli politician and ambassador to France and the United Nations.	Yehuda Lancry	ambassador
position held	Anders Sunesen (also Andreas, Suneson, Sunesøn, Latin: Andreas Sunonis) (c. 1167 -- 1228) was a Danish archbishop of Lund, Scania, from 21 March 1201, at the death of Absalon, to his own death in 1228.	Anders Sunesen	archbishop
position held	Charles Borromeo (Italian: Carlo Borromeo, Latin: Carolus Borromeus, 1538--1584) was a cardinal who was archbishop of Milan from 1564 to 1584.	Charles Borromeo	archbishop
position held	Laurie Funderburk (born March 31, 1975) is Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives, serving since 2005.	Laurie Funderburk	member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
position held	Irakli Alasania (Georgian: ირაკლი ალასანია) (born 21 December 1973) is a Georgian politician and former diplomat who served as the Minister of Defense of Georgia from 2012 to 2014.	Irakli Alasania	Minister of Defense
position held	Vincenzo Labini (28 April 1735 - 30 April 1807) was an Italian archbishop who served as Bishop of Malta from 1780 till 1807.	Vincenzo Labini	archbishop
position held	Kasu Brahmananda Reddy (28 July 1909 -- 20 May 1994 at Hyderabad) was the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, India from 29 February 1964 to 30 September 1971.	Kasu Brahmananda Reddy	Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh
position held	Bill Patmon (born February 13, 1946) is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives who has represented the Tenth District since 2011.	Bill Patmon	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Carlos Carmelo Vasconcellos Motta (July 16, 1890, Bom Jesus do Amparo, archdiocese of Mariana, Minas Gerais, Brazil -- September 18, 1982, Aparecida, São Paulo, Brazil) was a long-serving cardinal.	Carlos Carmelo Vasconcellos Motta	cardinal
position held	Bonifatius Becker OSB (31 October 1898 -- 9 May 1981) was the first resident abbot in more than 100 years of the Kornelimünster Abbey, a monastery near Aachen that was rebuilt in 1956.	Bonifatius Becker	abbot
position held	In 1896 the bishop, Dr Henry Henry, organised a Catholic Association, with local goals only, to control representation in the newly-created Catholic wards (of Belfast).	Henry Henry	bishop
position held	William Prentice Cooper, Jr. (September 28, 1895 -- May 18, 1969) was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1939 to 1945.	Prentice Cooper	Governor of Tennessee
position held	Norbert Nolty Chabert, known as Norby Chabert (born November 28, 1975), is a former political consultant from Houma, Louisiana, who is a Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate from District 20 in Terrebonne and Lafourche parishes.	Norby Chabert	member of the Louisiana State Senate
position held	Robert Blackadder was a medieval Scottish cleric, diplomat and politician, who was abbot of Melrose, bishop-elect of Aberdeen and bishop of Glasgow; when the last was elevated to archiepiscopal status in 1492, he became the first ever archbishop of Glasgow.	Robert Blackadder	archbishop
position held	José Abad Santos y Basco (February 19, 1886 -- May 7, 1942) was the fifth Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines.	José Abad Santos	Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines
position held	Pedro López Quintana (born 27 July 1953 in Barbastra, Spain) is a Catholic archbishop and diplomat of the Holy See.	Pedro López Quintana	archbishop
position held	Vilasrao Deshmukh was two-time Chief Minister of Maharashtra, from 1999 to 2003 and from 2004 to 2008.	Vilasrao Deshmukh	Chief Minister of Maharashtra
position held	Tadeusz Pikus (born September 1, 1949 in Zabiele, Mońki County) is a Polish Roman Catholic bishop and professor of fundamental theology, who has been Auxiliary Bishop of Warsaw from 1999 to 2014, bishop of Drohiczyn sine 2014.	Tadeusz Pikus	bishop
position held	Cesare Mori (Pavia, December 22, 1871 -- Udine, July 6, 1942) was a prefect (prefetto) before and during the Fascist period in Italy.	Cesare Mori	prefect
position held	General Ishaya Bakut (3 January 1947 -- 21 March 2015) was Military Governor of Benue State in Nigeria from September 1986 to December 1987 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Ishaya Bakut	Governor of Benue State
position held	Shehu Mustapha Idrissa Timta (1942 -- May 30, 2014) was a Nigeria traditional leader who served as the 3rd Emir of Gwoza from October 1981 until his death in May 2014.	Idrissa Timta	Emir of Gwoza
position held	Saint Amelberga of Susteren was the Benedictine abbess of Susteren Abbey, Netherlands in the 9th century AD; she died about 900 AD.	Amelberga of Susteren	abbess
position held	Brent Hassert was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 85th district where he served from 1993 until January 2009.	Brent Hassert	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	María Muñiz de Urquiza is Spanish member of the European Parliament.	María Muñiz de Urquiza	member of the European Parliament
position held	Adrin Nazarian (Armenian: Ատրին Նազարեան; hayer: (hɑˈjɛɾ), born March 19, 1973) is an American politician and member of the California State Assembly representing the 46th district, encompassing the central-southern San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles.	Adrin Nazarian	member of the California State Assembly
position held	Paul Jiang Taoran (July 27, 1926 -- November 15, 2010 Shijazhuang, Hebei, China) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Zhengding.	Paul Jiang Taoran	bishop
position held	Saint Martial (3rd century), called ``the Apostle of the Gauls'' or ``the Apostle of Aquitaine'', was the first bishop of Limoges.	Saint Martial	bishop
position held	Sani Abacha (20 September 1943 -- 8 June 1998) was a Nigerian Army general and politician who served as the de facto President of Nigeria from 1993 to 1998.	Sani Abacha	President of Nigeria
position held	Saint Berno of Cluny (French: Bernon) or Berno of Baume (c. 850 -- 13 January 927) was first abbot of Cluny from its foundation in 910 until he resigned in 925.	Berno of Cluny	abbot
position held	Nguyễn Hữu Thọ (10 July 1910, Bến Lức District -- 24 December 1996, Hanoi) was the Chairman of Consultative Council of the National Liberation Front of South Vietnam from 6 June 1969 to 25 April 1976, and the Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam from 4 July 1981 to 18 June 1987.	Nguyễn Hữu Thọ	Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam
position held	Roberto Raschi (born c. 1964) was Captain Regent of San Marino.	Roberto Raschi	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry (Urdu: اِفتِخار مُحَمّد چودهرى‎; born 12 December 1948) is a former Pakistani judge and 20th Chief Justice of Pakistan, over three non-consecutive terms from 29 June 2005 to 11 December 2013.	Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry	Chief Justice of Pakistan
position held	Eva Brems (born 1969) is a Belgian university professor, human rights defender and politician.	Eva Brems	professor
position held	Agostino Gaetano Riboldi (1839--1902) was an Italian cardinal and Archbishop of Ravenna from 1901 to 1902.	Agostino Gaetano Riboldi	cardinal
position held	Terence Hallinan (born December 4, 1936) is an American attorney and politician from San Francisco, California.	Terence Hallinan	San Francisco
position held	Daniel Haines (January 6, 1801 -- January 26, 1877) was an American jurist who served as the 14th Governor of New Jersey.	Daniel Haines	Governor of New Jersey
position held	Saint Rimbert (or Rembert) (Flanders, 830 -- 11 June 888 in Bremen) was archbishop of Bremen-Hamburg from 865 until his death.	Rimbert	archbishop
position held	Pope Alexander II (d. 21 April 1073), born Anselm of Baggio (Italian: Anselmo da Baggio), was bishop of Lucca and then pope from 30 September 1061 to his death in 1073.	Pope Alexander II	pope
position held	David N. Crouch (born June 18, 1852, date of death unknown) of Leola, South Dakota was an Independent member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing McPherson County from the 42nd House District.	David N. Crouch	member of the South Dakota House of Representatives
position held	Jawaharlal Nehru (/ˈneɪruː, ˈnɛruː/; Hindustani: (ˈdʒəʋaːɦərˈlaːl ˈneːɦru); 14 November 1889 -- 27 May 1964) was the first Prime Minister of India and a central figure in Indian politics before and after independence.	Jawaharlal Nehru	Prime Minister of India
position held	Luis Osvaldo Hurtado Larrea (born June 26, 1939 in Chambo, Chimborazo Province, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian author and politician who served as President of Ecuador from 1981 to 1984.	Osvaldo Hurtado	President of Ecuador
position held	Julien Ries (19 April 1920 -- 23 February 2013) was a Belgian religious historian, titular archbishop and cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Julien Ries	archbishop
position held	Arnaud de Pellegrue (died August 1331) was a cardinal-nephew of Pope Clement V, the first pope of the Avignon Papacy.	Arnaud de Pellegrue	cardinal
position held	Bishop Jacques-Victor-Marius Rouchouse (June 6, 1860 -- December 20, 1948) was the first Roman Catholic bishop of Chengdu, a post he held from 1946 until his death in 1948.	Jacques-Victor-Marius Rouchouse	bishop
position held	Joe E. Armstrong (born November 30, 1956, in Knoxville, Tennessee) is an American politician and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 15th district, which encompasses part of Knox County.	Joe E. Armstrong	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	John Hugh Means (August 18, 1812 -- August 30, 1862) was the 64th Governor of South Carolina from 1850 to 1852 and an infantry colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	John Hugh Means	Governor of South Carolina
position held	Manuel Mariano Melgarejo Valencia (13 April 1820 -- 23 November 1871) was the 18th President of Bolivia, from December 28, 1864, to January 15, 1871.	Mariano Melgarejo	President of Bolivia
position held	Ruggieri degli Ubaldini (fl. 1271 -- 15 September 1295, Viterbo) was an Italian archbishop.	Ruggieri degli Ubaldini	archbishop
position held	Elias Hrawi (Arabic: الياس الهراوي‎, 4 September 1926 - 7 July 2006) was a President of Lebanon, whose term of office ran from 1989 to 1998.	Elias Hrawi	President of Lebanon
position held	Henry Wu King-cheong, BBS, JP (born 22 August 1951, Hong Kong) was the member of the Provisional Legislative Council (1996--98) and Legislative Council in 1998--2000 for Financial Services.	Henry Wu	member of the Provisional Legislative Council
position held	François de Noailles, (2 July 1519--19 September 1585) Papal Prothonotary, made Bishop of Dax in 1556, was French ambassador in Venice in the 1560s, and French ambassador of Charles IX to the Ottoman Empire from 1571 to 1575.	François de Noailles	ambassador
position held	Konstantinos Logothetopoulos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Ι. Λογοθετόπουλος; 1878 -- July 6, 1961) was a distinguished Greek medical doctor who became Prime Minister of Greece, directing the Greek collaborationist government during the Axis occupation of Greece during World War II. Logothetopoulos was born in Nafplion in 1878.	Konstantinos Logothetopoulos	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Maurice Carey Blake (October 20, 1815 -- September 26, 1897) was the 19th Mayor of San Francisco, serving from December 5, 1881 to January 7, 1883.	Maurice Carey Blake	Mayor of San Francisco
position held	Pierpaolo Parisio (1473--1545) was an Italian bishop and Cardinal.	Pierpaolo Parisio	bishop
position held	William Henry Gist (August 22, 1807-- September 30, 1874) was the 68th Governor of South Carolina from 1858 to 1860 and a leader of the secession movement in South Carolina.	William Henry Gist	Governor of South Carolina
position held	When Archbishop of Trier John of Isenburg-Grenzau fell ill, the cathedral chapter of the Cathedral of Trier elected Johann von der Leyen as coadjutor archbishop on 22 October 1555.	Johann von der Leyen	archbishop
position held	Giorgio Orsoni (born August 29, 1946) is an Italian lawyer, politician and a former mayor of Venice.	Giorgio Orsoni	mayor
position held	Alfredo Félix Cristiani Burkard, popularly known as Alfredo Cristiani (born 22 November 1947) was President of El Salvador from 1989 to 1994.	Alfredo Cristiani	President of El Salvador
position held	Matthieu Cointerel (Morannes 1519--1585) also known as Matteo Contarelli, was a French Roman Catholic cardinal.	Matthieu Cointerel	cardinal
position held	Fernando Niño de Guevara (1541--1609) was a Spanish cardinal who was also Archbishop of Seville and Grand Inquisitor of Spain.	Fernando Niño de Guevara	cardinal	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar (Urdu: ابراہیم اسماعیل چندریگر‎; commonly known as I. I. Chundrigar) was the sixth Prime Minister of Pakistan for approximately 2 months from October 17, 1957 to December 16, 1957.	I. I. Chundrigar	Prime Minister of Pakistan
position held	Cellanus (fl. ca. 675-706) was the abbot of Péronne in Picardy.	Cellanus	abbot
position held	Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti (Arabic: صدام حسين عبد المجيد التكريتي Ṣaddām Ḥusayn ʿAbd al-Maǧīd al-Tikrītī; 28 April 1937 -- 30 December 2006) was the fifth President of Iraq, serving in this capacity from 16 July 1979 until 9 April 2003.	Saddam Hussein	President of Iraq
position held	Wulfad (died 876) was the archbishop of Bourges from 866 until his death.	Wulfad	archbishop
present in work	Sir Humphrey Appleby, GCB, KBE, MVO, MA (Oxon), is a fictional character from the British television series Yes Minister and Yes, Prime Minister.	Humphrey Appleby	Yes Minister
present in work	Puddleglum appears in The Silver Chair, in which he is a principal character.	Puddleglum	The Silver Chair
publication date	Aztec Massacre is a 2008 television documentary produced by Thirteen/WNET New York and ITVS International and broadcast as part of PBS's Secrets of the Dead series.	Aztec Massacre	2008
publication date	Pachanottukal is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by AB Raj and produced by KP Kottarakkara.	Pachanottukal	1973
publication date	Chilanthivala (Spider Web)is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Vijayanand and produced by A Raghunath.	Chilanthivala	1982
publication date	Loved Up is a BBC drama, first shown on 23 September 1995 in the BBC 2 Love Bites series.	Loved Up	1995
publication date	Young, Jewish, and Left combines queer culture, Jewish-Arab history, secular Yiddishkeit, anti-racist analysis, and religious traditions into a multi-layered picture of the circa 2006 Jewish Left.	Young, Jewish, and Left	2006
publication date	Amor último modelo (English language: Love, Latest Model) is a 1942 Argentine comedy film directed by Roberto Ratti and written by Ariel Cortazzo and Conrado de Koller.	Amor último modelo	1942
publication date	Cities in Love (Chinese: 恋爱中的城市) is a 2015 Chinese romance anthology film directed by Muye Wen, Runnian Dong, Yi Han, Fu Tien-yu and Jiatong Yi.	Cities in Love	2015
publication date	Something Remote is a 2009 American independent comedy film written and directed by Alex Laferriere, and produced by Nick Allain and Steve DiTullio.	Something Remote	2009
publication date	Satya 2 is a 2013 Indian crime film, simultaneously shot in Hindi and Telugu language.	Satya 2	2013
publication date	Chanwa Ke Take Chakor is Bhojpuri film released in 1981 directed by Nazir Hussain.	Chanwa Ke Take Chakor	1981
publication date	The Eddy Duchin Story is a 1956 Technicolor film biopic of band leader and pianist Eddy Duchin.	The Eddy Duchin Story	1956
publication date	No Blood No Tears (Hangul: 피도 눈물도 없이; RR: Pi-do nunmul-do eobsi) is a 2002 South Korean pulp noir film from director Ryoo Seung-wan.	No Blood No Tears	2002
publication date	Tales of a Golden Geisha (also known as あげまん and Ageman) is a 1990 Japanese comedy film by director Juzo Itami.	Tales of a Golden Geisha	1990
publication date	Dear J is a 2008 Independent Film drama by CubeCity Entertainment.	Dear J	2008
publication date	Shyamali (Bengali: শ্যামলী) a 1956 Indian film directed by Ajoy Kar and stars Kaberi Bose as the title character Shyamali.	Shyamali	1956
publication date	Monkeys in Winter (Bulgarian: Маймуни през зимата, transcribed: Maimuni prez zimata) is a 2006 Bulgarian film directed by Milena Andonova.	Monkeys in Winter	2006
publication date	My Ex (Thai: แฟนเก่า or Fan Kao) is a 2009 Thai horror film.	My Ex	2009
publication date	Parinay (literally Espousal) is a 1974 Hindi film directed by Kantilal Rathod and produced by Samantar Chitra.	Parinay	1974
publication date	``Om du lämnade mig nu'' is a single by Lars Winnerbäck & Miss Li, released on 20 August 2007.	Om du lämnade mig nu	20 August 2007
publication date	Sarvam Sakthimayam is a 1986 Tamil devotional film directed by PR Somasundhar under the banner Preethi Inder Combines.	Sarvam Sakthimayam	1986
publication date	Streetheart (Le coeur au poing) is a 1998 film that was awarded the Crystal Globe at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 1998.	Streetheart	1998
publication date	Ang Darling Kong Aswang (lit. ``My Aswang Darling''), also known as Ang Darling Kong Asawa, is a 2009 Filipino comedy horror film .	Ang Darling Kong Aswang	2009
publication date	Paradise Grove is an independent 2003 black comedy filmed in London.	Paradise Grove	2003
publication date	Sally Swing is a 1938 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Rose Marie as Sally Swing and Margie Hines as Betty Boop.	Sally Swing	1938
publication date	Bhadram Koduko (Telugu: భద్రం కొడుకో) was a 1992 Telugu film.	Bhadram Koduko	1992
publication date	Death Party is an EP by punk blues group The Gun Club, released in 1983.	Death Party	1983
publication date	Jönssonligan på Mallorca (The Johnson Gang in Mallorca - International: English title) is a Swedish film made in 1989, and is one of a series about a criminal gang called Jönssonligan.	Jönssonligan på Mallorca	1989
publication date	Prehistoric Women is a 1950 low-budget fantasy adventure film, written and directed by Gregg C. Tallas and starring Laurette Luez and Allan Nixon.	Prehistoric Women	1950
publication date	Yu Ming Is Ainm Dom (My Name Is Yu Ming) is a 2003 Irish short film.	Yu Ming Is Ainm Dom	2003
publication date	Malashree Mamashree (Kannada: ಮಾಲಾಶ್ರೀ ಮಾಮಾಶ್ರೀ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada comedy-drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Ramanath starring Sunil, Malashri, Tara, Mukhyamantri Chandru and Balaraj in the lead roles.	Malashree Mamashree	1992
publication date	Hemp for Victory is a black-and-white United States government film made during World War II and released in 1942, explaining the uses of hemp, encouraging farmers to grow as much as possible.	Hemp for Victory	1942
publication date	Bästa vänner is a 1997 album from Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson.	Bästa vänner	1997
publication date	Weasel Stop is a 1955 Foghorn Leghorn animated short film from Warner Bros. released in February 1956 and directed by Robert McKimson.	Weasel Stop	1956
publication date	Thokar also called The Kick is 1939 Hindi/Urdu film directed by A. R. Kardar.	Thokar	1939
publication date	Twenty Minutes of Love is a 1914 American comedy silent film made by Keystone Studios.	Twenty Minutes of Love	1914
publication date	Dear vs Bear is a 2014 Hindi Romantic thriller film, directed by Sanjeev Vedwan and produced by Naresh Kataria.	Dear vs Bear	2014
publication date	Cryptographie indéchiffrable (subtitle: basée sur de nouvelles combinaisons rationelles) is a French book on cryptography written by Émile Victor Théodore Myszkowski (a retired French colonel) and published in 1902.	Cryptographie indéchiffrable	1902
publication date	Shout Gladi Gladi is a 2015 American/United Kingdom documentary film about the obstetric fistula problem in Africa, co-directed by Adam Friedman and Iain Kennedy, narrated by Meryl Streep, and named for the celebration held after women completed treatment.	Shout Gladi Gladi	2015
publication date	Roxy Hunter and the Mystery of the Moody Ghost is a 2007 Nickelodeon Original Movie, and is the first TV movie of the Roxy Hunter Movies.	Roxy Hunter and the Mystery of the Moody Ghost	2007
publication date	In Old Missouri (1940) is a film starring Leon Weaver, Frank Weaver, and June Weaver, and released by Republic Pictures.	In Old Missouri	1940
publication date	Sint (released on DVD as Saint in Europe and Saint Nick in the United States) is a 2010 Dutch dark comedy horror film about Sinterklaas, a character comparable to Santa Claus in English-speaking countries.	Sint	2010
publication date	Meravanige a Kannada Language movie released in July 2008.	Meravanige	2008
publication date	Sanngto Aika is a 2014 Marathi language Indian film.	Sanngto Aika	2014
publication date	Garbage Dreams is a 2009 feature length documentary film produced and directed by Mai Iskander.	Garbage Dreams	2009
publication date	In 1999, Ian Goldberg and David A. Wagner cryptanalyzed A5/2 in the same month it was published, and showed that it was extremely weak -- so much so that low end equipment can probably break it in real time.	A5/2	1999
publication date	Penn Deivam (Tamil: பெண் தெய்வம்) is a 1970 Indian Tamil film, directed by M. A. Thirumugam and produced by Sandow M. M. A. Chinnappa Thevar.	Penn Deivam	1970
publication date	Kalavu (Kannada:ಕಳವು) is a 2013 Kannada movie based on Dr KY Narayanaswamy's novel with the same title.	Kalavu	2013
publication date	Gunfighters of Casa Grande (Spanish: Los Pistoleros de Casa Grande) is a 1964 Eurowestern film, co-produced by American and Spanish producers.	Gunfighters of Casa Grande	1964
publication date	The People vs. Paul Crump is a 1962 documentary about the prisoner Paul Crump who was on death row for robbery and murder.	The People vs. Paul Crump	1962
publication date	Zoom and Bored is a 1957 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner.	Zoom and Bored	1957
publication date	Mark of the Devil Part II, or in original German Hexen geschändet und zu Tode gequält (lit. ``Witches Are Violated and Tortured to Death''), is a German horror film released in 1973.	Mark of the Devil Part II	1973
publication date	Audioscopiks is a 1935 American short documentary film directed by Jacob F. Leventhal and John A. Norling.	Audioscopiks	1935
publication date	The Promise of New York is a 2009 documentary film documenting some less-well-known candidates in the New York City 2005 mayoral race.	The Promise of New York	2009
publication date	Mahallada duv-duv gap (The Talk of the Neighborhood or The Whole Neighborhood is Talking about It) (Uzbek: Mahallada duv-duv gap, Маҳаллада дув-дув гап; Russian: Об этом говорит вся махалля) is a 1960 black-and-white Uzbek comedy.	Mahallada duv-duv gap	1960
publication date	Hail to England is Manowar's third album which was released in 1984.	Hail to England	1984
publication date	Sanghunadam is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film, directed by TS Suresh Babu and produced by Harinarayanan.	Sanghunadam	1988
publication date	Aathmaarpanam is a 1956 Indian Malayalam film, directed by GR Rao.	Aathmaarpanam	1956
publication date	Galactic Arms Race (GAR) is a space shooter video game first released in 2010 by Evolutionary Games in association with the Evolutionary Complexity Research Group at UCF (EPlex).	Galactic Arms Race	2010
publication date	Shredderman Rules is a 2007 television film based on Wendelin Van Draanen's Shredderman book series.	Shredderman Rules	2007
publication date	The Whalers is a cartoon produced by the Walt Disney Company and released by RKO Radio Pictures on August 19, 1938.	The Whalers	1938
publication date	Udhaya Geetham (also spelt as Udaya Geetham) is a 1985 Indian Tamil language film directed by K. Rangaraj.	Udaya Geetham	1985
publication date	Pax Imperia is a 4X game for the Apple Macintosh, released in 1992.	Pax Imperia	1992
publication date	Consequently, Ra.One was theatrically released on 26 October 2011, the beginning of the five-day Diwali weekend, in 2D, 3D and dubbed versions, with three international premieres being held between October 24 & 26, 2011.	Ra.One	26 October 2011
publication date	Unacceptable Levels is a 2013 documentary film about the widespread use of artificial chemicals and their effects on the natural environment and on human health.	Unacceptable Levels	2013
publication date	A Queen Is Crowned is a 1953 British Technicolor documentary film written by Christopher Fry.	A Queen Is Crowned	1953
publication date	The Last Man on Planet Earth is a 1999 television film about a female-dominated society following the death of the majority of the world's men.	The Last Man on Planet Earth	1999
publication date	Weekend Pass is a 1984 comedy film written and directed by Lawrence Bassoff, based on a story by Mark Tenser.	Weekend Pass	1984
publication date	A Dinosaur's Tale is a 1993 Sega Genesis action video game that is based on the Steven Spielberg animated feature, We're Back!	A Dinosaur's Tale	1993
publication date	Lost in Wrestling (Chinese: 搏击迷城), also known as 3D Lost in Wrestling, is a 2015 Chinese-Hong Kong 3D sports drama film directed by Casey Chan.	Lost in Wrestling	2015
publication date	The Strange Marchioness (Spanish:La marquesona) is a 1940 Spanish musical film directed by Eusebio Fernández Ardavín and starring Mary del Río, Fernando Fresno, Miguel García Morcillo.	The Strange Marchioness	1940
publication date	Clippety Clobbered is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical animated short which was released in 1966.	Clippety Clobbered	1966
publication date	Aas Ka Panchhi is a 1961 Hindi movie produced by J. Om Prakash.	Aas Ka Panchhi	1961
publication date	Jak dostat tatínka do polepšovny is a 1978 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Marie Polednáková.	Jak dostat tatínka do polepšovny	1978
publication date	Amrita Kumbher Sandhane ( Bengali: অমৃত কুম্ভের সন্ধানে, Quest for the Pitcher of Nectar) is a 1982 Bengali film directed by Dilip Roy.	Amrita Kumbher Sandhane	1982
publication date	The Butterfly Circus is a short independent film, created by Joshua and Rebekah Weigel in 2009.	The Butterfly Circus	2009
publication date	Miley Naa Miley Hum is a 2011 Bollywood film directed by Tanveer Khan, and marking the debut of Chirag Paswan, son of Ram Vilas Paswan.	Miley Naa Miley Hum	2011
publication date	Mission Asteroid is a graphic adventure game released in 1980 by On-Line Systems, now known as Sierra Entertainment.	Mission Asteroid	1980
publication date	International Soccer, also known as Cup Final, is a 1983 video game.	International Soccer	1983
publication date	Johnny the Fox was released on 16 October 1976, and reached No.11 in the UK charts.	Johnny the Fox	16 October 1976
publication date	George Lucas in Love is an independent, live action, parodical short film that started attracting notice in June 1999 when it was passed around Hollywood offices as a filmmaker's ``calling card''.	George Lucas in Love	1999
publication date	Forks Over Knives (2011) is an American advocacy film that advocates a low-fat, whole-food, plant-based diet as a way to avoid or reverse several chronic diseases.	Forks Over Knives	2011
publication date	The Taste of Money (Hangul: 돈의 맛; RR: Donui Mat) is a 2012 South Korean erotic thriller film about a conglomerate-owning family.	The Taste of Money	2012
publication date	Nick Carter, le roi des détectives (1908) is a French silent serial film based on the popular American novels featuring the master-detective Nick Carter.	Nick Carter, le roi des détectives	1908
publication date	Lolita from Interstellar Space is a 2014 American made for cable erotic film written and directed by Dean McKendrick.	Lolita from Interstellar Space	2014
publication date	Codehunters is an award-winning 2006 short film directed and written by Ben Hibon, animated by Axis Animation, and music by Joris de Man.	Codehunters	2006
publication date	The Other Barrio is a 2015 neo-film noir directed by Dante Betteo, co-produced by Lou Dematteis, and based on the short story ``The Other Barrio'' by Alejandro Murguia.	The Other Barrio	2015
publication date	Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi (English: That which runs is a Vehicle) is a 1958 Indian comedy film.	Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi	1958
publication date	Phantom Beirut (Arabic: أشباح بيروت ashbah bayroot) is a 1998 Lebanese film by the Lebanese director Ghassan salhab.	Phantom Beirut	1998
publication date	Choothaattam is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K Sukumaran Nair and produced by TMN Charley.	Choothaattam	1981
publication date	Summer Whispers (Hangul: 여름, 속삭임; RR: Yeoreum, Soksakim) is a 2008 South Korean romance film starring Lee Young-eun and Ha Seok-jin.	Summer Whispers	2008
publication date	Marupakkam (The Other Side) (1990) is an award-winning drama feature film directed by K.S. Sethu Madhavan.	Marupakkam	1990
publication date	Mast Maja Maadi is a 2008 Kannada comedy-romance film directed by R. Ananth Raju featuring Sudeep, Vijay Raghavendra, Diganth, Naga Kiran, Komal and Jennifer Kotwal in the lead roles.	Mast Maja Maadi	2008
publication date	Dodge 'Em is a 1980 Atari 2600 video game, a driving game based on a single screen of four concentric roadways, the same as in Sega's Head On (1979).	Dodge 'Em	1980
publication date	Passion's Playground is a 1920 American silent film produced by and starring Katherine MacDonald.	Passion's Playground	1920
publication date	The Kingdom of Twilight is a 1929 film directed by British author and explorer Alexander MacDonald.	The Kingdom of Twilight	1929
publication date	Videograms of a Revolution is a 1992 documentary film compiled by Harun Farocki and Andrei Ujică from over 125 hours of amateur footage, news footage, and excerpts from the Bucharest TV studio overtaken by demonstrators as part of the December 1989 Romanian Revolution.	Videograms of a Revolution	1992
publication date	Aasmaan is a 1984 Bollywood movie starring Rajiv Kapoor, Tina Munim, Divya Rana and Mala Sinha.	Aasmaan	1984
publication date	Thakita Thakita is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Sreehari Nanu, produced by Bharat Thakur.	Thakita Thakita	2010
publication date	Yahaan is a 2005 Hindi war drama, romance film.	Yahaan	2005
publication date	No. 66 Madhura Bus is a 2012 Malayalam road movie.	No. 66 Madhura Bus	2012
publication date	Une Femme ou Deux (One Woman or Two) is a French comedy film released in 1985.	Une Femme ou Deux	1985
publication date	It Was a Wonderful Life is a 1993 documentary film about homeless women in the United States.	It Was a Wonderful Life	1993
publication date	Agantuker Pore (Bengali: আগন্তুকের পরে, lit. ``After The Stranger'') is an upcoming 2015 Bengali drama film will be directed by Orko Sinha and produced by Dag Creative Media.	Agantuker Pore	2015
publication date	Hugo III, Jungle of Doom! is an adventure game released for DOS in 1992.	Hugo III, Jungle of Doom!	1992
publication date	The Adventure of the Wrong Santa Claus is a 1914 silent Christmas film.	The Adventure of the Wrong Santa Claus	1914
publication date	Sorgavasal (Tamil: சொர்கவாசல்) is a 1954 Indian Tamil film, directed by A. Kasilingam and produced by M. Somasundaram and M. K. Kaliapa.	Sorgavasal	1954
publication date	The Collected Stories of Eudora Welty is a collection of short stories by Eudora Welty, first published by Houghton Mifflin in 1980.	The Collected Stories of Eudora Welty	1980
publication date	Espionage in Tangier (Spanish: Marc Mato, agente S. 077, Italian: S.077 spionaggio a Tangeri) is a 1965 Spanish-Italian spy film, inspired by James Bond and directed by Gregg C. Tallas.	Espionage in Tangier	1965
publication date	Paalige Bandadde Panchamrutha (Kannada: ಪಾಲಿಗೆ ಬಂದದ್ದೆ ಪಂಚಾಮೃತ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed by M B Ganesh Singh (B.A) and produced by K Krishnaswamy.	Paalige Bandadde Panchamrutha	1963
publication date	Time and the Wind (Portuguese: O Tempo e o Vento) is a 2013 Brazilian epic drama film based on a series of novels written by the Brazilian author Erico Verissimo.	Time and the Wind	2013
publication date	The Betty Boop Movie Mystery (also known as Betty Boop's Hollywood Mystery) is a 1989 animated special starring Betty Boop.	The Betty Boop Movie Mystery	1989
publication date	Songs by George Harrison 2 was published on 22 June 1992, with the Genesis Publications catalogue number SGH 778.	Songs by George Harrison 2	22 June 1992
publication date	Kakkakarumban is a 2004 Indian Malayalam film, directed by MA Venu, starring Sidharth Bharathan and Meenakshi in the lead role.	Kakkakarumban	2004
publication date	Three Rooms in Manhattan (French: Trois chambres à Manhattan) is a black and white 1965 French drama film filmed in New York City.	Three Rooms in Manhattan	1965
publication date	Die gefrorenen Blitze (Frozen Lightning; English-language title: Frozen Flashes; French-language title: Et l'Angleterre sera détruite, England Would Be Destroyed) is a two-part 1967 East-German film.	Frozen Flashes	1967
publication date	Hitler Meets Christ is a film that premiered at the Cinequest Film Festival in 2007 and went on to play at other festivals internationally.	Hitler Meets Christ	2007
publication date	Maga Maharaju (Telugu: మగ మహారాజు) is a 1983 Telugu film that was directed by Vijaya Bapineedu and was produced by Shyam Prasad Arts.	Maga Maharaju	1983
publication date	American Strays is a 1996 American Comedy-Drama film which follows three interwoven stories of desert travelers as they converge on a small diner.	American Strays	1996
publication date	Don't Tempt Me (Spanish: Bendito Infierno, also known as Sin noticias de Dios in Spanish and No News From God in English) is a 2001 Mexican and Spanish co-production comedy film.	Don't Tempt Me	2001
publication date	J. W. Coop is a 1972 American Western film set in the world of the modern American rodeo circuit.	J. W. Coop	1972
publication date	The Assam Garden is a 1985 British drama film made by Moving Picture Company and distributed by Contemporary Films Ltd. The film was directed by Mary McMurray and produced by Nigel Stafford-Clark with Peter Jaques as associate producer.	The Assam Garden	1985
publication date	The Witch from Melchet Street is a 2007 Israeli modern-day urban fairy tale about magic and first love.	The Witch from Melchet Street	2007
publication date	The Wily Chaperon is a 1915 American silent short comedy-drama film directed by Thomas Ricketts.	The Wily Chaperon	1915
publication date	White Lightnin' is a 2009 dramatic thriller film directed by Dominic Murphy and written by Eddy Moretti and Shane Smith.	White Lightnin'	2009
publication date	The Barber is a 2001 film that examines the interaction between the mind of a psychopath and the minds of ordinary people who are fascinated by them.	The Barber	2001
publication date	Black Noon is an American made-for-TV horror western feature film that debuted in 1971.	Black Noon	1971
publication date	The Outcome (Spanish: El desenlace) is a 2005 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Pinzás.	The Outcome	2005
publication date	La bella vita is a 1994 Italian comedy drama film.	La bella vita	1994
publication date	The Man in the Santa Claus Suit is a 1979 made-for television Christmas film directed by Corey Allen, and starring Fred Astaire in his final television appearance.	The Man in the Santa Claus Suit	1979
publication date	The Family Way is a 1966 British comedy-drama film based on Bill Naughton's play All in Good Time (1963).	The Family Way	1966
publication date	In the Shadow of the Blade is a 2004 American documentary film produced and directed by Patrick and Cheryl Fries.	In the Shadow of the Blade	2004
publication date	Lies Across America a 1999 book by James Loewen, and is a follow up sequel to his 1995 work Lies My Teacher Told Me.	Lies Across America	1999
publication date	The Eight Hilarious Gods is a 1993 Hong Kong fantasy mo lei tau film directed by Jeffery Chiang.	The Eight Hilarious Gods	1993
publication date	In January 2014, film's title was changed from Deal to Vaa Deal.	Vaa Deal	2014
publication date	Money No Enough (Chinese: 钱不够用; pinyin: Qián Bǔgòu Yòng) is a 1998 Singaporean comedy film about three friends with financial problems who start a car polishing business together.	Money No Enough	1998
publication date	Three Orphan Kittens is a 1935 animated short film in the Silly Symphonies series produced by Walt Disney Productions.	Three Orphan Kittens	1935
publication date	Bosko's Holiday is a one-reel 1931 short subject animated cartoon, part of the Bosko series.	Bosko's Holiday	1931
publication date	Night Man is an American action/adventure/sci-fi series that aired in syndication from September 15, 1997 to May 17, 1999.	Night Man	1997
publication date	Ganja Queen is an Australian documentary film about the arrest, trial, and imprisonment of Schapelle Corby released in 2007.	Ganja Queen	2007
publication date	Father Gets Entangled Again (Spanish:Papá se enreda otra vez) is a 1940 Mexican film.	Father Gets Entangled Again	1940
publication date	Henry & Me is a 2014 American animated drama film directed by Barrett Esposito and written by David I. Stern.	Henry & Me	2014
publication date	Naked Idol is expected to air on March 14, 2009.	Naked Idol	2009
publication date	Swarm of the Snakehead is a 2006 comedy/horror feature film directed by Frank A. Lama and Joel C. Denning and written by Seth Hurwitz.	Swarm of the Snakehead	2006
publication date	Aajcha Divas Majha (Marathi: आजचा दिवस माझा; translation: Today Is Mine) is a Marathi drama film released on 29 March 2013.	Aajcha Divas Majha	29 March 2013
publication date	King Cat is a 1967 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Hsu Tseng Hung and produced by Shaw Brothers Studio.	King Cat	1967
publication date	Texas Night Train is a 2001 independent horror film by Fort Worth, Texas-based artist and first-time filmmaker Shanti Guy.	Texas Night Train	2001
publication date	Inspector Pratap is a 1988 Telugu, Action film produced by Y. Anilbabu on Krishna Chitra banner and directed by Muthyala Subbaiah.	Inspector Pratap	1988
publication date	Susanne Brink's Arirang (Hangul: 수잔브링크의 아리랑) is a 1991 South Korean/Swedish film based upon the life and experiences of Susanne Brink, an adult Korean adoptee from Sweden who suffered abuse and racism in her adoptive home and country.	Susanne Brink's Arirang	1991
publication date	Galaga X6 is a standalone handheld electronic game made by Epoch in 1983.	Galaga X6	1983
publication date	Thirty Million Letters is a 1963 short documentary film directed by James Ritchie and made by British Transport Films.	Thirty Million Letters	1963
publication date	Ayiram Muthangal (Tamil: ஆயிரம் முத்தங்கள்) is a 1982 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Annakkili S.Devarajan and produced by Thirupur Mani.	Ayiram Muthangal	1982
publication date	Magic Pockets is a platform game developed by the Bitmap Brothers and published by Renegade in October 1991.	Magic Pockets	1991
publication date	88 Antop Hill is a 2003 mystery thriller Hindi film.	88 Antop Hill	2003
publication date	Haunting Sarah is a 2005 American television horror film written by Tony Phelan and Joan Rater and directed by Ralph Hemecker, and based upon the novel New Year's Eve by Lisa Grunwald.	Haunting Sarah	2005
publication date	Diving Lucy is a 1903 British silent comedy film produced by Sagar Mitchell and James Kenyon.	Diving Lucy	1903
publication date	El corsario negro (``The Black Corsair'') is a 1944 Mexican film.	El corsario negro	1944
publication date	Maha Shaktimaan is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian 3D film feature film by Swamy V.S.R. and produced by P. Babji.	Maha Shaktimaan	1985
publication date	El diablo no es tan diablo (``The Devil is not so Devil'') is a 1949 Mexican film.	El diablo no es tan diablo	1949
publication date	These Birds Walk is a 2013 documentary film directed by Omar Mullick and Bassam Tariq that follows the life of a runaway boy in Pakistan as well as the humanitarian efforts of Abdul Sattar Edhi .	These Birds Walk	2013
publication date	Celebrity Pornhab with Dr. Screw is a 2009 pornographic film that satirizes the VH1 reality series Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew.	Celebrity Pornhab with Dr. Screw	2009
publication date	Evilenko is a 2004 English-language Italian crime horror thriller film very loosely based on the Soviet serial killer Andrei Chikatilo.	Evilenko	2004
publication date	When Monaliza Smiled (Arabic: لما ضحكت موناليزا‎; Lamma Dehket Monaliza) is a 2012 Jordanian romantic comedy film directed by Fadi Hadadd, produced by Nadia Eliwat and Nadine Toukan and starring Tahani Salim and Shady Khalaf with Haifa Al Agha, Nadera Omran, Fouad Al Shomali, Haidar Kfouf, and Suha Najjar.	When Monaliza Smiled	2012
publication date	Air Raid Wardens is a 1943 Laurel and Hardy comedy film.	Air Raid Wardens	1943
publication date	Ten Who Dared is a 1960 film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution in 1960.	Ten Who Dared	1960
publication date	The Secret Friend is a 2010 comedy-drama film based on the 1997 short story of the same name by Brazilian writer João Silvério Trevisan.	The Secret Friend	2010
publication date	My Friend from Faro (German: Mein Freund aus Faro) is 2008 German film.	My Friend from Faro	2008
publication date	The Ex-Mrs. Bradford is a 1936 American comedy-mystery film.	The Ex-Mrs. Bradford	1936
publication date	Hi, Fidelity is a 2011 Hong Kong dramatic film written and directed by Calvin Poon.	Hi, Fidelity	2011
publication date	The Japanese in Latin America is a 2004 book published by the University of Illinois Press about Japanese Latin Americans.	The Japanese in Latin America	2004
publication date	The Woman Juror is a 1926 British silent era drama film directed by Milton Rosmer and starring Charles Ashton, Alexander Field and Frank Vosper.	The Woman Juror	1926
publication date	Slightly Static is a 1935 American short comedy film directed by William H. Terhune.	Slightly Static	1935
publication date	Beatriz's War (Portuguese: A Guerra da Beatriz) is a 2013 drama film directed by Luigi Acquisto and Bety Reis.	Beatriz's War	2013
publication date	I'm Not Ready for Christmas is a 2015 romance film directed by Sam Irvin and starring Alicia Witt, George Stults, Brigid Brannagh, and Dan Lauria.	I'm Not Ready for Christmas	2015
publication date	The Emperor and His Brother is a 1981 Hong Kong wuxia film based on Louis Cha's novel The Book and the Sword.	The Emperor and His Brother	1981
publication date	Maan Maryada is a 1991 Bengali film directed by Sukhen Das.The film has been music directed by Ajoy Das.	Maan Maryada	1991
publication date	The Accused Uncle Shangang (Chinese: 被告山杠爺; pinyin: Bèi gào Shāngāng yé) is a 1994 Chinese film about life in rural China.	The Accused Uncle Shangang	1994
publication date	Afrodite Superstar is an American independent art film shot in New York City in 2006.	Afrodite Superstar	2006
publication date	Bheja Fry 2 (meaning 'Brain Fry' 2) is an Indian comedy film released on 17 June 2011.	Bheja Fry 2	2011
publication date	The Passion of John Ruskin is a Canadian short film released in 1994 based on the love life of writer and critic John Ruskin.	The Passion of John Ruskin	1994
publication date	Sheriff of Las Vegas is a 1944 American film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Wild Bill Elliott in the role of Red Ryder Costarring as Little Beaver, was actor (Bobby) Robert Blake.	Sheriff of Las Vegas	1944
publication date	Astral Tournament is a computer turn-based strategy game released by Apus Software in 2001.	Astral Tournament	2001
publication date	A Man from the Boulevard des Capucines (Russian: Человек с бульвара Капуцинов, translit. Chelovek s bulvara Kaputsinov) is a Red Western comedy film of 1987 (Mosfilm production), with nods to silent film and the transforming power of celluloid.	A Man from the Boulevard des Capucines	1987
publication date	Faces of Death VI is a 1996 direct-to-video compilation of the highlights of the earlier films in the Faces of Death series.	Faces of Death VI	1996
publication date	Muniyana Madari (Kannada: ಮುನಿಯನ ಮಾದರಿ) is a 1981 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by S. K. Bhagavan.	Muniyana Madari	1981
publication date	Noël Noël is a 22-minute animated short produced by the National Film Board of Canada in 2003 as a Christmas special.	Noël Noël	2003
publication date	The Art of Marriage is a 1970 American white coater.	The Art of Marriage	1970
publication date	A Daughter of the Poor is a 1917 silent film produced by Fine Arts Film Company and released by Triangle Film Corporation.	A Daughter of the Poor	1917
publication date	Qualquer Gato Vira-Lata (lit. ``Any Stray Cat'') is a 2011 Brazilian romantic comedy film directed by Tomas Portella.	Qualquer Gato Vira-Lata	2011
publication date	Eda Rae (Sinhala, That Night) is a 1953 Sri Lankan film that achieved some popularity in the country.	Eda Rae	1953
publication date	The Wraith of Haddon Towers is a 1916 silent movie that is considered to be one of the first in the genre of horror films.	The Wraith of Haddon Towers	1916
publication date	Emmanuelle in Rio is a 2003 made-for-television erotic film, directed by Kevin Alber and produced by Alain Siritzky from a script by Alber (as Ura Hee).	Emmanuelle in Rio	2003
publication date	Pedaling to Freedom (2007) is a 28-minute documentary directed by Vijay S. Jodha.	Pedaling to Freedom	2007
publication date	Glorious Betsy is a 1928 silent film with talking sequences.	Glorious Betsy	1928
publication date	Hanna-Barbera's All-Star Comedy Ice Revue is a 1978 live-action/animated television special produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions which premiered on CBS on January 13, 1978.	Hanna-Barbera's All-Star Comedy Ice Revue	1978
publication date	At Risk is a 1994 film about a woman named Lara, after spending a year in Mexico unsuccessfully trying to save her marriage to Steven, returns to the U.S. to find Max, her lover in this AIDS cautionary tale.	At Risk	1994
publication date	Without Limits is a 1998 biographical sports film.	Without Limits	1998
publication date	Love Like Wind is a 2007 film directed by Mei-Juin Chen, and produced by Lisa Muskat and Bianca Giancoli.	Love Like Wind	2007
publication date	Into the Straight is a 1949 Australian horse racing melodrama directed by T. O. McCreadie.	Into the Straight	1949
publication date	Memphis Cathouse Blues is a 1982 pornographic film that is a spoof of the Broadway musical The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, which was made into a film starring Burt Reynolds and Dolly Parton in 1982.	Memphis Cathouse Blues	1982
publication date	The Wall That Heals is a 1997 documentary film about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial narrated by Louis Gossett, Jr.	The Wall That Heals	1997
publication date	Rhapsody of Spring is a 1998 Chinese drama film directed and co-written by Teng Wenji, based on the life of composer Shi Guangnan (1940--1990).	Rhapsody of Spring	1998
publication date	Oka Raju Oka Rani is a 2003 Telugu language romantic movie produced by Ramoji Rao under Ushakiran Movies banner.	Oka Raju Oka Rani	2003
publication date	Coral Reef Adventure is a 70mm American documentary film released in 2003 to IMAX theaters.	Coral Reef Adventure	2003
publication date	This Year's Blonde is a 1980 low-budgeted American television drama film, based on the Garson Kanin novel Moviola about 1950s sex symbol Marilyn Monroe.	This Year's Blonde	1980
publication date	Thieves by Law, or Ganavim Ba Hok is a 2010 documentary film charting the rise of Russian organized crime in the wake of the fall of the Soviet Union.	Thieves by Law	2010
publication date	Last of the Mobile Hot Shots (1970) is an American drama film.	Last of the Mobile Hot Shots	1970
publication date	Berlin Beirut is a 2004 German-Lebanese short film by the Lebanese director Myrna Maakaron.	Berlin Beirut	2004
publication date	Die You Zombie Bastards! is a 2005 American zombie comedy by directed by Caleb Emerson, written by Emerson and Haig Demarjian, and starring Tim Gerstmar, Geoff Mosher, and Pippi Zornoza.	Die You Zombie Bastards!	2005
publication date	Grave Tales is a British anthology horror film made in 2011 at Pinewood Studios by FGS Productions and Ivory Tower Entertainment.	Grave Tales	2011
publication date	The Making of a Martyr is a 2006 film made by Canadian directors Brooke Goldstein and Alistair Leyland.	The Making of a Martyr	2006
publication date	24 Hours on Craigslist is a 2005 American feature-length documentary that captures the people and stories behind a single day's posts on the classified ad website Craigslist.	24 Hours on Craigslist	2005
publication date	The American National Biography (ANB) is a 24-volume biographical encyclopedia set that contains about 17,400 entries and 20 million words, first published in 1999 by Oxford University Press under the auspices of the American Council of Learned Societies.	American National Biography	1999
publication date	The Black Stiletto was released in the US on 5 September 2011.	The Black Stiletto	5 September 2011
publication date	Speaking in Strings is a 1999 documentary film directed by Paola di Florio.	Speaking in Strings	1999
publication date	The Progressive Blues Experiment was originally issued on Austin's Sonobeat Records label in 1968.	The Progressive Blues Experiment	1968
publication date	Here's Little Richard is the debut album from Little Richard, released on March 1957.	Here's Little Richard	March 1957
publication date	When Magoo Flew is a 1954 animated short produced by UPA for Columbia Pictures.	When Magoo Flew	1954
publication date	Kalabha Mazha ( Malayalam: കളഭമഴ) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by P Sukumenon, starring Krisha and Radhika in the lead roles.	Kalabha Mazha	2011
publication date	In a 1960 review, A. H. Weiler characterized the film: ... it is from the photographic and sound-track concentration on the Hogarthian faces of Los Angeles that The Savage Eye derives most of its ferocity.	The Savage Eye	1960
publication date	My Six Convicts is an American 1952 comedy-drama film adapted from the autobiographical book written by Donald Powell Wilson.	My Six Convicts	1952
publication date	Doc of the Dead is a 2014 American documentary film written and directed by Alexandre O. Philippe that focuses on the zombie genre.	Doc of the Dead	2014
publication date	Les Boys is a 1997 Quebec-made comedy film directed by Louis Saia.	Les Boys	1997
publication date	Saveray Wali Gaadi is an Indian drama film directed by Bharathi Rajaa and released in 1986.	Saveray Wali Gaadi	1986
publication date	Saturday the 14th Strikes Back (also known as Saturday the 14th Part 2) is a 1988 comic-horror film, written and directed by Howard R. Cohen and produced by Julie Corman.	Saturday the 14th Strikes Back	1988
publication date	The Cruel Truth is a 1927 silent film drama distributed by the Sterling Pictures company, on a State's Rights concept.	The Cruel Truth	1927
publisher	Riven Rock by T. C. Boyle Hardcover - ISBN 0-670-87881-2 (First edition, February 1, 1998) published by Viking Press Paperback - ISBN 0-14-027166-X (January 1, 1999) published by Penguin Books	Riven Rock	Viking Press
publisher	Tornado Low Level (also known as T.L.L.) is a game for the Sinclair ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC computers, and released by Vortex Software in 1984.	Tornado Low Level	Vortex Software
record label	As part of a series of Marillion's first eight studio albums, EMI Records re-released Script for a Jester's Tear on 29 September 1997 with 24-bit digital remastered sound and a second disc containing bonus tracks.	Script for a Jester's Tear	EMI
record label	According to Nude Records Saul Galpern, ``She's in Fashion'' was Suede's biggest radio hit.	She's in Fashion	Nude Records
screenwriter	Jackie & Ryan (released in the UK as Love Me Like You Do) is a 2014 American romantic drama film written and directed by Ami Canaan Mann, starring Katherine Heigl and Ben Barnes.	Jackie & Ryan	Ami Canaan Mann
screenwriter	John Hill adapted the screenplay into a novel, Heartbeeps, published by Jove Publications in December 1981 (ISBN 0-515-06183-2).	Heartbeeps	John Hill
screenwriter	Electric Moon is a 1992 Indian film directed by Pradip Krishen and written by Arundhati Roy.	Electric Moon	Arundhati Roy
screenwriter	Malicious Pleasure (aka Evil Pleasure, Sly Pleasure (French title: Le malin plaisir) is a French film directed by Bernard Toublanc Michel, released in 1975, and it stars Jacques Weber, Claude Jade, Anny Duperey, Nicoletta Machiavelli, Mary Marquet, Cécile Vassort.	Malicious Pleasure	Bernard Toublanc Michel
screenwriter	Kings of South Beach is a film written by Nicholas Pileggi about an infamous operator of nightclubs in the South Beach section of Miami Beach, Florida.	Kings of South Beach	Nicholas Pileggi
screenwriter	Family Nest (Hungarian: Családi tüzfészek) is a 1979 Hungarian black-and-white drama film, directed by Béla Tarr.	Family Nest	Béla Tarr
screenwriter	Sid and Nancy (also known as Sid and Nancy: Love Kills) is a 1986 British biopic directed by Alex Cox and co-written with Abbe Wool.	Sid and Nancy	Alex Cox
screenwriter	Young Frankenstein is a 1974 American satirical horror comedy film directed by Mel Brooks and starring Gene Wilder as the title character, a descendant of the infamous Dr. Victor Frankenstein.	Young Frankenstein	Mel Brooks	Gene Wilder
screenwriter	Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac (Japanese title: 誰かが私にキスをした Dareka ga watashi ni kiss wo shita, Someone Kissed Me) is a 2010 drama film starring Japanese actress Maki Horikita, Japanese actors Kenichi Matsuyama and Yuya Tegoshi, and American actor Anton Yelchin based on a book written by Gabrielle Zevin.	Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac	Gabrielle Zevin
screenwriter	Blue Chips is a 1994 basketball drama film, directed by William Friedkin, written by Ron Shelton and starring Nick Nolte as a college coach and real-life basketball stars Shaquille O'Neal and Anfernee ``Penny'' Hardaway as talented finds.	Blue Chips	Ron Shelton
screenwriter	The Grey Fox is a 1982 Canadian biographical Western film directed by Phillip Borsos and written by John Hunter.	The Grey Fox	John Hunter
screenwriter	Desiderando Giulia, internationally released as Desiring Julia, is a 1986 Italian erotic drama film directed by Andrea Barzini.	Desiring Julia	Andrea Barzini
screenwriter	Forever Enthralled (simplified Chinese: 梅兰芳; traditional Chinese: 梅蘭芳; pinyin: Méi Lánfāng) is a Chinese biographical film directed by Chen Kaige; the film marks Chen's eleventh feature film as a director.	Forever Enthralled	Chen Kaige
screenwriter	Au revoir les enfants (French pronunciation: ​(o ʁə.vwaʁ le zɑ̃.fɑ̃), meaning ``Goodbye, Children'') is an autobiographical 1987 film written, produced and directed by Louis Malle.	Au revoir les enfants	Louis Malle
screenwriter	A Little Chaos is a 2014 British period drama film directed by Alan Rickman.	A Little Chaos	Alan Rickman
screenwriter	Krakatit is a 1948 Czechoslovak science fiction mystery film directed by Otakar Vávra, starring Karel Höger as a chemist who suffers from delirium and regret after inventing a powerful explosive.	Krakatit	Otakar Vávra
screenwriter	Barravento (lit. ``The Turning Wind'') is a 1962 Brazilian drama film directed by Glauber Rocha.	Barravento	Glauber Rocha
screenwriter	More About the Children of Noisy Village (Swedish: Mer om oss barn i Bullerbyn) is a 1987 Swedish film directed by Lasse Hallström, based on the books about The Six Bullerby Children by Astrid Lindgren.	More About the Children of Noisy Village	Astrid Lindgren
screenwriter	The Big Blue (released in some countries under the French title Le Grand Bleu) is a 1988 English-language film in the French Cinéma du look visual style, made by French director Luc Besson.	The Big Blue	Luc Besson
screenwriter	Parameshi Prema Prasanga is a 1985 Indian Kannada language film directed by and starring Ramesh Bhat, with Arundhati Nag, Master Manjunath, Ananth Nag, Shankar Nag and C. R. Simha.	Parameshi Prema Prasanga	Shankar Nag
screenwriter	Deux heures moins le quart avant Jésus-Christ (Quarter To Two Before Jesus-Christ) is a 1982 French film directed by Jean Yanne.	Deux heures moins le quart avant Jésus-Christ	Jean Yanne
screenwriter	Trains'n'Roses (German: Zugvögel ... Einmal nach Inari) is a 1998 German-Finnish romantic comedy film directed by Peter Lichtefeld.	Trains'n'Roses	Peter Lichtefeld
screenwriter	Nils Karlsson Pyssling is a 1990 Swedish family film based on the novel with the same name by Astrid Lindgren.	Nils Karlsson Pyssling	Astrid Lindgren
screenwriter	The Left-Handed Woman (German: Die linkshändige Frau) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Peter Handke.	The Left-Handed Woman	Peter Handke
screenwriter	Soldiers Pay is a 2004 documentary film by David O. Russell.	Soldiers Pay	David O. Russell
screenwriter	Bombers B-52 is a 1957 Warner Bros. CinemaScope film starring Natalie Wood, Karl Malden, Marsha Hunt and Efrem Zimbalist Jr., and directed by Gordon Douglas, It was adapted from a Sam Rolfe story by screenwriter Irving Wallace.	Bombers B-52	Irving Wallace
screenwriter	Symphony of a City (Swedish: Människor i stad) is a 1947 Swedish documentary short film about Stockholm, directed by Arne Sucksdorff.	Symphony of a City	Arne Sucksdorff
screenwriter	Les Chevaliers du ciel (English: Sky Fighters) is a 2005 French film directed by Gérard Pirès about two air force pilots preventing a terrorist attack on the Bastille Day celebrations in Paris.	Sky Fighters	Gérard Pirès
screenwriter	Crazy Heart is a 2009 American drama film, written and directed by Scott Cooper and based on the 1987 novel of the same name by Thomas Cobb.	Crazy Heart	Scott Cooper
screenwriter	Witching & Bitching (Spanish: Las brujas de Zugarramurdi; ``The Witches of Zugarramurdi'') is a 2013 Spanish comedy horror film co-written and directed by Álex de la Iglesia.	Witching & Bitching	Álex de la Iglesia
screenwriter	La Fête espagnole is a 1920 French silent film directed by Germaine Dulac and written by Louis Delluc.	La Fête espagnole	Louis Delluc
screenwriter	Shallow Grave is a 1994 British dark comedy crime film that marked the cinematic directorial debut of Danny Boyle with an original screenplay by John Hodge.	Shallow Grave	John Hodge
screenwriter	Bawarchi (Devnagari: बावर्ची, translation: The Chef) is a 1972 Indian film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee starring Rajesh Khanna and Jaya Badhuri with Asrani, A.K. Hangal, Usha Kiran and Durga Khote in supporting roles.	Bawarchi	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
screenwriter	Hotel Rwanda is a 2004 American historical drama film directed by Terry George.	Hotel Rwanda	Terry George
screenwriter	Wifemistress (Italian: Mogliamante) is a 1977 Italian romantic movie directed by Marco Vicario.	Wifemistress	Marco Vicario
screenwriter	The Million Dollar Hotel is a 2000 American drama film based on a concept story by Bono and Nicholas Klein; directed by Wim Wenders; and starring Jeremy Davies, Milla Jovovich, and Mel Gibson.	The Million Dollar Hotel	Bono
screenwriter	Don't Torture a Duckling (Italian: Non si sevizia un paperino) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Lucio Fulci.	Don't Torture a Duckling	Lucio Fulci
screenwriter	French Cancan is a 1954 French musical film written and directed by Jean Renoir and starring Jean Gabin and María Félix.	French Cancan	Jean Renoir
screenwriter	À la folie (``To Madness'') (English: 6 Days, 6 Nights) is a 1994 French drama film by Diane Kurys with music by Michael Nyman.	À la folie	Diane Kurys
screenwriter	Conviene far bene l'amore (internationally released as The Sex Machine and Love and Energy) is a 1975 sci-fi - sexy comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile.	Conviene far bene l'amore	Pasquale Festa Campanile
screenwriter	Aida of the Trees (Italian: Aida degli alberi) is a 2001 Italian animation film written and directed by Guido Manuli and with soundtrack bu Ennio Morricone.	Aida of the Trees	Guido Manuli
screenwriter	Evolution of a Filipino Family is a Filipino film by Lav Diaz.	Evolution of a Filipino Family	Lav Diaz
screenwriter	Ghost in a Teeny Bikini is a 2006 American made for cable erotic film directed by Fred Olen Ray.	Ghost in a Teeny Bikini	Fred Olen Ray
screenwriter	The Grudge 2 is a 2006 American supernatural horror film and a sequel to 2004's The Grudge, directed by Takashi Shimizu (director of the Ju-on series) and written by Stephen Susco.	The Grudge 2	Stephen Susco
screenwriter	The Tavern Keeper's Daughter is a 1908 American silent action film directed by D. W. Griffith.	The Tavern Keeper's Daughter	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	The Great Resistance (French: Au pays des colons) is a 2007 documentary by Quebec film director Denys Desjardins.	The Great Resistance	Denys Desjardins
screenwriter	Summer Things (French: Embrassez qui vous voudrez; Italian: Baciate chi vi pare) is a 2002 French-Italian-British film directed by Michel Blanc based on the novel of the same name by Joseph Connolly.	Summer Things	Michel Blanc	Joseph Connolly
screenwriter	The Divine Nymph (Italian: Divina creatura) is a 1975 Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe Patroni Griffi and starring Laura Antonelli, Marcello Mastroianni, Michele Placido and Terence Stamp.	The Divine Nymph	Giuseppe Patroni Griffi
screenwriter	Dante 01 is a 2008 science fiction film by French director Marc Caro.	Dante 01	Marc Caro
screenwriter	The Outlaw and His Wife (Swedish: Berg-Ejvind och hans hustru) is a 1918 Swedish silent film directed by Victor Sjöström, based on a play from 1911 by Jóhann Sigurjónsson.	The Outlaw and His Wife	Jóhann Sigurjónsson
screenwriter	Ice and the Sky (French: La Glace et le ciel) is a 2015 French documentary film directed by Luc Jacquet about the work of Claude Lorius, who began studying Antarctic ice in 1957, and, in 1965, was the first scientist to be concerned about global warming.	Ice and the Sky	Luc Jacquet
screenwriter	Romance of a Jewess is a 1908 American silent short drama film written and directed by D. W. Griffith.	Romance of a Jewess	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	La Orca (also known as Snatch) is a 1976 Italian exploitation crime film directed by Eriprando Visconti.	La Orca	Eriprando Visconti
screenwriter	Django Strikes Again (Italian: Django 2 - Il grande ritorno, lit. ``Django 2 - The Great Return'') is a 1987 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Nello Rossati.	Django Strikes Again	Nello Rossati
screenwriter	Dheepan is a 2015 French crime drama film directed by Jacques Audiard and co-written by Audiard, Thomas Bidegain, and Noé Debré.	Dheepan	Jacques Audiard	Thomas Bidegain
screenwriter	Triple Agent is a French dramatic/thriller film, directed by Éric Rohmer in 2004.	Triple Agent	Éric Rohmer
screenwriter	Café Transit (in USA known as Border Cafe) is a 2005 Iranian film directed by Kambuzia Partovi.	Café Transit	Kambuzia Partovi
screenwriter	Right Now, Wrong Then (Hangul: 지금은맞고그때는틀리다; RR: Jigeumeun-matgo-geuttaeneun-tteullida) is a 2015 South Korean film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo.	Right Now, Wrong Then	Hong Sang-soo
screenwriter	John Hawkesworth and Alfred Shaughnessy wished an episode to revolve around Hannah Gordon's character Virginia, and Rosemary Anne Sisson wrote Such A Lovely Man.	Such A Lovely Man	Rosemary Anne Sisson
screenwriter	Le schpountz is a 1999 French film directed by Gérard Oury (a remake of the 1938 film Heartbeat by Marcel Pagnol).	Le schpountz	Gérard Oury
screenwriter	All About My Father (Norwegian: Alt om min far) is a 2002 Norwegian biographical documentary film written and directed by Even Benestad.	All About My Father	Even Benestad
screenwriter	Monrak Transistor (Thai: มนต์รักทรานซิสเตอร์, English: Transistor Love Story) is a 2001 Thai film directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang.	Monrak Transistor	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
screenwriter	The Departed is a 2006 American crime drama film, directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan.	The Departed	William Monahan
screenwriter	Il maestro di Vigevano, internationally released as The Teacher from Vigevano, is a 1963 Italian comedy drama film directed by Elio Petri.	The Teacher from Vigevano	Elio Petri
screenwriter	When the Sea Rises (French: Quand la mer monte...) is a 2004 French-Belgian romantic comedy film directed by Yolande Moreau and Gilles Porte.	When the Sea Rises	Yolande Moreau	Gilles Porte
screenwriter	The Dismantling (French: Le Démantèlement), also released in the United States under the title The Auction, is a 2013 Canadian drama film written and directed by Sébastien Pilote.	The Dismantling	Sébastien Pilote
screenwriter	Talentime is a 2009 Malaysian drama film written and directed by Yasmin Ahmad.	Talentime	Yasmin Ahmad
screenwriter	Beati i ricchi (Blessed Are the Rich) is a 1972 Italian comedy film written and directed by Salvatore Samperi.	Beati i ricchi	Salvatore Samperi
screenwriter	My Little Chickadee is a 1940 American comedy-western film starring Mae West and W.C. Fields, and featuring Joseph Calleia, Ruth Donnelly, Margaret Hamilton, Donald Meek, Willard Robertson, Dick Foran, William B. Davidson, and Addison Richards.	My Little Chickadee	Mae West
screenwriter	Homo Sapiens 1900 is a 1998 documentary directed by Peter Cohen, about various eugenics methods that were in practice in Europe during the first part of the 20th century.	Homo Sapiens 1900	Peter Cohen
screenwriter	Memories Within Miss Aggie is a 1974 pornographic film directed by Gerard Damiano and starring Deborah Ashira, Eric Edwards, and Harry Reems.	Memories Within Miss Aggie	Gerard Damiano
screenwriter	The Curse of Downers Grove is an American thriller film written by Bret Easton Ellis.	The Curse of Downers Grove	Bret Easton Ellis
screenwriter	I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With is a 2006 independent romantic comedy film written, produced, directed by, and starring Jeff Garlin, also featuring Sarah Silverman and Bonnie Hunt.	I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With	Jeff Garlin
screenwriter	The Love Guru is a 2008 American romantic comedy film directed by Marco Schnabel in his directorial debut, written and produced by Mike Myers, and starring Mike Myers, Jessica Alba, Justin Timberlake, Romany Malco, Meagan Good, Verne Troyer, John Oliver, Omid Djalili, and Ben Kingsley.	The Love Guru	Mike Myers
screenwriter	Arrivano i bersaglieri is a 1980 Italian historical-comedy film written and directed by Luigi Magni.	Arrivano i bersaglieri	Luigi Magni
screenwriter	Soft Beds, Hard Battles is a 1974 British comedy film directed by Roy Boulting, and starring Peter Sellers in several roles, and an all star cast, including Curd Jurgens, Lila Kedrova and Jenny Hanley.	Soft Beds, Hard Battles	Roy Boulting
screenwriter	Verginità is a 1952 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Leonardo De Mitri.	Verginità	Leonardo De Mitri
screenwriter	The Child of Destiny is a lost 1916 silent film drama directed by William Nigh and starring Irene Fenwick.	The Child of Destiny	William Nigh
screenwriter	Sex with a Smile is a 1976 Italian comedy film starring Marty Feldman, Barbara Bouchet, Edwige Fenech, Dayle Haddon and directed by Sergio Martino.	Sex with a Smile	Sergio Martino
screenwriter	Stress Is Three (Original title: Stress-es tres-tres) is a 1968 Spanish drama film directed by Carlos Saura.	Stress Is Three	Carlos Saura
screenwriter	The Yakuza is a 1974 neo-noir gangster film directed by Sydney Pollack, written by Leonard Schrader, Paul Schrader, and Robert Towne.	The Yakuza	Paul Schrader	Robert Towne
screenwriter	Time to Leave (French: Le Temps qui reste) is a French film directed by François Ozon, released in 2005.	Time to Leave	François Ozon
screenwriter	Freeheld is a 2015 American drama film directed by Peter Sollett and written by Ron Nyswaner.	Freeheld	Ron Nyswaner
screenwriter	Robert Holmes said of The Deadly Assassin that it was difficult to write a script without anyone for the Doctor to share his thoughts and plans with, the usual role of the companion.	The Deadly Assassin	Robert Holmes
screenwriter	Amanece, que no es poco is a 1989 Spanish comedy film directed by José Luis Cuerda.	Amanece, que no es poco	José Luis Cuerda
screenwriter	Entre ses mains is a 2005 French-Belgian drama film directed by Anne Fontaine.	Entre ses mains	Anne Fontaine
screenwriter	Please Give is a 2010 dark comedy film written and directed by Nicole Holofcener and starring Catherine Keener.	Please Give	Nicole Holofcener
screenwriter	Thomas the Impostor (French: Thomas l'imposteur) is a 1964 French film directed by Georges Franju and starring Emmanuelle Riva, Fabrice Rouleau, Sophie Dares, Jean Marais and Charles Aznavour.	Thomas the Impostor	Georges Franju
screenwriter	Everything Will Be Fine (Danish: Alting bliver godt igen) is a 2010 Danish film directed by Christoffer Boe, who also wrote the screenplay.	Everything Will Be Fine	Christoffer Boe
screenwriter	The Willow Tree (Persian: بید مجنون ‎‎, translit. Bid-e Majnoon) is a 2005 Iranian film directed by Majid Majidi.	The Willow Tree	Majid Majidi
screenwriter	Longtake (Italian title: Pianosequenza) is a 2005 Italian film directed by Louis Nero.	Longtake	Louis Nero
screenwriter	Apocalypto is a 2006 American epic adventure film directed and produced by Mel Gibson.	Apocalypto	Mel Gibson
screenwriter	Manasunu Maaya Seyake is a bilingual Indian film directed by Suresh P Kumar, starring Sethu, Prince, Disha Pandey and Richa Panai.	Manasunu Maaya Seyake	Suresh P Kumar
screenwriter	Main street (Spanish: Calle Mayor) is a 1956 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem.	Calle Mayor	Juan Antonio Bardem
screenwriter	Non ti pago! is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia.	Non ti pago!	Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia
screenwriter	Trainer! is a 2013 documentary film that was directed by Aljoscha Pause.	Trainer!	Aljoscha Pause
screenwriter	Kings and Queen (French: Rois et reine) is a 2004 French film directed by Arnaud Desplechin.	Kings and Queen	Arnaud Desplechin
screenwriter	Siberian Education (known as Deadly Code in USA; Italian: Educazione siberiana) is a 2013 Italian crime-drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores.	Siberian Education	Gabriele Salvatores
screenwriter	Amy's Orgasm (title censored to Amy's O in many video shops) is a 2001 film directed by Julie Davis.	Amy's Orgasm	Julie Davis
screenwriter	Ugler i mosen is a 1959 Norwegian mystery and adventure family film directed by Ivo Caprino.	Ugler i mosen	Ivo Caprino
screenwriter	Couples Retreat is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Billingsley, marking his directorial debut, and written by Jon Favreau, Vince Vaughn, Dana Fox, Curtis Hanson, and Greg Beeman.	Couples Retreat	Jon Favreau	Vince Vaughn
screenwriter	Salmonberries is a 1991 drama film directed by Percy Adlon and written by Adlon and his son Felix.	Salmonberries	Percy Adlon
screenwriter	I Am Dina is a 2002 Swedish-Norwegian-Danish film directed by Ole Bornedal.	I Am Dina	Ole Bornedal
screenwriter	A Girl Cut in Two (French: La Fille coupée en deux) is a 2007 French drama and thriller film directed by Claude Chabrol and starring Ludivine Sagnier, François Berléand, and Benoît Magimel.	A Girl Cut in Two	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	İki Genç Kız (The international working title is 2 Girls) is a Golden Orange awarded 2005 Turkish film by Kutluğ Ataman, produced by Gulen Guler Hurley, starring Feride Çetin, Vildan Atasever and Hülya Avşar.	İki Genç Kız	Kutluğ Ataman
screenwriter	Barry Lyndon is a 1975 British-American period drama film written, produced, and directed by Stanley Kubrick, based on the 1844 novel The Luck of Barry Lyndon by William Makepeace Thackeray.	Barry Lyndon	Stanley Kubrick
screenwriter	City of Life and Death is a 2009 Chinese drama film written and directed by Lu Chuan, marking his third feature film.	City of Life and Death	Lu Chuan
screenwriter	Inside Daisy Clover is a 1965 American drama film based on the 1963 novel by Gavin Lambert.	Inside Daisy Clover	Gavin Lambert
screenwriter	Pleasant Moments (Czech: Hezké chvilky bez záruky) is a Czech drama film directed by Věra Chytilová.	Pleasant Moments	Věra Chytilová
screenwriter	Funny Face is a 1957 American musical romantic comedy film directed by Stanley Donen and written by Leonard Gershe, containing assorted songs by George and Ira Gershwin.	Funny Face	Leonard Gershe
series	La Mine d'or de Dick Digger, written and drawn by Morris, is an album containing two stories from serial publication in Le Journal de Spirou during 1947, namely La Mine d'or de Dick Digger and Le Sosie de Lucky Luke.	La Mine d'or de Dick Digger	Lucky Luke
series	Planet of Exile is a 1966 science-fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin in her Hainish Cycle.	Planet of Exile	Hainish Cycle
series	Warlords of Utopia is an original novel by Lance Parkin set in the Faction Paradox universe.	Warlords of Utopia	Faction Paradox
series	``Crater 101'' is the 17th episode of the Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.	Crater 101	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons
series	FreeSpace 2 is a 1999 space combat simulation computer game developed by Volition, Inc. as the sequel to Descent: FreeSpace -- The Great War.	FreeSpace 2	Descent: FreeSpace -- The Great War
series	``The Return of Avery Jessup'' is the twenty-first episode of the sixth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 124th overall episode of the series.	The Return of Avery Jessup	30 Rock
series	``Amy's Baking Company'' is the sixteenth episode of the fifth season of Kitchen Nightmares, and the 82nd episode of the series overall.	Amy's Baking Company	Kitchen Nightmares
series	``The God Complex'' is the eleventh episode of the sixth series of the British television series Doctor Who, first broadcast on BBC One 17 September 2011.	The God Complex	Doctor Who
series	``Singing in the Drain'' is the fifth episode of the third series of the British television series Gimme Gimme Gimme.	Singing in the Drain	Gimme Gimme Gimme
series	``Search Committee'' is the hour-long finale of the seventh season of the American television comedy series The Office.	Search Committee	The Office
series	``The Man Behind the Curtain'' is the 20th episode of the 3rd season of Lost, and the 69th episode overall.	The Man Behind the Curtain	Lost
series	``The Losing Edge'' is the fifth episode in the ninth season of the American animated series South Park.	The Losing Edge	South Park
series	``The Siege of AR-558'' is the 158th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the eighth episode of the seventh season.	The Siege of AR-558	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	Shadow and Claw is an omnibus of the first two volumes of The Book of the New Sun series by Gene Wolfe.	Shadow and Claw	The Book of the New Sun
series	``Colonial Day'' is the eleventh episode of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica television series.	Colonial Day	Battlestar Galactica
series	``Time Crash'' is a mini-episode of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Time Crash	Doctor Who
series	``Because You Left'' is the television season premiere of the American Broadcasting Company's fifth season of the serial drama television series Lost.	Because You Left	Lost
series	The Dark Heart of Time: a Tarzan novel is a 1999 work by Philip José Farmer authorized by Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc. The book was first announced under the title Tarzan's Greatest Secret in 1997.	The Dark Heart of Time	Tarzan
series	The Eleventh Doctor is an incarnation of the Doctor, the protagonist of the BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who.	Eleventh Doctor	Doctor Who
series	Child of the Northern Spring is the first novel in Persia Woolley's Guinevere trilogy, about the Arthurian legend.	Child of the Northern Spring	Guinevere trilogy
series	``Revenge and Remorse (The Guilty Alibi)'' is the fourth episode of the TV series Police Squad!.	Revenge and Remorse (The Guilty Alibi)	Police Squad
series	Land of Black Gold (French: Tintin au pays de l'or noir) is the fifteenth volume of The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.	Land of Black Gold	The Adventures of Tintin
series	Thuvia, Maid of Mars is a science fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the fourth of the Barsoom series.	Thuvia, Maid of Mars	Barsoom
series	``'The President Wore Pearls'' is the third episode of the The Simpsons fifteenth season, first broadcast on November 16, 2003.	The President Wore Pearls	The Simpsons
series	``The Cyprus Agency'' is the thirteenth episode of the first season of the American crime drama The Blacklist.	The Cyprus Agency	The Blacklist
series	``Lust in Translation'' is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass.	Lust in Translation	The Green Green Grass
series	The Way of Kings (abbreviated as WOK by fans) is the first book of The Stormlight Archive epic fantasy series written by American author Brandon Sanderson.	The Way of Kings	The Stormlight Archive
series	Seduced by Moonlight is the third novel in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton.	Seduced by Moonlight	Merry Gentry series
series	``Half-Decent Proposal'' is the tenth episode of The Simpsons' thirteenth season.	Half-Decent Proposal	The Simpsons
series	The KTX-I or simply KTX, also known as TGV-K, is a South Korean high speed train class based on the French TGV Réseau.	KTX-I	TGV
series	``The Ghost Network'' is the third episode of the first season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe.	The Ghost Network	Fringe
series	``Get the Girl'' is the nineteenth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 171st episode overall.	Get the Girl	The Office
series	Armageddon Now (Parts 1 and 2) formed two episodes of the American/New Zealand television series, Hercules: The Legendary Journeys (1995-1999).	Armageddon Now	Hercules: The Legendary Journeys
series	The Eye of the World (abbreviated as tEotW or EotW by fans) is the first book of The Wheel of Time (WoT) fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan.	The Eye of the World	The Wheel of Time
series	The Ford Laser was a compact car which was sold by Ford in Asia, Oceania, and parts of South America, and Africa.	Ford Laser	compact car
series	``The Perfect Cocktail'' is the 22nd episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 134th episode overall.	The Perfect Cocktail	How I Met Your Mother
series	``Yes, Then Zero'' is the 88th episode of the CW television series, Gossip Girl, as well as the first episode of the show's fifth season.	Yes, Then Zero	Gossip Girl
series	``Realty Bites'' is the ninth episode of the animated television series The Simpsons' ninth season, which originally aired December 7, 1997 on Fox.	Realty Bites	The Simpsons
series	``The Fifth Stage'' is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and seventieth episode overall.	The Fifth Stage	Heroes
series	The progressive rock band Glass Hammer has a song titled That Hideous Strength on their concept album Perelandra, which is based on the stories of The Space Trilogy and The Chronicles of Narnia.	That Hideous Strength	The Space Trilogy
series	``Where No One Has Gone Before'' is the sixth episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, (episode 1 - 'Encounter at Farpoint' is a two part episode) originally aired October 26, 1987, in broadcast syndication in the United States.	Where No One Has Gone Before	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``Clarifications'' is the eighth episode of the fifth season of the HBO original series, The Wire.	Clarifications	The Wire
series	``Homerland'' (styled as ``HOMƎRLAND'') is the season premiere of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons, and the 531st episode of the series.	Homerland	The Simpsons
series	``The Face on the Poster'' is the sixth episode of the eighth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally broadcast on 10 October 1975.	The Face on the Poster	Dad's Army
series	``The Man Who Came to Be Dinner'' is the tenth episode of the twenty-sixth season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons, and the overall 562nd episode of the series.	The Man Who Came to Be Dinner	The Simpsons
series	``Dr. Linus'' is the seventh episode of the sixth season of ABC's drama television series Lost.	Dr. Linus	Lost
series	Minions Paradise is a 2015 mobile game based on characters appearing in the computer-animated comedy film franchise Despicable Me.	Minions Paradise	Despicable Me
series	School for Traitors is the twentieth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Julie Stevens.	School for Traitors	The Avengers
series	``The Blunder Years'' is the fifth episode of The Simpsons'' thirteenth season.	The Blunder Years	The Simpsons
series	The Year of the Mouse is a Tom and Jerry cartoon released in 1965, directed and produced by Chuck Jones, with animation by Dick Thompson, Ben Washam, Don Towsley, and Ken Harris.	The Year of the Mouse	Tom and Jerry
series	``Hamburger Dinner Theater'' is the fifth episode of the first season of the animated television series Bob's Burgers.	Hamburger Dinner Theater	Bob's Burgers
series	Mouse Trouble is a 1944 American one-reel animated cartoon and is the 17th Tom and Jerry short produced by Fred Quimby and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, with music by Scott Bradley (the music is actually based on the popular jazz song ``All God's Children Got Rhythm'').	Mouse Trouble	Tom and Jerry
series	Minnesota Cuke and the Coconut Apes is a VeggieTales video game which started the Minnesota franchise.	Minnesota Cuke and the Coconut Apes	VeggieTales
series	L'Élixir du Dr Doxey is a Lucky Luke adventure in French, written and illustrated by Morris.	L'Élixir du Dr Doxey	Lucky Luke
series	Vampire Blood (also called the Cirque du Freak trilogy) is the first trilogy in The Saga of Darren Shan by the author Darren Shan.	Vampire Blood	The Saga of Darren Shan
series	SpongeBob HeroPants is a 2015 action-adventure video game based on the television series, SpongeBob SquarePants.	SpongeBob HeroPants	SpongeBob SquarePants
series	The stories Iron and Inconstant Star were first published in The Man-Kzin Wars and Man-Kzin Wars III, respectively.	Inconstant Star	Man-Kzin Wars
series	Ring of Fear (A Dangerous Assignment) is the second episode of the TV series Police Squad!.	Ring of Fear (A Dangerous Assignment)	Police Squad
series	Behind That Curtain (1928) is the third novel in the Charlie Chan series of mystery novels by Earl Derr Biggers.	Behind That Curtain	Charlie Chan
series	Double Deuce is the 19th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker.	Double Deuce	Spenser
series	``Phil on Wire'' is the third episode of the third season of the American sitcom Modern Family and the show's 51st episode overall.	Phil on Wire	Modern Family
series	``Tonsil Trouble'' is the first episode in the twelfth season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 168th episode of the series overall.	Tonsil Trouble	South Park
series	``Bodyswap'' is the fourth episode of science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf Series III, and the sixteenth overall.	Bodyswap	Red Dwarf
sex or gender	Frederique Janssen (born 21 December 1999 in Oss) is a female Dutch swimmer.	Frederique Janssen	female
sex or gender	Bae Min-hee (born July 11, 1988) is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Bae Min-hee	female
sport	Orla Noom, (born November 2, 1985 in Haarlem) is a professional squash player who represents the Netherlands.	Orla Noom	squash
sport	The UWA World Heavyweight Championship (Campeonato Mundial peso Completo de UWA in Spanish) is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship originally promoted by Universal Wrestling Association (UWA) until it closed in 1995 and since then been defended on the Mexican independent circuit.	UWA World Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Renzo Garlaschelli (born 29 March 1950) is an Italian association football former player of South American origin.	Renzo Garlaschelli	association football
sport	Anne Margrethe Hausken (born 23 January 1976) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor, World champion and European champion.	Anne Margrethe Hausken	orienteering
sport	Kiyovu Sports Association, more commonly known as S.C. Kiyovu Sports or simply Kiyovu Sports or Kiyovu, is an association football club based in Kigali, Rwanda.	S.C. Kiyovu Sports	association football
sport	Steve Tuynman (born 30 May 1963, in Sydney, New South Wales), is a former Australian rugby union player.	Steve Tuynman	rugby union
sport	Travarus Bennett (born 1979 in Rosedale, Mississippi) is a basketball player who has played professionally in Europe and the North American minor leagues.	Travarus Bennett	basketball
sport	BK Mladá Boleslav (Bruslařský klub Mladá Boleslav) is an ice hockey team promoted to the Czech Extraliga, the country's highest level on 18 April 2014 after a two-year absence.	BK Mladá Boleslav	ice hockey
sport	Bartolomé Castagnola born June 16, 1970 in Lomas de Zamora, Buenos Aires Province is an Argentine polo player with a 10-goal polo handicap and ranked among the top twenty players.	Bartolomé Castagnola	polo
sport	FC Viikkarit (previously FC Viikingit/2) are a Finnish association football team based in Vuosaari, East Helsinki.	FC Viikkarit	association football
sport	Wessel Roux (Born 18/10/75) is a South African international rugby union prop who last played for CS Bourgoin-Jallieu in the Top 14.	Wessel Roux	rugby union
sport	The 1913 Saskatchewan Huskies football team represented the University of Saskatchewan in Canadian football.	1913 Saskatchewan Huskies football team	Canadian football
sport	The Meco Cup (formerly known as the MLP Nations Cup and the Air Canada Cup) is an annual women's ice hockey tournament, held in Germany and Switzerland.	Meco Cup	ice hockey
sport	The 2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2007-08 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took place on March 5, 2008 as a single-elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.	2008 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Stephanie DeFina Johnson (born March 8, 1946) is an American former amateur tennis player who was active in the 1960s and early 1970s.	Stephanie DeFina	tennis
sport	The Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) has held the La Copa Junior (``The Junior Cup'') tournament on an infrequent schedule since 1996.	La Copa Junior	professional wrestling
sport	Goulburn Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in the city of Goulburn, New South Wales.	Goulburn Rugby Union	rugby union
sport	Joshua Waitzkin (born December 4, 1976) is an American chess player, martial arts competitor, and author.	Joshua Waitzkin	chess
sport	Holger Geschwindner (born September 12, 1945 in Bad Nauheim, Hesse) is a former basketball player, and is the mentor, coach and friend of the National Basketball Association's (NBA) Dallas Mavericks power forward Dirk Nowitzki.	Holger Geschwindner	basketball
sport	ŽKK Dubrava Zagreb is a Croatian Women's basketball club in Zagreb.	ŽKK Dubrava Zagreb	basketball
sport	Oxford Saints American Football Club is an English American football club that competes in the BAFANL (British American Football Association National League).	Oxford Saints	American football
sport	Ribe-Esbjerg HH is a handball club based in the town of Ribe in Jutland, Denmark.	Ribe-Esbjerg HH	handball
sport	The Central European Basketball League (also known as the CEBL) was a professional basketball competition in Central Europe.	Central European Basketball League	basketball
sport	Michel Hernández (born August 12, 1978) is a retired Cuban professional baseball catcher.	Michel Hernández	baseball
sport	Cristiano Bergodi (born 14 October 1964 in Bracciano, Lazio) is an Italian association football manager and former player.	Cristiano Bergodi	association football
sport	Ayberk Olmaz (born June 8, 1996) is a Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays for TED Ankara Kolejliler of the Turkish Basketball League, on loan from Fenerbahçe Ülker.	Ayberk Olmaz	basketball
sport	Christoph Kobleder (born March 3, 1990) is an Austrian professional association football player who currently plays for FC Wacker as a defender.	Christoph Kobleder	association football
sport	David Špiler (born 2 January 1983) is a professional handball player currently playing for RK Metalac Zagreb (captain Ivan Antolković Antus).	David Špiler	handball
sport	The 2008 Georgia Bulldogs football team competed in American football on behalf of the University of Georgia in 2008.	2008 Georgia Bulldogs football team	American football
sport	Liaoning Hengye (Chinese: 辽宁衡业) is a Chinese basketball club in Shenyang playing in the WCBA.	Liaoning Hengye	basketball
sport	Marleen Veldhuis is a former water polo player which she combined with swimming.	Marleen Veldhuis	swimming
sport	The Seattle Majestics are a Women's American football team based in Seattle, Washington.	Seattle Majestics	American football
sport	The 1992 King Fahd Cup (Arabic: كأس الملك فهد‎), named after Fahd of Saudi Arabia, was the first association football tournament of the competition that would later be known as the FIFA Confederations Cup.	1992 King Fahd Cup	association football
sport	Bayenthaler SV was a German association football club from the Bayenthal district of Köln, North Rhine-Westphalia.	Bayenthaler SV	association football
sport	The 2006 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2006 college football season.	2006 Florida Gators football team	American football
sport	The National Premier League, also known for sponsorship purposes as the Red Stripe Premier League, is the top division for men's association football in Jamaica.	National Premier League	association football
sport	The 2004 Brasil Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Salvador, Bahia in Brazil and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour.	2004 Brasil Open	tennis
sport	HC Fribourg-Gottéron is a professional ice hockey team based in Fribourg, Switzerland, which competes in National League A. The team is the sixth most attended team in Switzerland for the 2014/15 season with 6,261 spectators.	HC Fribourg-Gottéron	ice hockey
sport	The Open de Sevilla was a golf tournament on the European Tour that was played only once, in 2004.	Open de Sevilla	golf
sport	Ticia Gara (born October 25, 1984 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian chess woman grandmaster.	Ticia Gara	chess
sport	Víctor Bird (born March 16, 1982) is a volleyball player from Puerto Rico, who was a member of the Men's National Team that ended up in sixth place at the 2007 FIVB Men's World Cup in Japan.	Víctor Bird	volleyball
sport	Alexander Lokhmanchuk (Ukrainian: Александр Лохманчук; born 28 May 1973 in Kerch, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a former professional basketball player of Ukraine.	Alexander Lokhmanchuk	basketball
sport	Bristol Ladies, formally Clifton Ladies RFC, is a women's rugby union team based in Bristol, Gloucestershire, England.	Bristol Ladies	rugby union
sport	Hardbat table tennis is the classical table tennis playing style that existed prior to the advent of sponge rubber in the 1950s.	Hardbat	table tennis
sport	The 2012 Hong Kong Super Series is a top level badminton competition held from November 13, 2012 to November 18, 2012 in Kowloon, Hong Kong.It is the twleveth BWF Super Series competition on the 2012 BWF Super Series schedule.	2012 Hong Kong Super Series	badminton
sport	Alireza Nadi (Persian: علیرضا نادی‎‎, born September 2, 1980 in Tehran) is a volleyball player from Iran, who played as a middle-blocker for the Men's National Team.	Alireza Nadi	volleyball
sport	The MWA World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in the Kansas City, Kansas-based Midwest Wrestling Association (MWA).	MWA World Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Bálint Magosi (born 15 August 1989) is a Hungarian professional ice hockey forward who plays for Austrian Hockey League side Alba Volán Székesfehérvár.	Bálint Magosi	ice hockey
sport	The 1923 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was the second Swedish Championship tournament in ice hockey.	1923 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship	ice hockey
sport	Janar Talts (born 7 April 1983) is an Estonian professional basketball player.	Janar Talts	basketball
sport	The 2010 Internazionali BNL d'Italia was a tennis tournament, being played on outdoor clay courts at the Foro Italico in Rome, Italy.	2010 Internazionali BNL d'Italia	tennis
sport	BC Khimki (Russian: БК ``Химки'') is a Russian professional basketball team that is based in Khimki, Moscow Oblast.	BC Khimki	basketball
sport	Joe Stejskal (born April 30, 1988) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman, who is currently playing with the Atlanta Gladiators of the ECHL.	Joe Stejskal	ice hockey
sport	The International Premier Tennis League (IPTL, officially the Coca-Cola International Premier Tennis League Presented by Qatar Airways pursuant to sponsorship agreements with The Coca-Cola Company and Qatar Airways) is an annual team tennis league that takes place in various cities in Asia.	International Premier Tennis League	tennis
sport	Pebble Beach Golf Links is a golf course on the west coast of the United States, located in Pebble Beach, California.	Pebble Beach Golf Links	golf
sport	Edward Donaghy, known as Eddy Donaghy or Ted Donaghy (born 8 January 1900) was an English association football player and coach.	Eddy Donaghy	association football
sport	The 2009 Heineken Open is a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2009 Heineken Open	tennis
sport	The 1990 PBA First Conference Finals was the best-of-7 basketball championship series of the 1990 PBA First Conference, and the conclusion of the conference's playoffs.	1990 PBA First Conference Finals	basketball
sport	The 2013 Topshelf Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts.	2013 Topshelf Open	tennis
sport	Rokometno Društvo Merkur, commonly referred to as RD Merkur or simply Merkur, was a team handball club from Škofja Loka, Slovenia.	RD Merkur	handball
sport	The 2011 Michigan Wolverines football team, sometimes known as Team 132 in reference to the 132-year tradition of the Michigan football program, was an American football team that represented the University of Michigan during the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season.	2011 Michigan Wolverines football team	American football
sport	The Australian Ice Hockey Federation, currently trading as Ice Hockey Australia (IHA), is the official national governing body of ice hockey in Australia and is a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation.	Ice Hockey Australia	ice hockey
sport	The 2013 Varsity Football challenge was the first season of a South African university association football competition.	2013 Varsity Football	association football
sport	AfroBasket 2015 was the 28th edition of the AfroBasket, a men's basketball continental championship of Africa.	AfroBasket 2015	basketball
sport	Bernardo Brito known as EL Pupo (December 4, 1963 in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic), is a retired professional baseball player who played outfield & designated hitter in the Major Leagues from 1992-1995.	Bernardo Brito	baseball
sport	VfB Lübeck is a German association football club playing in Lübeck, Schleswig-Holstein in the country's north.	VfB Lübeck	association football
sport	Elna Reinach (born 2 December 1968) is a South African former pro tennis player.	Elna Reinach	tennis
sport	Gregor Fučka (Slovene pronunciation: (ˈfutʃka) ('Footchka')) was born 7 August 1971 in Kranj, Slovenia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Slovenian-Italian professional basketball player.	Gregor Fučka	basketball
sport	Eliran Guetta is a 6' 6`` (1.98 m) Israeli professional basketball player.	Eliran Guetta	basketball
sport	Edward Dean Kennedy (born January 18, 1963 in Redvers, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player in the NHL from 1982--1995.	Dean Kennedy	ice hockey
sport	The National Team Championship, which was played under a variety of names, was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour from 1965 to 1972.	National Team Championship	golf
sport	LeRoy Hurd (born May 26, 1980) is an American basketball player currently playing with CSU Sibiu of the Romanian Liga Națională.	LeRoy Hurd	basketball
sport	TSV Kottern is a German association football club from Kottern in Kempten, Bavaria.	TSV Kottern	association football
sport	Richard Agar is an English rugby league football coach and former player.	Richard Agar	rugby league
sport	The 2001 Milan Indoor was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Milan in Italy and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour.	2001 Milan Indoor	tennis
sport	GET-ligaen (English: the GET-league) is the premier Norwegian ice hockey league, organised by the Norwegian Ice Hockey Association.	GET-ligaen	ice hockey
sport	Chloe Magee (born 29 November 1988 in Raphoe, County Donegal) is an Irish professional badminton player.	Chloe Magee	badminton
sport	The Southern (Spring) Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour, played only in 1922 at the New Orleans Country Club in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Southern (Spring) Open	golf
sport	Michał Przysiężny (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmixaw pʂɨˈɕɛ̃ʐnɨ)) (born 16 February 1984) is a Polish professional tennis player.	Michał Przysiężny	tennis
sport	Miguel Kiala (born 10 November 1990 in Luanda, Angola), is a professional Angolan basketball player.	Miguel Kiala	basketball
sport	George Frederick Harding JP (1858 -- 8 July 1927) was an English-born international rugby union player who played club rugby for Newport and international rugby for Wales.	George Frederick Harding	rugby union
sport	The Nancy Lieberman Award, named for Basketball Hall of Fame legend Nancy Lieberman, was given annually by the Rotary Club of Detroit in the Award's first 14 years to the nation's top collegiate point guard in women's Division I basketball.	Nancy Lieberman Award	basketball
sport	The Pan Pacific Swimming Championships is a long course swimming event first held in 1985.	Pan Pacific Swimming Championships	swimming
sport	The Kharlamov Cup (Russian: Кубок Харламова, Kubok Kharlamova) is the trophy presented to the winner of the Russian Junior Hockey League (MHL) playoffs, and is named after ice hockey player Valeri Kharlamov, considered to be one of the greatest ice hockey players of the World.	Kharlamov Cup	ice hockey
sport	Laurent Bernard (born June 15, 1971 in Chatenay-Malabry, France) is a French basketball player who played 9 times for the French men's national basketball team between 2000-2001.	Laurent Bernard	basketball
sport	The Twin Ports League was an American minor baseball league that existed for six weeks (May 30 through July 13) during the wartime 1943 season.	Twin Ports League	baseball
sport	The 2009 Asian Beach Volleyball Championship was a beach volleyball event, that was held from December 23 to 26, 2009 in Haikou, China.	2009 Asian Beach Volleyball Championship	beach volleyball
sport	Robbie Weiss (born December 1, 1966 in Chicago ) is a former tour professional tennis player and NCAA Division 1 singles champion.	Robbie Weiss	tennis
sport	The 1972 U.S. Clay Court Championships was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament that was part of the 1972 Grand Prix circuit.	1972 U.S. Clay Court Championships	tennis
sport	Riddick Bowe vs. Jesse Ferguson, billed as ``The Heavyweight Debate'', was a professional boxing match contested on May 22, 1993, for the WBA and Lineal Heavyweight championships.	Riddick Bowe vs. Jesse Ferguson	boxing
sport	Riihimäki Cocks (Finnish: Riihimäen Cocks) is a Finnish handball club from Riihimäki.	Riihimäki Cocks	handball
sport	The Women's Basketball Hall of Fame honors men and women who have contributed to the sport of women's basketball.	Women's Basketball Hall of Fame	basketball
sport	The 2012 Copenhagen Masters was the 20th edition of the invitational badminton tournament Copenhagen Masters, held in Falconer Salen in Copenhagen.	2012 Copenhagen Masters	badminton
sport	The Football Association, also known simply as The FA, is the governing body of association football in England, and the Crown dependencies of Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.	The Football Association	association football
sport	Daniel Sorensen (born March 5, 1990) is an American football Free safety currently on the roster of the Kansas City Chiefs.	Daniel Sorensen	American football
sport	Mariusz Fyrstenberg (born 8 July 1980) is a left-handed Polish professional tennis player whose speciality is in doubles.	Mariusz Fyrstenberg	tennis
sport	Jiří Javorský, (9 February 1932, Prague -- 16 September 2002, Heilbronn, Germany) was a Czech tennis player.	Jiří Javorský	tennis
sport	Bruce Sandford (born 18 July 1962) is a New Zealand skeleton racer who has competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Bruce Sandford	skeleton
sport	Patricia Coleman (born 13 May 1953) is a former tennis player.	Patricia Coleman	tennis
sport	The 1955 Men's European Volleyball Championship, the fourth edition of the event, was organized by Europe's governing volleyball body, the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball.	1955 Men's European Volleyball Championship	volleyball
sport	The Austria national football team (German: Österreichische Fußballnationalmannschaft) is the association football team that represents the country of Austria in international competition and is controlled by the Austrian Football Association (German: Österreichischer Fußballbund).	Austria national football team	association football
sport	Pape-Philippe Amagou (born February 27, 1985) is a Côte d'Ivoirean-French professional basketball player who plays for Le Mans Sarthe of the LNB Pro A. He is also a member of the Côte d'Ivoire national basketball team.	Pape-Philippe Amagou	basketball
sport	Thea Slatyer (born 2 February 1983) is an Australian association football player and member of the Australia women's national football team.	Thea Slatyer	association football
sport	The Romania Fed Cup team represents Romania in Fed Cup tennis competition.	Romania Fed Cup team	tennis
sport	Emilia Dragieva (Bulgarian: Емилия Драгиева, née Petkanova (Петканова); born 11 January 1965) is a Bulgarian former track and field athlete who specialised in the high jump.	Emilia Dragieva	track and field
sport	Zoran Sretenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Сретеновић, born August 5, 1964) is a retired Serbian basketball player, and a present basketball coach.	Zoran Sretenović	basketball
sport	Sportgemeinschaft Dynamo Dresden e.V., commonly known as SG Dynamo Dresden or Dynamo Dresden, is a German association football club, based in Dresden, Saxony.	Dynamo Dresden	association football
sport	Zahed Mohamed (born June 24, 1992 in Alexandria), is a professional squash player who represented Egypt.	Zahed Mohamed	squash
sport	Thibaut Monnet (born 2 February 1982) is a Swiss professional ice hockey right wing.	Thibaut Monnet	ice hockey
sport	Carlo Caione (born L'Aquila, 18 February 1973) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current sports director.	Carlo Caione	rugby union
sport	The 1994 Virginia Slims of Florida was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Delray Beach Tennis Center in Delray Beach, Florida in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1994 WTA Tour.	1994 Virginia Slims of Florida	tennis
sport	The VLN, properly the Veranstaltergemeinschaft Langstreckenpokal Nürburgring (Association of Nürburgring Endurance Cup Organisers) is an organisation of motorsport clubs of which each hosts one event of a ten-race series held on the Nürburgring Nordschleife, the ``VLN Langstreckenmeisterschaft Nürburgring'' (VLN Endurance Racing Championship Nürburgring).	Veranstaltergemeinschaft Langstreckenpokal Nürburgring	motorsport
sport	Margaret Varner Bloss (born October 4, 1927) is a retired American athlete and professor of physical education from El Paso, Texas who excelled in three distinctly different racket sports: badminton, squash, and tennis.	Margaret Varner Bloss	badminton	squash	tennis
sport	The 1890 Illinois Fighting Illini football team was an American football team that represented the University of Illinois during the 1890 college football season.	1890 Illinois Fighting Illini football team	American football
sport	EV Zug is a professional men's ice hockey team from Zug, Switzerland.	EV Zug	ice hockey
sport	The Greater Manchester Women's Football League is a women's association football league in Greater Manchester, England run by the Manchester FA.	Greater Manchester Women's Football League	association football
sport	Randoald Dessarzin (born 1964) is a Swiss basketball coach and the head coach of the Cote d'Ivoire national basketball team.	Randoald Dessarzin	basketball
sport	The 2000 French Open was a tennis tournament that took place on the outdoor clay courts at the Stade Roland Garros in Paris, France.	2000 French Open	tennis
sport	The 2016 UEFA Futsal Championship, commonly referred to as UEFA Futsal Euro 2016, will be the 10th edition of the UEFA Futsal Championship, the biennial international futsal championship organised by UEFA for the men's national teams of Europe.	UEFA Futsal Euro 2016	futsal
sport	The Australian Cricket Board Team of the Century was a theoretical cricket team selected by the Australian Cricket Board in 2000 as the best team of Australian cricketers in the 20th century.	Australian Cricket Board Team of the Century	cricket
sport	The Togo national under-17 football team represents Togo in association football at this age level.	Togo national under-17 football team	association football
sport	Colin Latimour (born 11 December 1946 in Rangoon) was an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Colin Latimour	association football
sport	Kyle Allen (born March 8, 1996) is an American football quarterback for the Houston Cougars.	Kyle Allen	American football
sport	The Motor Sports Association (MSA, formerly known as RAC MSA), is the governing body of motorsport in the United Kingdom.	Motor Sports Association	motorsport
sport	The 2001 Hopman Cup (also known as the Hyundai Hopman Cup for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis championship won by Switzerland's Martina Hingis and Roger Federer.	2001 Hopman Cup	tennis
sport	Robyn Ebbern (born 2 July 1944) is an Australian former tennis player who was active in the 1960s.	Robyn Ebbern	tennis
sport	The 2003 FIBA Under-19 World Championship was the seventh men's under-19 only, international basketball competition organized by FIBA.	2003 FIBA Under-19 World Championship	basketball
sport	Hans Lindberg (born 1 August 1981) is a Danish handball player, formerly an Icelandic citizen.	Hans Lindberg	handball
sport	The 1964 Australian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor grass courts at the Milton Courts in Brisbane, Australia from 4 January to 13 January.	1964 Australian Championships	tennis
sport	The JCW Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship in Juggalo Championship Wrestling.	JCW Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Afghan Premier League (APL) also known as Roshan Afghan Premier League is Afghanistan's first national association football league.	Afghan Premier League	association football
sport	Sandbach RUFC is a rugby union team based in the Cheshire town of Sandbach.	Sandbach RUFC	rugby union
sport	The Volvo Golf Champions was an annual 72-hole stroke play men's professional golf tournament on the European Tour.	Volvo Golf Champions	golf
sport	The 2012 LPGA Tour was a series of weekly golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world that began in Australia on February 9 and ended November 18 in Florida.	2012 LPGA Tour	golf
sport	Michał Daszek (born 27 June 1992) is a Polish handball player for Wisła Płock and the Polish national team.	Michał Daszek	handball
sport	The 2013 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament was the 30th basketball tournament hosted by the WAC and was held March 12--16, 2013 at the Orleans Arena in Paradise, Nevada.	2013 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	The 1938 World Men's Handball Championship was the first ever team handball World Championship.	1938 World Men's Handball Championship	handball
sport	The World Rugby Pacific Challenge, formerly the IRB Pacific Rugby Cup, is an annual rugby union football tournament held in Oceania since 2006.	World Rugby Pacific Challenge	rugby union
sport	Olivier Keller (born March 20, 1971) is a former Swiss ice hockey player who currently played for several teams in the National League A. He represented the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team in the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, World Championships, and Olympics.	Olivier Keller	ice hockey
sport	Sligo Racecourse is a horse racing venue in Sligo, Ireland which stages both National Hunt and Flat racing.	Sligo Racecourse	horse racing
sport	Founded in 1991, Eno River Rugby, also called the ``Rage,'' is a rugby union club based in Durham, North Carolina.	Eno River Rugby	rugby union
sport	Bjarne Angell (27 April 1888 -- 12 December 1938) was a Norwegian tennis player.	Bjarne Angell	tennis player
sport	The African Volleyball Championship U19 is a sport competition for national teams with players under 19 years, currently held biannually and organized by the African Volleyball Confederation, the Africa volleyball federation.	African Volleyball Championship U19	volleyball
sport	The Senior Open Championship, or simply The Senior Open (and originally known as the Senior British Open) is a professional golf tournament for players aged 50 and over.	Senior Open Championship	golf
sport	The 1916 PGA Championship was the first PGA Championship, which is now considered one of golf's major championships.	1916 PGA Championship	golf
sport	Kevin Bromley (born October 22, 1959) is an American basketball coach, who is currently one of the Assistant Coaches at UC Santa Barbara.	Kevin Bromley	basketball
sport	Joel Scherban (born April 22, 1980) is a Canadian former ice hockey player who is currently the head coach of the CIS Lakehead Thunderwolves men's ice hockey team at Lakehead University, a position he has held since 2009.	Joel Scherban	ice hockey
sport	Kévin Igier (born 4 March 1987) is a professional French ice hockey defenceman who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men's ice hockey team.	Kévin Igier	ice hockey
sport	Ivo Pulga (born 20 June 1964) is an Italian association football coach and former player, who was most recently head coach of Cagliari in the Serie A.	Ivo Pulga	association football
sport	The LPGA Tour Championship, in full the LPGA Tour Championship Presented by Rolex, was the season-ending women's professional golf tournament on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour.	LPGA Tour Championship	golf
sport	Arundel Cricket Club are a cricket club in the town of Arundel in West Sussex, England, which was founded in 1704.	Arundel Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Danish Atlas Khan (born 2 January 1994, in Peshawar) is a professional squash player from Pakistan.	Danish Atlas Khan	squash
sport	Eckford of Brooklyn, or simply Eckford, was an American baseball club from 1855 to 1872.	Eckford of Brooklyn	baseball
sport	Matthew James Pini, also known as Matt Pini (born Canberra, 21 March 1969), is an Australian-born Italian naturalized rugby union player.	Matt Pini	rugby union
sport	Aftab Jawaid (also spelled ``Aftab Javed'') is a former squash player from Pakistan, who was one of the game's leading players in the 1960s.	Aftab Jawaid	squash
sport	Frank Menechino (born January 7, 1971) is an American professional baseball infielder and hitting coach.	Frank Menechino	baseball
sport	Jasmina Ilić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јасмина Илић; born April 11, 1985 in Bečej, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian former professional basketball player.	Jasmina Ilić	basketball
sport	The 1995 FIBA Americas Championship for Women, was the third FIBA Americas Championship for Women regional basketball championship held by FIBA Americas, which also served as Americas qualifier for the 1996 Summer Olympics, granting berths to the champion and runner-up.	1995 FIBA Americas Championship for Women	basketball
sport	Nikolai Lemtyugov (born January 15, 1986 in Miass, Russia) is a Russian ice hockey player currently playing in Russia for Avangard Omsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Nikolai Lemtyugov	ice hockey
sport	Ryan Davenport is a Canadian skeleton racer who competed from 1993 to 1999.	Ryan Davenport	skeleton
sport	The San Francisco Bulls were a professional minor ice hockey team of the ECHL located in Daly City, California, serving the San Francisco Bay Area market.	San Francisco Bulls	ice hockey
sport	Newcastle KB United are a defunct Australian association football (soccer) club.	Newcastle KB United	association football
sport	The 2013 Golden Spin of Zagreb (Croatian: Zlatna pirueta Zagreba) is a senior international figure skating competition in the 2013--2014 season.	2013 Golden Spin of Zagreb	figure skating
sport	Bernard Cafferty (born 27 June 1934 in Blackburn, Lancashire) is an English chess master, columnist, writer, magazine editor and translator.	Bernard Cafferty	chess
sport	Jim Usevitch is an American former professional basketball player.	Jim Usevitch	basketball
sport	Olga Kuziukova (born September 27, 1985) is a Russian cross-country skiing.	Olga Kuziukova	cross-country skiing
sport	Branko Milisavljević (born July 21, 1976) is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for Les Lions de Genève in Switzerland.	Branko Milisavljević	basketball
sport	Lemvig-Thyborøn Håndbold is a handball team from Lemvig, Denmark.	Lemvig-Thyborøn Håndbold	handball
sport	Dwayne Haare (born 9 June 1980) is a New Zealand professional rugby union player.	Dwayne Haare	rugby union
sport	Luján Rugby Club is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club based in the city of Luján, Buenos Aires Province.	Luján Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	Henry Ernest Atkins (20 August 1872 -- 31 January 1955) was a British chess master who is best known for his unparalleled record of winning the British Chess Championship nine times in eleven attempts.	Henry Ernest Atkins	chess
sport	Montluçon Rugby is a French rugby union team, from the city of Montluçon.	Montluçon Rugby	rugby union
sport	Natsumi Fujita (藤田 夏未 Fujita Natsumi, born August 5, 1991) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toyota Auto Body Queenseis.	Natsumi Fujita	volleyball
sport	Siniša Avramovski (born September 2, 1983) is a Macedonian professional basketball Center who currently plays for Elektra Šoštanj.	Siniša Avramovski	basketball
sport	Rugby Europe is the administrative body for rugby union in Europe.	Rugby Europe	rugby union
sport	The WNBA draft is an annual draft held by the WNBA through which WNBA teams can select new players from a talent pool of college and professional women's basketball players.	WNBA draft	basketball
sport	Ryan Trebon (b. March 5, 1981, Loma Linda, California) is an American bicycle racer specializing in cyclo-cross and mountain bike racing, currently on the Cannondale Cyclocross World Team.	Ryan Trebon	cyclo-cross
sport	Anton Shoutvin (Hebrew: אנטון שטובין‎; born January 25, 1989) is an Israeli professional basketball player who currently plays for Maccabi Haifa of the Israeli Basketball Premier League.	Anton Shoutvin	basketball
sport	Yu Yangyi (Chinese: 余泱漪; born 8 June 1994) is a Chinese chess grandmaster.	Yu Yangyi	chess
sport	Velimir Radinović (born January 17, 1981 in Oakville, Ontario, Canada) is a Serbian-Canadian professional basketball player.	Velimir Radinović	basketball
sport	The 2008 Open Sabadell Atlántico Barcelona (also known traditionally as the Torneo Godó) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2008 Open Sabadell Atlántico Barcelona	tennis
sport	The All India Football Federation (AIFF) is the organisation which manages the game of association football in India.	All India Football Federation	association football
sport	The Imperials Football Club was an Australian rules football club based in Fremantle, Western Australia.	Imperials Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Raviv Limonad (Hebrew: רביב לימונד‎; born 26 August 1984) is an Israeli professional basketball player currently playing for Hapoel Tel Aviv.	Raviv Limonad	basketball
sport	Eray Atalı (born November 5, 1989 in İzmit) is a Turkish ice hockey player.	Eray Atalı	ice hockey
sport	SG Nordring Berlin is a German association football club based in the capital city of Berlin.	Nordring Berlin	association football
sport	Dean Malkoc (born January 26, 1970) is a retired professional ice hockey player who spent four seasons in the National Hockey League between 1995 and 1999.	Dean Malkoc	ice hockey
sport	Andrea Strnadová is a retired tennis player from the Czech Republic born on 28 May 1972.	Andrea Strnadová	tennis
sport	The Dallas Mavericks (often referred to as the Mavs) are an American professional basketball team based in Dallas, Texas.	Dallas Mavericks	basketball
sport	Alain Vigneault (born May 14, 1961) is a Canadian professional ice hockey head coach with the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Alain Vigneault	ice hockey
sport	Chess Life is advertized as the ``most widely read chess magazine in the world,'' and reaches more than a quarter of a million readers each month.	Chess Life	chess
sport	Karl Zenger won the title of German Champion in men's figure skating twice, in 1897 and again in 1905.	Karl Zenger	figure skating
sport	Joe Montana Football is an American football video game featuring Joe Montana, released in 1991.	Joe Montana Football	American football
sport	Liverpool Buccaneers Rugby League Football Club are an amateur rugby league club from West Derby in Liverpool.	Liverpool Buccaneers	rugby league
sport	The Algodoneros de Guasave (English: Guasave Cotton Growers) was a Mexican baseball team in the Liga Mexicana del Pacífico (English: Mexican Pacific League).	Algodoneros de Guasave	baseball
sport	Jackson Anderson (born October 5, 1989) is former American football long snapper.	Jackson Anderson	American football
sport	Marinos de Anzoátegui is a professional basketball club based in the port city of Puerto la Cruz, located in the Venezuelan Anzoátegui State.	Marinos de Anzoátegui	basketball
sport	Anthony Floch (born 12 February 1983 in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme) is a French rugby union player, who normally plays at fullback.	Anthony Floch	rugby union
sport	Gamal Awad (9 August 1955 -- 6 November 2004) was a squash player from Egypt.	Gamal Awad	squash
sport	The Memphis Southmen were an American football franchise in the World Football League (WFL), which operated in 1974 and 1975.	Memphis Southmen	American football
sport	Mikhail Ulibin (Russian: Михаил Улыбин; born 31 May 1971) is a Russian chess grandmaster (1991) and silver medalist in the World Junior Chess Championship of 1991.	Mikhail Ulibin	chess
sport	The Hampton Gulls were a professional ice hockey team based in Hampton, Virginia and were a farm team for the Cincinnati Stingers of the WHA.	Hampton Gulls	ice hockey
sport	Kim Lykkeskov (born 3 August 1983 in Vojens) is a Danish professional ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Denmark National men's ice hockey team.	Kim Lykkeskov	ice hockey
sport	Robert Nkemdiche (/kɪmˈdiːtʃi/ kim-DEECH-ee; born September 19, 1994) is an American football defensive end.	Robert Nkemdiche	American football
sport	Mehrullah Lassi joined the Karachi Port Trust boxing club in 1995.	Mehrullah Lassi	boxing
sport	The Balmain Tigers (also known as the Sydney Tigers from 1995--96) are a rugby league football club based in the inner-western Sydney suburb of Balmain.	Balmain Tigers	rugby league
sport	The 2003 Adidas International was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the NSW Tennis Centre in Sydney in Australia that was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier II of the 2003 WTA Tour.	2003 Adidas International	tennis
sport	The 2013 Brasil Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor clay courts.	2013 Brasil Open	tennis
sport	Renée Richards (born August 19, 1934) is an American ophthalmologist, author and former professional tennis player.	Renée Richards	tennis
sport	The 2009 Ashes series was that year's edition of the long-standing and storied cricket rivalry between England and Australia, and was part of the Australian cricket tour of England in 2009.	2009 Ashes series	cricket
sport	L'Aquila Rugby 1936 are an Italian rugby union club currently competing in National Championship of Excellence.	L'Aquila Rugby	rugby union
sport	Kamar Burke (born August 25, 1986) is a retired Canadian professional basketball player and the founder and head trainer of Developing Individual Peak Performance Basketball (DiPP).	Kamar Burke	basketball
sport	VK Primorac Kotor is a water polo club in Kotor, Montenegro.	VK Primorac Kotor	water polo
sport	Justin Rutty (born July 6, 1989) is an American basketball player, currently with JSA Bordeaux in France.	Justin Rutty	basketball
sport	The International Women's Club Championship (IWCC), previously named the mobcast Cup and now the Nestlé Cup for sponsorship reasons, is an international association football (single-elimination tournament	International Women's Club Championship	association football
sport	Anna Jurczyńska (4 May 1926 -- 19 October 2009), was a Polish chess player who five times won the Polish Women's Chess Championship.	Anna Jurczyńska	chess
sport	Bisons Loimaa is a Finnish professional basketball club that is based in Loimaa.	Bisons Loimaa	basketball
sport	The Great Britain Davis Cup team represents the island of Great Britain in Davis Cup tennis competition and is controlled by the Lawn Tennis Association.	Great Britain Davis Cup team	tennis
sport	Thijs de Greeff (born 28 February 1982, Amsterdam) is a Dutch field hockey player, who made his debut for the Men's National Team in 2005.	Thijs de Greeff	field hockey
sport	Piet Roozenburg (24 October 1924 in Rotterdam -- 27 April 2003 in Ochten) was a draughts player from the Netherlands.	Piet Roozenburg	draughts
sport	Rauman Pallo was a sports club established in 1949 from Rauma, Finland, playing football, bandy and ice hockey.	Rauman Pallo	bandy
sport	The Cornwall Colts are a Canadian junior ice hockey team from Cornwall, Ontario, Canada.	Cornwall Colts	ice hockey
sport	The Victoria Titans were an Australian basketball team, that played in Melbourne, in the National Basketball League.	Victoria Titans	basketball
sport	Luka Lapornik (born October 24, 1988 in Celje, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian professional basketball player, and currently plays for Krka Novo mesto in Telamach League.	Luka Lapornik	basketball
sport	The 1970 Air Canada Silver Broom, the men's world curling championship, was held at the Utica Memorial Auditorium in Utica, New York, United States.	1970 Air Canada Silver Broom	curling
sport	The Swatch FIVB World Tour 2012 is an international beach volleyball competition.	Swatch FIVB World Tour 2012	beach volleyball
sport	Miran Tepeš (born 25 April 1961) is a Slovenian former ski jumper and current ski jumping official who competed for the former Yugoslavia from 1979 to 1992.	Miran Tepeš	ski jumping
sport	Interleague play in Major League Baseball refers to regular-season baseball games played between an American League (AL) team and a National League (NL) team.	Interleague play	baseball
sport	The Vancouver Nats were a junior ice hockey team based in Vancouver, British Columbia that played two seasons in the Western Canada Hockey League from 1971--73.	Vancouver Nats	ice hockey
sport	The 1959 FIBA World Championship was an international basketball competition hosted by Chile from January 16 to 31, 1959.	1959 FIBA World Championship	basketball
sport	The Challenge Provincia di Varese was a golf tournament on the Challenge Tour that is played at the Golf Club Varese in Luvinate, Italy.	Challenge Provincia di Varese	golf
sport	Lauren Gibbemeyer (born September 8, 1988) is an American indoor volleyball player of VBC Pallavolo Rosa SSDRL in Italy.	Lauren Gibbemeyer	volleyball
sport	Giannoulis Larentzakis (Greek: Γιαννούλης Λαρεντζάκης; born September 22, 1993) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Giannoulis Larentzakis	basketball
sport	The 2006 SAP Open was a men's tennis tournament held in San Jose, USA that was part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour.	2006 SAP Open	tennis
sport	The World Karate Federation (WKF) is the largest international governing body of sport karate with over 130 member countries.	World Karate Federation	karate
sport	Aalborg Chang is a Danish amateur association football club based in the town of Aalborg.	Aalborg Chang	association football
sport	Milica Mandić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милица Мандић, born December 6, 1991 in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian taekwondo athlete and the reigning Olympic champion in the +67 kg category.	Milica Mandić	taekwondo
sport	KK Sutjeska is a professional basketball club from Nikšić, Montenegro.	KK Sutjeska	basketball
sport	Georgios Papapetrou (alternate spelling: Giorgos) (Greek: Γιώργος Παπαπέτρου; born November 23, 1991 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Georgios Papapetrou	basketball
sport	Lidija Horvat (born 5 May 1982) is a Croatian handball player, who currently plays for the Turkish club Zağnos SK and for the Croatia women's national handball team.	Lidija Horvat	handball
sport	Kenny Dennard (October 18, 1958) is a retired American professional basketball player who competed in the NBA for three seasons.	Kenny Dennard	basketball
sport	The Portland Fire was a professional basketball team in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) based in Portland, Oregon that joined the league in 2000 as the counterpart to the NBA team the Portland Trail Blazers.	Portland Fire	basketball
sport	Jyrki Aho (born July 14, 1974) is a Finnish former ice hockey defenceman and the current head coach for the Espoo Blues of the Finnish Liiga.	Jyrki Aho	ice hockey
sport	The World Cricket Classic was a Twenty20 cricket tournament which took place in Bermuda during April 2006.	World Cricket Classic	cricket
sport	The Eastern Hockey League was a minor professional United States ice hockey league.	Eastern Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	The Uzbekistan national football team represents Uzbekistan in association football and is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation, the governing body for football in Uzbekistan.	Uzbekistan national football team	association football
sport	MLB.com is a source of baseball-related information, including baseball news, statistics, and sports columns.	MLB.com	baseball
sport	Kim Perrot (January 18, 1967 -- August 19, 1999), was an American basketball player.	Kim Perrot	basketball
sport	Alfio Molina (born April 20, 1948 in Switzerland) is a former Swiss ice hockey player who played for HC Lugano at National League A. He also represented the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team at the 1972 and 1976 Olympics.	Alfio Molina	ice hockey
sport	The Guelph Storm are a major junior ice hockey team based in Guelph, Ontario.	Guelph Storm	ice hockey
sport	The European Short Course Swimming Championships (or ``Short Course Europeans'' or ``European 25m Championships'') are an annual swimming meet, organized by LEN.	European Short Course Swimming Championships	swimming
sport	Courtney Meredith (born 23 September 1926) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Neath.	Courtney Meredith	rugby union
sport	Haoua Kessely (born February 2, 1988 in Mantes-la-Jolie, France) is a French athlete who specialises in the triple jump.	Haoua Kessely	triple jump
sport	The Elancourt Templiers are a French American football team based in the city of Élancourt The team plays in Ligue Élite de Football Américain and in European Football League.	Elancourt Templiers	American football
sport	The EHF Cup Winners' Cup was the official competition for men's and women's handball clubs of Europe that won their national cup, and took place every year.	EHF Cup Winners' Cup	handball
sport	Hrvoje Perić (born October 25, 1985) is a Croatian professional basketball player who plays for Reyer Venezia Mestre of the Italian Serie A as a Power forward.	Hrvoje Perić	basketball
sport	Josef Adolf (May 14, 1898 -- 1951) was a Czech Nordic combined skier who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920s.	Josef Adolf	Nordic combined
sport	Paula Medina (born 12 April 1989) is a Colombian table tennis player.	Paula Medina	table tennis
sport	The 2011 Coupe Internationale de Nice (English: 2011 International Cup of Nice) was an international figure skating competition in the 2011--12 season.	2011 Coupe Internationale de Nice	figure skating
sport	The Women's Baseball World Series is a now defunct international tournament in which originally national women's baseball teams from around the world competed before being overtaken by the Women's Baseball World Cup in 2004.	Women's Baseball World Series	baseball
sport	Fatima Moreira de Melo, LL.M. (born 4 July 1978 in Rotterdam, South Holland) is a former Dutch field hockey player of Portuguese descent.	Fatima Moreira de Melo	field hockey
sport	The Western Australia Rugby Union (RugbyWA) is the governing body of rugby union in Western Australia, it was founded in 1893 and the inaugural 4 team competition commenced in 1895 with the I Zingari, Fremantle, Swans and Midland Junction Club's taking part.	RugbyWA	rugby union
sport	Kleon Penn (born September 1, 1986) is a British Virgin Islander-Puerto Rican professional basketball player for Trotamundos de Carabobo of the Venezuelan Liga Profesional de Baloncesto (LPB).	Kleon Penn	basketball
sport	Nässjö IF, full name Nässjö Idrottsförening, is a sports club in Nässjö, Sweden, mostly active with playing bandy.	Nässjö IF	bandy
sport	Bruno Hirata Kaimoti (born March 13, 1988) is a Brazilian baseball catcher.	Bruno Hirata	baseball
sport	Nemanja Krstić (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Крстић, born March 2, 1993) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Igokea of the Bosnian League and the Adriatic League.	Nemanja Krstić	basketball
sport	Vladimir Galuzin (born August 6, 1988) is a professional ice hockey player.	Vladimir Galuzin	ice hockey
sport	Damian Cronin (b. 17 April 1963, Wegberg, Germany) is a former Scotland rugby union rugby player who represented London Scottish FC.	Damian Cronin	rugby union
sport	Sébastien Jasaron (born July 25, 1978 in Paris) is a French basketball player who played 6 games for French Pro A league club Brest during the 2005-2006 season	Sébastien Jasaron	basketball
sport	Sandra Whyte-Sweeney (born August 24, 1970) is an American ice hockey player who was born on August 24, 1970.	Sandra Whyte-Sweeney	ice hockey
sport	Pierre-Marc Bouchard (born April 27, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently signed with EV Zug of the National League A (NLA).	Pierre-Marc Bouchard	ice hockey
sport	Simone Santi (born May 24, 1966) is an Italian volleyball referee.	Simone Santi	volleyball
sport	Jean Bernier (born July 21, 1954) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 260 games in the World Hockey Association.	Jean Bernier	ice hockey
sport	The Paraguayan Basketball Federation (in Spanish: Confederación Paraguaya de Básquetbol) is the governing body of basketball in Paraguay.	Paraguayan Basketball Federation	basketball
sport	Immacolata Sirressi or for short Imma Sirressi (Santeramo in Colle, 19 May 1990) is an Italian volleyball player.	Immacolata Sirressi	volleyball
sport	Māris Jass (born January 18, 1985) is a Latvian professional ice hockey forward, currently playing for the Austrian Hockey League club Orli Znojmo and very currently in Dinamo Riga.	Māris Jass	ice hockey
sport	The Philadelphia Open Championship is an annual golf tournament played in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area.	Philadelphia Open Championship	golf
sport	WBC CSKA Moscow was a Russian women's basketball team from Moscow.	WBC CSKA Moscow	basketball
sport	North Down Cricket Club is an Irish cricket club based in Comber, County Down, Northern Ireland, playing in the NCU Premier League.	North Down Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Yang Fen (born July 31, 1982 in Hubei, China) is a Congolese table tennis player of Chinese origin.	Yang Fen	table tennis
sport	James A. Leonard (November 6, 1841 Ireland -- September 26, 1862 Annapolis, Maryland) was a young American chess master, who grew up as a son of poor Irish immigrants in New York City.	James A. Leonard	chess
sport	Jean Barthe (born 22 July 1932 in Lourdes), was a French rugby league and rugby union player.	Jean Barthe	rugby union
sport	Tomáš Kubalík (born May 1, 1990) is a Czech professional ice hockey forward who currently under contract to ERC Ingolstadt in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Tomáš Kubalík	ice hockey
sport	The Mitre 10 Cup (colloquially referred to as ``National Provincial Championship'' or ``NPC'') is the highest level of New Zealand domestic professional rugby union competition, contested annually from late August to early November and managed by the New Zealand Rugby Union (NZRU).	Mitre 10 Cup	rugby union
sport	Hannu Aravirta (born 26 March 1953 in Savonlinna) is a Finnish ice hockey player and an ice hockey coach for the Finnish national men's team, SM-liiga and Elitserien.	Hannu Aravirta	ice hockey
sport	The 2005 Open Gaz de France was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Stade Pierre de Coubertin in Paris in France that was part of Tier II of the 2005 WTA Tour.	2005 Open Gaz de France	tennis
sport	Francesco Zucchetti (14 April 1902 -- 8 February 1980) was an Italian racing cyclist and olympic champion in track cycling.	Francesco Zucchetti	track cycling
sport	The FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship for Women was a basketball competition in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Africa zone.	FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship for Women	basketball
sport	Eastern European Hockey League (EEHL) was a regional ice hockey league which existed from 1995 to 2004.	Eastern European Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Janko Tipsarević (Serbian Cyrillic: Јанко Типсаревић, Serbian pronunciation: (jâːŋkɔ tipsǎːrɛʋit͡ɕ); born 22 June 1984) is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked inside the top 400 (No. 392, as of September 2015).	Janko Tipsarević	tennis
taxon rank	Thismia americana, the banded trinity, was a species of flowering plant that was described and published as living in wetlands surrounding Chicago's Lake Calumet in the 1910s.	Thismia americana	species
taxon rank	Anabas cobojius, the Gangetic koi (Bengali: কই মাছ), is a species of climbing gourami native to India and Bangladesh, where it occurs in many types of standing water bodies.	Anabas cobojius	species
taxon rank	Vitis yunnanensis (known locally as yun nan pu tao, meaning Yunnan grape) is a species of liana in the grape family native to the Chinese province of Yunnan (in Jingdong Yi Autonomous County and Jinghong).	Vitis yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Suillus variegatus, commonly called the velvet bolete or variegated bolete, is a species of edible mushroom in the genus Suillus.	Suillus variegatus	species
taxon rank	Glischropus is a genus of bats within the vesper bat family, Vespertilionidae.	Glischropus	genus
taxon rank	The Batrachedridae are a small family of moths.	Batrachedridae	family
taxon rank	Collema tenax is a species of lichen known by the common names jelly lichen, black lichen, and desert lichen.	Collema tenax	species
taxon rank	Nicetosoma is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from eastern Sundaland, from Sulawesi to New Guinea.	Nicetosoma	genus
taxon rank	Panagrius hystrix is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Panagrius.	Panagrius	species
taxon rank	Derwentiinae is a subfamily of rhytidosteid temnospondyls from the Permian and Triassic periods of Australia and India.	Derwentiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Ivesia gordonii is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Gordon's mousetail.	Ivesia gordonii	species
taxon rank	Brevicellicium olivascens is a species of corticioid fungus in the family Hydnodontaceae.	Brevicellicium olivascens	species
taxon rank	Glossophaga is a genus of bats in the leaf-nosed bat family, Phyllostomidae.	Glossophaga	genus
taxon rank	Uechtritzia is a genus of Eurasian flowering plants in the daisy family.	Uechtritzia	genus
taxon rank	Dorcadion pusillum is a species of longhorn beetle of the Lamiinae subfamily.	Dorcadion pusillum	species
taxon rank	Occidentarius platypogon, commonly known as the cominate sea-catfish, is a species of sea catfish found in marine and brackish waters along the Pacific coast from Mexico to Peru.	Occidentarius platypogon	species
taxon rank	Tegula rugosa, common name the rough top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.	Tegula rugosa	species
taxon rank	Homoloidea is a superfamily of dromiacean crabs.	Homoloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	The Texas spiny softshell turtle (Apalone spinifera emoryi ) is a subspecies of softshell turtle native to the southwestern United States.	Texas spiny softshell turtle	subspecies
taxon rank	Pachycereus pringlei, also known as Mexican giant cardon or elephant cactus, is a species of cactus native to northwestern Mexico in the states of Baja California, Baja California Sur, and Sonora.	Pachycereus pringlei	species
taxon rank	Scutiger gongshanensis is a species of toad found in Yunnan, China.	Scutiger gongshanensis	species
taxon rank	Odontamblyopus tenuis is a species of eel goby native to fresh, brackish and marine coastal waters from Pakistan and Myanmar.	Odontamblyopus tenuis	species
taxon rank	Vorticella is a genus of protozoa, with over 16 known species.	Vorticella	genus
taxon rank	Acartia tonsa is a species of marine copepod in the family Acartiidae.	Acartia tonsa	species
taxon rank	Amoria hunteri, common name Hunter's marbled volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Amoria hunteri	species
taxon rank	Liarea aupouria aupouria is a subspecies of land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Liareinae.	Liarea aupouria aupouria	subspecies
taxon rank	Chamberlain's dwarf salamander (Eurycea chamberlaini) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the United States.	Chamberlain's dwarf salamander	species
taxon rank	Phalacronotus apogon is a species of catfish of the genus Phalacronotus found in Southeast Asia.	Phalacronotus apogon	species
taxon rank	Penicillium desertorum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from desert soil under the plant Oryzopsis hymenoides in Wyoming in the US.	Penicillium desertorum	species
taxon rank	Thaumatodon multilamellata was a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Thaumatodon multilamellata	species
taxon rank	Nanorana maculosa (common names: spotted paa frog, Piebald spiny frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana maculosa	species
taxon rank	Chloris cubensis is a species of grass native to the islands of the Caribbean.	Chloris cubensis	species
taxon rank	Dicranurus (``Twin head-tail'') is a genus of Lower Devonian odontopleurid trilobites that lived in a shallow sea that lay between Euramerica and Gondwana, corresponding to modern-day Oklahoma and Morocco, respectively.	Dicranurus	genus
taxon rank	Crestfishes, family Lophotidae, are lampriform fishes found in most oceans.	Crestfish	family
taxon rank	Nebria punctatostiata is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Portugal and Spain.	Nebria punctatostiata	species
taxon rank	Alnus maritima (also called Seaside Alder) is a species of plant in the Betulaceae family.	Alnus maritima	species
taxon rank	Bittium laevicordatum is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiidae, the cerithiids.	Bittium laevicordatum	species
taxon rank	Gnaphosa orchymonti is a ground spider species found in Macedonia.	Gnaphosa orchymonti	species
taxon rank	Clarkia cylindrica is species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name speckled fairyfan, or speckled clarkia.	Clarkia cylindrica	species
taxon rank	Cuapetes agag is a species of shrimp found in New Caledonia, Melanesia, Queensland, and the Red Sea.	Cuapetes agag	species
taxon rank	Terminalia schimperiana is a species of Terminalia, native to tropical Africa from Guinea and Sierra Leone east to Uganda and Ethiopia.	Terminalia schimperiana	species
taxon rank	Corbicula fluminalis is a species of freshwater clam, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Corbiculidae.	Corbicula fluminalis	species
taxon rank	The Veneroida or veneroids are an order of mostly saltwater but also some freshwater bivalve molluscs.	Veneroida	order
taxon rank	The cosman's Murex (Chicoreus cosmani) is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Chicoreus cosmani	species
taxon rank	Lasiommata schakra, the common wall, is a species of satyrine butterfly found in South Asia.	Lasiommata schakra	species
taxon rank	Pelmatochromis is a small genus of fishes in the cichlid family.	Pelmatochromis	genus
taxon rank	Phacelia greenei is a species of phacelia known by the common name Scott Valley phacelia.	Phacelia greenei	species
taxon rank	Myrsine knudsenii, the Kokee colicwood, is a species of tree in the primrose family.	Myrsine knudsenii	species
taxon rank	The Central American jaguar was proposed as a subspecies of jaguar, native to the South American country of Colombia, and Central America, with the taxonomic name Panthera onca centralis (Mearns, 1901).	Central American jaguar	subspecies
taxon rank	Calyptrogyne is a genus in the palm family (Arecaceae).	Calyptrogyne	genus
taxon rank	Mitra picta, common name the brown mitre, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters or miter snails.	Mitra picta	species
taxon rank	Placerias (meaning broad body) is an extinct genus of dicynodonts that lived during the late Carnian age of the Triassic Period (221-210 million years ago).	Placerias	genus
taxon rank	Hyparrhenia rufa is a species of grass known by the common names jaragua, jaragua grass, and giant thatching grass.	Hyparrhenia rufa	species
taxon rank	The greater Cunonia genus has a disjunct natural distribution, with 24 species occurring only on the island of New Caledonia in the Pacific, and a single species (Cunonia capensis) in Southern Africa.	Cunonia capensis	species
taxon rank	Ellipsocephalus is an extinct genus of blind trilobite that lived during the Cambrian.	Ellipsocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Sibaropsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the mustard family containing the single species Sibaropsis hammittii, which is known by the common name Hammitt's clay-cress.	Sibaropsis	species
taxon rank	Ocotea porosa is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family, often placed in the related genus Phoebe.	Ocotea porosa	species
taxon rank	Plesiothyreus rushii is a species of very small sea snail, a limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phenacolepadidae.	Plesiothyreus rushii	species
taxon rank	Heterometrus cyaneus, the Asian Blue Forest Scorpion, is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Scorpionidae.	Heterometrus cyaneus	species
taxon rank	Lophospermum is a genus of herbaceous perennial climbers or scramblers, native to mountainous regions of Mexico and Guatemala.	Lophospermum	genus
taxon rank	Tampichthys dichromus, the Bicolor minnow, is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Mexico.	Tampichthys dichromus	species
taxon rank	Chrysomantis centralis is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Congo River region.	Chrysomantis centralis	species
taxon rank	Tripsacum floridanum is a species of grass known by the common name Florida gamagrass.	Tripsacum floridanum	species
taxon rank	Granulifusus vermeiji is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae (common name the ``tulip snails and spindle snails'' and their allies).	Granulifusus vermeiji	species
taxon rank	Penicillium pullum is a species of the genus of Penicillium.	Penicillium pullum	species
taxon rank	Danaea kalevala is a species of fern belonging to the family Marattiaceae.	Danaea kalevala	species
taxon rank	Bosmina is a genus in the order Cladocera, the water fleas.	Bosmina	genus
taxon rank	Homalictus paradnanus, also known as Lasioglossum (Homalictus) paradnanus, is a species of bees in the genus Homalictus, of the family Halictidae.	Homalictus paradnanus	species
taxon rank	Muschampia is a Palearctic genus of spread-winged skipper in the family Hesperiidae.	Muschampia	genus
taxon rank	Chilocorus similis is a species of red-spotted lady beetles belonging to the family Coccinellidae, subfamily Chilocorinae.	Chilocorus similis	species
taxon rank	Galiteuthis glacialis is a species of glass squid from the Antarctic Convergence.	Galiteuthis glacialis	species
taxon rank	Coelophysis (/ˌsɛloʊˈfaɪsᵻs, ˌsiː-/; pron.:SEL-oh-FY-sis or SEE-low-FY-sis) is an extinct genus of coelophysid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 203 to 196 million years ago during the latter part of the Triassic Period in what is now the southwestern United States.	Coelophysis	genus
taxon rank	Boophone is a genus of herbaceous, perennial and bulbous plants in the Amaryllis family (Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Amaryllidoideae.)	Boophone	genus
taxon rank	Henipavirus is a genus of RNA viruses in the family Paramyxoviridae, order Mononegavirales containing three established species:	Henipavirus	genus
taxon rank	Afurcagobius is a small genus of gobies endemic to Australia.	Afurcagobius	genus
taxon rank	Bigelowia nudata (pineland rayless goldenrod) is a species of North American flowering plants in the daisy family, native to the coastal plain of the southeastern United States (from eastern Louisiana to North Carolina).	Bigelowia nudata	species
taxon rank	Sinopoda okinawana is a species of huntsman spider found in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan.	Sinopoda okinawana	species
taxon rank	The Syrian camel, Camelus moreli, is an extinct species of camel from Syria.	Syrian camel	species
taxon rank	Liocarcinus depurator, sometimes called the harbour crab or sandy swimming crab, is a species of crab found in the North Sea, Atlantic Ocean, Mediterranean Sea, and Black Sea.	Liocarcinus depurator	species
taxon rank	Moscharia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family native to South America.	Moscharia	genus
taxon rank	Tanakia is a genus of cyprinid fish, consisting of five species that occurs in Eastern Asia.	Tanakia	genus
taxon rank	Panicum sumatrense, known as little millet, is a species of millet in the family Poaceae.	Panicum sumatrense	species
taxon rank	Afgekia is a small genus of large perennial climbing shrubs native to Asia, reminiscent of the related genus Wisteria.	Afgekia	genus
taxon rank	Cellana radiata (common name: the rayed wheel limpet), is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nacellidae,	Cellana radiata	species
taxon rank	Sabal mexicana is a species of palm tree that is native to North America.	Sabal mexicana	species
taxon rank	Xyris caroliniana, the Carolina yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris caroliniana	species
taxon rank	Pseudocyon is a genus of bear dog carnivoran which inhabited Eurasia and North America during the Miocene epoch living approximately 5.3 million years.	Pseudocyon	genus
taxon rank	Chamaescilla is a genus of Australian herbs in the Lomandra subfamily within the asparagus family, They have grass-like basal leaves and tuberous roots.	Chamaescilla	genus
taxon rank	Psilocarphus brevissimus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names short woollyheads, woolly marbles, and woolly heads.	Psilocarphus brevissimus	species
taxon rank	Bromuniola is a genus of Central African plants in the grass family.	Bromuniola	genus
taxon rank	Codakia orbicularis, or the tiger lucine, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae.	Codakia orbicularis	species
taxon rank	Pycnanthemum curvipes is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name stone mountainmint.	Pycnanthemum curvipes	species
taxon rank	Alloblennius pictus is a species of combtooth blenny (family Blenniidae).	Alloblennius pictus	species
taxon rank	The ʻOlaʻa Peppered Looper Moth (Tritocleis microphylla) was a moth species of the family Geometridae.	Tritocleis microphylla	species
taxon rank	Brickellia nevinii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Nevin's brickellbush.	Brickellia nevinii	species
taxon rank	Dinodontosaurus (meaning ``terrible-toothed lizard'') is a genus of dicynodont therapsid.	Dinodontosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Beishanlong grandis, described and named online in 2009 by a team of Chinese and American paleontologists, and formally published in January 2010 by the same Peter Makovicky, Li Daiqing, Gao Keqin, Matthew Lewin, Gregory Erickson and Mark Norrell.	Beishanlong	species
taxon rank	Koloonella micra, common name the minute pyramid-shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Murchisonellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Koloonella micra	species
taxon rank	Felimare zebra, common name the zebra doris, is a colourful species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	Felimare zebra	species
taxon rank	Meromenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters, shell-less, worm-like, marinemollusks.	Meromenia	genus
taxon rank	Stenogyne kanehoana is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Oahu stenogyne.	Stenogyne kanehoana	species
taxon rank	Streptanthus batrachopus is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Mt.	Streptanthus batrachopus	species
taxon rank	Nebria laticollis laticollis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in France, Italy, and Switzerland.	Nebria laticollis laticollis	subspecies
taxon rank	Akaimia is an extinct genus of carpet sharks which existed in Ogrodzieniec near Zawiercie, southern Poland, during the middle or late Jurassic (Callovian or Oxfordian age).	Akaimia	genus
taxon rank	Cristipocregyes rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cristipocregyes.	Cristipocregyes rondoni	species
taxon rank	Leptosiphon liniflorus is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name narrowflower flaxflower.	Leptosiphon liniflorus	species
taxon rank	Lithoxus bovallii is a species of armored catfish endemic to Guyana where it occurs in stony rivulets in the Ireng River basin.	Lithoxus bovallii	species
taxon rank	Calopteryx aequabilis, the river jewelwing, is a species of broad-winged damselfly.	Calopteryx aequabilis	species
taxon rank	Echinodorus horizontalis is a species plants in the of Alismataceae.	Echinodorus horizontalis	species
taxon rank	Daknopholis is a genus of African and Indian Ocean plants in the grass family.	Daknopholis	genus
taxon rank	Atagema alba, common name the Hunchback Doris, is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.	Atagema alba	species
taxon rank	The Strabomantidae are a family of frogs native to South America.	Strabomantidae	family
taxon rank	Antennablennius australis, the Moustached blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean.	Antennablennius australis	species
taxon rank	This grouping was ignored by most researchers until the late 1990s, when it was used as a subfamily (Polacanthinae) by Kirkland for a natural group recovered by his 1998 analysis suggesting that Polacanthus, Gastonia, and Mymoorapelta were closely related within the family Ankylosauridae.	Polacanthinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Zalophia funebris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Zalophia.	Zalophia	species
taxon rank	Palaquium ravii is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family.	Palaquium ravii	species
taxon rank	Khetranisaurus (meaning ``Khetran lizard'', for the Khetran people of Pakistan) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod from the Late Cretaceous of Balochistan, western Pakistan (also spelled ``Khateranisaurus'' in some early reports).	Khetranisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Its single species, Dryadula phaetusa, known as the banded orange heliconian, banded orange, or orange tiger, is native from Brazil to central Mexico, and in summer can be found rarely as far north as central Florida.	Dryadula phaetusa	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces azureus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has isolated from soil.	Streptomyces azureus	species
taxon rank	Adetomyrma goblin is a species of ant that belongs to the Adetomyrma genus.	Adetomyrma goblin	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron fulgens (猩红杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to Bhutan, northeast India, Nepal, Sikkim, and southern Xizang in China, where it grows at altitudes of 3700--4500 meters.	Rhododendron fulgens	species
taxon rank	Vitakrisaurus is a genus of noasaurid theropod dinosaurs represented by only one known species.	Vitakrisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Babylonia perforata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Babyloniidae..	Babylonia perforata	species
taxon rank	Buddleja pichinchensis is endemic to the southern Cordillera Central of Colombia and the northern and central highlands of Ecuador, where it grows with Escallonia in páramo and subparamo regions at altitudes of 3,300 -- 4,200 m. The species was first named and described by Kunth in 1818.	Buddleja pichinchensis	species
taxon rank	It is the only species classified under the genus Runcaria.	Runcaria	genus
taxon rank	Phlomis chrysophylla (golden-leaved Jerusalem sage) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae , native to south west Asia.	Phlomis chrysophylla	species
taxon rank	Sycophaga is a mainly Afrotropical gall wasp genus of the family Chalcidoidea that live on the section Sycomorus of the monoecious fig subgenus, Sycomorus, and one of several fig wasp genera to exploit its mutualism with Ceratosolen wasps.	Sycophaga	genus
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum victoria-mariae is a species of orchid endemic to western Sumatra (Bukittinggi).	Paphiopedilum victoria-mariae	species
taxon rank	The family Phylliidae (often misspelled Phyllidae) contains the extant true leaf insects or walking leaves, which include some of the most remarkably camouflaged leaf mimics in the entire animal kingdom.	Phylliidae	family
taxon rank	Marsupina bufo, common name the chestnut frog shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae, the frog shells.	Marsupina bufo	species
taxon rank	Spiloprionus sericeomaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Spiloprionus.	Spiloprionus	species
taxon rank	Aciagrion macrootithenae is a species of red algae described by W. R. Taylor.	Aciagrion macrootithenae	species
taxon rank	Parascorpaena picta, the Northern Scorpionfish, is a species of scorpionfish native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Parascorpaena picta	species
taxon rank	Papyridea soleniformis, or the spiny paper cockle, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae.	Papyridea soleniformis	species
taxon rank	Stethacanthus is an extinct genus of shark which lived from the Late Devonian to Early Carboniferous epoch, dying out around 320 million years ago.	Stethacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Paroriaethus multispinis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paroriaethus.	Paroriaethus multispinis	species
taxon rank	Sorbus pseudofennica (also called Arran Service-tree or Arran Cut-leaved Whitebeam) is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family.	Sorbus pseudofennica	species
taxon rank	Niolamia is an extinct genus of South American meiolaniid turtle.	Niolamia	genus
taxon rank	Leptotes unicolor is a species of orchid native to Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay.	Leptotes unicolor	species
taxon rank	Eurhinodelphis (``well-nosed dolphin'') is an extinct genus of Miocene cetacean.	Eurhinodelphis	genus
taxon rank	Eumenidiopsis is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with eight known species.	Eumenidiopsis	genus
taxon rank	At present, this genus is monotypic, as there is only one commonly accepted species in it, Hormonotus modestus, commonly known as the Uganda house snake or yellow forest snake.	Hormonotus	species
taxon rank	Crocus minimus is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae, found in South Corse, Sardegna.	Crocus minimus	species
taxon rank	Hoyasemys (meaning ``turtle of Las Hoyas'') is an extinct genus of basal eucryptodiran freshwater turtle from Lower Cretaceous (upper Barremian stage) deposits of Cuenca Province, Spain.	Hoyasemys	genus
taxon rank	Rhabdodermatidae is a family of prehistoric, coelacanthimorph, lobe-finned fishes which lived during the Carboniferous period (about 359 - 299 million years ago).	Rhabdodermatidae	family
taxon rank	Dasyatis hastata is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae.	Dasyatis hastata	species
taxon rank	Heterotheca subaxillaris, camphorweed, is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family, common name .	Heterotheca subaxillaris	species
taxon rank	Lemna trisulca L. (syn. Staurogeton trisulcus (L.) Schur; star duckweed; ivy-leaved duckweed) is a species of aquatic plants in the genus Lemna (duckweed) with a subcosmopolitan distribution, occurring in quiet freshwater habitats in cool temperate regions.	Lemna trisulca	species
taxon rank	Scutiger maculatus (spotted lazy toad or Piebald alpine toad) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Scutiger maculatus	species
taxon rank	Crocus hyemalis is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae, found from south Lebanon to Israel.	Crocus hyemalis	species
taxon rank	Buprestomorpha montrouzieri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Buprestomorpha.	Buprestomorpha montrouzieri	species
taxon rank	Allium albotunicatum is a plant species found in Israel, Turkey, Syria and Lebanon.	Allium albotunicatum	species
taxon rank	Fenghuangopterus is a genus of basal pterosaur that lived in northeastern China during the Middle Jurassic.	Fenghuangopterus	genus
taxon rank	Excoecaria cochinchinensis (``Chinese croton'', ``Blindness tree'', ``Buta Buta'', ``Jungle Fire plant'') is a species of plant in the genus Excoecaria, which is a member of the family Euphorbiaceae.	Excoecaria cochinchinensis	species
taxon rank	Silene serpentinicola is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name serpentine Indian pink and serpentine catchfly.	Silene serpentinicola	species
taxon rank	Dicerca pugionata is a species of buprestid beetle from the Chrysochroinae subfamily that occurs in the Eastern North America.	Dicerca pugionata	species
taxon rank	Neosprucea sararensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Salicaceae.	Neosprucea sararensis	species
taxon rank	Rosa filipes is a species of rose native to western China, in Gansu, Shaanxi, Sichuan, Xizang, and Yunnan.	Rosa filipes	species
taxon rank	Abralia trigonura is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in the Pacific Ocean in the mesopelagic zone.	Abralia trigonura	species
taxon rank	Wedelia pimana is a plant species in the genus Wedelia in the family Asteraceae.	Wedelia pimana	species
taxon rank	Glaucium (horned poppy) is a genus of about 25 species of annual, biennial or perennial herbaceous flowering plants in the family Papaveraceae, native to Europe, north Africa, and southwest and central Asia.	Glaucium	genus
taxon rank	Opsarius cocsa is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to India.	Opsarius cocsa	species
taxon rank	Anomiidae is a family of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs related to scallops and oysters, and known as anomiids.	Anomiidae	family
taxon rank	Ablepharus is a genus of skinks that contains the common snake-eyed skinks.	Ablepharus	genus
taxon rank	Mertensophryne melanopleura (common names: Kankunde toad, dark-sided toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Mertensophryne melanopleura	species
taxon rank	Gagea flavonutans is an Asian species of plants in the lily family, native to Tibet, Nepal, Sikkim, Bhutan, and Assam.	Gagea flavonutans	species
taxon rank	Laevapex fuscus, the dusky ancylid, is a species of small, freshwater, air-breathing limpet, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Laevapex fuscus	species
taxon rank	Panulirus pascuensis is a species of spiny lobster found around Easter Island and the Pitcairn Islands in the Pacific Ocean.	Panulirus pascuensis	species
taxon rank	Haliotis planata, common name the planate abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis planata	species
taxon rank	Lasiosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Lasiosphaeriaceae.	Lasiosphaeria	genus
taxon rank	Bostrychoplites cornutus is a beetle species in the genus Bostrychoplites.	Bostrychoplites cornutus	species
taxon rank	Glyphodes multilinealis or the Fig-Tiger-Moth is a species of moth of the Crambidae family.	Glyphodes multilinealis	species
taxon rank	Sigapatella superstes is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae.	Sigapatella superstes	species
taxon rank	Larix principis-rupprechtii, the Prince Rupprecht's Larch, is a species of conifer in the genus Larix.	Larix principis-rupprechtii	species
taxon rank	The Adam's Gem, (Libellago adami) is a species of damselfly in the family Chlorocyphidae.	Libellago adami	species
taxon rank	Rudbeckia fulgida, the orange coneflower or perennial coneflower, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to eastern North America.	Rudbeckia fulgida	species
taxon rank	Ciliopagurus caparti is a species of hermit crab native to South East Atlantic.	Ciliopagurus caparti	species
taxon rank	Due its wide variation in leaf shape, there has been a great deal of taxonomic confusion over the years, with many of the leaf variations of Salvia fruticosa being named as distinct species.	Salvia fruticosa	species
taxon rank	Tournefortia obtusiflora is a species of plant in the Boraginaceae family.	Tournefortia obtusiflora	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus micranthus is a flowering plant species in the Ranunculus (buttercup) family known by the common names rock buttercup and small-flowered crowfoot.	Ranunculus micranthus	species
taxon rank	Chlorochrysa is a genus of small colourful tanagers.	Chlorochrysa	genus
taxon rank	Teratodes monticollis, commonly known as the hooded grasshopper, is a species of grasshopper native to India and Sri Lanka.	Teratodes monticollis	species
taxon rank	The Ctenopoda are a suborder of the order Cladocera, comprising the three families Holopediidae, Pseudopenilidae, and Sididae.	Ctenopoda	suborder	order
taxon rank	Brickellia arguta is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name pungent brickellbush.	Brickellia arguta	species
taxon rank	Battaristis concinusella is a species of moth in the Gelechiidae family.	Battaristis concinusella	species
taxon rank	Carex nigricans is a species of sedge known by the common name black alpine sedge.	Carex nigricans	species
taxon rank	Azospira restricta is a species of nitrogen-fixing bacteria.	Azospira restricta	species
taxon rank	Diuris drummondii, commonly known as the Tall Donkey Orchid, is a species of orchid.	Diuris drummondii	species
taxon rank	Lilium pensylvanicum is an Asian species of plants belonging to the family Liliaceae.	Lilium pensylvanicum	species
taxon rank	Passiflora sanguinolenta (common name Blood red passion flower) is a species of passion flower from Ecuador.	Passiflora sanguinolenta	species
taxon rank	Miraglossum is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1984.	Miraglossum	genus
taxon rank	Opuntia pinkavae, common names Bulrush Canyon prickly-pear or Pinkava's pricklypear, is a species of cactus known only from northern Arizona and southern Utah.	Opuntia pinkavae	species
taxon rank	Duroia hirsuta is a myrmecophyte tree species from the Amazon Forest.	Duroia hirsuta	species
taxon rank	Parachaetodon is a genus of butterflyfishes native to the Indo-Pacific region.	Parachaetodon	genus
taxon rank	Poblana is a genus of Neotropical silversides endemic to freshwater habitats in Mexico.	Poblana	genus
taxon rank	Carex alma is a species of sedge known by the common name sturdy sedge.	Carex alma	species
taxon rank	Alebra is a genus of leafhoppers in the subfamily Typhlocybinae.	Alebra	genus
taxon rank	Orodromeus (meaning ``Mountain Runner'') is a genus of herbivorous ornithopod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of North America.	Orodromeus	genus
taxon rank	Halazhaisuchus is an extinct genus of archosauriform from the Early Triassic of China.	Halazhaisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Falsobiobessa fasciculosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsobiobessa.	Falsobiobessa fasciculosa	species
taxon rank	Parasemolea boliviana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parasemolea.	Parasemolea boliviana	species
taxon rank	Axyris amaranthoides is a species of vascular plant, in the family Amaranthaceae, that has been introduced to North America.	Axyris amaranthoides	species
taxon rank	Spirocyclinidae is a family of foraminifera included in the Order Textulariida, Class Rotaliata.	Spirocyclinidae	family
taxon rank	Telestes fontinalis, the Spring pijor, is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Telestes fontinalis	species
taxon rank	The Sunda porcupine (Hystrix javanica) is a species of rodent in the family Hystricidae.	Sunda porcupine	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria persica is a Middle Eastern species of flowering plant in the lily family, native to southern Turkey, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria, Palestine and Israel.	Fritillaria persica	species
taxon rank	Asplenium daucifolium (common name Mauritius Spleenwort) is a species of fern in the Aspleniaceae family, endemic to the Mascarene Islands.	Asplenium daucifolium	species
taxon rank	Sepiella inermis, common name spineless cuttlefish, is an edible species of cuttlefish.	Sepiella inermis	species
taxon rank	Satyrium membranaceum is a species of ground orchid endemic to south and western Cape Province.	Satyrium membranaceum	species
taxon rank	Leptothorax is a large genus of small ants with mainly Holarctic distribution.	Leptothorax	genus
taxon rank	Truong Son muntjac or Annamite muntjac (Muntiacus truongsonensis) is a species of muntjac deer.	Truong Son muntjac	species
taxon rank	Leavenworthia uniflora, called Michaux's gladecress or one-flowered gladecress, is a plant species native to the southeastern and Midwestern parts of the United States.	Leavenworthia uniflora	species
taxon rank	Mimulus pulsiferae is a species of monkeyflower known by the common names candelabrum monkeyflower and Pulsifer's monkeyflower.	Mimulus pulsiferae	species
taxon rank	Phoeniciloricus is a monospecific genus of loriciferan, a phylum of small marine sediment-dwelling animals.	Phoeniciloricus	genus
taxon rank	Maylandia benetos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the southeastern part of the lake from Mazinzi Reef.	Maylandia benetos	species
taxon rank	Salix udensis (syn. S. sachalinensis F.Schmidt) is a species of willow native to northeastern Asia, in eastern Siberia (including Kamchatka), northeastern China, and northern Japan.	Salix udensis	species
taxon rank	Ribes diacanthum is an Asian species of currant.	Ribes diacanthum	species
taxon rank	Dolabrifera brazieri is a species of sea slug or sea hare, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	Dolabrifera brazieri	species
taxon rank	Odontarthria tropica is a species of snout moth in the genus Odontarthria.	Odontarthria tropica	species
taxon rank	Graphium procles is a species of butterfly of the family Papilionidae.	Graphium procles	species
taxon rank	Achnatherum thurberianum is a species of grass known by the common name Thurber's needlegrass.	Achnatherum thurberianum	species
taxon rank	Mycobacterium vaccae is a nonpathogenic species of the Mycobacteriaceae family of bacteria that lives naturally in soil.	Mycobacterium vaccae	species
taxon rank	Nymphargus grandisonae (common name: giant glass frog, red-spotted glassfrog) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.	Nymphargus grandisonae	species
taxon rank	The Guadalcanal moustached kingfisher (Actenoides bougainvillei excelsus) is a species of kingfisher that is endemic to Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands, and is a subspecies of Actenoides bougainvillei.	Guadalcanal moustached kingfisher	subspecies
taxon rank	Nyctibates is a monotypic genus of frog in the Arthroleptidae family; its sole species is Nyctibates corrugatus.	Nyctibates	species
taxon rank	Erythroxylum obtusifolium is a species of plant in the Erythroxylaceae family.	Erythroxylum obtusifolium	species
taxon rank	Lynchius simmonsi (common name: Simmons' big-headed frog) is a frog species in the Craugastoridae family.	Lynchius simmonsi	species
taxon rank	Turrilites costatus is a species of helically coiled ammonoid cephalopod, from the lower part of the Upper Cretaceous (Cenomanian).	Turrilites costatus	species
taxon rank	Mimestola imitatrix is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimestola.	Mimestola imitatrix	species
taxon rank	Membraniporidae is a bryozoan family in the suborder Malacostega.	Membraniporidae	family
taxon rank	Ulmus changii var. changii L. K. Fu is a variety of tree endemic to elevations of 200 m (660 ft) -- 800 m (2,600 ft) in the provinces of Anhui, Fujian, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Sichuan, and Zhejiang.	Ulmus changii var. changii	variety
taxon rank	Abies cilicica, commonly known as Cilician fir or Taurus fir, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Abies cilicica	species
taxon rank	Myadora striata is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Myochamidae.	Myadora striata	species
taxon rank	Spathorhynchus is an extinct genus of amphisbaenians or worm lizards that existed from the Middle Eocene to the Early Oligocene in what is now Wyoming.	Spathorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Coralline algae are red algae in the order Corallinales.	Coralline algae	order
taxon rank	Triops australiensis, sometimes referred to as a shield shrimp, is an Australian species of the tadpole shrimp Triops.	Triops australiensis	species
taxon rank	Rhynchobatus australiae, also called the white-spotted guitarfish or white-spotted wedgefish, is a species of fish in the Rhynchobatidae family.	Rhynchobatus australiae	species
taxon rank	Willungacetus is an extinct genus of primitive baleen whale of the family Aetiocetidae known from the Oligocene of Australia (at Port Willunga, 35.3°S 138.5°E, paleocoordinates 52.9°S 133.7°E).	Willungacetus	genus
taxon rank	Hemigobius hoevenii, commonly known as the banded mulletgoby, is a species of goby.	Hemigobius hoevenii	species
taxon rank	Turtle leeches are a genus, Ozobranchus, of leeches (Hirudinea) that feed exclusively on the blood of turtles.	Turtle leech	genus
taxon rank	Psammphiletria delicata is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of Congo where it is found in Pool Malebo.	Psammphiletria delicata	species
taxon rank	Nebria marginata is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Xinjiang, province of China.	Nebria marginata	species
taxon rank	Mimoscapeuseboides pedongensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimoscapeuseboides.	Mimoscapeuseboides pedongensis	species
taxon rank	Ancistrocheirus lesueurii, the sharpear enope squid, is the only species in the genus Ancistrocheirus and family Ancistrocheiridae.	Ancistrocheirus lesueurii	species
taxon rank	Chaenactis carphoclinia is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name pebble pincushion.	Chaenactis carphoclinia	species
taxon rank	Barbus oligolepis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Turkey where it is only known from fast flowing waters with substrates of stones or pebbles.	Barbus oligolepis	species
taxon rank	Croptilon rigidifolium, called the Stiff-leaf scratchdaisy, is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Croptilon rigidifolium	species
taxon rank	Arescon is a genus of fairyflies.	Arescon	genus
taxon rank	The noctuid (``owlet'') moth genus Cydosia is the only member of the tribe Cydosiini in the Acontiinae subfamily.	Cydosia	genus
taxon rank	Scaphander is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Scaphandridae, the canoe bubbles.	Scaphander	genus
taxon rank	Leporacanthicus galaxias is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil and Venezuela.	Leporacanthicus galaxias	species
taxon rank	Bayerotrochus pyramus, common name the pyramus slit shell, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae, the slit snails.	Bayerotrochus pyramus	species
taxon rank	Bombus eximius is a species of bumblebee that belongs to the subgenus Melanobombus in the simplified subgeneric classification.	Bombus eximius	species
taxon rank	Nebria hybrida is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Bulgaria.	Nebria hybrida	species
taxon rank	Marginella gemmula is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Marginella gemmula	species
taxon rank	Gleditsia caspica (Caspian Locust or Persian Honeylocust) is a species of Gleditsia native to western Asia, in the Caucasus region of Azerbaijan and northern Iran, close to the Caspian Sea.	Gleditsia caspica	species
taxon rank	Plectodonta is an extinct genus of brachiopods which existed during the Devonian to Silurian of the United States, Australia, Canada, China, the Czech Republic, Czechoslovakia, Germany, Kazakhstan, Morocco, Poland, Spain, Ukraine, Argentina, Bolivia, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and Venezuela.	Plectodonta	genus
taxon rank	Zachrysia auricoma is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae or Pleurodontidae.	Zachrysia auricoma	species
taxon rank	Lupinus excubitus is a species of lupine known as the grape soda lupine.	Lupinus excubitus	species
taxon rank	Carychium mariae is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae.	Carychium mariae	species
taxon rank	Cataegis finkli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cataegidae.	Cataegis finkli	species
taxon rank	Exoletuncus lobopus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family that is endemic to Goiás, Brazil.	Exoletuncus lobopus	species
taxon rank	Dictyocaryum is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in South America which is closely related to the Iriartea genus; they are commonly called araque or palma real.	Dictyocaryum	genus
taxon rank	Paphinia herrerae is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Ecuador.	Paphinia herrerae	species
taxon rank	Penicillium pinophilum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from a radio set in Papua New Guinea.	Penicillium pinophilum	species
taxon rank	Caldcluvia paniculata is the only species of the genus Caldcluvia.	Caldcluvia paniculata	species
taxon rank	Procolina is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile known from partial remains found in Early Triassic (Olenekian age) rocks of Czatkowice 1, Poland.	Procolina	genus
taxon rank	Eurybia jonesiae, commonly known as Jones's aster or Almut's wood aster, is a North American species of herbaceous perennial native to the Southeastern United States, primarily in the State of Georgia with a few populations in eastern Alabama.	Eurybia jonesiae	species
taxon rank	Linnaeoxanthus acanthomerus is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Linnaeoxanthus.	Linnaeoxanthus	genus
taxon rank	Libanocaris is an extinct genus of prawn, containing a single species, Libanocaris rogeri.	Libanocaris	genus
taxon rank	Its only described species, Iranattus rectangularis, is only found in Iran.	Iranattus	species
taxon rank	Otholobium pubescens is a plant species in the genus Otholobium.	Otholobium pubescens	species
taxon rank	Isognathus is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.	Isognathus	genus
taxon rank	Austrocochlea rudis, common name the rough periwinkle or the roughened austrocochlea, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Austrocochlea rudis	species
taxon rank	Cistus asper is a shrubby species of flowering plant in the family Cistaceae with purple-pink flowers.	Cistus asper	species
taxon rank	Orbiliomycetes are a class of fungi in the Ascomycota.	Orbiliomycetes	class
taxon rank	The Central American red brocket (Mazama temama) is a species of brocket deer ranging from southern Mexico, through Central America, to northwestern Colombia.	Central American red brocket	species
taxon rank	Rubus glaucifolius is a North American species of wild raspberry known by the common name San Diego raspberry.	Rubus glaucifolius	species
taxon rank	Flavobacterium denitrificans is a species of N2O-producing facultative aerobic bacteria first isolated from the gut of the earthworm Aporrectodea caliginosa.	Flavobacterium denitrificans	species
taxon rank	Areyongalepis (= Areyonga) is a genus of prehistoric jawless fish that lived during the Ordovician period.	Areyongalepis	genus
taxon rank	Conus mozambicus , common name the Mozambique cone or the elongate cone, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails or cone shells.	Conus mozambicus	species
taxon rank	Thermopsis is a genus of legumes, native to temperate North America and east Asia.	Thermopsis	genus
taxon rank	Setaria is a widespread genus of plants in the grass family.	Setaria	genus
taxon rank	Nolina brittoniana is a rare species of flowering plant in the asparagus family known by the common name Britton's beargrass.	Nolina brittoniana	species
taxon rank	The Soutpansberg rock lizard (Vhembelacerta rupicola) is a small (40-50 mm) flattened species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Soutpansberg rock lizard	species
taxon rank	Crithidia fasciculata is a species of parasitic protist.	Crithidia fasciculata	species
taxon rank	Crystallodytes is a genus of sandburrowers native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Crystallodytes	genus
taxon rank	Azorella filamentosa is a species of Azorella flowering plant, existing in Chile and the Falkland Islands.	Azorella filamentosa	species
taxon rank	Leptoconops torrens is a species of small biting flies in the family Ceratopogonidae (``No-see-ums'').	Leptoconops torrens	species
taxon rank	The Eleutherodactylidae are a family of direct-developing frogs native to northern South America, the Caribbean, and southernmost North America.	Eleutherodactylidae	family
taxon rank	While the introduction of the species will possibly sustain threatened birds of prey, such as the barn owl, the nonnative mammal could threaten some of the smaller native species, such as the Eurasian pygmy shrew.	Eurasian pygmy shrew	species
taxon rank	Ophiurina are a suborder of brittle stars containing the majority of living brittle star species.	Ophiurina	suborder
taxon rank	Albapomecyna alboplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Albapomecyna.	Albapomecyna alboplagiata	species
taxon rank	Praealticus poptae, the Marianas rockskipper, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean, around the Mariana Islands.	Praealticus poptae	species
taxon rank	Pardosa amentata, otherwise known as the wolf spider or spotted wolf spider is a species of spider in the genus Pardosa belonging to the family of wolf spiders, Lycosidae.	Pardosa amentata	species
taxon rank	Microcosmodon is a mammal genus from the Paleocene of North America.	Microcosmodon	genus
taxon rank	Aloe khamiesensis (also called Namaqua Aloe) is a species of plant in the genus Aloe.	Aloe khamiesensis	species
taxon rank	Stratiotosuchus (from Greek, στρατιώτης (stratiōtēs, ``soldier'') and σοῦχος (suchos, ``crocodile'')) is an extinct genus of baurusuchid mesoeucrocodylian from the Adamantina Formation in Brazil.	Stratiotosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Reinwardtia indica, yellow flax or pyoli, is a species of Linaceae found in the Himalayas.	Reinwardtia	species
taxon rank	Longchaeus suturalis, common name the crenulated pyram, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Longchaeus suturalis	species
taxon rank	Haliplus africanus is a species of water beetle in the Haliplidae family.	Haliplus africanus	species
taxon rank	Brasilotyphlus is a genus of caecilians in the Siphonopidae family.	Brasilotyphlus	genus
taxon rank	Acanthemblemaria macrospilus, the Barnacle blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Acanthemblemaria macrospilus	species
taxon rank	House spiders of the genus Tegenaria are fast-running brownish funnel-web weavers that occupy much of the Northern Hemisphere except for Japan and Indonesia.	Tegenaria	genus
taxon rank	Chorisodontium aciphyllum is a species of moss found primarily on both sides of the Drake Passage.	Chorisodontium aciphyllum	species
taxon rank	Praticolella griseola is a species of land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.	Praticolella griseola	species
taxon rank	Ditrema is a genus of surfperches native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	Ditrema	genus
taxon rank	Phallomedusa is a genus of small, air-breathing land snails with an operculum, a pulmonate gastropod mollusc.	Phallomedusa	genus
taxon rank	Turritopsis dohrnii, the immortal jellyfish, is a species of small, biologically immortal jellyfish found in the Mediterranean Sea and in the waters of Japan.	Turritopsis dohrnii	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Ankola fan, the Ankole Skipper, which is found in eastern Nigeria, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, Rwanda, western Kenya, north-western Tanzania and Zambia.	Ankola fan	species
taxon rank	Malacothrix incana is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name dunedelion.	Malacothrix incana	species
taxon rank	Oxyopes lineatus is a species of spider in the family Oxyopidae, the so-called lynx spiders.	Oxyopes lineatus	species
taxon rank	Eresinopsides is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.This genus is endemic to the Afrotropics.	Eresinopsides	genus
taxon rank	Parallelodontidae is a family of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks that are related to the ark clams.	Parallelodontidae	family
taxon rank	Tagetes linifolia is a North American species wild marigolds within the daisy family (Asteraceae).	Tagetes linifolia	species
taxon rank	Saussurea costus, commonly known as costus or kuth, is a species of thistle in the genus Saussurea native to South Asia.	Saussurea costus	species
taxon rank	Agrimonia striata (Roadside agrimony, Grooved agrimony, Agrimony, Cocklebur, Woodland Agrimony, Woodland grooveburr) is a species of perennial forb belonging to the Rose family (Rosaceae).	Agrimonia striata	species
taxon rank	Slevin's bunchgrass lizard (Sceloporus slevini) is a species of lizard in the family Phrynosomatidae ranging from Southwestern United States to Northern Mexico.	Slevin's bunchgrass lizard	species
taxon rank	Lygosoma bowringii, commonly known as the Christmas Island grass-skink or Bowring's supple skink, is a species of scincid lizard endemic to Southeast Asia.	Lygosoma bowringii	species
taxon rank	Mycena arcangeliana (commonly known as the angel's bonnet or the late-season bonnet) is a species of Mycenaceae fungus.	Mycena arcangeliana	species
taxon rank	Proceratium vinaka is a species of ant from Fiji, and the third species of its genus to be identified there.	Proceratium vinaka	species
taxon rank	The Samarakoon's shrub frog, (Pseudophilautus samarakoon) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus samarakoon	species
taxon rank	The Roosevelt elk (Cervus canadensis roosevelti), also known as Olympic elk, is the largest of the four surviving subspecies of elk in North America.	Roosevelt elk	subspecies
taxon rank	Torquigener squamicauda, commonly known as the brush-tail toadfish or scalytail Toadfish is a species of fish in the family Tetraodontidae.	Torquigener squamicauda	species
taxon rank	Pyrus ussuriensis, also known as the Ussurian pear, Harbin pear, and Manchurian pear, is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae.	Pyrus ussuriensis	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Cataxipha euxantha, which is found in Cameroon.	Cataxipha	species
taxon rank	Tabanus autumnalis, the large marsh horsefly, is a medium sized species of biting horse-fly.	Tabanus autumnalis	species
taxon rank	Waltheria tomentosa is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae which is endemic to the Marquesas Islands.	Waltheria tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Spiranthes romanzoffiana, commonly known as Irish Lady's-tresses or hooded lady's tresses, is a species of orchid.	Spiranthes romanzoffiana	species
taxon rank	Eucratodes agassizii is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Eucratodes.	Eucratodes	genus
taxon rank	Aulopareia is a genus of gobies native to the western Pacific Ocean where members of this genus can be found in marine, fresh and brackish waters.	Aulopareia	genus
taxon rank	Neoplanorbis tantillus is a species of very small air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Neoplanorbis tantillus	species
taxon rank	The Common Duffer, Discophora sondaica is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Southeast Asia.	Discophora sondaica	species
taxon rank	Cymbopogon martinii is a species of grass in the lemon grass genus native to India and Indochina but widely cultivated in many places for its aromatic oil.	Cymbopogon martinii	species
taxon rank	The genus Tyto includes all barn owls (family Tytonidae) except for the bay owls (subfamily Phodilinae, genus Phodilus) -- that is, the true barn owls, the grass owls and the masked owls collectively making up the subfamily Tytoninae.	Tyto	genus
taxon rank	Trypanorhyncha is an order of cestode, a type of flatworm.	Trypanorhyncha	order
taxon rank	Gibbonsia elegans, the Spotted kelpfish, is a species of clinid native to subtropical waters of the Pacific Ocean from central California, U.S. to southern Baja California, Mexico.	Gibbonsia elegans	species
taxon rank	Terataner is an African genus of arboreal ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Terataner	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtocara moorii, commonly known as the Hump-head, is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi in east Africa where they prefer areas with sandy substrates.	Cyrtocara	species
taxon rank	Saccharomyces cerevisiae is a species of yeast.	Saccharomyces cerevisiae	species
taxon rank	Aplodactylus is a genus of perciform fishes, the marblefishes, native to southern Australia, New Zealand, Peru, and Chile.	Aplodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Trichomorpha gracilis is a species of millipede in the Chelodesmidae family that can be found in San Vito, Costa Rica, where it was initially discovered on either the 17th or the 18th of April 1972.	Trichomorpha gracilis	species
taxon rank	Mastigotragus is a genus of whip-lash squid containing a single species.	Mastigotragus	genus
taxon rank	Dendrobium macrophyllum, commonly known as the Large-leaved Dendrobium or Pastor's Orchid, is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium macrophyllum	species
taxon rank	Phacelia racemosa is a species of phacelia known by the common name racemose phacelia.	Phacelia racemosa	species
taxon rank	Doesburgia celebiana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Doesburgia.	Doesburgia celebiana	species
taxon rank	Dasypus, also known as the long-nosed or naked-tailed armadillo, is a genus of armadillo in the family Dasypodidae.	Dasypus	genus
taxon rank	Abronia ameliae, commonly known as Amelia's Sand Verbena or Heart's Delight, is a species of flowering plant in the Four O'clock family, Nyctaginaceae, that is endemic to southern Texas in the United States.	Abronia ameliae	species
taxon rank	Trifolium obtusiflorum is a species of clover known by the common name clammy clover.	Trifolium obtusiflorum	species
taxon rank	Linaria bipartita is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name clovenlip toadflax.	Linaria bipartita	species
taxon rank	Inermoparmena besucheti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Inermoparmena.	Inermoparmena besucheti	species
taxon rank	Prepotherium is an extinct genus of Prepotheriina ground sloths that lived during the Miocene period.	Prepotherium	genus
taxon rank	Blanus aporus is an amphisbaenian species in the family Blanidae.	Blanus aporus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea annae is a species of tree fern native to Ambon in the Maluku Islands, where it grows in forest from sea level to about 650 m. The erect trunk is slender and may be as tall as 3 m. Fronds are bipinnate and 1-2 m in length.	Cyathea annae	species
taxon rank	Platymantis corrugatus (Philippine wrinkled ground frog or rough-back forest frog) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Platymantis corrugatus	species
taxon rank	Nebria chelmosensis is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Japan, North and South Korea, as well as in Jiangsu province of China.	Nebria chelmosensis	species
taxon rank	Polaskia (named after American amateur Charles Polaski) is a genus of tree-like cacti reaching 4--5 m high, comprising 2 species.	Polaskia	genus
taxon rank	The Baluchistan bear, also called the Pakistan black bear (Ursus thibetanus gedrosianus) is a subspecies of the Asian black bear found in the Baluchistan Mountains of southern Pakistan and Iran.	Baluchistan bear	subspecies
taxon rank	Aloe ballyi is a species of flowering plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae.	Aloe ballyi	species
taxon rank	Chronoperates (meaning ``time wanderer'' in Greek) is an extinct genus of probable mammal whose remains have been found in a late Paleocene deposit in Alberta, Canada.	Chronoperates	genus
taxon rank	Salix subfragilis is a species of willow native to Japan, Korea, Russian Far East and northern China.	Salix subfragilis	species
taxon rank	Antiplanes yukiae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae.	Antiplanes yukiae	species
taxon rank	Amantis aliena is a species of praying mantis native to Amboina, Sumatra, Malaysia, Moluccas, and Myanmar.	Amantis aliena	species
taxon rank	Lasiophanes is a small genus of ant with six described species endemic to Patagonia (Argentina and Chile).	Lasiophanes	genus
taxon rank	Brookesia lambertoni, commonly known as the Fito leaf chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Fito in eastern Madagascar.	Brookesia lambertoni	species
taxon rank	Ioichthys kashkini is a species of barreleye known only from the Arabian Sea where it has been recovered from a depth of 700 metres (2,300 ft).	Ioichthys kashkini	species
taxon rank	The Amethyst-colored Dendrobium (Dendrobium amethystoglossum) is a species of orchid endemic to the Island of Luzon in the Philippines but cultivated elsewhere as an ornamental.	Dendrobium amethystoglossum	species
taxon rank	Clinopodium ashei (syn. Calamintha ashei) is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Ashe's savory and Ashe's calamint.	Clinopodium ashei	species
taxon rank	Macromia taeniolata, the royal river cruiser is a species of dragonfly in the family Macromiidae.	Macromia taeniolata	species
taxon rank	Kajikia is a genus of billfishes found in all subtropical oceans.	Kajikia	genus
taxon rank	Megantereon was a genus of prehistoric machairodontine saber-toothed cat that lived in North America, Eurasia, and Africa.	Megantereon	genus
taxon rank	Prunus armeniaca (``Armenian plum''), the most commonly cultivated apricot species, also called ansu apricot, Siberian apricot, Tibetan apricot, is a species of Prunus, classified with the plum in the subgenus Prunus.	Prunus armeniaca	species
taxon rank	Calamaria lumbricoidea, commonly known as Variable Reed Snake, is a species of dwarf snake in the Colubridae family.	Calamaria lumbricoidea	species
taxon rank	Podocarpus dispermus is a species of conifer in the family Podocarpaceae known commonly as the broad-leaved brown pine.	Podocarpus dispermus	species
taxon rank	Hymenoxys anthemoides, the South American rubberweed, is a South American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Hymenoxys anthemoides	species
taxon rank	Eurymorpha cyanipes is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Eurymorpha.	Eurymorpha	species
taxon rank	Dodecatheon conjugens is a species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common name Bonneville shooting star.	Dodecatheon conjugens	species
taxon rank	Iva cheiranthifolia, the fly marsh elder, is a Caribbean species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Iva cheiranthifolia	species
taxon rank	Stathmonotus lugubris, the Mexican worm blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from southern Mexico, in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Stathmonotus lugubris	species
taxon rank	Calathus rubripes is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Italy and Switzerland.	Calathus rubripes	species
taxon rank	Pallavicinia is a globally distributed genus in the liverwort family Pallaviciniaceae.	Pallavicinia	genus
taxon rank	Macrobrachium ohione, commonly known as the Ohio shrimp or Ohio River shrimp, is a species of freshwater shrimp found in rivers throughout the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Ocean drainage basins of North America.	Macrobrachium ohione	species
taxon rank	Crataegus sanguinea (common names Redhaw Hawthorn or Siberian hawthorn) is a species of hawthorn that is native to southern Siberia, Mongolia, and the extreme north of China.	Crataegus sanguinea	species
taxon rank	Altudoceras is a genus belonging to the Pseudogastrioceratinae subfamily.	Altudoceras	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron supplex is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names supple daisy or supple fleabane.	Erigeron supplex	species
taxon rank	Calypte is a genus of hummingbirds.	Calypte	genus
taxon rank	Grypocoris sexguttatus is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Miridae or plant bugs, subfamily Mirinae.	Grypocoris sexguttatus	species
taxon rank	Ceratonia siliqua, commonly known as the carob tree, St John's-bread, or locust bean (not to be confused with the African locust bean) is a species of flowering evergreen shrub or tree in the pea family, Fabaceae.	Ceratonia siliqua	species
taxon rank	The Senegalese wolf (Canis anthus anthus), also known as the grey jackal, slender jackal or Anthus, is the nominate subspecies of the African golden wolf native to Senegal.	Senegalese wolf	subspecies
taxon rank	Penaeidae is a family of marine crustacean in the suborder Dendrobranchiata, which are often referred to as penaeid shrimp or penaeid prawn.	Penaeidae	family
taxon rank	Coreopsideae is a tribe of flowering plants belonging to the Asteroideae subfamily.	Coreopsideae	tribe
taxon rank	Kytococcus is a genus of Actinomycete bacteria, including the sequenced species Kytococcus sedentarius.	Kytococcus	genus
taxon rank	Thurnia is a group of herbaceous plants described as a genus in 1883.	Thurnia	genus
taxon rank	Polemon griseiceps, or the Cameroon snake-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.	Polemon griseiceps	species
taxon rank	Mellissia is a genus in the family Solanaceae with a single species, Mellissia begoniifolia (Saint Helena Boxwood), that is endemic to the island of Saint Helena.	Mellissia	species
taxon rank	Hibiscus schizopetalus is a species of Hibiscus native to tropical eastern Africa in Kenya, Tanzania and Mozambique.	Hibiscus schizopetalus	species
taxon rank	Photinia raupingensis is a species in the family Rosaceae of flowering plants.	Photinia raupingensis	species
taxon rank	Banksia leptophylla var. melletica is a variety of Banksia leptophylla.	Banksia leptophylla var. melletica	variety
taxon rank	The beetle family Jurodidae was originally described from fossils, but in 1996, a single species from the Russian Far East, described as Sikhotealinia zhiltzovae, was found and later was recognized to be a living representative of this otherwise extinct family (a ``living fossil'').	Jurodidae	family
taxon rank	Dictenidia is a genus of true crane flies.	Dictenidia	genus
taxon rank	Galium serpenticum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Intermountain bedstraw or many-flowered bedstraw.	Galium serpenticum	species
taxon rank	Acanthochirana is an extinct genus of prawn that existed during the upper Jurassic period.	Acanthochirana	genus
taxon rank	Yunnanolepis is an extinct genus of primitive Antiarch placoderm.	Yunnanolepis	genus
taxon rank	Mortoniella is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1939.	Mortoniella	genus
taxon rank	Pantilius tunicatus is a species of bug in Miridae family that could be found in the Baltic states, Faroe Islands, Finland, Italy, United Kingdom, Yugoslavia, the Netherlands, Eastern, Central, and Western Europe (except for Portugal).	Pantilius tunicatus	species
taxon rank	Phellinus tremulae is a species of polypore fungus in the family Hymenochaetaceae that grows on Populus tremula and on trembling aspen in Canada.	Phellinus tremulae	species
taxon rank	Oxyuridae is a family of nematode worms of the class Secernentea.	Oxyuridae	family
taxon rank	Trachydoras paraguayensis is a species of thorny catfish found in the Paraná River basin of Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil and Paraguay.	Trachydoras paraguayensis	species
taxon rank	Carex assiniboinensis, commonly known as the assiniboia sedge, is a species of sedge (Carex) in the section Hymenochlaenae.	Carex assiniboinensis	species
taxon rank	Neoscorpaena nielseni is a species of scorpionfish known from the Indian Ocean off the coast of South Africa where it is found at depths of from 100 to 405 metres (328 to 1,329 ft).	Neoscorpaena nielseni	species
taxon rank	Cybistax is a genus containing a single species, Cybistax antisyphilitica (Mart.)	Cybistax	genus
taxon rank	Euscelis is a leafhopper genus in the subfamily Deltocephalinae.	Euscelis	genus
taxon rank	Gymnopilus braendlei is a species of agaric fungus that contains the hallucinogens psilocybin and psilocin.	Gymnopilus braendlei	species
taxon rank	Acer undulatum is a species of maple, endemic to Babadağ near Fethiye in Muğla Province, southwestern Turkey, where it grows at altitudes of between 1,400 and 1,800 meters.	Acer undulatum	species
taxon rank	Baileya australis, the Small Baileya Moth, is a species of moth of the Nolidae family.	Baileya australis	species
taxon rank	Allium cristophii, common name Persian Onion or Star of Persia; is a species of onion native to Turkey, Iran, and Turkmenistan, though grown as an ornamental bulbous plant in many parts of the world.	Allium cristophii	species
taxon rank	Mimetes fimbriifolius, also called cowl pagoda or the fringed pagoda, is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family.	Mimetes fimbriifolius	species
taxon rank	Pardiglanis tarabinii, the Somalian giant catfish, is a species of claroteid catfish native to Kenya and Somalia.	Pardiglanis tarabinii	species
taxon rank	Christella is a genus of around 50 species of ferns.	Christella	genus
taxon rank	Yunmenglong is an extinct genus of somphospondylan sauropod known from the late Early Cretaceous of Henan Province, central China.	Yunmenglong	genus
taxon rank	Craniata (formerly Craniforma) is a class of Brachiopod originating in the Cambrian period and still extant today.	Craniforma	class
taxon rank	Lupocyclus is a genus of crabs, containing six species:	Lupocyclus	genus
taxon rank	Jentink's duikers stand around 80 cm (31 in) tall at the shoulder and weigh about 70 kg (150 lb), making them the largest species of the duikers.	Jentink's duiker	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma roseolum, common name Dall's rosy top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma roseolum	species
taxon rank	Acanthostracion is a genus of boxfishes native to the Atlantic Ocean.	Acanthostracion	genus
taxon rank	Cheirolepidoptus is a genus of extinct mite found in Italy.	Cheirolepidoptus	genus
taxon rank	Platyzoma microphyllum, the sole species in genus Platyzoma, is a fern native to northern Australia.	Platyzoma	species
taxon rank	Cattleya schilleriana is a species of bifoliate Cattleya orchid.	Cattleya schilleriana	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron hyperythrum (微笑杜鹃, wei xiao du juan) is a Rhododendron species endemic to north-central Taiwan at 900--1200 meters altitude.	Rhododendron hyperythrum	species
taxon rank	Acca sellowiana, a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, is native to the highlands of southern Brazil, eastern Paraguay, Uruguay, northern Argentina, and Colombia.	Acca sellowiana	species
taxon rank	Baeolophus is a genus of birds in the family Paridae.	Baeolophus	genus
taxon rank	Warea amplexifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names wideleaf pinelandcress, wide-leaf warea, and clasping warea.	Warea amplexifolia	species
taxon rank	Lycurus is a small genus of New World plants in the grass family, native to North and South America.	Lycurus	genus
taxon rank	Trisetum is a genus of plants in the grass family, widespread in temperate, subarctic, and alpine habitats in much of the world.	Trisetum	genus
taxon rank	Pyrostria revoluta, formerly Scyphochlamys revoluta, is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae that lives on the island of Rodrigues.	Pyrostria revoluta	species
taxon rank	Conus ruthae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus ruthae	species
taxon rank	Microhyla annamensis (commonly known as the Annam chorus frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Microhyla annamensis	species
taxon rank	Thwaitesia argentiopunctata known as the sequined spider, mirror spider, or twin-peaked Thwaitesia is a species of spider found in all the states of Australia.	Thwaitesia argentiopunctata	species
taxon rank	Feylinia is a genus of skinks (family Scincidae).	Feylinia	genus
taxon rank	The family Entomobryidae contains the so-called ``slender springtails'', a group of springtails characterised as having an enlarged fourth abdominal segment and a well-developed furcula.	Entomobryidae	family
taxon rank	Ungusurculus is a genus of viviparous brotulas found in the western Pacific Ocean.	Ungusurculus	genus
taxon rank	Arachnura is a genus of orb-weaving spiders of Australasia, with one species found in Africa and Madagascar.	Arachnura	genus
taxon rank	Alyxia oliviformis, known as Maile (pronounced MY-lĕ) in Hawaiian, is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae, that is native to Hawaii.	Alyxia oliviformis	species
taxon rank	Fibrillanosema crangonycis is a species of fungus in the phylum Microsporidia.	Fibrillanosema crangonycis	species
taxon rank	Amblyocarpum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1837.	Amblyocarpum	genus
taxon rank	Pseudobrevicoceras is an extinct nautilitoid cephalopod genus in the order Oncocerida.	Pseudobrevicoceras	genus
taxon rank	Fissurella nodosa, commonly known as the knobbed keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Fissurella nodosa	species
taxon rank	Madurella is a genus of fungus of the Hyphomycetes class.	Madurella	genus
taxon rank	Mimecyroschema tuberculipenne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimecyroschema.	Mimecyroschema tuberculipenne	species
taxon rank	Desseria is a genus of parasitic protozoa belonging the phylum Apicomplexa.	Desseria	genus
taxon rank	Zizyphomyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.	Zizyphomyia	genus
taxon rank	Bogertophis is a genus of New World rat snakes endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.	Bogertophis	genus
taxon rank	Pappognatha is a genus of mutillid wasps.	Pappognatha	genus
taxon rank	Sobralia fragrans, commonly known as the fragrant sobralia, is a species of orchid found from Mexico to tropical South America.	Sobralia fragrans	species
taxon rank	Glomera is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae), with more than 130 species.	Glomera	genus
taxon rank	Eupolyphaga sinensis, or tǔ biē chóng, 土鳖虫, is a species of wingless, flightless cockroach in the genus Eupolyphaga, native to Western China and Mongolia.	Eupolyphaga sinensis	species
taxon rank	Pastinaca (parsnips) is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, comprising 14 species.	Pastinaca	genus
taxon rank	The Pu Hoat muntjac (Muntiacus puhoatensis) is a newly discovered species of muntjac only known from Pu Hoat region in Vietnam, which is bordering Laos.	Pu Hoat muntjac	species
taxon rank	Systenotheca is a monotypic plant genus in the buckwheat family containing the single species Systenotheca vortriedei, which is known by the common name Vortriede's spineflower.	Systenotheca	genus
taxon rank	Oxyops vitiosa is a species of weevil in the Curculionidae family.	Oxyops vitiosa	species
taxon rank	Nebria rougemonti is a species of ground beetle from a Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan province of China.	Nebria rougemonti	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma rosewateri, common name Rosewater's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma rosewateri	species
taxon rank	Echinaster sepositus, the Mediterranean red sea star (sometimes only red sea star, but this name is also used for other species such as Callopatiria granifera), is a species of starfish from the East Atlantic, including the Mediterranean Sea.	Echinaster sepositus	species
taxon rank	Centaurea seridis is a species of Centaurea found in Eastern Mediterranean.	Centaurea seridis	species
taxon rank	Spectrunculus grandis is a species of ray-finned fish in the cusk-eel family known by the common names pudgy cusk-eel and giant cusk-eel.	Spectrunculus grandis	species
taxon rank	†Oriostomatidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neritimorpha.	Oriostomatidae	family
taxon rank	Drosera macrophylla, the showy sundew, is a perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia.	Drosera macrophylla	species
taxon rank	Parafrasura is a monotypic genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Africa.	Parafrasura	genus
taxon rank	Yssolebias martae is a species of fish only known from the Río Magdalena near Santa Marta, Colombia.	Yssolebias martae	species
taxon rank	Rastrophyllum is a genus of African plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family.	Rastrophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Xerophyllum tenax is a North American species of plants in the corn lily family.	Xerophyllum tenax	species
taxon rank	The genus Cayratia comprises approximately 45 species of plants, some of which have utility value to people.	Cayratia	genus
taxon rank	The sole species it contains, Guamia mariannae, is endemic to the Marianas Islands.	Guamia	species
taxon rank	Microryzomys minutus, also known as the montane colilargo or the forest small rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Microryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Microryzomys minutus	species
taxon rank	Heteroteuthis serventyi is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean, off southeastern Australia.	Heteroteuthis serventyi	species
taxon rank	Parthenium alpinum is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names alpine feverfew and Wyoming feverfew.	Parthenium alpinum	species
taxon rank	Genicanthus personatus is a species of marine angelfishes in the genus, Genicanthus.	Genicanthus personatus	species
taxon rank	The Iringa akalat (Sheppardia lowei) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Iringa akalat	species
taxon rank	Melicope adscendens is a rare species of flowering plant in the citrus family known by the common name auwahi melicope.	Melicope adscendens	species
taxon rank	Scoparia dulcis is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family.	Scoparia dulcis	species
taxon rank	Fucus spiralis is a species of seaweed, a brown alga (Heterokontophyta, Phaeophyceae), living on the littoral shore of the Atlantic coasts of Europe and North America.	Fucus spiralis	species
taxon rank	Tropidocarpum is a genus of flowering plants in the mustard family.	Tropidocarpum	genus
taxon rank	Lessingia nemaclada is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name slenderstem lessingia.	Lessingia nemaclada	species
taxon rank	Olivella minuta, common name the minute dwarf olive, is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae, the dwarf olives.	Olivella minuta	species
taxon rank	Stylonychia is a genus of ciliate, included among the stichotrichs.	Stylonychia	genus
taxon rank	Pseudopostega sumbae is a species of moth of the Opostegidae family.	Pseudopostega sumbae	species
taxon rank	Mimoxylamia gentyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimoxylamia.	Mimoxylamia gentyi	species
taxon rank	Walckenaeria crocea is a spider species first described by A. F. Millidge in 1983.	Walckenaeria crocea	species
taxon rank	Eleotris vomerodentata is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Madagascar, where it is only known to occur in fresh waters.	Eleotris vomerodentata	species
taxon rank	Styrax redivivus, with common names that include snowdrop bush, California styrax, bitternut, drug snowbell, and chaparral snowbell, is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae.	Styrax redivivus	species
taxon rank	Cochylimorpha elegans is a moth species in the Tortricidae family.	Cochylimorpha elegans	species
taxon rank	Phracyps is a genus of moths of the Xyloryctidae family from the Madagascar.	Phracyps	genus
taxon rank	Labiostrombus epidromis, common name the swan conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Labiostrombus epidromis	species
taxon rank	Promissum is an extinct genus of primitive chordate that lived in the Ordovician period, about 500 million years ago.	Promissum	genus
taxon rank	Stilida is a genus of true bugs in the family Tessaratomidae, and endemic to Australia.	Stilida	genus
taxon rank	Carex simulata is a species of sedge known by the common name analogue sedge.	Carex simulata	species
taxon rank	Rubus depavitus is a North American species of dewberry, known as the Aberdeen dewberry.	Rubus depavitus	species
taxon rank	Crossoloricaria rhami is a species of armored catfish found in the upper Amazon basin of Ecuador and Peru.	Crossoloricaria rhami	species
taxon rank	Brassavola venosa is a species of orchid found from Campeche, Oaxaca, Quintana Roo, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua.	Brassavola venosa	species
taxon rank	Thuspeinanta is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described in 1888.	Thuspeinanta	genus
taxon rank	Rhagio scolopaceus is a species of flies from the family Rhagionidae.	Rhagio scolopaceus	species
taxon rank	Asparagus simulans is a species of Asparagus native to Madagascar.	Asparagus simulans	species
taxon rank	Pterostylis recurva is a species of orchid endemic to west-southwestern and Southwest Australia.	Pterostylis recurva	species
taxon rank	Berberis agricola is a plant species endemic to Xizang (Tibet).	Berberis agricola	species
taxon rank	Astragalus montii is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name heliotrope milkvetch.	Astragalus montii	species
taxon rank	Gymnallabes nops, popularly known as the blind eel catfish, is a species of airbreathing catfish found in the lower Congo River basin in the countries of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo.	Gymnallabes nops	species
taxon rank	Stachyopsis is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae family, first described in 1923.	Stachyopsis	genus
taxon rank	Stenogyne is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family first described in 1830.	Stenogyne	genus
taxon rank	The Mariana crow (Corvus kubaryi) (Chamorro name: aga) is a species of the crow family from the South Pacific.	Mariana crow	species
taxon rank	Neoechinorhynchida is an order of parasitic worms from the (phylum Acanthocephala).	Neoechinorhynchida	order
taxon rank	Tinodontidae is an extinct family of actively mobile mammal, endemic to what would now be North America, Asia, Europe, and Africa during the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods.	Tinodontidae	family
taxon rank	Cissampelos pareira (velvetleaf) is a species of flowering plant in the family Menispermaceae.	Cissampelos pareira	species
taxon rank	The Rana Marsupial (Gastrotheca testudinea) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Gastrotheca testudinea	species
taxon rank	Akysis pulvinatus is a species of stream catfish.	Akysis pulvinatus	species
taxon rank	Rosa moschata, the musk rose, is a species of rose long in cultivation.	Rosa moschata	species
taxon rank	Penicillium smithii is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citreoviridin and canescin Penicillium smithii occurs in soil in Canada and Europe	Penicillium smithii	species
taxon rank	Amblydoras is a genus of thorny catfishes native to rivers in tropical South America.	Amblydoras	genus
taxon rank	Andrewsianthus ferrugineus is a species of liverwort in the family Scapaniaceae.	Andrewsianthus ferrugineus	species
taxon rank	Delftia is a genus of comamonad bacteria.	Delftia	genus
taxon rank	The Flea-frog (Brachycephalus hermogenesi) is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family.	Flea-frog	species
taxon rank	Gymnadenia is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) containing 22 terrestrial species.	Gymnadenia	genus
taxon rank	The Brymer's Dendrobium (Dendrobium brymerianum) is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium brymerianum	species
taxon rank	Oncorhynchus lacustris (syn. Rhabdofario lacustris) is an extinct species of prehistoric freshwater trout from the late Miocene to late Pliocene of Western North America.	Oncorhynchus lacustris	species
taxon rank	Polygonum austiniae, common name Mrs. Austin's knotweed, is a plant species in the buckwheat family.	Polygonum austiniae	species
taxon rank	Apistoloricaria listrorhinos is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Metica River basin.	Apistoloricaria listrorhinos	species
taxon rank	The former genus Kurodaconus Shikama & Habe, 1968 Shell characters (living and fossil species) The shell is pyriform with angulate shoulders and an elevated scalariform spire.	Kurodaconus	genus
taxon rank	Psorosticha is a moth genus of the superfamily Gelechioidea.	Psorosticha	genus
taxon rank	Sphaeromeria cana (recently proposed name Artemisia albicans) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name gray chickensage.	Sphaeromeria cana	species
taxon rank	Quercus alnifolia, commonly known as the golden oak, is an evergreen oak species of Cyprus.	Quercus alnifolia	species
taxon rank	Aethalochroa simplicipes is a species of praying mantis found in India that was originally identified as a variety of A. ashmoliana.	Aethalochroa simplicipes	species
taxon rank	The Austrochiloidea or austrochiloids are a group of araneomorph spiders, treated as a superfamily.	Austrochiloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Zabrus lycius is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that can be found in Dodecanese islands and in Near East.	Zabrus lycius	species
taxon rank	Aegiphila caymanensis is a species of mint endemic to Grand Cayman.	Aegiphila caymanensis	species
taxon rank	Gagea pratensis, called the Yellow Star of Bethlehem, is a European and Mediterranean plant species in the lily family.	Gagea pratensis	species
taxon rank	Monia zelandica, is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Anomiidae, the jingle shells.	Monia zelandica	species
taxon rank	Allium kurssanovii is a species of wild onion native to Central Asia (Xinjiang, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan).	Allium kurssanovii	species
taxon rank	Dactylosurculus gomoni is a species of viviparous brotula, the only known member of its genus, found in the waters of the Indian Ocean off the coast of western Australia.	Dactylosurculus gomoni	species
taxon rank	Hastula strigilata, common name the strigate auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Hastula strigilata	species
taxon rank	Hypolepis sparsisora is an Afrotropical fern species with an extensive range in Africa and Madagascar, where it occurs at diverse altitudes.	Hypolepis sparsisora	species
taxon rank	Pachypodistes angulata is a species of snout moth in the genus Pachypodistes.	Pachypodistes angulata	species
taxon rank	Scholtzia oligandra, commonly known as Pink Scholtzia, is a shrub species in the family Myrtaceae.	Scholtzia oligandra	species
taxon rank	Hexabothriidae is a family of monogenean parasites.	Hexabothriidae	family
taxon rank	Divaricella dentata, or the dentate lucine, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae.	Divaricella dentata	species
taxon rank	Festuca dolichophylla is a species of grass which is endemic to western South America with an occurrence in Costa Rica.	Festuca dolichophylla	species
taxon rank	Hippocampus slovenicus is an extinct species of seahorse found in 2005 in the coprolitic horizon of the Tunjice hills Lagerstätte in Slovenia along with remains of the related species Hippocampus sarmaticus.	Hippocampus slovenicus	species
taxon rank	Nebria lewisi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Kikuma, Ehime of Japan.	Nebria lewisi	species
taxon rank	Sporosarcina ureae forms endospores (like all species of the genus).	Sporosarcina ureae	species
taxon rank	Imbricaria olivaeformis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miter shells or miter snails.	Imbricaria olivaeformis	species
taxon rank	Helicigona lapicida is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Helicigona lapicida	species
taxon rank	Muscari is a genus of perennial bulbous plants native to Eurasia that produce spikes of dense, most commonly blue, urn-shaped flowers resembling bunches of grapes in the spring.	Muscari	genus
taxon rank	Zodarion lutipes is a spider species found in Cyprus, Israel, Lebanon and Jordan.	Zodarion lutipes	species
taxon rank	Sematophyllaceae is a family of mosses.	Sematophyllaceae	family
taxon rank	Paedogobius kimurai is a species of fish in the goby family, Gobiidae, and the only member of the monotypic genus Paedogobius.	Paedogobius kimurai	species
taxon rank	Synodontis woleuensis is a species of upside-down catfish native to Equatorial Guinea and Gabon, where it is known only from the Woleu River, after which it was named, and the Kyé River.	Synodontis woleuensis	species
taxon rank	Viburnum lantana (wayfarer or wayfaring tree) is a species of Viburnum, native to central, southern and western Europe (north to Yorkshire in England), northwest Africa, and southwestern Asia.	Viburnum lantana	species
taxon rank	Ecbolium viride is a species of Ecbolium of the family Acanthaceae.	Ecbolium viride	species
taxon rank	Anomalocaris (``abnormal shrimp'') is an extinct genus of anomalocaridid, a family of animals thought to be closely related to ancestral arthropods.	Anomalocaris	genus
taxon rank	Chrysiptera hemicyanea, known commonly as the azure damselfish, azure demoiselle, half-blue demoiselle, and yellow-dipped damsel, is a species of damselfish.	Chrysiptera hemicyanea	species
taxon rank	Lobophyllia, commonly called lobed brain coral or lobo coral, is a genus of large polyp stony corals.	Lobophyllia	genus
taxon rank	Apocheima strigataria, the small phigalia moth, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.	Apocheima strigataria	species
taxon rank	Polyrhachis convexa is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae, found in India, Sri Lanka, and China.	Polyrhachis convexa	species
taxon rank	The Neopilionidae are a family of harvestmen with 15 known species.	Neopilionidae	family
taxon rank	Odontostomias is a genus of barbeled dragonfishes.	Odontostomias	genus
taxon rank	Caecilia subnigricans is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.	Caecilia subnigricans	species
taxon rank	Bonnetia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Bonnetiaceae.	Bonnetia	genus
taxon rank	The Kneriidae are a small family of freshwater gonorhynchiform fishes native to Africa.	Kneriidae	family
taxon rank	Hypolophota oodes is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypolophota.	Hypolophota oodes	species
taxon rank	Lycopodium fastigiatum, commonly known as alpine club moss or mountain club moss, is a species of club moss native to New Zealand and Australia.	Lycopodium fastigiatum	species
taxon rank	Gliophorus reginae is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae.	Gliophorus reginae	species
taxon rank	The Gastrotheca longipes (also known as the Pastaza Marsupial Frog or Rana Marsupial) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Gastrotheca longipes	species
taxon rank	Micropyropsis is a genus of Spanish and Moroccan plants in the grass family.	Micropyropsis	genus
taxon rank	Cnephia is a genus of 9 species of black flies, They are distributed in scattered locations across the Northern Hemisphere, from Ukraine to Eastern Siberia, and some parts of North America.	Cnephia	genus
taxon rank	Barbicambarus simmonsi is a species of giant crayfish discovered in southern Tennessee in 2010.	Barbicambarus simmonsi	species
taxon rank	Heuchera rubescens, with common name is pink alumroot, is a species of Heuchera.	Heuchera rubescens	species
taxon rank	Homo antecessor is an extinct human species (or subspecies) dating from 800,000 to 1.2 million years ago, that was discovered by Eudald Carbonell, Juan Luis Arsuaga and J. M. Bermúdez de Castro.	Homo antecessor	species
taxon rank	When described the genus contained a single Ypresian-age species Microberotha macculloughi.	Microberotha	species
taxon rank	Norasaphus monroeae is a species of trilobite named after Marilyn Monroe for its hourglass-like shape	Norasaphus monroeae	species
taxon rank	Agastache urticifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name nettle-leaf giant hyssop or horse nettle.	Agastache urticifolia	species
taxon rank	Vallentinia gabriellae, the hitch-hiking jellyfish, is a species of small, inconspicuous jellyfish in the family Olindiidae.	Vallentinia gabriellae	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha nana is a species of praying mantis found in Uganda and Zululand.	Hoplocorypha nana	species
taxon rank	Partula taeniata, common name the Moorean viviparous tree snail, is a species of gastropod in the Partulidae family.	Partula taeniata	species
taxon rank	Tetanops apicalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Tetanops of the family Ulidiidae.	Tetanops apicalis	species
taxon rank	Ozyptila perplexa is a crab spider species found in Spain, France and Algeria.	Ozyptila perplexa	species
taxon rank	Solariella peramabilis, common name the lovely Pacific margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.	Solariella peramabilis	species
taxon rank	The Lythraceae are a family of flowering plants, including about 620 species of mostly herbs, with some shrubs and trees, in 31 genera.	Lythraceae	family
taxon rank	Metaspriggina is a genus of chordate initially known from two specimens in the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale and 44 specimens found in 2012 at the Marble Canyon bed in Kootenay National Park.	Metaspriggina	genus
taxon rank	Homola barbata is a species of crab in the family Homolidae.	Homola barbata	species
taxon rank	Micranthes nidifica is a species of saxifrage known by the common name peak saxifrage.	Micranthes nidifica	species
taxon rank	Anatoma gunteri, common name Gunther's split shell, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae.	Anatoma gunteri	species
taxon rank	The Stephens Island wren was long remembered in local mythos as the only known species to be entirely wiped out by a single living being: the local lighthouse keeper's cat, named Tibbles.	Stephens Island wren	species
taxon rank	Megacephala biimpressicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1960, and can be found only in Bolivia and Brazil.	Megacephala biimpressicollis	species
taxon rank	Bembix is a large cosmopolitan genus of large, often brightly colored predatory sand wasps, consisting of about 380 species.	Bembix	genus
taxon rank	Ong Sheng-keng and Yu Ching-kin were the first Taiwanese researchers to publish a journal article on Lepidoptera when they described Actias neidhoeferi as a new species.	Actias neidhoeferi	species
taxon rank	Zenobia cassinefolia is a North American species of shrubs, in the genus Zenobia, in the heath family.	Zenobia cassinefolia	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Melisoides lobata, which is found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Equatorial Guinea.	Melisoides	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis macrocephalus is a species of cichlid endemic to the Tanzanian portion of Lake Victoria where it is found in Mwanza Gulf and Speke Gulf.	Haplochromis macrocephalus	species
taxon rank	Hypsilurus is a genus of arboreal agamid lizards from Melanesia and eastern Australia.	Hypsilurus	genus
taxon rank	Lyallia kerguelensis, commonly called the Lyallia Cushion (Coussin de Lyallia in French), is a species of flowering cushion plant in the monotypic genus Lyallia in the Montiaceae family.	Lyallia	species
taxon rank	Oxyothespis noctivaga is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea.	Oxyothespis noctivaga	species
taxon rank	The Potyviridae are a family of viruses that encompasses more than 30% of known plant viruses, many of which are of great agricultural significance.	Potyviridae	family
taxon rank	Freesia alba is a species of flowering plant in the iris family.	Freesia alba	species
taxon rank	Megacephala carolina is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Linnaeus in 1766.	Megacephala carolina	species
taxon rank	Livistona saribus, commonly known as taraw palm, is a species of palm tree found in Southeast Asia (Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam, Borneo, Java. Peninsular Malaysia and the Philippines).	Livistona saribus	species
taxon rank	The family Sciomyzidae belongs to the typical flies (Brachycera) of the order Diptera.	Sciomyzidae	family
taxon rank	Bossiaea is a genus in the pea family (Fabaceae) consisting of about 70 species which are native to Australia.	Bossiaea	genus
taxon rank	Pelargonium rodneyanum, commonly known as magenta storksbill, is a perennial herb species that is endemic to Australia.	Pelargonium rodneyanum	species
taxon rank	Cyathea insulana is a species of tree fern native to New Guinea, where it grows in mossy forest and ravines at an altitude of 750--1600 m. The trunk of this species is erect, 8--10 m tall, and 14 cm in diameter.	Cyathea insulana	species
taxon rank	Stylidium divergens is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae) that was described as a new species in 2000.	Stylidium divergens	species
taxon rank	Damasonium minus is a species of flowering plant in the water-plantain family known by the common names starfruit and star-fruit (not to be confused with the cultivated starfruit).	Damasonium minus	species
taxon rank	Storeini, or flower weevils, is a tribe of true weevils (Curculionidae).	Storeini	tribe
taxon rank	Neritopsis is a genus of sea snails in the family Neritopsidae.	Neritopsis	genus
taxon rank	Maytenus ponceana, Ponce mayten, is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family.	Maytenus ponceana	species
taxon rank	Ephippioceratidae is a family of clydonatilacean nautilids with shells as in the Liroceratidae but with sutures that have deep ventral and dorsal saddles.	Ephippioceratidae	family
taxon rank	Neobarynotus microlepis is a species of cyprinid fish found is Southeast Asia.	Neobarynotus microlepis	species
taxon rank	Aubria subsigillata, commonly known as the brown ball frog or the West African brown frog, is a species of frog belonging to the family Pyxicephalidae.	Aubria subsigillata	species
taxon rank	Drosera cuneifolia is a small rosette-forming species of perennial sundew native to the Cape in South Africa.	Drosera cuneifolia	species
taxon rank	Beaufortia kweichowensis is a species of gastromyzontid loach native to rivers in China.	Beaufortia kweichowensis	species
taxon rank	Steneotarsonemus spinki, the panicle rice mite, spinki mite, or rice tarsonemid mite, is a species of mite in the family Tarsonemidae, the white mites.	Steneotarsonemus spinki	species
taxon rank	Carex tricephala is a species in the genus Carex, family Cyperaceae.	Carex tricephala	species
taxon rank	Gladiolus italicus is a species of gladiolus known by the common names Italian gladiolus, field gladiolus, and common sword-lily.	Gladiolus italicus	species
taxon rank	Malawimonadidae is a eukaryotic family.	Malawimonadidae	family
taxon rank	Bougainvillia frondosa is a marine invertebrate, a species of hydroid in the suborder Anthomedusae.	Bougainvillia frondosa	species
taxon rank	Barbus macrotaenia (broadband barb) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Barbus macrotaenia	species
taxon rank	Sepia acuminata is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean, from Port Elizabeth, South Africa to Somalia (01º30'N--30ºS), and Madagascar.	Sepia acuminata	species
taxon rank	Wasps of the cosmopolitan genus Polistes (the only genus in the tribe Polistini) are the most familiar of the polistine wasps, and are the most common type of paper wasp in North America.	Polistes	genus
taxon rank	Sauries are fish of the family Scomberesocidae.	Scomberesocidae	family
taxon rank	Trema lamarckiana, the Lamarck's trema or West Indian nettle tree, is a species of a plant in the Cannabaceae family belonging to a genus of Treme Lour.	Trema lamarckiana	species
taxon rank	Natrix is a genus of colubrid snakes.	Natrix	genus
taxon rank	Leptobrycon jatuaranae is a species of characin endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the Amazon River basin.	Leptobrycon jatuaranae	species
taxon rank	Picoides is a genus of woodpeckers (family Picidae) found primarily in North America.	Picoides	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces flavofungini is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from desert sand .	Streptomyces flavofungini	species
taxon rank	Agyneta proxima is a species of sheet weaver found in Colombia.	Agyneta proxima	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis omnicaeruleus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is known from the southeastern portion of the lake.	Haplochromis omnicaeruleus	species
taxon rank	Oberea bivittata is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Aurivillius in 1911.	Oberea bivittata	species
taxon rank	Zapsalis is a genus of dromaeosaurine theropod dinosaurs.	Zapsalis	genus
taxon rank	Centrolene antioquiense (common name: Antioquia giant glass frog) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.	Centrolene antioquiense	species
taxon rank	Gyroporus purpurinus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Gyroporaceae.	Gyroporus purpurinus	species
taxon rank	Pachites is a genus of flowering plants in the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Pachites	genus
taxon rank	Actinodaphne malaccensis is a species of tree in the laurel family, Lauraceae.	Actinodaphne malaccensis	species
taxon rank	Longitarsus curtus is a species of leaf beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found everywhere in Europe (except for Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland, Portugal and the island of Sardinia).	Longitarsus curtus	species
taxon rank	Ogilbia suarezae is a species of fish of the genus Ogilbia found in the shallows of the Caribbean Sea.	Ogilbia suarezae	species
taxon rank	Stenotosaurus is an extinct genus of capitosaurian temnospondyl within the family Mastodonsauridae.	Stenotosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Thrixspermum is a genus of orchids, comprising around 150 species distributed from India to Southeast Asia and New Guinea.	Thrixspermum	genus
taxon rank	Timbellus phaneus, common name : the Phaneus Murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Timbellus phaneus	species
taxon rank	Allium petraeum is an Asian species of wild onion native to Xinjiang, Kyrgyzstan, and Kazakhstan.	Allium petraeum	species
taxon rank	Liangshanella is genus of Cambrian bradoriid known from the Chengjiang biota and Burgess Shale.	Liangshanella	genus
taxon rank	Papilio oribazus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in eastern Madagascar.	Papilio oribazus	species
taxon rank	Crataegus ater, known as the Nashville Hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn that grows as a shrub or tree, native to the Great Lakes region of North America.	Crataegus ater	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Eugraphosia rubrizonea, which is found in Peru.	Eugraphosia	species
taxon rank	Oophaga is a genus of poison-dart frogs containing nine species, many of which were formerly in the Dendrobates genus.	Oophaga	genus
taxon rank	Ephedra holoptera is a species of Ephedra that is native to Iran.	Ephedra holoptera	species
taxon rank	Gulella mayottensis was a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.	Gulella mayottensis	species
taxon rank	Zanha africana, Velvet-fruited zanha is a species of fruit plants from Sapindaceae family which can be found in Angola, Kenya, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is used as door frame and tool handles.	Zanha africana	species
taxon rank	Arrhoges occidentalis, common name the American pelicanfoot, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aporrhaidae, the pelican's foot snails or pelican's foot shells.	Arrhoges occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Platanthera orbiculata, the lesser roundleaved orchid, is a species of orchid native to forested areas of North America.	Platanthera orbiculata	species
taxon rank	Caloria is a genus of colorful sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs.	Caloria	genus
taxon rank	Globigerina is a genus of planktonic Foraminifera that have populated the world's oceans since the Late Eocene.	Globigerina	genus
taxon rank	Scarus is a genus of parrotfish.	Scarus	genus
taxon rank	Colanthelia is a genus of South American bamboo in the grass family, native to southern Brazil and northeastern Argentina.	Colanthelia	genus
taxon rank	Volucella zonaria, the hornet mimic hoverfly, is a European species of hoverfly.	Volucella zonaria	species
taxon rank	The Mutillidae are a family of more than 3,000 species of wasps (despite the names) whose wingless females resemble large, hairy ants.	Mutillidae	family
taxon rank	Edwardsiella tarda is also found in largemouth bass and freshwater species such as rainbow trout.	Edwardsiella tarda	species
taxon rank	It was described by Harrington in 1957, and the type species is Kanoshia kanoshensis, which was originally described under the genus Pseudomera by Hintze in 1953.	Kanoshia	genus
taxon rank	Psychroteuthis glacialis, the glacial squid, is the only known species in the monotypic genus Psychroteuthis, in the family Psychroteuthidae.	Psychroteuthis glacialis	species
taxon rank	Egernia kingii, King's skink, is a species of skink native to coastal regions of south-western Australia common on Rottnest Island and Penguin Island and some coastal areas with open forest and open heath.	Egernia kingii	species
taxon rank	Penthaleidae, also referred to as earth mites, are a family of mites that are major winter pests of a variety of crops and pastures in southern Australia.	Penthaleidae	family
taxon rank	Samoana hamadryas, common name the ``Polynesian tree snail'', is a species of tropical, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial, pulmonate, gastropod mollusc in the family Partulidae.	Samoana hamadryas	species
taxon rank	Perideridia oregana is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Oregon yampah and eppaw.	Perideridia oregana	species
taxon rank	Betula pubescens 'Pendula', or Weeping Downy Birch, is a weeping tree and a cultivar of Betula pubescens, the Downy Birch.	Betula pubescens 'Pendula'	cultivar
taxon rank	The Megaviridae are a proposed family of double-stranded DNA viruses that have not been recognized by the ICTV.	Megaviridae	family
taxon rank	Cyathea propinqua is a species of tree fern native to Fiji and possibly Samoa, where it grows in wet forest.	Cyathea propinqua	species
taxon rank	Voltziales is an extinct order of trees related to modern conifers.	Voltziales	order
taxon rank	Paracroton pendulus is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae that is endemic to Western Ghats of India and Sri Lanka.	Paracroton pendulus	species
taxon rank	Arabidopsis lyrata is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae, closely related to the model organism Arabidopsis thaliana.	Arabidopsis lyrata	species
taxon rank	Stichopogon is a genus of small robber flies of the subfamily Dasypogoninae.	Stichopogon	genus
taxon rank	The Spurrell's free-tailed bat (Mops spurrelli) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae named after Herbert George Flaxman Spurrell.	Spurrell's free-tailed bat	species
taxon rank	Draba serpentina is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name serpentine draba.	Draba serpentina	species
taxon rank	Larix decidua, common name European larch, is a species of larch native to the mountains of central Europe, in the Alps and Carpathian Mountains, with disjunct lowland populations in northern Poland and southern Lithuania.	Larix decidua	species
taxon rank	Pristimantis acerus (common name: Papallacta robber frog) is a frog species from South America.	Pristimantis acerus	species
taxon rank	Orthochromis machadoi, the Cunene dwarf happy, is a species of cichlid native to Angola and Namibia, where it is known from the Cunene River system.	Orthochromis machadoi	species
taxon rank	Malacoctenus margaritae, the Margarita blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Central America from Costa Rica to Panama.	Malacoctenus margaritae	species
taxon rank	Lippia alba is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family, Verbenaceae, that is native to southern Texas in the United States, Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, and South America.	Lippia alba	species
taxon rank	Benthodorbis pawpela is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Glacidorbidae.	Benthodorbis pawpela	species
taxon rank	Uenanthracus perigonoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Uenanthracus.	Uenanthracus	species
taxon rank	Tagetes micrantha is a North American species wild marigolds within the daisy family (Asteraceae), common name licorice marigold.	Tagetes micrantha	species
taxon rank	Maotianoascus octonarius is an extinct species of stem-group ctenophore, known from the Chinese Maotianshan shales of Yunnan.	Maotianoascus	species
taxon rank	Hypolysia usambarica is a species of small tropical air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.	Hypolysia usambarica	species
taxon rank	Aphaenogaster sommerfeldti is an extinct species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae known from a group of Middle Eocene fossils found in Europe.	Aphaenogaster sommerfeldti	species
taxon rank	Athyrium filix-femina (lady fern or common lady-fern) is a large, feathery species of fern native throughout most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere, where it is often abundant (one of the more common ferns) in damp, shady woodland environments and is often grown for decoration.	Athyrium filix-femina	species
taxon rank	Bulis bivittata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Bulis.	Bulis	species
taxon rank	Gagea peduncularis is a Mediterranean plant species in the lily family.	Gagea peduncularis	species
taxon rank	Farriolla is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.	Farriolla	genus
taxon rank	Mimulus moschatus is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name muskflower.	Mimulus moschatus	species
taxon rank	Schnusimyia parvula is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Schnusimyia of the family Ulidiidae.	Schnusimyia parvula	species
taxon rank	The Tettigarctidae, also known as the hairy cicadas, are a small relict (mostly extinct) family of primitive cicadas, containing a single genus Tettigarcta, with two extant species, one in southern Australia (Tettigarcta crinita), and the other in Tasmania (Tettigarcta tomentosa).	Tettigarctidae	genus
taxon rank	Lobiger viridis is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Oxynoidae.	Lobiger viridis	species
taxon rank	The Mount Cameroon forest shrew (Sylvisorex morio) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae endemic to Cameroon.	Mount Cameroon forest shrew	species
taxon rank	Penicillium purpurescens is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in Canada.	Penicillium purpurescens	species
taxon rank	Schultzites axelrodi is a species of characin endemic to Colombia, where it is found in the upper Meta River basin.	Schultzites axelrodi	species
taxon rank	Miomantis ehrenbergi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea, in Africa.	Miomantis ehrenbergi	species
taxon rank	Pelvicachromis taeniatus is a species of cichlid from Cameroon and Nigeria that is occasionally kept as an aquarium fish.	Pelvicachromis taeniatus	species
taxon rank	Leach orchids (genus Stelis) is a large group of orchids, with perhaps 500 species.	Stelis	genus
taxon rank	Lapparentosaurus is a genus of macronarian sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic.	Lapparentosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Gigantspinosaurus (meaning ``giant-spined lizard'') is a genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur from the Late Jurassic.	Gigantspinosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cirsium perplexans is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Rocky Mountain thistle and Adobe Hills thistle.	Cirsium perplexans	species
taxon rank	Thecideida is an order of cryptic articulate brachiopods characterized by their small size and habit of cementing their ventral valves to hard substrates such as shells, rocks and carbonate hardgrounds.	Thecideida	order
taxon rank	Poposauridae is a family of large (around 2.5 to 5 meters long) carnivorous archosaurs which lived alongside dinosaurs during the Late Triassic.	Poposauridae	family
taxon rank	Lysimachia pendens is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae known by the common name broad-leaf yellow loosestrife.	Lysimachia pendens	species
taxon rank	Sinocyclocheilus huanglongdongensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China.	Sinocyclocheilus huanglongdongensis	species
taxon rank	Advena charon is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helicarionidae.	Advena charon	species
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis pulchra is a species of praying mantis native to Ivory Coast, Ghana, Cameroon, Congo basin, and Sierra Leone.	Amorphoscelis pulchra	species
taxon rank	Dendrochilum magnum is a species of orchid, commonly known as the Large Dendrochilum, endemic to Philippines.	Dendrochilum magnum	species
taxon rank	Virgatosphinctes is an extinct genus of ammonites, which lived in the Tithonian stage of the Jurassic period, from 150.8 to 140.2 Ma .	Virgatosphinctes	genus
taxon rank	Mecopodinae is a subfamily of katydids, containing the following genera:	Mecopodinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Pardosa thorelli is a wolf spider species found in Norway.	Pardosa thorelli	species
taxon rank	Cyanea hamatiflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name wetforest cyanea.	Cyanea hamatiflora	species
taxon rank	The Iris Sawfly, Rhadinoceraea micans, is a species of sawfly in the family Tenthredinidae.	Rhadinoceraea micans	species
taxon rank	The type species is Texacephale langstoni; its fossils were discovered in the Aguja Formation and described in 2010 by Longrich, Sankey and Tanke.	Texacephale	species
taxon rank	Due to reclassification, Lactarius theiogalus is now considered to be a synonym of Lactarius tabidus, and the binomials Lactarius hepaticus and Lactarius chrysorrheus have been assigned to different Lactarius species.	Lactarius tabidus	species
taxon rank	The Chelydridae are a family of turtles which has seven extinct and two extant genera.	Chelydridae	family
taxon rank	Fissidens polypodioides is a species of moss first classified by Johannes Hedwig.	Fissidens polypodioides	species
taxon rank	Renalia is a genus of extinct vascular plants from the Early Devonian (around 420 to 390 million years ago).	Renalia	genus
taxon rank	Paschalococos disperta (Rapa Nui palm or Easter Island palm), formerly Jubaea disperta, was the native cocoid palm species of Easter Island.	Paschalococos	species
taxon rank	Taurocottus bergii is a species of sculpin native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	Taurocottus bergii	species
taxon rank	Vanstraelenia chirophthalma, the African solenette, is a species of sole native to the Atlantic coast of Africa where it is found from Guinea-Bissau south to Angola.	Vanstraelenia chirophthalma	species
taxon rank	Euspira nitida (common name : Common necklace shell) is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Euspira nitida	species
taxon rank	Hyophorbe vaughanii is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family that is endemic to Mauritius.	Hyophorbe vaughanii	species
taxon rank	Barbus ethiopicus is a species of ray-finned fish.	Barbus ethiopicus	species
taxon rank	Calvatia oblongispora is a species of puffball from the genus Calvatia.	Calvatia oblongispora	species
taxon rank	Pancratium maritimum, or sea daffodil, is a species of bulbous plant native to both sides of the Mediterranean region and Black Sea from Portugal, Morocco and the Canary Islands east to Turkey, Syria, Israel and the Caucasus.	Pancratium maritimum	species
taxon rank	Bihariosaurus (meaning ``Bihor lizard'') was a genus of camptosaurid dinosaur from Late Cretaceous Romania.	Bihariosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Liolaemus atacamensis (Atacama tree iguana) is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus atacamensis	species
taxon rank	Pasquiaornis is a prehistoric flightless bird genus from the Late Cretaceous.	Pasquiaornis	genus
taxon rank	Tympanopalpus dorsalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tympanopalpus.	Tympanopalpus dorsalis	species
taxon rank	Eugnosta erigeronana, the Fleabane Cochylid Moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Eugnosta erigeronana	species
taxon rank	Tachopteryx thoreyi, commonly known as the gray petaltail and Thorey's grayback, is a species of dragonfly.	Tachopteryx thoreyi	species
taxon rank	The Sapygidae are a family of solitary aculeate wasps.	Sapygidae	family
taxon rank	Nepenthes veitchii (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈveɪtʃi.aɪ/ or /ˈviːtʃi.aɪ/; after James Veitch, nurseryman of the Veitch Nurseries), or Veitch's Pitcher-Plant, is a Nepenthes species from the island of Borneo.	Nepenthes veitchii	species
taxon rank	Chrysostoma paradoxum, common name the orange-mouthed top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Chrysostoma paradoxum	species
taxon rank	Caprellidae is a family of amphipods commonly known as skeleton shrimps.	Caprellidae	family
taxon rank	Ophthalmocydrus semiorbifer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ophthalmocydrus.	Ophthalmocydrus semiorbifer	species
taxon rank	Paracanthocobitis urophthalma, also known as the banded mountain zipper loach, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis.	Paracanthocobitis urophthalma	species
taxon rank	Malapterurus teugelsi is a species of electric catfish endemic to Guinea where it occurs in the Kogon River.	Malapterurus teugelsi	species
taxon rank	Proctonotidae is a family of sea slugs, nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs, in the clade Euthyneura.	Proctonotidae	family
taxon rank	The Bioko forest shrew or Isabella's shrew (Sylvisorex isabellae) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea.	Bioko forest shrew	species
taxon rank	Kermes vermilio is one of the species of Kermes used to make the crimson dye also called kermes.	Kermes vermilio	species
taxon rank	Nosferatu pantostictus, the Chairel cichlid, is a species of cichlid native to the Panuco River drainage of Mexico's Atlantic coast where it is mostly found in moderately fast flowing rivers, slightly brackish, murky lakes and lagoons along the coast.	Nosferatu pantostictus	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum gossypinum is an uncommon species of wild buckwheat known by the common name cottony buckwheat.	Eriogonum gossypinum	species
taxon rank	Arunta is a genus of cicada in the thophini tribe of the Cicadinae subfamily and is allied to the genus Thopha.	Arunta	genus
taxon rank	Commersonia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Malvaceae.	Commersonia	genus
taxon rank	Calycularia is the only genus of liverwort in the family Calyculariaceae.	Calycularia	genus
taxon rank	The Rayed Bean, scientific name Villosa fabalis, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Villosa fabalis	species
taxon rank	Sphaerobambos is a genus of Southeast Asian bamboo, in the grass family.	Sphaerobambos	genus
taxon rank	Some authors treat Xestia apropitia as a valid species, while Mikkola, Lafontaine and Kononenko (1996) placed it as a subspecies of Xestia speciosa.	Xestia speciosa	species
taxon rank	Fasciculus vesanus is an extinct species of stem-group ctenophore, known from the Canadian Burgess Shale of British Columbia.	Fasciculus	species
taxon rank	Arenga micrantha, also known as the Tibetan Sugar Palm, is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae (Palm) family, found in the Cloud forests of Tibet, Bhutan, and North-East India.	Arenga micrantha	species
taxon rank	Indohyus (``India's pig'') is a genus of extinct digitigrade artiodactyl known from Eocene fossils in Asia.	Indohyus	genus
taxon rank	Mylossoma duriventre, the silver mylossoma, is a species of freshwater serrasalmid fish endemic to tropical South America.	Mylossoma duriventre	species
taxon rank	Hucho is a genus of large salmonids from Eurasia.	Hucho	genus
taxon rank	Chondrostoma orientale is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Chondrostoma.	Chondrostoma orientale	species
taxon rank	Lycoperdon perlatum, popularly known as the common puffball, warted puffball, gem-studded puffball, or the devil's snuff-box, is a species of puffball fungus in the family Agaricaceae.	Lycoperdon perlatum	species
taxon rank	Aletris bracteata, Bracted Unicorn Root or Bahamian Unicorn Root is a plant species native to southern Florida (Monroe and Miami-Dade Counties) and to the Bahamas (Andros and Abaco Islands).	Aletris bracteata	species
taxon rank	Pseudolaureola atlantica, or the Spiky Yellow Woodlouse is a species of woodlouse endemic to St. Helena's High Peak.	Pseudolaureola atlantica	species
taxon rank	Anacantha is a group of thistles in the daisy family, first described as a genus in 1956 with the name Modestia.	Anacantha	genus
taxon rank	Leachia is a genus containing six species of glass squids.	Leachia	genus
taxon rank	The family contains the single genus Sclerogaster, which contains 10 species found in Europe and America.	Sclerogaster	genus
taxon rank	Adenanthos glabrescens is a species of small shrub endemic to the Ravensthorpe area in southwest Western Australia.	Adenanthos glabrescens	species
taxon rank	Purpureostemon is a genus of plant in the myrtle family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1939.	Purpureostemon	genus
taxon rank	Hypsoblennius brevipinnis, the Barnaclebill blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Hypsoblennius brevipinnis	species
taxon rank	Pyrus salicifolia is a species of pear, native to the Middle East.	Pyrus salicifolia	species
taxon rank	Cytidia salicina commonly known as Scarlet Splash is a species of Fungus that is found growing on willows and other deciduous woody plants in Europe.	Cytidia salicina	species
taxon rank	Synodontis velifer is a species of upside-down catfish native to Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast and Ghana where it can be found in the Pra River and the Sassandra, Bandama and Volta basins.	Synodontis velifer	species
taxon rank	Cryptocoryne (water trumpet) is a genus of aquatic monocot plants from the family Araceae (arums).	Cryptocoryne	genus
taxon rank	Pogonocherus hispidulus, the Greater Thorn-tipped Longhorn Beetle, is a species of flat-faced longhorns beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Pogonocherus hispidulus	species
taxon rank	Speleomantes, the European cave salamanders, is a genus of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae, commonly known as the lungless salamanders.	Speleomantes	genus
taxon rank	Gonolabina is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae.	Gonolabina	genus
taxon rank	Digitalis laevigata, common name Grecian Foxglove or Giraffe Foxglove, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Digitalis, in the family Plantaginaceae.	Digitalis laevigata	species
taxon rank	Harperocallis flava, known by the common name Harper's beauty, is a species endemic to Florida in the United States, where it is known mainly from the Apalachicola National Forest in the Panhandle.	Harperocallis flava	species
taxon rank	Boreaspis (``Boreas' Shield'') is an extinct genus of primitive jawless fish that lived in the Devonian period.	Boreaspis	genus
taxon rank	Cantuaria dendyi is a species of trapdoor spider in the family Idiopidae.	Cantuaria dendyi	species
taxon rank	Erosaria lamarckii, common name the Lamarck's cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erosaria lamarckii	species
taxon rank	Isochaetes is a genus of Limacodid moths.	Isochaetes	genus
taxon rank	Chamaedorea elegans, the neanthe bella palm or parlour palm, is species of small palm tree native to the rainforests in Southern Mexico and Guatemala.	Chamaedorea elegans	species
taxon rank	Sibbaldia procumbens is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name creeping sibbaldia.	Sibbaldia procumbens	species
taxon rank	Acanthochaenus luetkenii, the pricklefish, is a species of pricklefish found in the oceans at depths of from 1,655 to 5,397 metres (5,430 to 17,707 ft).	Acanthochaenus luetkenii	species
taxon rank	Furcodontichthys novaesi is the only species of the monotypic genus Furcodontichthys, a genus of armored catfish.	Furcodontichthys novaesi	species
taxon rank	Allium subvillosum, Spring Garlic, is a European and North African species of wild onion native to southern Spain, the Balearic Islands, southern Portugal, Sicily and northern Africa (Libya, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, the Azores, and the Canary Islands).	Allium subvillosum	species
taxon rank	Propleopus is an extinct genus of marsupials.	Propleopus	genus
taxon rank	Dioscorea bulbifera, the air potato, is a species of true yam in the yam family, Dioscoreaceae.	Dioscorea bulbifera	species
taxon rank	Penicillus capitatus is a species of green algae.	Penicillus capitatus	species
taxon rank	Benthoctopus is a genus of octopuses comprising around 25 species.	Benthoctopus	genus
taxon rank	The Cliopsidae, common name sea angels, are a taxonomic family of small, free-swimming sea slugs, pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the order Opisthobranchia.	Cliopsidae	family
taxon rank	Touchardia latifolia, commonly known as olonā in Hawaiian, is a species of flowering shrub in the nettle family, Urticaceae.	Touchardia latifolia	species
taxon rank	Gastroptychus is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Chirostylidae, containing the following species:	Gastroptychus	genus
taxon rank	Scapanops is an extinct genus of dissorophid temnospondyl amphibian known from the Early Permian Nocona Formation of north-central Texas, USA.	Scapanops	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium hordei is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces corymbiferone and roquefortine C.	Penicillium hordei	species
taxon rank	Caledoconcha carnosa is a species of snail of the family Hydrobiidae.	Caledoconcha carnosa	species
taxon rank	Serrasalmus geryi (violet line piranha or Gery's piranha) is a species of fish found in the lower Tocantins and Araguaia Rivers of Brazil.	Serrasalmus geryi	species
taxon rank	Oryctopleura arcuatalis is a moth of the family Pyralidae, and the only species in the genus Oryctopleura.	Oryctopleura arcuatalis	species
taxon rank	Ilex palawanica is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family.	Ilex palawanica	species
taxon rank	Albertoceras is an Early Ordovician ellesmoeroceratid genus with a small, slender, orthoconic to slightly endogastric shell; some even tiny.	Albertoceras	genus
taxon rank	The Northern Sumatran rhinoceros (Dicerorhinus sumatrensis lasiotis), also known as Chittagong rhinoceros or northern hairy rhinoceros was the most widespread subspecies of Sumatran rhinoceros, also the only known subspecies native to mainland Asia whilst the latter live in Indonesian islands.	Northern Sumatran rhinoceros	subspecies
taxon rank	Tetragnatha is a genus of spiders containing hundreds of species.	Tetragnatha	genus
taxon rank	With a length of 1.6 metres (5 ft 4 in), Kvabebihyrax was much larger than modern hyraxes, comparable in size to larger species of the Paleogene genus Titanohyrax.	Kvabebihyrax	genus
taxon rank	Nolina cismontana, the chaparral beargrass, chaparral nolina, California beargrass, Peninsular beargrass, or peninsular nolina, is a rare species of flowering plant of the Peninsular and Transverse Ranges in California.	Nolina cismontana	species
taxon rank	Galathea squamifera, the black squat lobster, or Montagu's plated lobster, is a species of squat lobster that lives in the north-east Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.	Galathea squamifera	species
taxon rank	Vespula flaviceps is a species of social wasp in the genus Vespula.	Vespula flaviceps	species
taxon rank	Bangasternus orientalis is a species of true weevil known as the yellow starthistle bud weevil.	Bangasternus orientalis	species
taxon rank	Neocrepidodera peirolerii is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Austria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, France, Germany, Italy, Liechtenstein, Macedonia, Slovenia, and Switzerland.	Neocrepidodera peirolerii	species
taxon rank	Ochetellus epinotalis is a species of ant in the genus Ochetellus.	Ochetellus epinotalis	species
taxon rank	Prunum amygdalum, common name : the almond marginella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Prunum amygdalum	species
taxon rank	The group was originally defined as a superfamily by L. D. Boonstra in 1962 to include the families Brithopodidae and Anteosauridae.	Anteosaur	superfamily
taxon rank	Urocoras munieri is a funnel weaver spider species found in Italy, Slovenia and Croatia.	Urocoras munieri	species
taxon rank	Strain VK of Bacillus safensis is a salt-tolerant microbe, and can grow beyond the 0-10% salt range for the general microbial species.	Bacillus safensis	species
taxon rank	Mangifera rubropetala was a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.	Mangifera rubropetala	species
taxon rank	Hoffmann's pika (Ochotona hoffmanni) is a species of mammal in the pika family, Ochotonidae, that is endemic to Mongolia.	Hoffmann's pika	species
taxon rank	Languriomorpha bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Languriomorpha.	Languriomorpha bicolor	species
taxon rank	Hylaeamys megacephalus, also known as Azara's broad-headed oryzomys or the large-headed rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Hylaeamys of family Cricetidae, of which it is the type species.	Hylaeamys megacephalus	species
taxon rank	Decachorda pomona is a species of moth of the family Saturniidae.	Decachorda pomona	species
taxon rank	Synodontis vaillanti is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Central African Republic, where it is known only from the upper Ubangui River in the central Congo River basin.	Synodontis vaillanti	species
taxon rank	Achatella is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Ontario, Canada.	Achatella	genus
taxon rank	The Scottish crossbill was confirmed as a unique species in August 2006, on the basis of having a distinctive bird song.	Scottish crossbill	species
taxon rank	Triodanis biflora (syn. Specularia biflora) is a species of flowering plant native to the Americas and known commonly as small Venus' looking-glass.	Triodanis biflora	species
taxon rank	Ericameria compacta, Charleston Mountain goldenbush, is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Ericameria compacta	species
taxon rank	Pterygodermatites ondatrae is a species of parasitic nematode in the genus Pterygodermatites.	Pterygodermatites ondatrae	species
taxon rank	Colpomenia sinuosa, the oyster thief or sinuous ballweed, is a brown alga species in the genus Colpomenia.	Colpomenia sinuosa	species
taxon rank	Tracheliastes is a genus of parasitic copepods, containing the following species:	Tracheliastes	genus
taxon rank	Nannacara aureocephalus is a species of cichlid endemic to French Guiana in South America where it occurs in the Approuague River basin.	Nannacara aureocephalus	species
taxon rank	Penicillium gorlenkoanum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citrinin, costaclavine and epicostaclavine.	Penicillium gorlenkoanum	species
taxon rank	Cheilosia albipila is a European and Asian species of hoverfly.	Cheilosia albipila	species
taxon rank	Espostoa is a genus of columnar cacti, comprising 16 species known from the Andes of southern Ecuador and Peru.	Espostoa	genus
taxon rank	Procambarus liberorum is a species of crayfish endemic to Arkansas and Oklahoma.	Procambarus liberorum	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe xanti is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Riverside spineflower.	Chorizanthe xanti	species
taxon rank	Ischnura posita, the fragile forktail, is a species of damselfly in the genus Ischnura.	Ischnura posita	species
taxon rank	Pseudocyphellaria is a genus of large, leafy lichens that are sometimes referred to as ``specklebelly'' lichens.	Pseudocyphellaria	genus
taxon rank	Ghilianella phasma is a species of assassin bug in the subfamily Emesinae.	Ghilianella phasma	species
taxon rank	The type species, Rocasaurus muniozi, was formally described by Salgado and Azpilicueta in 2000.	Rocasaurus	species
taxon rank	Rhamnus globosa, the lokao, is a species of plant in the Rhamnaceae family.	Rhamnus globosa	species
taxon rank	Malleidae, or the hammer oysters, is a family of saltwater clams.	Malleidae	family
taxon rank	Quercus tarahumara (also called Tarahumara oak) is a species of trees in the beech family.	Quercus tarahumara	species
taxon rank	Lycopodium dendroideum, tree groundpine, is a North American species of clubmoss.	Lycopodium dendroideum	species
taxon rank	Pseudophichthys splendens, or the Purple-mouthed conger is a species of eel in the family Congridae.	Pseudophichthys splendens	species
taxon rank	Cephalomyidae is an extinct family of caviomorph rodents from South America.	Cephalomyidae	family
taxon rank	Staphylococcus lutrae is a species of Gram-positive bacteria and a member of the genus Staphylococcus.	Staphylococcus lutrae	species
taxon rank	The Jamaican pewee (Contopus pallidus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Jamaican pewee	species
taxon rank	Nemotelus nigrinus, the all-black snout, is a European species of soldier fly.	Nemotelus nigrinus	species
taxon rank	Asperula arvensis, known as blue woodruff, is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Asperula arvensis	species
taxon rank	Ribes magellanicum is a South American species of shrubs in the currant family, found in Patagonia (southern Chile and Argentina).	Ribes magellanicum	species
taxon rank	Sciades parkeri, the Gillbacker sea catfish, is a species of sea catfish found in coastal rivers in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname and Venezuela.	Sciades parkeri	species
taxon rank	Copadichromis is a genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in Eastern Africa.	Copadichromis	genus
taxon rank	Erica cabernetea is a plant species endemic to a small region in the Western Cape Province of South Africa.	Erica cabernetea	species
taxon rank	Mimosophronica rufula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimosophronica.	Mimosophronica rufula	species
taxon rank	Lindbergella is a genus of plants in the grass family, found only on the Island of Cyprus in the Mediterranean.	Lindbergella	genus
taxon rank	Alticus anjouanae is a species of combtooth blenny (family Blenniidae) in the genus Alticus.	Alticus anjouanae	species
taxon rank	Protocaptorhinus is an extinct genus of Early Permian (Cisuralian epoch captorinid) known from Texas of the United States.	Protocaptorhinus	genus
taxon rank	Ormocarpopsis is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family, and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Dalbergia clade of the Dalbergieae.	Ormocarpopsis	genus
taxon rank	Scytalichthys miurus, the Short-tailed viper-eel, is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae.	Scytalichthys miurus	species
taxon rank	Priscilla hypsiomoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Priscilla.	Priscilla hypsiomoides	species
taxon rank	Punctaconchus is a genus of microconchid tubeworms.	Punctaconchus	genus
taxon rank	Megamastax is a genus of lobe-finned fish which lived during the late Silurian period, about 423 million years ago.	Megamastax	genus
taxon rank	Campylonotoidea is a superfamily of shrimp, containing the two families Campylonotidae and Bathypalaemonellidae.	Campylonotoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Hebe speciosa is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names New Zealand hebe, showy hebe, and showy-speedwell.	Hebe speciosa	species
taxon rank	Dactylomys is the genus of South American bamboo rats or coro-coros.	Dactylomys	genus
taxon rank	Haliotis varia, common name the variable abalone or the common ear shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis varia	species
taxon rank	Handleyomys intectus, also known as the white-footed Handley's mouse or Colombian rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae.	Handleyomys intectus	species
taxon rank	Amphiura filiformis is a species of brittle star belonging to the family Amphiuridae.	Amphiura filiformis	species
taxon rank	Mesopsocus graecus is a species of Psocoptera from Mesopsocidae family that can be found in Cyprus, Greece, and North Aegean islands.	Mesopsocus graecus	species
taxon rank	Musa jackeyi (Johnstone River banana) is a species of wild banana (genus Musa).	Musa jackeyi	species
taxon rank	Hymenophyllum megistocarpum is a species of fern in the family Hymenophyllaceae.	Hymenophyllum megistocarpum	species
taxon rank	Erythronium helenae is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common names Pacific fawn lily and St. Helena fawn lily.	Erythronium helenae	species
taxon rank	The Lilian's lovebird (Agapornis lilianae), also known as Nyasa lovebird, is a small African parrot species of the lovebird genus.	Lilian's lovebird	species
taxon rank	Pseudonaja is a genus of venomous elapid snakes native to Australia.	Pseudonaja	genus
taxon rank	Plagiobothrys fulvus is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names field popcornflower or fulvous popcornflower.	Plagiobothrys fulvus	species
taxon rank	Ameles heldreichi is a species of praying mantis that lives in France, Italy, Spain, Croatia, Greece, Israel, Libya, Palestine, Turkey, and Cyprus.	Ameles heldreichi	species
taxon rank	The Sunda pangolin (Manis javanica), also known as the Malayan or Javan pangolin, is a species of pangolin found in Southeast Asia, including Thailand, Indonesia (Java, Sumatra, Borneo, and the Lesser Sunda Islands), Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Malaysia, and Singapore.	Sunda pangolin	species
taxon rank	Pseudolithoxus is a genus of suckermouth armored catfishes native to South America where it is only found in Venezuela.	Pseudolithoxus	genus
taxon rank	Lotosaurus is an extinct genus of sail-backed poposauroid known from Hunan Province of central China.	Lotosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Krzyzanowskisaurus is the name given to a genus of archosaur from the Late Triassic.	Krzyzanowskisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Luzula piperi, commonly known as Piper's woodrush is a perennial species of plant in the genus Luzula of the (rush) family Juncaceae.	Luzula piperi	species
taxon rank	Calystegia macrostegia, with the common names island false bindweed' and island morning glory, is a species of morning glory in the Convolvulaceae family.	Calystegia macrostegia	species
taxon rank	Draco maculatus, commonly known as the spotted flying dragon, is a species of agamid flying lizard endemic to Southeast Asia.	Draco maculatus	species
taxon rank	Toona calantas is a species of tree in the mahogany family.	Toona calantas	species
taxon rank	Illex argentinus, commonly known as the Argentine shortfin squid, is a species of squid in the family Ommastrephidae.	Illex argentinus	species
taxon rank	Oophytum is a genus of succulent plants native to South Africa.	Oophytum	genus
taxon rank	Derodontidae is a family of beetles, in its own superfamily, Derodontoidea, sometimes known as the tooth-necked fungus beetles.	Derodontidae	family
taxon rank	Oligonicella bolliana is a species of praying mantis.	Oligonicella bolliana	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus redunca, the black marlock, black-barked marlock, wandoo or myrtan, is a tree species in the genus Eucalyptus.	Eucalyptus redunca	species
taxon rank	Hypsoblennius proteus, the Socorro blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Pacific ocean, around the Revillagigedo Islands.	Hypsoblennius proteus	species
taxon rank	Hippoglossoides is a genus of righteye flounders native to the North Pacific and North Atlantic oceans.	Hippoglossoides	genus
taxon rank	Neocogniauxia hexaptera is a species of orchid in the subfamily Epidendroideae.	Neocogniauxia hexaptera	species
taxon rank	Anhinga species are found all over the world in warm shallow waters.	Anhinga	species
taxon rank	Phacellocera plumicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Phacellocera.	Phacellocera plumicornis	species
taxon rank	Afrodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps.	Afrodynerus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Globonectria cochensis.	Globonectria	species
taxon rank	Cerithiopsis fusiformis is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea.	Cerithiopsis fusiformis	species
taxon rank	Anomiopus caputipilus is a species of true dung beetle that is endemic to Goiás and Mato Grosso in Brazil.	Anomiopus caputipilus	species
taxon rank	Schizocyathidae is a family of stony corals.	Schizocyathidae	family
taxon rank	Cyanea shipmanii is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Shipman's cyanea.	Cyanea shipmanii	species
taxon rank	Citrullus is a genus of seven species of desert vines, among which Citrullus lanatus (the watermelon) is an important crop.	Citrullus	genus
taxon rank	Copromorphidae, the ``tropical fruitworm moths'' is a family of insects in the lepidopteran order.	Copromorphidae	family
taxon rank	The Dermateaceae is a family of cup fungi.	Dermateaceae	family
taxon rank	Lathyrus vestitus is a species of wild pea known by the common name Pacific pea.	Lathyrus vestitus	species
taxon rank	Macrarene californica, common name the Californian liotia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.	Macrarene californica	species
taxon rank	Lophiomus setigerus, the Blackmouth angler, is a species of goosefish found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans where it occurs at depths of from 30 to 800 metres (98 to 2,625 ft).	Lophiomus setigerus	species
taxon rank	Lasiancistrus caucanus is a species of armored catfish native to Panama and Colombia.	Lasiancistrus caucanus	species
taxon rank	Hammatoceratoidea, formerly Hammatocerataceae is a superfamily of middle Jurassic ammonites (order Ammonitida), erected by Schindewolf (1964) that combines the families Graphoceratidae, Hammatoceratidae, and Soninniidae.	Hammatoceratoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Vicia hirsuta (Hairy Tare, hairy vetch, tiny vetch) is a species of flowering plant from the large genus Vicia.	Vicia hirsuta	species
taxon rank	Thunbergia laurifolia, the laurel clockvine or blue trumpet vine, is native to India (Starr et al., 2003) and the Indomalaya ecozone, the species occurs from Indochina to Malaysia (Schonenberger, 1999).	Thunbergia laurifolia	species
taxon rank	Chaetostoma lexa is a species of armored catfish only known from streams and rivers that feed into the Huallaga River near Tingo María, Leoncio Prado Province, Peru.	Chaetostoma lexa	species
taxon rank	Hemiscyllium michaeli, (leopard epaulette shark), is a species of bamboo shark in the genus Hemiscyllium.	Hemiscyllium michaeli	species
taxon rank	Gnaphosa mcheidzeae is a ground spider species found in Georgia.	Gnaphosa mcheidzeae	species
taxon rank	Brancasaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Early Cretaceous of what is now Germany.	Brancasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Aparallactus guentheri, or the black centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.	Aparallactus guentheri	species
taxon rank	The sole species is Ammandra decasperma, although another species name has been proposed.	Ammandra	species
taxon rank	Another proposal is to group Discicristata with Jakobida into Discoba superphylum.	Discicristata	superphylum
taxon rank	Platygillellus rubellulus, the Shortfin sand stargazer, is a species of sand stargazer endemic native to the waters around the Galapagos Islands where it prefers to live in areas of fine-grained sediments at depths of from 0 to 20 metres (0 to 66 ft).	Platygillellus rubellulus	species
taxon rank	Apterichtus gracilis is a species of snake eel native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean off the coast of western Africa.	Apterichtus gracilis	species
taxon rank	Clupisoma is a genus of catfish in the family Ailiidae native to Asia.	Clupisoma	genus
taxon rank	Daphnia pulex (D. pulex) is the most common species of water flea.	Daphnia pulex	species
taxon rank	Acrocomia hassleri is a species of palm which is native to southern Brazil (State of Mato Grosso do Sul) and Paraguay.	Acrocomia hassleri	species
taxon rank	Panicum coloratum is a species of grass known by the common names kleingrass, blue panicgrass (USA), white buffalograss (southern Africa);	Panicum coloratum	species
taxon rank	Filopaludina is a genus of freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Viviparidae.	Filopaludina	genus
taxon rank	The Philip Island Hibiscus (Hibiscus insularis) is a species of hibiscus that is endemic to Phillip Island, a small island to the south of Norfolk Island.	Hibiscus insularis	species
taxon rank	Polymorphida are an order of thorny-headed worms (phylum Acanthocephala).	Polymorphida	order
taxon rank	Hakea sericea, commonly known as Needlebush or Silky Hakea, is a large species of shrub native to Australia.	Hakea sericea	species
taxon rank	Derhamia hoffmannorum is a species of freshwater fish endemic to Guyana, where it is found in the Mazaruni River.	Derhamia hoffmannorum	species
taxon rank	Picoliva ryalli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Picoliva ryalli	species
taxon rank	Litoria bibonius is a species of amphibian of the family Hylidae.	Litoria bibonius	species
taxon rank	Astacoides betsileoensis is a species of crayfish in the family Parastacidae.	Astacoides betsileoensis	species
taxon rank	Microcybe multiflora is a small shrub species in the family Rutaceae.	Microcybe multiflora	species
taxon rank	Liopropoma rubre also known as the Peppermint bass is an uncommon basslet species that is collected from deeper Atlantic reef areas.	Liopropoma rubre	species
taxon rank	Parasphaerorthoceras is an extinct orthocerid genus, a nautiloid cephalopod, that lived in what would be Europe and north Africa during the Silurian from 422.9--418.1 mya, having existed for approximately 4.8 million years.	Parasphaerorthoceras	genus
taxon rank	Dalbergia maritima is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family; it is commonly known as rosewood.	Dalbergia maritima	species
taxon rank	Poa leptocoma is a species of grass known by the common names marsh bluegrass and western bog bluegrass.	Poa leptocoma	species
taxon rank	Isocarpha atriplicifolia is a New World species of plants in the sunflower family.	Isocarpha atriplicifolia	species
taxon rank	Stackhousia minima is a perennial herb species in the family Celastraceae.	Stackhousia minima	species
taxon rank	Turbinaria reniformis, commonly known as yellow scroll coral, is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Dendrophylliidae.	Turbinaria reniformis	species
taxon rank	Synaptidae is a family of sea cucumber that have no tube feet, tentacle ampullae, retractor muscles, respiratory trees, or cuvierian organs.	Synaptidae	family
taxon rank	Nelson's spiny pocket mouse (Heteromys nelsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	Nelson's spiny pocket mouse	species
taxon rank	Androsace septentrionalis (pygmyflower rockjasmine, pygmy-flower rock-jasmine, northern rockjasmine, Northern fairy candelabra, Chinese: bei dian di mei) is a species of annual herbaceous plant in the Primrose family (Primulaceae), native to North America, Asia, and Europe.	Androsace septentrionalis	species
taxon rank	Liobranchia stria, the Minute clingfish, is a tiny species of clingfish native to reef environments around the island of Guam, the Marshall Islands and the Northern Marianas Islands.	Liobranchia stria	species
taxon rank	Rothia dentocariosa (previously known as Stomatococcus mucilaginosus) is a species of Gram-positive, round- to rod-shaped bacteria that is part of the normal community of microbes residing in the mouth and respiratory tract.	Rothia dentocariosa	species
taxon rank	Collocalia buday is an extinct species of large swiftlet from the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene of Australia.	Collocalia buday	species
taxon rank	Geitodoris rubens is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.	Geitodoris rubens	species
taxon rank	Vespericola armigera, common name the Santa Cruz hesperian, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.	Vespericola armigera	species
taxon rank	Aegrotocatellus is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Nunavut, Canada.	Aegrotocatellus	genus
taxon rank	Tectaria estremerana is a rare species of fern known by the common name Puerto Rico halberd fern.	Tectaria estremerana	species
taxon rank	The Vogelkop mountain rat (Rattus arfakienis) is a species of rat native to Indonesia.	Vogelkop mountain rat	species
taxon rank	Acantharctia is a genus of tiger moths in the Erebidae family, found in the Afrotropics.	Acantharctia	genus
taxon rank	Allium elmendorfii is a species of wild onion endemic to Texas.	Allium elmendorfii	species
taxon rank	Ptychohyla zophodes is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to the Atlantic slopes of northern Oaxaca, Mexico.	Ptychohyla zophodes	species
taxon rank	Paraclinus mexicanus, the Mexican blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to reefs of the Pacific coast of the Americas from Baja California, Mexico to Ecuador.	Paraclinus mexicanus	species
taxon rank	Saurosphargidae is an extinct family of marine reptiles known from the early Middle Triassic (Anisian stage) of Europe and China.	Saurosphargidae	family
taxon rank	Columelliaceae is a family of trees and shrubs native to the Andes of South America.	Columelliaceae	family
taxon rank	Acropora teres is a species of acroporid coral found in the central Indo-Pacific, Southeast Asia, Japan, the East China Sea and the oceanic western Pacific Ocean.	Acropora teres	species
taxon rank	Pleione formosana (Taiwan pleione or windowsill orchid) is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family, native to southeastern China as well as northern and central Taiwan.	Pleione formosana	species
taxon rank	Pseudotaeniotes mimus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudotaeniotes.	Pseudotaeniotes mimus	species
taxon rank	Carabus viridifossulatus is a species of black-coloured beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Gansu, Hubei, and Sichuan provinces of China.	Carabus viridifossulatus	species
taxon rank	Brachygalaxias gothei (known locally as puye) is a species of fish in the Galaxiidae family endemic to Chile.	Brachygalaxias gothei	species
taxon rank	Prosopis farcta, the Syrian mesquite, is a species of the genus Prosopis.	Prosopis farcta	species
taxon rank	Scyllarides herklotsii is a species of slipper lobster from the Atlantic coast West Africa.	Scyllarides herklotsii	species
taxon rank	Rhizopus is a genus of common saprophytic fungi on plants and specialized parasites on animals.	Rhizopus	genus
taxon rank	Festuca picturata is a species of grass which can be found in Central, Eastern and southeastern Europe.	Festuca picturata	species
taxon rank	Knema hookeriana (sometimes misspelled K. hookerana) is a species of plant in the family Myristicaceae.	Knema hookeriana	species
taxon rank	Diplopora oregonensis is a species of algae in the genus Diplopora in the family Diploporaceae.	Diplopora oregonensis	species
taxon rank	Gymnommopsis gagtea is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnommopsis of the family Tachinidae.	Gymnommopsis gagtea	species
taxon rank	Geranium subcaulescens (grey cranesbill) is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Geranium, Geraniaceae family.	Geranium subcaulescens	species
taxon rank	Astrolepis is a small genus of ferns in the family Pteridaceae.	Astrolepis	genus
taxon rank	Hypoatherina panatela also known as the Panatella silverside is a species of reef-dwelling silverside found in the southwest Pacific Ocean.	Hypoatherina panatela	species
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis javana is a species of praying mantis found in Java.	Amorphoscelis javana	species
taxon rank	Palpopleura lucia, the Lucia Widow, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Palpopleura lucia	species
taxon rank	Heteroclinus wilsoni, Wilson's weedfish, is a species of clinid found along the coast of southern Australia and Tasmania where it can be found in weedy reefs from the intertidal zone down to a depth of about 20 metres (66 ft).	Heteroclinus wilsoni	species
taxon rank	Sepia typica is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean and southeastern Atlantic Ocean.	Sepia typica	species
taxon rank	The superorder Peracarida is a large group of malacostracan crustaceans, having members in marine, freshwater, and terrestrial habitats.	Peracarida	superorder
taxon rank	Dasypyga independencia is a species of snout moth in the genus Dasypyga.	Dasypyga independencia	species
taxon rank	Acaulospora delicata is a species of fungus in the family Acaulosporaceae.	Acaulospora delicata	species
taxon rank	Omoglymmius solitarius is a species of beetle in the subfamily Rhysodidae (wrinkled bark beetles).	Omoglymmius solitarius	species
taxon rank	Cerithideopsilla incisa is a species of medium-sized sea snail or mud snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae, the horn snails.	Cerithideopsilla incisa	species
taxon rank	Boletus purpureus, commonly known as the purple boletus, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Boletus purpureus	species
taxon rank	Thiothrix is a genus of filamentous sulfur-oxidizing bacteria, related to the genera Beggiatoa and Thioploca.	Thiothrix	genus
taxon rank	Halicephalobus mephisto is a species of nematode, among a number of other roundworms, discovered by geoscientists Gaetan Borgonie and Tullis Onstott in 2011.	Halicephalobus mephisto	species
taxon rank	Erigeron lonchophyllus is an Asian and North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name shortray fleabane.	Erigeron lonchophyllus	species
taxon rank	Qianichthyosaurus is an extinct genus of Ichthyosaur from the late Triassic (Carnian) period.	Qianichthyosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Erethistoides cavatura is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to Nepal where it is found in the Rapi River system of Narayani River basin.	Erethistoides cavatura	species
taxon rank	Chamaerops is a genus of flowering plants in the family Arecaceae (palm family), comprising a single species Chamaerops humilis (European fan palm, Mediterranean dwarf palm or dwarf fan palm).	Chamaerops	species
taxon rank	Galium porrigens is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names graceful bedstraw and climbing bedstraw.	Galium porrigens	species
taxon rank	Arixenia camura is a species of earwigs, one of three species in the genus Arixenia.	Arixenia camura	species
taxon rank	Coriandrum is a genus of herbs in the Apiaceae family containing the cultivated species Coriandrum sativum (coriander) and the wild species Coriandrum tordylium.	Coriandrum	genus
taxon rank	Eriastrum is a genus of flowering plants in the phlox family which are known commonly as woollystars.	Eriastrum	genus
taxon rank	Parentelopes albomaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parentelopes.	Parentelopes albomaculatus	species
taxon rank	Acroeimeria is a genus of protozoan parasites that contains those parasites which initially develop immediately beneath the brush-border of the intestinal epithelium, but the meronts and gamonts of which are early on extruded to form a layer on the surface of the gut mucosa.	Acroeimeria	genus
taxon rank	Bulnesia carrapo is a species of plant in the Zygophyllaceae family.	Bulnesia carrapo	species
taxon rank	Gongylophis muelleri, known commonly as the Saharan sand boa, is a species of snake in the Boidae family.	Gongylophis muelleri	species
taxon rank	It is monotypic, including only the species Massisteria marina.	Massisteria	species
taxon rank	Fodiator is a genus of flying fishes.	Fodiator	genus
taxon rank	Labeobarbus intermedius intermedius is the only subspecies of Labeobarbus intermedius.	Labeobarbus intermedius intermedius	subspecies
taxon rank	Paramantis prasina is a praying mantis species in the genus Paramantis.	Paramantis prasina	species
taxon rank	Atopomyrmex is a small genus of arboreal ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Atopomyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Malawisaurus (meaning ``Malawi lizard'') was a genus of sauropod dinosaur (specifically a titanosaurid).	Malawisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Pachyiulus varius is a species of millipede from Julidae family that can be found in Bulgaria, France, Greece, Italy, Romania, all states of former Yugoslavia and various European islands.	Pachyiulus varius	species
taxon rank	Paspalidium caespitosum, commonly known as Brigalow grass, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family native to inland eastern Australia, where it is found in the Brigalow Belt.	Paspalidium caespitosum	species
taxon rank	Betta spilotogena is a species of gourami endemic to Indonesia where it is only known from the islands of Bintan and Singkep.	Betta spilotogena	species
taxon rank	Trichodes ornatus, commonly known as Ornate Checkered Beetle, is a beetle species of checkered beetles belonging to the family Cleridae, subfamily Clerinae which can be found only in North America.	Trichodes ornatus	species
taxon rank	Psednos carolinae is a species of snailfish only known from a single male specimen collected in mid-Indian Ocean in 1964.	Psednos carolinae	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Sclerocona acutella, which is found from Spain and Sicily north to Great Britain and Denmark and east to Siberia, Japan and China.	Sclerocona	species
taxon rank	Crimora lutea is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae.	Crimora lutea	species
taxon rank	Inodrillia aepynota is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.	Inodrillia aepynota	species
taxon rank	Sisyrinchium dichotomum is a rare species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common names wishbone blue-eyed grass, white irisette, and reflexed blue-eyed grass.	Sisyrinchium dichotomum	species
taxon rank	Allobates femoralis (common name brilliant-thighed poison frog, brilliant-thighed poison-arrow frog) is a species of frog in the family Aromobatidae.	Allobates femoralis	species
taxon rank	Chariesthoides bicornuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Chariesthoides.	Chariesthoides bicornuta	species
taxon rank	Oxynoemacheilus is a genus of stone loaches that are found in Europe and Western Asia.	Oxynoemacheilus	genus
taxon rank	Stuckenia vaginata (syn. Potamogeton vaginatus), commonly called sheathed pondweed, big sheathed pondweed or large-sheathed pondweed is a water plant species that grows in fresh and brackish water in Europe, Northern Asia (excluding China) and North America.	Stuckenia vaginata	species
taxon rank	Orchis provincialis, the Provence Orchid, is a species of orchid in the genus Orchis.	Orchis provincialis	species
taxon rank	Barbus microbarbis is an extinct species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Barbus microbarbis	species
taxon rank	Suggrundus is a genus of flatheads native to the eastern Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean.	Suggrundus	genus
taxon rank	Dipentodon is a genus of flowering plants in the family Dipentodontaceae.	Dipentodon	genus
taxon rank	Lilium speciosum is an East Asian species of plants in the lily family.	Lilium speciosum	species
taxon rank	Alectryon connatus, sometimes named hairy Alectryon, is a species of small trees, constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Alectryon connatus	species
taxon rank	The Cantabrian chamois (Rupicapra pyrenaica parva) is a slim mountain goat antelope, and is one of the 10 subspecies of the Rupicapra genus.	Cantabrian chamois	subspecies
taxon rank	Synaptotylus is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish from the Pennsylvanian.	Synaptotylus	genus
taxon rank	Helenium amarum is a species of annual herb in the daisy family known by the common names yellowdicks, yellow sneezeweed, fiveleaf sneezeweed, and bitter sneezeweed.	Helenium amarum	species
taxon rank	Solenochilidae is a small family of Carboniferous and Early Permian nautilids, similar and related to the Aipoceratidae that comprises genera with whorls in contact and which develop laterally projecting umbilical spines by maturity.	Solenochilidae	family
taxon rank	The Archaeobalanidae are a family of barnacles of the order Sessilia.	Archaeobalanidae	family
taxon rank	Bactrocythara is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.	Bactrocythara	genus
taxon rank	Camellia hongkongensis (Chinese: 香港茶; literally: ``Hong Kong tea''), the Hong Kong camellia, is a species of camellia.	Camellia hongkongensis	species
taxon rank	Holocarpha heermannii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Heermann's tarweed.	Holocarpha heermannii	species
taxon rank	Croptilon hookerianum, called Hooker's scratchdaisy, is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Croptilon hookerianum	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes luteolus (sometimes known as Coorg yellow bush frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes luteolus	species
taxon rank	Centaurea atropurpurea is a species of Centaurea found in Romania and the Balkan Peninsula.	Centaurea atropurpurea	species
taxon rank	Acleris celiana, Celiana's Acleris, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Acleris celiana	species
taxon rank	The Sardinian shrew (Asoriculus similis) is an extinct species of shrew from Europe (Sardinia).	Sardinian shrew	species
taxon rank	Hipparchia maderensis, the Madeiran grayling, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Hipparchia maderensis	species
taxon rank	Althaea officinalis (marsh-mallow, marsh mallow, or common marshmallow) is a perennial species indigenous to Europe, Western Asia, and North Africa, which is used as a medicinal plant and ornamental plant.	Althaea officinalis	species
taxon rank	Pseudopleuronectes is a genus of righteye flounders mostly native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean with one species (P. americanus) found in the northwestern Atlantic Ocean.	Pseudopleuronectes	genus
taxon rank	Lentinus megacystidiatus is a species of edible mushroom in the family Polyporaceae, first found in northern Thailand.	Lentinus megacystidiatus	species
taxon rank	Dalechampia dioscoreifolia is species of euphorb first described in 1841.	Dalechampia dioscoreifolia	species
taxon rank	Metacrinia nichollsi is a species of Australian frog, commonly named as the Forest (or Nicholls') Toadlet.	Metacrinia	species
taxon rank	Ilybius montanus is a species of beetle native to Europe and North Africa.	Ilybius montanus	species
taxon rank	Proarticulata is an extinct phylum of very early, superficially bilaterally symmetrical animals known from fossils found in the Ediacaran (Vendian) marine deposits, and dates to approximately 558 to 555 million years ago.	Proarticulata	phylum
taxon rank	Symmoriidae is an extinct family of sharks from the Carboniferous period.	Symmoriidae	family
taxon rank	Buddleja chapalana is a rare species endemic to the rocky cliffs bordering the northern and western shores of Lake Chapala, Jalisco, Mexico.	Buddleja chapalana	species
taxon rank	Macrurosaurus (meaning ``large-tailed lizard'') is the name given to a genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous.	Macrurosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Kadua coriacea (formerly Hedyotis coriacea) is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name kioʻele.	Kadua coriacea	species
taxon rank	Platanthera ciliaris, commonly known as the yellow fringed orchid, yellow-fringed orchid, or orange-fringed orchid, is a large and showy species of orchid.	Platanthera ciliaris	species
taxon rank	Stathmonotus sinuscalifornici, the California worm blenny or the Gulf worm blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from the Gulf of California, in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Stathmonotus sinuscalifornici	species
taxon rank	Agaricus langei is a species of fungus in the genus Agaricus.	Agaricus langei	species
taxon rank	Hazardia whitneyi, Whitney's bristleweed, is a North American species of shrub in the daisy family.	Hazardia whitneyi	species
taxon rank	Planorboidea is a superfamily of air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks.	Planorboidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Neocrepidodera nigritula is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania, Andorra, Benelux, Denmark, Liechtenstein, Macedonia, Moldova, Monaco, Portugal, San Marino, Spain, Vatican City, Yugoslavia, and various European islands.	Neocrepidodera nigritula	species
taxon rank	Methanosarcina is a genus of euryarchaeote archaea that produce methane.	Methanosarcina	genus
taxon rank	Ormosia excelsa is a plant species in the genus Ormosia.	Ormosia excelsa	species
taxon rank	Orthotheca is a genus of sessile bottom-dwelling hyolith.	Orthotheca	genus
taxon rank	Buchenavia is a genus of plant in family Combretaceae.	Buchenavia	genus
taxon rank	Epicauta rufidorsum (Goeze, 1777) is a species of beetle of the family Meloidae.	Epicauta rufidorsum	species
taxon rank	Lonicera utahensis is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common names Utah honeysuckle, red twinberry, and fly honeysuckle.	Lonicera utahensis	species
taxon rank	Motobdella montezuma is a species of leech which is only found in Montezuma Well, central Arizona, United States.	Motobdella montezuma	species
taxon rank	Plagiosauridae is a family of Temnospondyli that lived in the Triassic period.	Plagiosauridae	family
taxon rank	Tornatellides subperforata is a species of minute, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk, in the family Achatinellidae.	Tornatellides subperforata	species
taxon rank	Choriaster granulatus, commonly known as the granulated sea star, cushion seastar,and doughboy star, is a species of starfish.	Choriaster granulatus	species
taxon rank	The Fringed-lipped Dendrobium (Dendrobium fimbriatum) is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium fimbriatum	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea violacea is a perennial species of Ipomoea that occurs throughout the world by the exception of European continent.	Ipomoea violacea	species
taxon rank	Cantharis fusca is a species of soldier beetle.	Cantharis fusca	species
taxon rank	Berberis chiapensis is a shrub in the Berberidaceae family described as a species in 1940.	Berberis chiapensis	species
taxon rank	Priscatoides tatila is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Priscatoides.	Priscatoides tatila	species
taxon rank	Solaster paxillatus, the orange sun star, is a species of starfish found at varying depths in the northern Pacific Ocean.	Solaster paxillatus	species
taxon rank	Chicomurex laciniatus, common name the laciniated murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Chicomurex laciniatus	species
taxon rank	The Dory snapper, Lutjanus fulviflamma, also known as Blackspot snapper, is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and into the Pacific Ocean as far east as Samoa.	Lutjanus fulviflamma	species
taxon rank	Myrtillocactus geometrizans (bilberry cactus, whortleberry cactus or blue candle) is a species of cactus in the genus Myrtillocactus, native to central and northern Mexico.	Myrtillocactus geometrizans	species
taxon rank	Toxomerus geminatus, is a species of flower fly found from eastern Canada south to Texas.	Toxomerus geminatus	species
taxon rank	Denticetopsis macilenta is a species of whale catfish endemic to Guyana where it is only known from a limited area in the Essequibo River basin.	Denticetopsis macilenta	species
taxon rank	Silene gallica is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by several common names, including common catchfly, small-flowered catchfly, and windmill pink.	Silene gallica	species
taxon rank	Aeonium hierrense is a species in the genus Aeonium and has a stem but does not grow very tall.	Aeonium hierrense	species
taxon rank	The West Peruvian screech owl (Megascops roboratus) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	West Peruvian screech owl	species
taxon rank	Banksia attenuata, commonly known as the candlestick banksia, slender banksia or biara as known by the Nyoongar Aboriginal people, is a species of plant in the proteaceae family.	Banksia attenuata	species
taxon rank	Toxopeia demodes is a species of sedge moths, and the only species in the genus Toxopeia.	Toxopeia demodes	species
taxon rank	Spirobolidae is a family of millipedes in the order Spirobolida.	Spirobolidae	family
taxon rank	Calais parreysii is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Agrypninae.	Calais parreysii	species
taxon rank	Epitonium tenellum, common name the small wentletrap, is a species of small ectoparasitic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.	Epitonium tenellum	species
taxon rank	Aplysia depilans, the ``depilatory sea hare'', is a species of sea hare or sea slug, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae.	Aplysia depilans	species
taxon rank	Charaxes kirki is a member of the Charaxes etheocles species group.	Charaxes kirki	species
taxon rank	The South China sika deer (Cervus nippon kopschi) is one of many subspecies of sika deer.	South China sika deer	subspecies
taxon rank	Neolamprologus olivaceous is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from Ruhanga Bay in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Neolamprologus olivaceous	species
taxon rank	Cenchritis muricatus is a species of sea snail in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	Cenchritis muricatus	species
taxon rank	Acoetidae is a family of polychaete worms in the subclass Aciculata.	Acoetidae	family
taxon rank	Phymosia umbellata is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae.	Phymosia umbellata	species
taxon rank	Phytophthora pseudosyringae is a semi-papillate homothallic soil-borne plant pathogen causing root and collar rot of deciduous tree species in Europe.	Phytophthora pseudosyringae	species
taxon rank	Stonogobiops yasha, the Orange-striped shrimpgoby, is a species of goby native to the Western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 15 to 40 metres (49 to 131 ft).	Stonogobiops yasha	species
taxon rank	Myosotis laxa is a species of forget-me-not known by several common names, including tufted forget-me-not, bay forget-me-not, and small-flowered forget-me-not.	Myosotis laxa	species
taxon rank	The Peramelidae family of marsupials contains all of the extant bandicoots.	Peramelidae	family
taxon rank	Galium matthewsii is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names bushy bedstraw and Matthews' bedstraw.	Galium matthewsii	species
taxon rank	Platycheirus discimanus is a small species of hoverfly.	Platycheirus discimanus	species
taxon rank	Stylophorum (Celandine-poppy) is a genus of three species of herbaceous perennial plants native to woodland in eastern North America and China.	Stylophorum	genus
taxon rank	Ventenata is a genus of plants in the grass family, native to Europe, North Africa, and central + southwest Asia.	Ventenata	genus
taxon rank	Achyranthes atollensis (also called atoll achyranthes or Hawaiʻi chaff flower) was a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family.	Achyranthes atollensis	species
taxon rank	It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Leucocortinarius bulbiger, found in Europe.	Leucocortinarius	species
taxon rank	Inioteuthis capensis is a species of bobtail squid native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean, specifically from Lüderitz Bay to Mossel Bay off South Africa.	Inioteuthis capensis	species
taxon rank	Drilliola is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Drilliola	genus
taxon rank	Callilepis is a genus of gnaphosid spiders with about 20 described species.	Callilepis	genus
taxon rank	Rana amurensis (Khabarovsk frog, Siberian wood frog, Heilongjiang brown frog or Amur brown frog) is a species of true frog found in northern Asia.	Rana amurensis	species
taxon rank	Ceriporia xylostromatoides is a species of fungus in the family Phanerochaetaceae.	Ceriporia xylostromatoides	species
taxon rank	Promethichthys prometheus, the Roudi escolar, is a species of snake mackerel native to the warm temperate and tropical waters of all the oceans where it occurs at depths of from 80 to 800 metres (260 to 2,620 ft) (mostly between 300 to 400 metres (980 to 1,310 ft)).	Promethichthys prometheus	species
taxon rank	Apterocerina argentea is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Apterocerina of the family Ulidiidae.	Apterocerina argentea	species
taxon rank	Chironex fleckeri, commonly known as sea wasp, is a species of box jellyfish found in coastal waters from northern Australia and New Guinea north to the Philippines and Vietnam.	Chironex fleckeri	species
taxon rank	Leyesaurus is an extinct genus of massospondylid sauropodomorph dinosaur known from the San Juan Province, northwestern Argentina.	Leyesaurus	genus
taxon rank	Chiloschista, abbreviated Chsch in the horticultural trade, is a genus of orchid, comprising 20 currently recognized species native to China, the Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia, New Guinea, Australia, Fiji and Micronesia.	Chiloschista	genus
taxon rank	Greigia kessleri is a species in the genus Greigia.	Greigia kessleri	species
taxon rank	Cyamus boopis is a species of whale louse in the family Cyamidae.	Cyamus boopis	species
taxon rank	Ciliopagurus tenebrarum is a species of hermit crab native to Cape Comorin.	Ciliopagurus tenebrarum	species
taxon rank	Perkinsidae is a family of protists in the phylum Perkinsozoa, a sister group to the dinoflagellates.	Perkinsidae	family
taxon rank	Bacteroides is a genus of gram-negative, obligate anaerobic bacteria.	Bacteroides	genus
taxon rank	Anthemis arvensis, also known as corn chamomile, mayweed, scentless chamomile, or field chamomile is a species of the genus Anthemis and in the Asteraceae family.	Anthemis arvensis	species
taxon rank	Monoclonius (meaning ``single sprout'') is a dubious genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaurs found in the Late Cretaceous layers of the Judith River Formation in Montana, northern US, and the uppermost rock layers of the Dinosaur Park Formation in Alberta, Canada dated to between 75 and 74.6 million years ago.	Monoclonius	genus
taxon rank	Cedrelinga cateniformis (the Wyra Caspi or huaira Caspi) is a flowering plant species in the genus Cedrelinga.	Cedrelinga cateniformis	species
taxon rank	Glossoloma herthae is a plant species in the family Gesneriaceae.	Glossoloma herthae	species
taxon rank	Solidago satanica, the devil's goldenrod, is a rare North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Solidago satanica	species
taxon rank	Serapias lingua, commonly known as tongue-orchid or the tongue Serapias, is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean.	Serapias lingua	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium reticulatum, known as ʻŌhelo ʻai in Hawaiian, is a species of flowering plant in the heather family, Ericaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Vaccinium reticulatum	species
taxon rank	The genus Umbravirus includes plant viruses assigned to the family Tombusviridae.	Umbravirus	genus
taxon rank	Rhus glabra, the smooth sumac, is a species of sumac in the family Anacardiaceae, native to North America, from southern Quebec west to southern British Columbia in Canada, and south to northern Florida and Arizona in the United States and Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico.	Rhus glabra	species
taxon rank	Myosotis decumbens is a plant species of the genus Myosotis.	Myosotis decumbens	species
taxon rank	Oreophrynella (bush toads) is a genus of true toads native to the tepuis of southern Venezuela and adjacent Guyana.	Oreophrynella	genus
taxon rank	Opeas hannense, common name the dwarf awlsnail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.	Opeas hannense	species
taxon rank	Entoloma murrayi, commonly known as the yellow unicorn Entoloma or the unicorn pinkgill, is a species of fungus in the Entolomataceae family.	Entoloma murrayi	species
taxon rank	Synothele is a genus of spiders found in South Australia and Western Australia.	Synothele	genus
taxon rank	Quercus inopina, the sandhill oak, is an uncommon North American species of shrubs in the beech family.	Quercus inopina	species
taxon rank	Ophiclinus antarcticus, the Adelaide snakeblenny, is a species of clinid found in the coastal waters of southern Australia.	Ophiclinus antarcticus	species
taxon rank	Azuragrion vansomereni is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae.	Azuragrion vansomereni	species
taxon rank	Forresteria is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the subclass Ammonoidea that flourished during the late Turonian and early Coniacian of the Late Cretaceous.	Forresteria	genus
taxon rank	Pilosocereus royenii is a species of cactus that is native to the Caribbean and Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula.	Pilosocereus royenii	species
taxon rank	Acragas fallax is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas.	Acragas fallax	species
taxon rank	Bybe parmenoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Bybe.	Bybe parmenoides	species
taxon rank	Lystrosauridae is a family of dicynodont therapsids from the Permian and Triassic time periods.	Lystrosauridae	family
taxon rank	Oliva multiplicata, common name the many-plaited olive, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae, the olives.	Oliva multiplicata	species
taxon rank	Perkinsus marinus is a species of protist belonging to the phylum Perkinsozoa.	Perkinsus marinus	species
taxon rank	Scutiger jiulongensis, also known as Juilong Cat-eyed Toad, is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Scutiger jiulongensis	species
taxon rank	Leptoglossus zonatus is a species of leaf-footed bug, a type of true bug.	Leptoglossus zonatus	species
taxon rank	Impatiens hawkeri (New Guinea impatiens) is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae.	Impatiens hawkeri	species
taxon rank	Synoeca septentrionalis is one of five species of wasps in the Synoeca genus.	Synoeca septentrionalis	species
taxon rank	Latridae is a family (about 5 species) of perciform fishes known as the Trumpeters.	Latridae	family
taxon rank	Rhodocollybia butyracea, common name Buttery Collybia, is a species of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family of mushrooms.	Rhodocollybia butyracea	species
taxon rank	Rasborichthys helfrichii is a species of cyprinid fish found on the islands of Sumatra and Borneo in Southeast Asia.	Rasborichthys helfrichii	species
taxon rank	Aconogonon alaskanum is an Asian and North American species of flowering plants in the buckwheat family known by the common name Alaska wild-rhubarb.	Aconogonon alaskanum	species
taxon rank	Danacetichthys galathenus is a species of flabby whalefish found in the ocean depths at around 1,330 metres (4,360 ft).	Danacetichthys galathenus	species
taxon rank	Conus sculletti, common name Scullett's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus sculletti	species
taxon rank	Homosteus is a genus of flattened arthrodire placoderm from the Middle Devonian.	Homosteus	genus
taxon rank	Astroloba corrugata is a compact Astroloba species, with slender, sprawling stems (up to 20cm long), densely covered in spirally arranged pointed leaves.	Astroloba corrugata	species
taxon rank	Pseudhepomidion assamense is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudhepomidion.	Pseudhepomidion assamense	species
taxon rank	Elpistostegidae is an extinct family of tetrapod-like fish that lived in the Late Devonian period (Late Givetian to Early Frasnian).	Elpistostegidae	family
taxon rank	Lamellidea subcylindrica is a species of air-breathing tropical land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae.	Lamellidea subcylindrica	species
taxon rank	Pterothecidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic molluscs of uncertain position, either Gastropoda or Monoplacophora, with isostrophically coiled shells.	Pterothecidae	family
voice type	Karl Terkal (October 7, 1919, Vienna - August 12, 1996, Vienna) was an Austrian operatic tenor, particularly associated with lyric roles of the German repertory, both opera and operetta.	Karl Terkal	tenor
voice type	David Ffrangcon-Davies, M.A. (Oxon) (11 December 1855 -- 13 April 1918) was a Welsh operatic baritone.	David Ffrangcon-Davies	baritone
voice type	Gerhard Stolze (1 October 1926, Dessau -- 11 March 1979, Garmisch-Partenkirchen) was a German tenor.	Gerhard Stolze	tenor
voice type	Marietta Sacchi was an Italian operatic soprano who had an active career during the 1820s and 1830s.	Marietta Sacchi	soprano
voice type	Ivo Žídek (4 June 1926 -- 19 May 2003) was a celebrated Czech lyric tenor, known for his vivid portrayals of character roles in the operas of Smetana, Dvořák and Janáček.	Ivo Žídek	tenor
voice type	Annelies Burmeister (1928--1988) was a German contralto and actress.	Annelies Burmeister	contralto
voice type	Mila Vilotijević (Serbian Cyrillic: Мила Вилотијевић; born ?) is a Serbian soprano.	Mila Vilotijević	soprano
voice type	Güneş Gürle (born July 7, 1975 in Izmir, Turkey) is a Turkish opera singer, bass-baritone.	Güneş Gürle	bass
voice type	Giuseppina Finzi-Magrini (Turin, 1878-Desio, 1944) was an Italian soprano.	Giuseppina Finzi-Magrini	soprano
voice type	Derek Lee Ragin (born June 17, 1958) is an American countertenor.	Derek Lee Ragin	countertenor
voice type	Ileana Cotrubaș (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈle̯ana kotruˈbaʃ); born June 9, 1939) is a Romanian opera soprano whose career spanned from the 1960s to the 1980s.	Ileana Cotrubaș	soprano
voice type	Emmy Destinn (Ema Destinnová ((ˈɛma ˈdɛstɪnovaː)); 26 February 1878 -- 28 January 1930) was a Czech operatic soprano with a strong and soaring lyric-dramatic voice.	Emmy Destinn	soprano
voice type	John Spray (c.1768 -- 21 January 1827) was an acclaimed tenor singer, known for performing works by John Andrew Stevenson, who wrote a number of pieces for him including the popular Faithless Emma.	John Spray	tenor
voice type	He Hui (Chinese: 和慧; born 1972 in Xi'an), sometimes in the West known as Hui He, is a Chinese operatic soprano.	He Hui	soprano
voice type	Theodor Lay was a nineteenth-century German operatic baritone who was particularly admired for his interpretations of the roles of Richard Wagner and Albert Lortzing.	Theodor Lay	baritone
voice type	Toby Spence (born 22 May 1969, London) is a British tenor active internationally on the concert platform, in the opera house and in recordings across a wide range of classical music.	Toby Spence	tenor
voice type	Maria Duchêne-Billiard (1884 - ?) was a French contralto of the Metropolitan Opera from 1912 to 1916.	Maria Duchêne	contralto
voice type	Leona Mitchell (born October 13, 1949, Enid, Oklahoma), is an African-American and Chickasaw operatic soprano and an Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame inductee.	Leona Mitchell	soprano
voice type	Mabel Garrison Siemonn (April 24, 1886 - August 20, 1963), was an American coloratura soprano who sang at the Metropolitan Opera from 1914 to 1921.	Mabel Garrison	soprano
voice type	Karel Strakatý (2 July 1804 -- 26 April 1868) was a Czech operatic bass who had a lengthy career at the Estates Theatre in Prague from 1827 until his retirement in 1858.	Karel Strakatý	bass
voice type	Philipp Stolle (1614 -- 4 October 1675) was a German composer, tenor and theorbo player of the Baroque era.	Philipp Stolle	tenor
voice type	Laura Claycomb (born August 23, 1968) is an American lyric coloratura soprano opera singer.	Laura Claycomb	soprano
voice type	Isabella Young (also Isabella Scott) (17?, London -- 12 August 1791, London) was an English mezzo-soprano and organist who had a successful career as a concert performer and opera singer during the latter half of the eighteenth century.	Isabella Young	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Dinara Aliyeva (Azerbaijani: Dinarə Əliyeva, Russian: Динара Алиева) (born 17 December 1980, Baku, Azerbaijan) is an Azerbaijani operatic soprano.	Dinara Aliyeva	soprano
voice type	Dorothy Warenskjold (May 11, 1921 in San Leandro, California -- December 27, 2010 in Lenexa, Kansas) was an American lyric soprano who had an active career in operas and concerts from the mid-1940s through the early 1960s.	Dorothy Warenskjold	soprano
voice type	Max Ciolek (born 4 November 1959) is a German tenor and conductor.	Max Ciolek	tenor
voice type	Deon van der Walt (28 July 1958 -- 29 November 2005), was a South African tenor.	Deon van der Walt	tenor
voice type	Kate Aldrich (b. October 31, 1973, Damariscotta, Maine) is an American mezzo soprano.	Kate Aldrich	mezzo soprano
voice type	Lutz-Michael Harder (born 1951, Langenfeld/Długoszyn near Küstrin) is a German lyric tenor known mostly for his interpretation of Mozart opera roles and as a baroque concert soloist.	Lutz-Michael Harder	tenor
voice type	Antoinette Miggiani (born 5 September 1937) is a Maltese operatic soprano and singing teacher.	Antoinette Miggiani	soprano
voice type	Gilbert Duprez (6 December 1806 -- 23 September 1896) was a French tenor, singing teacher and minor composer who famously pioneered the delivery of the operatic high C from the chest.	Gilbert Duprez	tenor
voice type	Monica Groop (born 14 April 1958, Helsinki) is a Finnish operatic mezzo-soprano.	Monica Groop	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Tito Gobbi (24 October 1913 -- 5 March 1984) was an Italian operatic baritone with an international reputation.	Tito Gobbi	baritone
voice type	Charles Courtice Pounds (30 May 1862 -- 21 December 1927), better known by the stage name Courtice Pounds, was an English singer and actor known for his performances in the tenor roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and his later roles in Shakespeare plays and Edwardian musical comedies.	Courtice Pounds	tenor
voice type	Bruce Boyce (1910 in London, Ontario -- 11 May 1996) was a prominent Canadian-born American baritone singer of opera, oratorio and lieder, who made his postwar career in Britain and became a professor at the Royal Academy of Music.	Bruce Boyce	baritone
voice type	Ferruccio Tagliavini (pronounced (ferˈruttʃo taʎʎaˈviːni); 14 August 1913 -- 28 January 1995) was an Italian operatic tenor mainly active in the 1940s and 1950s.	Ferruccio Tagliavini	tenor
voice type	Oleg Bryjak (Ukrainian: Олег Брижак, 27 October 1960 -- 24 March 2015) was a Kazakhstani-German bass-baritone opera singer.	Oleg Bryjak	bass	baritone
voice type	Isabel Bayrakdarian (born 1974 in Zahlé, Lebanon) is an Armenian-Canadian operatic soprano.	Isabel Bayrakdarian	soprano
voice type	Gérard Souzay (8 December 1918 -- 17 August 2004) was a French baritone, regarded as one of the very finest interpreters of mélodie (French art song) in the generation after Charles Panzéra and Pierre Bernac.	Gérard Souzay	baritone
voice type	Anne Chabanceau de La Barre (1628--1688) was a French soprano of the baroque era.	Anne Chabanceau de La Barre	soprano
voice type	Oszkár Kálmán (19 June 1887 - 17 September 1971) was a Hungarian bass, remembered as the first Bluebeard.	Oszkár Kálmán	bass
voice type	Robert Tear, (pronounced to rhyme with ``hear'') CBE (8 March 1939 -- 29 March 2011) was a Welsh tenor singer, teacher and conductor.	Robert Tear	tenor
voice type	Edda Moser (born 27 October 1938) is a German coloratura soprano.	Edda Moser	soprano
voice type	Etelka Gerster (25 June 1855, Košice -- 20 August 1920, Pontecchio) was a Hungarian soprano.	Etelka Gerster	soprano
voice type	Jack Harrold (June 10, 1920 -- July 22, 1994) was an American operatic tenor and voice teacher.	Jack Harrold	tenor
