author	The Moon Maid is an Edgar Rice Burroughs Lost World novel.	The Moon Maid	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Here's to You, Rachel Robinson is a 1993 young adult novel by Judy Blume, the sequel to Just as Long as We're Together.	Here's to You, Rachel Robinson	Judy Blume
author	The Loveday Trials is the third in the Loveday series of books written by Kate Tremayne.	The Loveday Trials	Kate Tremayne
author	Matari (or reissued as White Wind, Black Rider) is a book written by Luke Rhinehart, a pen name of George Cockcroft.	Matari	George Cockcroft
author	The Golden Gizmo is a 1954 novel by the thriller writer Jim Thompson.	The Golden Gizmo	Jim Thompson
author	Well of Shiuan is a 1978 science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh.	Well of Shiuan	C. J. Cherryh
author	Owlknight is a 1999 novel by Mercedes Lackey and is the third book in the Darian's Tale trilogy.	Owlknight	Mercedes Lackey
author	The Traitor and the Jew (full title: The Traitor and the Jew: Anti-Semitism and the Delirium of Extremist Right-Wing Nationalism in French Canada from 1929--1939), a history by Esther Delisle, was published in French in 1992.	The Traitor and the Jew	Esther Delisle
author	Miracles of Life is an autobiography written by British writer J. G. Ballard and published in 2008.	Miracles of Life	J. G. Ballard
author	Dustbin Baby is a children's novel and made by Jacqueline Wilson.	Dustbin Baby	Jacqueline Wilson
cast member	The Cosby Mysteries is an American television mystery series that starred Bill Cosby.	The Cosby Mysteries	Bill Cosby
cast member	Circle of Lovers (German:Liebesreigen) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and Rudolf Dworsky and starring Hans Mierendorff, Marcella Albani and Charlotte Ander.	Circle of Lovers	Hans Mierendorff
cast member	Adventures of the Sea Hawk is a 1958 syndicated television series starring John Howard.	Adventures of the Sea Hawk	John Howard
cast member	Colpi di fulmine (``Lightning Strikes'') is a 2012 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti and starring Christian De Sica and Lillo & Greg.	Colpi di fulmine	Christian De Sica
cast member	Ssukh is a 2005 Bollywood comedy film directed by Kirti Kumar starring his brother Govinda, Preeti Jhangiani, Chunky Pandey, Aarti Chhabria and Jackie Shroff.	Ssukh	Preeti Jhangiani	Chunky Pandey	Aarti Chhabria	Jackie Shroff
cast member	Shukno Lanka is a 2010 Bengali-language Indian film directed by Gaurav Pandey, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Debashree Roy and Sabyasachi Chakrabarty.	Shukno Lanka	Mithun Chakraborty	Debashree Roy
cast member	Perfect Target is a 1997 action/thriller film by Sheldon Lettich starring Daniel Bernhardt.	Perfect Target	Daniel Bernhardt
cast member	The Amazing Impostor is a lost 1919 American silent comedy film starring Mary Miles Minter and directed by Lloyd Ingraham.	The Amazing Impostor	Mary Miles Minter
cast member	Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid is a 1973 American Western drama film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring James Coburn, Kris Kristofferson, and Bob Dylan, and written by Rudy Wurlitzer.	Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid	James Coburn	Kris Kristofferson	Bob Dylan
cast member	The Arnelo Affair is a 1947 American dramatic film co-written and directed by Arch Oboler and featuring John Hodiak, George Murphy, Frances Gifford and Dean Stockwell.	The Arnelo Affair	John Hodiak	George Murphy	Frances Gifford	Dean Stockwell
cast member	The Great Man's Lady is a 1942 American western film directed by William A. Wellman, and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Joel McCrea.	The Great Man's Lady	Barbara Stanwyck	Joel McCrea
cast member	The Facts of Life Reunion is a 2001 made-for-television film based on the 1979--1988 sitcom The Facts of Life starring original cast members Charlotte Rae, Lisa Whelchel, Mindy Cohn and Kim Fields;	The Facts of Life Reunion	Charlotte Rae	Lisa Whelchel	Mindy Cohn	Kim Fields
cast member	Among Those Present (1921) is a short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and Mildred Davis.	Among Those Present	Harold Lloyd	Mildred Davis
cast member	Laura Lansing Slept Here is a 1988 American made-for-television film starring Katharine Hepburn and directed by George Schaefer which premiered on NBC on March 7, 1988.	Laura Lansing Slept Here	Katharine Hepburn
cast member	Ven Shankhu Pol (Malayalam: വെൺ ശംഖുപോൽ) is a 2011 Malayalam investigation film directed by Asok R Nath, starring Suresh Gopi, Manoj K Jayan, Jyothirmayi and Meera Nandan in the lead roles.	Ven Shankhu Pol	Suresh Gopi	Jyothirmayi	Meera Nandan
cast member	Motel Blue (also known as Blue Motel) is a 1997 thriller film directed by Sam Firstenberg and starred by Sean Young.	Motel Blue	Sean Young
cast member	Dreams in a Drawer (Italian: I sogni nel cassetto) is a 1957 Italian romantic drama film written and directed by Renato Castellani and starring Lea Massari.	Dreams in a Drawer	Lea Massari
cast member	A Singing Fairy is a 2010 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Zhu Feng and produced by Peng Gang and Zheng Jinhao, starring Alec Su, Eva Huang, Wei Zongwan, Ariel Aisin-Gioro, and Che Yongli.	A Singing Fairy	Alec Su
cast member	Terror by Night is a 1946 Sherlock Holmes film, the thirteenth to star Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce and was directed by Roy William Neill.	Terror by Night	Basil Rathbone	Nigel Bruce
cast member	Meet the People (1944) is a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer musical comedy film made during World War II, and starring Lucille Ball and Dick Powell and featuring Virginia O'Brien, Bert Lahr, Rags Ragland and June Allyson.	Meet the People	Lucille Ball	Dick Powell
cast member	Speaking of Sex is a 2001 Canadian/American/French romantic comedy film directed by John McNaughton and starring Bill Murray, James Spader, Lara Flynn Boyle, and Jay Mohr.	Speaking of Sex	Bill Murray	James Spader	Lara Flynn Boyle	Jay Mohr
cast member	Hard to Kill is a 1990 American action thriller film directed by Bruce Malmuth, and starring Steven Seagal, Kelly Le Brock, William Sadler, and Frederick Coffin.	Hard to Kill	Steven Seagal	Kelly Le Brock	William Sadler	Frederick Coffin
cast member	Speed Track is a 2007 Malayalam film by Jayasurya starring Dileep, Gajala, Riyaz Khan and Madhu Warrier in the lead roles.	Speed Track	Dileep	Gajala	Riyaz Khan	Madhu Warrier
cast member	Edakallu Guddada Mele (Kannada: ಎಡಕಲ್ಲು ಗುಡ್ಡದ ಮೇಲೆ, English: On top of the Edakallu Hills) is a 1973 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal, based on a novel by Bharathisutha of the same name, and starring Jayanthi, Aarathi, Chandrashekar, Shivaram.	Edakallu Guddada Mele	Jayanthi	Aarathi
cast member	Headin' West is a 1922 Western film directed by William James Craft and featuring Hoot Gibson.	Headin' West	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Lovey Mary (Love) is a runaway from an orphanage who takes a little companion and finds a home with poor and kind Mrs. Wiggs (Mary Alden).	Lovey Mary	Mary Alden
cast member	The Trumpet Blows is a 1934 American Pre-Code film directed by Stephen Roberts, featuring George Raft as a Mexican matador, Adolphe Menjou as a retired bandito clearly based on Pancho Villa, and Frances Drake as Chulita, the woman they both want to marry.	The Trumpet Blows	George Raft	Adolphe Menjou	Frances Drake
cast member	Suria (Astaman), a commander at the Air Raid Preparation team (Lucht Beschermings Dienst, or LBD), has fallen in love with the nurse Kartinah (Ratna Asmara), who serves with the LBD.	Kartinah	Astaman	Ratna Asmara
cast member	Today You Die is a 2005 American action film directed and cinematographed by Don E. Fauntleroy, and produced by Steven Seagal, who also starred in the lead role.	Today You Die	Steven Seagal
cast member	Dick Turpin's Ride to York is a 1922 British historical silent film drama directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Matheson Lang, Isobel Elsom and Cecil Humphreys.	Dick Turpin's Ride to York	Matheson Lang	Isobel Elsom	Cecil Humphreys
cast member	Up the Chastity Belt (also released as Naughty Knights in the USA) is a 1971 British film, a spin-off from the TV series Up Pompeii! that starred Frankie Howerd and was directed by Bob Kellett.	Up the Chastity Belt	Frankie Howerd
cast member	Banzai Runner is a 1987 American action film starring Dean Stockwell, John Shepherd, Charles Dierkop, Rick Fitts, Dawn Schneider, Billy Drago and directed by John G. Thomas.	Banzai Runner	Dean Stockwell	John Shepherd	Charles Dierkop	Rick Fitts
cast member	Swarnachamaram is an unreleased 1996 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Rajeevnath, starring Mohanlal and Sivaji Ganesan in the leading roles.	Swarnachamaram	Mohanlal
cast member	Sarvasakshi (also known as, Omniscient) is a 1978 Marathi film directed by Ramdas Phutane with Smita Patil, Anjali Paigankar and Jairam Hardikar in the lead roles.	Sarvasakshi	Smita Patil
cast member	I'm an Explosive is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring William Hartnell, Gladys Jennings and Eliot Makeham.	I'm an Explosive	William Hartnell	Gladys Jennings	Eliot Makeham
cast member	Without Words (Chinese: 地老天荒; Cantonese Yale: Dei lo tin fong) is a 2006 Hong Kong romantic drama film starring Lawrence Chou, Ella Koon and Derek Tsang.	Without Words	Lawrence Chou	Ella Koon	Derek Tsang
cast member	A Boy Called Hate is a 1995 film starring Scott Caan, his father James Caan, Missy Crider, Adam Beach and Elliott Gould.	A Boy Called Hate	Scott Caan	James Caan	Adam Beach	Elliott Gould
cast member	The Baby and the Battleship is a colour 1956 British comedy film directed by Jay Lewis and starring John Mills, Richard Attenborough and André Morell.	The Baby and the Battleship	John Mills
cast member	The Story of the Kelly Gang was made by a consortium of two partnerships involved in theatre--entrepreneurs John Tait and Nevin Tait, and pioneering film exhibitors Millard Johnson and William Gibson.	The Story of the Kelly Gang	John Tait
cast member	Arabian Adventure is a 1979 fantasy adventure film directed by Kevin Connor and starring Christopher Lee and Oliver Tobias.	Arabian Adventure	Christopher Lee	Oliver Tobias
cast member	Orikkal Oridathu (Malayalam: ഒരിക്കൽ ഒരിടത്ത്) is a 1985 Malayalam film directed by Jeassy starring Rahman in the lead role.	Orikkal Oridathu	Rahman
cast member	The Final Impulse is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Thomas Ricketts starring Winifred Greenwood, Ed Coxen, George Field, and Charlotte Burton.	The Final Impulse	Winifred Greenwood	George Field	Charlotte Burton
cast member	Thambikku Entha Ooru (Tamil: தம்பிக்கு எந்த ஊரு; English: Which town are you from, My brother?) is a 1984 Indian Tamil language film directed by Rajasekhar, starring Rajinikanth, Madhavi, Sulakshana, Sathyaraj and Senthamarai.	Thambikku Entha Ooru	Rajinikanth
cast member	Mistress of the Devil (also known as Léonor) is a 1975 French-Italian-Spanish horror film written and directed by Juan Luis Buñuel (the son of Luis Buñuel) and starring Michel Piccoli, Liv Ullmann and Ornella Muti.	Mistress of the Devil	Michel Piccoli	Liv Ullmann	Ornella Muti
cast member	Background to Danger is a 1943 World War II spy film starring George Raft and featuring Brenda Marshall, Sydney Greenstreet, and Peter Lorre.	Background to Danger	George Raft	Brenda Marshall	Sydney Greenstreet	Peter Lorre
cast member	Murder Most Horrid is a British dark comedy anthology series starring Dawn French.	Murder Most Horrid	Dawn French
cast member	The Cry Baby Killer is a 1958 Film Noir cult film produced by Roger Corman.	The Cry Baby Killer	Roger Corman
cast member	Price of Glory is a 2000 American sports drama film written by Phil Berger, directed by Carlos Avila and starring Jimmy Smits.	Price of Glory	Jimmy Smits
cast member	Killadi Raman (Malayalam: കില്ലാടി രാമന്‍ ) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Thulasidas, starring Mukesh, Megha Nair and Siddique in the lead roles.	Killadi Raman	Mukesh
cast member	Kodanda Rama (Kannada: ಕೋದಂಡರಾಮ) is a 2002 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film directed, scripted and composed by V. Ravichandran.	Kodanda Rama	V. Ravichandran
cast member	From Laramie to London is a 1917 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.	From Laramie to London	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Catalina Caper (also known as Never Steal Anything Wet) is a 1967 comedy musical mystery film starring Tommy Kirk.	Catalina Caper	Tommy Kirk
cast member	Music Within is a 2007 drama film directed by Steven Sawalich and starring Ron Livingston, Melissa George, Michael Sheen, Rebecca De Mornay and Marion Ross.	Music Within	Ron Livingston	Melissa George	Michael Sheen
cast member	The first of the dramas, Friends and Crocodiles, had been broadcast the previous month, with the character of Sneath (Robert Lindsay) appearing in both and acting as the narrator of Gideon's Daughter.	Gideon's Daughter	Robert Lindsay
cast member	Several actors from the original Sordid Lives film are reprising their roles, including Bonnie Bedelia, Leslie Jordan, Newell Alexander, Sarah Hunley, Rosemary Alexander, Ann Walker and Kirk Geiger.	Sordid Lives	Bonnie Bedelia
cast member	La bottega dell'orefice is a 1989 film based on The Jeweler's Shop, a play written by Karol Józef Wojtyła (Pope John Paul II) and scripted by Jeff Andrus, starring Olivia Hussey and (in his final year of a long career making films) Burt Lancaster, directed by Michael Anderson.	La bottega dell'orefice	Olivia Hussey	Burt Lancaster
cast member	Dweepa (Kannada: ದ್ವೀಪ, English: The Island) is a 2002 Indian Kannada language film by Girish Kasaravalli, based on the novel of the same name by Na D'Souza, and starring Soundarya and Avinash in lead roles.	Dweepa	Soundarya	Avinash
cast member	3 Deewarein (3 Walls) is a 2003 Bollywood crime film written, directed and co-starred by Nagesh Kukunoor.	3 Deewarein	Nagesh Kukunoor
cast member	Dr. Kovács István is a 1942 Hungarian drama film directed by Viktor Bánky and starring Antal Páger, Erzsi Simor and Júlia Tóth.	Dr. Kovács István	Antal Páger	Erzsi Simor
cast member	Hunters of the Golden Cobra (Italian: I Cacciatori del Cobra d'Oro) is an Italian 1982 action film starring David Warbeck.	Hunters of the Golden Cobra	David Warbeck
cast member	Rooms to Let (German:Ruhiges Heim mit Küchenbenutzung) is a 1930 German silent comedy film directed by Carl Wilhelm and starring Lucie Englisch, Elisabeth Pinajeff and Kurt Vespermann.	Rooms to Let	Lucie Englisch
cast member	Up to our Necks is an unauthorized documentary film on the American metal band Slipknot.	Up to our Necks	Slipknot
cast member	Pagalil Oru Iravu (Tamil: பகலில் ஒரு இரவு) (English: A night in the day) is a 1979 Tamil film directed by I. V. Sasi and starring Vijayakumar, Sridevi and Seema, Major Sundarrajan The music was composed by Ilayaraja and the songs were written by Kannadasan.	Pagalil Oru Iravu	Vijayakumar	Sridevi
cast member	Edward and Caroline (French: Édouard et Caroline) is a 1951 French comedy film directed by Jacques Becker, starring Daniel Gélin and Anne Vernon.	Edward and Caroline	Daniel Gélin	Anne Vernon
cast member	A Night in Casablanca (1946) is the 12th Marx Brothers movie, starring Groucho Marx, Chico Marx, and Harpo Marx.	A Night in Casablanca	Groucho Marx	Chico Marx	Harpo Marx
cast member	The Campus Vamp (1928) is a silent comedy short starring Daphne Pollard and Johnny Burke.	The Campus Vamp	Daphne Pollard
cast member	Nenjil Jil Jil is a 2006 film directed by Selva and produced by Manish Nair, Bhavani Kanagasapay under the banner Candy Films Ltd & Gatpaham Entertainment Ltd. Navdeep pairs up with Aparna Pillai, while Vadivelu plays the comedian in the movie.	Nenjil Jil Jil	Navdeep
cast member	The Substitute is a 1996 American action-crime-thriller film directed by Robert Mandel and starring Tom Berenger, Ernie Hudson, Marc Anthony, William Forsythe, Raymond Cruz and Luis Guzmán.	The Substitute	Tom Berenger	Ernie Hudson	Marc Anthony	William Forsythe	Raymond Cruz	Luis Guzmán
cast member	Heavyweights is about a fat camp for kids that is taken over by a fitness guru named Tony Perkis (Ben Stiller).	Heavyweights	Ben Stiller
cast member	Call Northside 777 is a 1948 documentary-style film noir directed by Henry Hathaway and starring James Stewart.	Call Northside 777	James Stewart
cast member	Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why Is He Saying Those Terrible Things About Me? is an American comedy drama film released in 1971 directed by Ulu Grosbard and starring Dustin Hoffman.	Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why Is He Saying Those Terrible Things About Me?	Dustin Hoffman
cast member	Wood Love (German title:Ein Sommernachtstraum) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Hans Neumann and starring Werner Krauss, Valeska Gert and Alexander Granach.	Wood Love	Werner Krauss
cast member	Restless Hearts (German:Herzen ohne Ziel, Spanish:Corazones sin rumbo) is a 1928 German-Spanish silent film directed by Benito Perojo and Gustav Ucicky and starring Betty Bird, Hanna Ralph and Livio Pavanelli.	Restless Hearts	Betty Bird
cast member	The Black Torment is a 1964 British gothic horror film, directed by Robert Hartford-Davis and starring John Turner, Heather Sears and Ann Lynn.	The Black Torment	John Turner	Heather Sears	Ann Lynn
cast member	The Key of the World is a 1918 British silent romance film direcred by J.L.V. Leigh and starring Eileen Molyneux, Heather Thatcher and Eric Harrison.	The Key of the World	Heather Thatcher
cast member	Don't Ever Leave Me is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Arthur Crabtree and starring Petula Clark, Jimmy Hanley, Hugh Sinclair, Edward Rigby, and Anthony Newley.	Don't Ever Leave Me	Petula Clark	Hugh Sinclair
cast member	Get Out and Get Under is a 1920 silent comedy film directed by Hal Roach and starring Harold Lloyd and Mildred Davis.	Get Out and Get Under	Harold Lloyd	Mildred Davis
cast member	The Bad Bunch (aka Tom) is an American 1973 blaxploitation drama film directed by and co-starring Greydon Clark.	The Bad Bunch	Greydon Clark
cast member	Emperor of the Sea (Hangul: 해신; RR: Hae-sin; literally ``Sea God'') is a South Korean television drama series starring Choi Soo-jong, Chae Shi-ra, Song Il-gook and Soo Ae.	Emperor of the Sea	Choi Soo-jong	Chae Shi-ra	Soo Ae
cast member	The Bugle Sounds is a 1942 World War II movie starring Wallace Beery as a cavalry sergeant resistant to replacing horses with tanks.	The Bugle Sounds	Wallace Beery
cast member	Holiday Heart is a 2000 TV movie starring Ving Rhames, Alfre Woodard, and Mykelti Williamson.	Holiday Heart	Ving Rhames	Alfre Woodard	Mykelti Williamson
cast member	Mister Scoutmaster is a 1953 film about Boy Scouts, starring Clifton Webb.	Mister Scoutmaster	Clifton Webb
cast member	Moon over Parador is a 1988 romantic comedy film, starring Richard Dreyfuss, Raúl Juliá and Sonia Braga.	Moon over Parador	Richard Dreyfuss	Raúl Juliá
cast member	Getting Her Man is a 1924 silent film comedy starring Ora Carew.	Getting Her Man	Ora Carew
cast member	My Lovely Girl (Hangul: 내겐 너무 사랑스러운 그녀; RR: Naegen Neomu Sarangseureoun Geunyeo) is a 2014 South Korean television series starring Jung Ji-hoon (Rain), L, Krystal Jung and Cha Ye-ryun.	My Lovely Girl	Rain	Krystal	Cha Ye-ryun
cast member	Desperately Seeking Susan is a 1985 American comedy-drama film directed by Susan Seidelman and starring Rosanna Arquette and Madonna.	Desperately Seeking Susan	Rosanna Arquette	Madonna
cast member	The Lone Wolf Meets a Lady is a 1940 American drama directed by Sidney Salkow, starring Warren William, Eric Blore and Jean Muir.	The Lone Wolf Meets a Lady	Warren William	Eric Blore	Jean Muir
cast member	Dorf's Golf Bible is a 1988 comedy film starring Tim Conway, Eddie Deezen and Michele Smith along with a special appearance by Sam Snead.	Dorf's Golf Bible	Eddie Deezen	Michele Smith
cast member	L'Or dans la rue (pronounced: (lɔːʁ dɑ̃ la ʁy)) is a 1934 French comedy film directed by Curtis Bernhardt, written by Henry Koster and Henri Decoin, and starring Danielle Darrieux.	L'Or dans la rue	Danielle Darrieux
cast member	Naan Sonnathey Sattam is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film, starring Charan Raj and Rekha in lead role.	Naan Sonnathey Sattam	Charan Raj
cast member	Peace, Love & Misunderstanding is a 2011 American independent comedy-drama film directed by Bruce Beresford and starring Jane Fonda, Catherine Keener, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Elizabeth Olsen, Nat Wolff, Chace Crawford, Kyle MacLachlan, and Rosanna Arquette.	Peace, Love & Misunderstanding	Jane Fonda	Catherine Keener	Jeffrey Dean Morgan	Elizabeth Olsen	Nat Wolff	Chace Crawford	Kyle MacLachlan	Rosanna Arquette
cast member	They Won't Believe Me is a 1947 black-and-white film noir starring Robert Young, Susan Hayward and Jane Greer.	They Won't Believe Me	Robert Young	Susan Hayward	Jane Greer
cast member	Dancehall Queen mixed recent hits with songs created for the movie, including the title track by Beenie Man.	Dancehall Queen	Beenie Man
cast member	Desert Bloom is a 1986 American drama film directed by Eugene Corr and starring an ensemble cast led by Jon Voight and JoBeth Williams.	Desert Bloom	Jon Voight	JoBeth Williams
cast member	Silver Hawk is a 2004 Hong Kong science fiction action film directed by Jingle Ma and starring Michelle Yeoh, Richie Jen, Luke Goss, Brandon Chang, Li Bingbing and Michael Jai White.	Silver Hawk	Michelle Yeoh	Richie Jen	Luke Goss	Li Bingbing	Michael Jai White
cast member	A Sharp Intake of Breath is a British sitcom starring David Jason, Jacqueline Clarke, Richard Wilson and Alun Armstrong which ran from 1977 to 1981.	A Sharp Intake of Breath	David Jason	Richard Wilson	Alun Armstrong
cast member	Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal (English: Imagining you, all the time) is a 2012 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Elred Kumar starring Atharvaa and Amala Paul in the lead roles, while Jayaprakash, Anupama Kumar, Santhanam, Yashika and Nassar played supporting roles.	Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal	Amala Paul
cast member	The Show of Shows featured most of the contemporary Warner Bros. film stars, including John Barrymore, Richard Barthelmess, Noah Beery, Sr., Loretta Young, Dolores Costello, Bull Montana, Myrna Loy, Chester Conklin, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Tully Marshall and Betty Compson	The Show of Shows	John Barrymore	Richard Barthelmess	Noah Beery	Loretta Young	Myrna Loy	Chester Conklin	Douglas Fairbanks	Tully Marshall	Betty Compson
cast member	Decision Before Dawn is a 1951 American war film directed by Anatole Litvak, starring Richard Basehart, Oskar Werner, and Hans Christian Blech.	Decision Before Dawn	Richard Basehart	Oskar Werner	Hans Christian Blech
cast member	The Forbidden Dance (also released as The Forbidden Dance is Lambada) is a 1990 drama film starring former Miss USA Laura Harring.	The Forbidden Dance	Laura Harring
cast member	Eyes of Fate is a 1933 British sports fantasy film directed by Ivar Campbell and starring Allan Jeayes, Valerie Hobson and Terence De Marney.	Eyes of Fate	Allan Jeayes	Valerie Hobson	Terence De Marney
cast member	Miss, Please Be Patient is a 1981 South Korean romantic comedy action film starring Kim Tai-chung and Jeong Yun-hui.	Miss, Please Be Patient	Kim Tai-chung
cast member	Hell's Hinges is a 1916 American Western silent film starring William S. Hart and Clara Williams.	Hell's Hinges	William S. Hart	Clara Williams
cast member	Yield to the Night (also titled Blonde Sinner) is a 1956 British crime drama film starring Diana Dors as a murderess sentenced to hang and spending her last days in the condemned cell in a British women's prison.	Yield to the Night	Diana Dors
cast member	Wing and a Prayer (also known as The Story of Carrier X) is a black-and-white 1944 war film about the heroic crew of an American carrier in the desperate early days of World War II in the Pacific theater, directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Dana Andrews and Don Ameche.	Wing and a Prayer	Dana Andrews	Don Ameche
cast member	To minutter for sent is a 1952 Danish crime film directed by Torben Anton Svendsen and starring Poul Reichhardt.	To minutter for sent	Poul Reichhardt
cast member	The Pumpkin Eater is a 1964 British drama film starring Anne Bancroft as an unusually fertile woman and Peter Finch as her philandering husband.	The Pumpkin Eater	Anne Bancroft	Peter Finch
cast member	Thai Thangai Paasam (English: Mother, Sister Affection) is a Tamil film released in 1995 directed and produced by T. Rajendar.	Thai Thangai Paasam	T. Rajendar
cast member	Secret Cargo (French:Cargaison clandestine) is a 1947 French drama film directed by Alfred Rode and starring Luis Mariano, Käthe von Nagy and Claudine Dupuis.	Secret Cargo	Alfred Rode	Luis Mariano	Käthe von Nagy	Claudine Dupuis
cast member	Silent Trigger (written and produced as The Algonquin Goodbye) is a 1996 action thriller film directed by Russell Mulcahy starring Dolph Lundgren and Gina Bellman about a sniper and his female spotter.	Silent Trigger	Dolph Lundgren	Gina Bellman
cast member	Sigappu Rojakkal (English: Red Roses) is a 1978 Indian Tamil psychological thriller film starring Kamal Haasan and Sridevi.	Sigappu Rojakkal	Kamal Haasan	Sridevi
cast member	Changatham is a 1983 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Bhadran, starring Mammootty, Madhavi, Captain Raju and Mohanlal.	Changatham	Mammootty
cast member	Into the Lion's Den is a Discovery Channel documentary about zoologist and big cat trainer Dave Salmoni, armed only with a camera on a pole, carefully conditioning a wild pride of lions to accept his presence.	Into the Lion's Den	Dave Salmoni
cast member	One Dark Night is a 1983 American horror film directed by Tom McLoughlin and starring Meg Tilly, E.G. Daily, and Adam West.	One Dark Night	Meg Tilly	Adam West
cast member	The Terror of Rome Against the Son of Hercules (Italian: Maciste, gladiatore di Sparta) is a 1964 Italian peplum film directed by Mario Caiano and starring Mark Forest and Marilù Tolo.	The Terror of Rome Against the Son of Hercules	Mark Forest	Marilù Tolo
cast member	The Rebel Son, The Barbarian and the Lady or The Rebel Son of Taras Bulba is a 1938 British film, notable as the first film appearance of Patricia Roc.	The Rebel Son	Patricia Roc
cast member	Manyasree Viswamithran is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Madhu .	Manyasree Viswamithran	Madhu
cast member	In the Candlelight is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts, starring William Garwood, Vivian Rich, and Charlotte Burton.	In the Candlelight	William Garwood	Vivian Rich	Charlotte Burton
cast member	Pramani is a 2010 Malayalam film written and directed by B. Unnikrishnan and starring Mammootty, Sneha and Fahadh Faasil in the lead roles.	Pramani	Mammootty
cast member	Marry Me, Cherie (German: Heirate mich, Cherie) is a 1964 German-Austrian comedy film directed by Axel von Ambesser and starring Paul Hubschmid, Letícia Román and Ann Smyrner.	Marry Me, Cherie	Paul Hubschmid	Letícia Román	Ann Smyrner
cast member	The character of London extortioner and gangland boss Alec Spindoe (played by Ray McAnally) first appeared in several episodes of Granada TV's serial The Fellows.	Spindoe	Ray McAnally
cast member	Frackman is an Australian feature-length documentary film which follows the exploits of former construction worker turned anti-fracking activist Dayne Pratzky as he responds to the expansion of the coal seam gas industry near Tara, Queensland.	Frackman	Dayne Pratzky
cast member	It stars Zsuzsa Czinkóczi, then age seven, as main character Csöre, also known as Árvácska (``little orphan'').	Árvácska	Zsuzsa Czinkóczi
cast member	The Strange Woman is a 1946 American dramatic thriller film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring Hedy Lamarr, George Sanders, and Louis Hayward.	The Strange Woman	Hedy Lamarr	George Sanders	Louis Hayward
cast member	Mr. Peabody and the Mermaid is a 1948 fantasy film starring William Powell and Ann Blyth in the title roles.	Mr. Peabody and the Mermaid	William Powell	Ann Blyth
cast member	Spy Games (History Is Made at Night) is a 1999 film directed by Ilkka Järvi-Laturi, and starring Bill Pullman, Irène Jacob, and Bruno Kirby.	Spy Games	Bill Pullman
cast member	Ahankaar is a 1995 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ashim Samanta, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Mamta Kulkarni, Mohnish Bahl, Prem Chopra and Gulshan Grover Mithun Chakraborty Mamta Kulkarni Mohnish Bahl Prem Chopra Gulshan Grover Dinesh Hingoo Aruna Irani Daisy Irani Arif Khan Tiku Talsania Ajit Vachani Sunila	Ahankaar	Gulshan Grover Mithun Chakraborty Mamta Kulkarni Mohnish Bahl Prem Chopra Gulshan Grover
cast member	Society Lawyer is a 1939 crime film starring Walter Pidgeon and Virginia Bruce.	Society Lawyer	Walter Pidgeon	Virginia Bruce
cast member	Tony Burton appeared as Apollo Creed's trainer, Tony ``Duke'' Evers, a role he would reprise in the entire Rocky series, though he is not given an official name until Rocky II. Though uncredited, Michael Dorn, who would later gain fame as the Klingon Worf in Star Trek:	Rocky	Michael Dorn
cast member	Blackwater Trail is a 1995 Australian TV movie shot in Queensland starring Judd Nelson.	Blackwater Trail	Judd Nelson
cast member	Ranuva Veeran is a 1981 Tamil film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Rajinikanth and Sridevi in the lead roles.	Ranuva Veeran	Rajinikanth
cast member	Murder C.O.D. is a 1990 American TV-film directed by Alan Metzger starring Patrick Duffy and William Devane based on the Barbara Paul novel Kill Fee.	Murder C.O.D.	Patrick Duffy
cast member	Many well-known actors and actresses appear in F.I.S.T., including Kevin Conway, Brian Dennehy, Rod Steiger, Melinda Dillon, Richard Herd and Peter Boyle.	F.I.S.T.	Kevin Conway	Brian Dennehy	Rod Steiger	Melinda Dillon	Richard Herd	Peter Boyle
cast member	Beat Takeshi - Kikujiro Kitano Kayoko Kishimoto - Kikujiro's Wife Yusuke Sekiguchi - Masao Yūko Daike - Masao's Mother Kazuko Yoshiyuki - Masao's Grandmother Beat Kiyoshi -Man at the bus stop Rakkyo Ide - Biker Nezumi Mamura - Travelling Man Fumie Hosokawa - Juggler Akaji Maro - Scary Man Daigaku Sekine - Yakuza Boss	Kikujiro	Kayoko Kishimoto	Yūko Daike	Kazuko Yoshiyuki	Beat Kiyoshi	Fumie Hosokawa	Akaji Maro
cast member	Namma Basava is a Kannada language film starring Puneet Rajkumar and Gowri Munjal, it was her debut in the Kannada film industry.	Namma Basava	Gowri Munjal
cast member	Don't Bother to Knock is a 1952 American film noir thriller starring Richard Widmark and Marilyn Monroe and directed by Roy Ward Baker.	Don't Bother to Knock	Richard Widmark	Marilyn Monroe
cast member	The Long and the Short and the Tall (released as Jungle Fighters in the USA and Canada) is a 1961 British war film directed by Leslie Norman, which stars Richard Todd, Richard Harris, Laurence Harvey, David McCallum and Ronald Fraser.	The Long and the Short and the Tall	Richard Todd	Richard Harris	Laurence Harvey	David McCallum	Ronald Fraser
cast member	The Rich Man's Wife is a 1996 American thriller film written and directed by Amy Holden Jones, and starring Halle Berry.	The Rich Man's Wife	Halle Berry
cast member	Tonight and Every Night is a 1945 American musical film directed by Victor Saville and starring Rita Hayworth, Lee Bowman and Janet Blair.	Tonight and Every Night	Rita Hayworth	Lee Bowman	Janet Blair
cast member	The Moelleby Affair (Danish: Affæren i Mølleby) is a 1976 Danish family film directed by Tom Hedegaard and starring Poul Reichhardt.	The Moelleby Affair	Poul Reichhardt
cast member	Operation Concrete (French: Opération béton) (1955) is a documentary made by French filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard, preceding his work in narrative, fiction film.	Operation Concrete	Jean-Luc Godard
cast member	Fleeing the Trap (Persian title: Farar az taleh; Persian: فرار از تله‎‎) is a 1971 Iranian action romance film directed by Jalal Moghadam and starring Behrouz Vossoughi, Davoud Rashidi, Jalal Pishvaeian and Shahin Khalili (Niloofar).	Fleeing the Trap	Behrouz Vossoughi
cast member	The Thrill Killers is a horror/thriller film released in 1964 and directed by low-budget film-maker Ray Dennis Steckler.	The Thrill Killers	Ray Dennis Steckler
cast member	Digging to China is a 1998 American drama film that marked the directorial debut of actor Timothy Hutton and the screen debut of Evan Rachel Wood.	Digging to China	Evan Rachel Wood
cast member	This Modern Age is a 1931 American Pre-Code Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer feature film directed by Nick Grinde starring Joan Crawford, Neil Hamilton, Pauline Frederick and Albert Conti.	This Modern Age	Joan Crawford	Neil Hamilton	Pauline Frederick
cast member	Pagala Karichu Tu(Odia: ପାଗଳ କରିଛୁ ତୁ) is an 2014 Oriya film under the Sarthak Films Banner, produced by Sitaram Agrawal starring Amlan Das, Riya and Siddhanta Mahapatra.	Pagala Karichu Tu	Siddhanta Mahapatra
cast member	Can Heironymus Merkin Ever Forget Mercy Humppe and Find True Happiness? is a 1969 British musical film directed by and starring Anthony Newley.	Can Heironymus Merkin Ever Forget Mercy Humppe and Find True Happiness?	Anthony Newley
cast member	Nesam (Tamil: நேசம்) is a 1997 Tamil film directed by K. Subash starring Ajith Kumar and Maheswari, making her debut, in the lead roles.	Nesam	Ajith Kumar
cast member	Inspector Hornleigh on Holiday is a 1939 British detective film directed by Walter Forde and starring Gordon Harker, Alastair Sim and Linden Travers.	Inspector Hornleigh on Holiday	Gordon Harker	Alastair Sim	Linden Travers
cast member	Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat (lit: ``The Only Mother To You All'') is a 2008 Filipino comedy film starring Ai-Ai de las Alas and Eugene Domingo.	Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat	Ai-Ai de las Alas	Eugene Domingo
cast member	The Fluffy Movie is a 2014 American stand-up comedy film directed by Manny Rodriguez and starring Gabriel Iglesias.	The Fluffy Movie	Gabriel Iglesias
cast member	Alex & Emma is a 2003 American romantic comedy directed by Rob Reiner and starring Kate Hudson and Luke Wilson.	Alex & Emma	Rob Reiner	Kate Hudson	Luke Wilson
cast member	Sri Venkateswara Mahatyam is a 1960 Magnum opus Telugu mythological film produced and directed by P. Pullaiah and starring N. T. Rama Rao.	Sri Venkateswara Mahatyam	N. T. Rama Rao
cast member	Du Barry, Woman of Passion is a 1930 talking film drama starring Norma Talmadge, produced by her husband Joseph Schenck, released through United Artists, and based on a 1901 stage play Du Barry written and produced by David Belasco and starring Mrs. Leslie Carter.	Du Barry, Woman of Passion	Norma Talmadge
cast member	Showdown in Little Tokyo is a 1991 American buddy cop-action film directed by Mark L. Lester, and starring Dolph Lundgren and Brandon Lee.	Showdown in Little Tokyo	Dolph Lundgren	Brandon Lee
cast member	Secrets of the Psychics was a PBS NOVA episode following James Randi's work.	Secrets of the Psychics	James Randi
cast member	The Second Woman is a 1950 film noir mystery-suspense film directed by James V. Kern and featuring Robert Young, Betsy Drake, John Sutton, and Florence Bates.	The Second Woman	Robert Young	Betsy Drake	Florence Bates
cast member	Drømmen om kaptein Sabeltanns rike (English: The Dream of Captain Sabertooth's Kingdom) is a 1996 Norwegian children's film written and directed by, and starring Terje Formoe.	Drømmen om kaptein Sabeltanns rike	Terje Formoe
cast member	What's the Time in Your World? (Persian: در دنیای تو ساعت چند است؟ / Dar Donya-ye To Saát Chand Ast?) is a 2014 drama film by Safi Yazdanian, the main actors are Ali Mosaffa and Leila Hatami.	What's the Time in Your World?	Leila Hatami
cast member	The Corpse Came C.O.D. is a 1947 American film directed by Henry Levin, produced by Samuel Bischoff and starring George Brent and Joan Blondell.	The Corpse Came C.O.D.	George Brent
cast member	Captain Craddock (French:Le capitaine Craddock) is a 1931 German French-language musical comedy film directed by Max de Vaucorbeil and Hanns Schwarz and starring Jean Murat, Käthe von Nagy and Charles Redgie.	Captain Craddock	Jean Murat	Käthe von Nagy
cast member	Karamdaata is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Shashilal K. Nair, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Shammi Kapoor, Amrita Singh, Jagdeep, Kiran Kumar and Dina Pathak	Karamdaata	Mithun Chakraborty	Shammi Kapoor	Amrita Singh	Jagdeep	Kiran Kumar	Dina Pathak
cast member	Tommy takes them to the Trees Lounge to carry on drinking, where a drunken brawl breaks out between his cousin and one of the regulars, Mike (Mark Boone Junior).	Trees Lounge	Mark Boone Junior
cast member	One Mysterious Night is a 1944 crime film, the seventh in a Columbia Pictures series starring Chester Morris as reformed crook Boston Blackie.	One Mysterious Night	Chester Morris
cast member	Nice Girl? is a 1941 American musical film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin, Franchot Tone, Walter Brennan, Robert Stack, and Robert Benchley.	Nice Girl?	Deanna Durbin	Franchot Tone	Walter Brennan	Robert Stack	Robert Benchley
cast member	Secret Admirer is a 1985 American teen romantic comedy film written and directed by David Greenwalt in his feature film directorial debut, and starring C. Thomas Howell, Lori Loughlin, Kelly Preston and Fred Ward.	Secret Admirer	C. Thomas Howell	Lori Loughlin	Kelly Preston	Fred Ward
cast member	Bhaiyya Bhaiyya (Theatrical name: Bhayya Bhayya) is a 2014 Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Johny Antony and scripted by Benny P. Nayarambalam starring Kunchacko Boban and Biju Menon in lead roles.	Bhaiyya Bhaiyya	Kunchacko Boban
cast member	The Haunted Honeymoon (1925) is a silent film directed by Fred Guiol and Ted Wilde, starring Glenn Tryon and Janet Gaynor, in one of her first films.	The Haunted Honeymoon	Glenn Tryon
cast member	Elsamma Enna Aankutty (English: A Boy Called Elsamma) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Lal Jose and written by M. Sindhuraj & Sangeeth Kollam starring Kunchacko Boban, Ann Augustine, and Indrajith in the lead roles.	Elsamma Enna Aankutty	Kunchacko Boban	Ann Augustine
cast member	The Final Comedown is a 1972 blaxploitation drama film written, produced and directed by Oscar Williams and starring Billy Dee Williams and D'Urville Martin.	The Final Comedown	Billy Dee Williams	D'Urville Martin
cast member	A Romance of Wastdale is a 1921 British silent adventure film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Milton Rosmer, Valya Venitskaya and Fred Raynham.	A Romance of Wastdale	Milton Rosmer	Fred Raynham
cast member	Murphy steals Blue Thunder and arranges to have his girlfriend Kate (Candy Clark) retrieve the tape and deliver it to the local news station, using the helicopter to thwart her pursuers.	Blue Thunder	Candy Clark
cast member	It starred Hubert Damen as the eponymous Witse, a driven inspector in the Belgian federal police based in Halle.	Witse	Hubert Damen
cast member	Rahe Chardi Kala Punjab Di is a 2012 Punjabi drama film starring Shakti Kapoor, Sharad Saxena, Prabhleen Sandhu, Dakssh Ajit Singh, Jimmy Sharma and Sapna Thakur.	Rahe Chardi Kala Punjab Di	Prabhleen Sandhu
cast member	Originally there was to have been a promotional Stripperella comic published by Humanoids Publishing (publishers of Métal Hurlant magazine) alongside the animated series, but creative differences between TNN/Spike TV and Pamela Anderson saw it canceled before publication.	Stripperella	Pamela Anderson
cast member	Other regulars in Carry On Dick were Kenneth Williams, Bernard Bresslaw, Joan Sims, Kenneth Connor, Peter Butterworth and Jack Douglas.	Carry On Dick	Kenneth Williams	Bernard Bresslaw	Joan Sims	Kenneth Connor	Peter Butterworth	Jack Douglas
cast member	In Name Only is a 1939 romantic film starring Cary Grant, Carole Lombard and Kay Francis, directed by John Cromwell.	In Name Only	Cary Grant	Carole Lombard	Kay Francis
cast member	Chigurida Kanasu (Kannada: ಚಿಗುರಿದ ಕನಸು) is a 2003 Indian Kannada film directed by T. S. Nagabharana, starring Shiva Rajkumar, Rekha Unnikrishnan and Avinash in pivotal roles.	Chigurida Kanasu	Shiva Rajkumar
cast member	Thachiledathu Chundan is a 1999 Malayalam action-drama film directed by Shajoon Karyal, produced by Thampi Kannanthanam, and starring Mammootty, Nandini, Thilakan, Nedumudi Venu, Captain Raju and Kaveri.	Thachiledathu Chundan	Mammootty
cast member	After Dusk They Come (also known as The Tribe and The Forgotten Ones) is a 2009 horror/thriller movie written and directed by Jorg Ihle, and starring Jewel Staite.	After Dusk They Come	Jewel Staite
cast member	One of the first season's main characters was Tobias 'Toby' Wren (Robert Powell), who provided one of Doomwatch's most memorable episodes when he was dramatically killed off in an explosion at the conclusion of the season one finale, Survival Code.	Doomwatch	Robert Powell
cast member	Kotch is a 1971 American comedy-drama film directed by Jack Lemmon and starring Walter Matthau, Deborah Winters, Felicia Farr, Charles Aidman and Ellen Geer.	Kotch	Jack Lemmon	Walter Matthau	Deborah Winters	Felicia Farr	Charles Aidman	Ellen Geer
cast member	Chotta Mumbai is a 2007 Malayalam comedy film directed by Anwar Rasheed, written by Benny P Nayarambalam, and produced by Maniyanpilla Raju.	Chotta Mumbai	Maniyanpilla Raju
cast member	Linda Sara is a 1994 Puerto Rican film directed by Jacobo Morales and starring singer Chayanne and former Miss Universe Dayanara Torres.	Linda Sara	Chayanne	Dayanara Torres
cast member	The Scarlet and the Black is a 1983 made for TV movie starring Gregory Peck and Christopher Plummer.	The Scarlet and the Black	Gregory Peck	Christopher Plummer
cast member	Sipayi Ramu (Kannada: ಸಿಪಾಯಿ ರಾಮು) is 1972 Indian Kannada language film directed by Y. R. Swamy, based on the novel Barale Innu Yamune? by Nuggehalli Pankaja, and starring Rajkumar, Leelavathi, Aarathi in lead roles.	Sipayi Ramu	Rajkumar
cast member	Nuns on the Run is a 1990 British comedy film starring Eric Idle and Robbie Coltrane, also featuring Camille Coduri and Janet Suzman.	Nuns on the Run	Eric Idle	Robbie Coltrane	Camille Coduri	Janet Suzman
cast member	The Red Squirrel (Spanish: La ardilla roja) is a 1993 drama film by the Spanish filmmaker Julio Médem, starring Emma Suárez and Nancho Novo.	The Red Squirrel	Emma Suárez	Nancho Novo
cast member	Feel My Pulse is a 1928 silent film about a wealthy hypochondriac, played by Bebe Daniels, who inherits a sanatorium and finds love and adventure.	Feel My Pulse	Bebe Daniels
cast member	The Last Flight of Noah's Ark is a 1980 family adventure film produced by Walt Disney Productions starring Elliott Gould, Geneviève Bujold and Ricky Schroder .	The Last Flight of Noah's Ark	Elliott Gould	Geneviève Bujold	Ricky Schroder
cast member	Live at the O2 London, England is a DVD by Kings of Leon released on November 10, 2009.	Live at the O2 London, England	Kings of Leon
cast member	Five and Ten is a 1931 American Pre-Code romantic drama film starring Marion Davies as an heiress and Leslie Howard as the man she loves, though he marries someone else.	Five and Ten	Marion Davies	Leslie Howard
cast member	When Louis Met... is a series of documentary films made by BAFTA award-winning film-maker Louis Theroux.	When Louis Met...	Louis Theroux
cast member	Bavuttiyude Namathil (English:In the name of Bavutty) is a 2012 Malayalam drama part-thriller film produced and written by Ranjith, directed by G. S. Vijayan, and starring Mammootty, Kavya Madhavan, Shankar Ramakrishnan, Kaniha, Rima Kallingal and Vineeth.	Bavuttiyude Namathil	Mammootty	Kavya Madhavan	Shankar Ramakrishnan	Rima Kallingal	Vineeth
cast member	19-Nineteen (Hangul: 나의 19세; lit. ``I'm 19 years old'') is a 2009 South Korean-Japanese film starring T.O.P, Seungri and Huh E-jae.	19-Nineteen	T.O.P	Seungri	Huh
cast member	Avenging Angelo is a 2002 American Mafia comedy film directed by Martyn Burke that stars Sylvester Stallone and Madeleine Stowe.	Avenging Angelo	Sylvester Stallone	Madeleine Stowe
cast member	Aalemane (Kannada: ಆಲೆಮನೆ) is a 1981 Kannada movie starring Suresh Heblikar, Mohan Kumar, Roopa Chakravarthi and Upasane Seetaram.	Aalemane	Suresh Heblikar
cast member	The Prodigal is a 1955 Biblical epic film made by MGM starring Lana Turner.	The Prodigal	Lana Turner
cast member	Raketeros is a 2013 Filipino comedy film produced by Heaven's Best Entertainment starring some of 90's comedy icons Herbert Bautista, Dennis Padilla, Long Mejia, Andrew E., and Ogie Alcasid.	Raketeros	Herbert Bautista
cast member	Unnai Kann Theduthey is a 2000 Indian Tamil drama film, directed by Sundar C, starring Sathyaraj, Kushboo and Ravali in lead roles.	Unnai Kann Theduthey	Sathyaraj
cast member	The Death Collector (also known as The Family Enforcer) is a 1976 low-budget crime film directed by Ralph De Vito and starring Joseph Cortese, Joe Pesci and Frank Vincent.	The Death Collector	Joseph Cortese	Joe Pesci	Frank Vincent
cast member	An Elephant on His Hands is a 1913 American silent short comedy film directed by Al Christie and starring Eddie Lyons, Lee Moran and Lon Chaney.	An Elephant on His Hands	Eddie Lyons	Lee Moran	Lon Chaney
cast member	Viva and Louis Waldon, playing themselves, starred in Blue Movie.	Blue Movie	Viva
cast member	Matt McCoy as Preston Rogers Haley Joel as Amanda Christien Tinsley as Otis Wilhelm Ashley Hartman as Karen Herdberger Tiffany Shepis as Tracy Karin Anna Cheung as C.J. Natalie Compagno as Michelle Lance Henriksen as Ziegler Dane Rex Linn as Farmer Hoss Jeffrey Combs as Buddy, The Clerk Michael Deak as Abominable Snowman	Abominable	Christien Tinsley	Ashley Hartman	Tiffany Shepis	Karin Anna Cheung
cast member	Why Girls Say No is a 1927 American silent comedy film featuring Max Davidson.	Why Girls Say No	Max Davidson
cast member	Family Foreman is an American reality television series starring former heavyweight boxing champion and ``grillionaire'' George Foreman and his family.	Family Foreman	George Foreman
cast member	Santa Santita, or Magdalena, The Unholy Saint, is a 2004 Filipino film starring Angelica Panganiban and Jericho Rosales, directed by Laurice Guillen.	Santa Santita	Angelica Panganiban
cast member	Land of the Blind is a 2006 British-American black comedy drama film starring Ralph Fiennes, Donald Sutherland, Tom Hollander and Lara Flynn Boyle.	Land of the Blind	Ralph Fiennes	Donald Sutherland	Tom Hollander	Lara Flynn Boyle
cast member	Starring Daniel Henney, Eliza Coupe, and Bill Paxton, Shanghai Calling is a story about a group of Americans who find themselves immigrants in a foreign country.	Shanghai Calling	Daniel Henney	Eliza Coupe	Bill Paxton
cast member	Louis, the Child King (French: Louis, enfant roi) is a 1993 French drama film directed by Roger Planchon.	Louis, the Child King	Roger Planchon
cast member	A German Robinson Crusoe (German: Ein Robinson) is a 1940 German drama film directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Herbert A.E. Böhme, Marieluise Claudius, and Claus Clausen.	A German Robinson Crusoe	Herbert A.E. Böhme	Marieluise Claudius	Claus Clausen
cast member	During the opening credits Robert Goulet and Andy Williams perform a duet ``I'd Rather Be Rich''.	I'd Rather Be Rich	Robert Goulet	Andy Williams
cast member	A Munition Girl's Romance is a 1917 British silent thriller film directed by Frank Wilson and starring Violet Hopson, Gregory Scott and George Foley.	A Munition Girl's Romance	Violet Hopson
cast member	Awaaz is a 1984 Hindi movie directed by Shakti Samanta with Rajesh Khanna in the lead role and supported by Jaya Prada, Rakesh Roshan, Suresh Oberoi, Supriya Pathak, Iftekar, Prem Chopra, Madan Puri and Amrish Puri.	Awaaz	Rajesh Khanna	Jaya Prada	Rakesh Roshan	Suresh Oberoi	Prem Chopra	Amrish Puri
cast member	Ali Cengiz Oyunu is a 1971 Turkish romance film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Izzet Günay, Gülistan Güzey, and Hulusi Kentmen.	Ali Cengiz Oyunu	Hulusi Kentmen
cast member	Front Page Detective stars Edmund Lowe as David Chase, a newspaper columnist who helps police solve especially difficult mysteries.	Front Page Detective	Edmund Lowe
cast member	Eternity and a Day (Greek: Μια αιωνιότητα και μια μέρα, Mia aioniotita kai mia mera) is a 1998 Greek film starring Bruno Ganz, and directed by Theo Angelopoulos.	Eternity and a Day	Bruno Ganz
cast member	Yours for the Asking is a 1936 film starring George Raft as a casino owner and Dolores Costello as the socialite he hires as hostess.	Yours for the Asking	George Raft	Dolores Costello
cast member	Whispering Sands (Pasir Berbisik) is a 2001 film Indonesian drama film directed by Nan Triveni Achnas and starring Christine Hakim and Dian Sastrowardoyo as a mother and her teenage daughter who are refugees making their way across endless sand dunes.	Whispering Sands	Christine Hakim	Dian Sastrowardoyo
cast member	The Body Said No! is a 1950 British comedy crime film directed by Val Guest and starring Michael Rennie, Yolande Donlan and Hy Hazell.	The Body Said No!	Michael Rennie
cast member	Anna in Kungfuland is a 2003 Hong Kong romantic comedy martial arts film directed by Raymond Yip, and starring Miriam Yeung and Ekin Cheng.	Anna in Kungfuland	Miriam Yeung	Ekin Cheng
cast member	Cigarettes, Whiskey and Wild Women or Cigarettes, whisky et p'tites pépées is a 1959 French comedy film, directed by Maurice Régamey.	Cigarettes, Whiskey and Wild Women	Maurice Régamey
cast member	Bhargavacharitham Moonam Khandam is 2006 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Jomon starring Mammootty, Sreenivasan and Rahman.Is slight adaptation from the movie Analyze This	Bhargavacharitham Moonam Khandam	Mammootty	Sreenivasan
cast member	In Country is a 1989 American drama film produced and directed by Norman Jewison, starring Bruce Willis and Emily Lloyd.	In Country	Bruce Willis	Emily Lloyd
cast member	Lord Don't Slow Me Down is a rockumentary film, looking back on British rock band Oasis' Don't Believe the Truth world tour which took place from May 2005 to March 2006.	Lord Don't Slow Me Down	Oasis
cast member	The Reluctant Astronaut (1967) is a Universal Pictures feature film produced and directed by Edward Montagne and starring Don Knotts in a story about a kiddie-ride operator who is hired as a janitor at the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston and is eventually sent into space.	The Reluctant Astronaut	Don Knotts
cast member	A Perfect 36 is a 1918 American silent comedy film directed by Charles Giblyn, written by Tex Charwate, and starring Mabel Normand and Rod La Rocque.	A Perfect 36	Mabel Normand	Rod La Rocque
cast member	Mother India is a 1957 Indian epic drama film, directed by Mehboob Khan and starring Nargis, Sunil Dutt, Rajendra Kumar, and Raaj Kumar.	Mother India	Nargis	Sunil Dutt	Rajendra Kumar	Raaj Kumar
cast member	Betrayal from the East is a 1945 spy film starring Lee Tracy and Nancy Kelly.	Betrayal from the East	Lee Tracy	Nancy Kelly
cast member	Unarchigal is a 1976 Tamil language film directed by R. C. Sakthi starring Kamal Haasan and Srividya in the lead roles.	Unarchigal	Kamal Haasan	Srividya
cast member	The Isle stars Seo Jeong and Kim Yu-seok as an unlikely couple who develop a love for each other despite the unusual circumstances.	The Isle	Seo Jeong	Kim Yu-seok
cast member	The Valachi Papers is a 1972 crime movie starring Charles Bronson and Lino Ventura and directed by Terence Young.	The Valachi Papers	Charles Bronson	Lino Ventura
cast member	Ghost Dad is a 1990 American fantasy comedy film directed by Sidney Poitier and starring Bill Cosby, in which a widower's spirit is able to communicate with his children after his death.	Ghost Dad	Bill Cosby
cast member	Carry On Matron was the second and last Carry On... for Kenneth Cope.	Carry On Matron	Kenneth Cope
cast member	A Foreign Affair is a 1948 American romantic comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Jean Arthur, Marlene Dietrich, and John Lund.	A Foreign Affair	Jean Arthur	Marlene Dietrich	John Lund
cast member	Adalat o Ekti Meye (English title: The Law and a Lady) is a 1981 Bengali feature film directed by Tapan Sinha, starring Tanuja in the lead role.	Adalat o Ekti Meye	Tanuja
child	Pausanias devotes more space to Agis II (427--400) and Agesilaus II (400--360) than to other kings, such as Agis III (338--330) and Eudamidas I, whose lives he passed by briefly, as the Eurypontid line ``fades''.	Eudamidas I	Agesilaus
child	Wu Chengsi was succeeded by his eldest son Wu Yanji (武延基) who had married Princess Yongtai daughter of Emperor Zhongzong.	Wu Chengsi	Wu Yanji
child	A few years after his death, a DNA test revealed that Paula Yates' biological father was not Jess Yates, but the television presenter, Hughie Green.	Jess Yates	Paula Yates
child	He married Anna Magdalena Smit in 1865, and the couple had three daughters (Anne Madeleine, Jacqueline E. van der Waals, Johanna Diderica) and one son, the physicist Johannes Diderik van der Waals, Jr. Jacqueline was a poet of some note.	Johannes Diderik van der Waals	Jacqueline E. van der Waals
child	Tyti's son, Ramesses Amonhirkhopshef (the future Ramesses IV), was the eldest and the successor chosen by Ramesses III in preference to Tiye's son Pentaweret.	Ramesses III	Ramesses IV
child	In classical Greek and Roman mythology, Abarbarea (Ἀβαρβαρέα) is a naiad, daughter of the river god Aesepus.	Abarbarea	Aesepus
child	Princess Augusta Wilhelmine of Hesse-Darmstadt (German: Marie Auguste Wilhelmine von Hessen-Darmstadt) (14 April 1765 -- 30 March 1796) was the mother of King Ludwig I of Bavaria.	Princess Augusta Wilhelmine of Hesse-Darmstadt	Ludwig I of Bavaria
child	Ebuskun served as regent for the Central Asian Mongol Empire from 1242 until 1246 for the minor Qara Hülëgü.	Ebuskun	Qara Hülëgü
child	Hamilcar Barca or Barcas (c. 275 -- 228 BC) was a Carthaginian general and statesman, leader of the Barcid family, and father of Hannibal, Hasdrubal and Mago.	Hamilcar Barca	Hannibal	Hasdrubal	Mago
child	Finally, Khamaat, the wife of a nobleman named Ptahshepses and daughter of a king, may be a daughter of Shepseskaf or Userkaf.	Shepseskaf	Userkaf
child	Abigail Adams (née Smith; November 22 (O.S. November 11) 1744 -- October 28, 1818) was the wife of John Adams and the mother of John Quincy Adams.	Abigail Adams	John Quincy Adams
child	Joyce Gemayel (Arabic: جويس جميل‎) (born Joyce Tyan) is the wife of former president of Lebanon, Amin Gemayel (1982-1988), and mother of the assassinated politician Pierre Amine Gemayel, and Samy Gemayel.	Joyce Gemayel	Pierre Amine Gemayel	Samy Gemayel
child	Paulina or Paullina was the name shared by three relatives of the Roman Emperor Hadrian: his mother, his elder sister and his niece.	Paulina	Hadrian
child	Christina Hvide (in Swedish: Kristina Stigsdotter) (c. 1145 -- c. 1200) was a mediaeval Swedish Queen, queen consort of King Charles VII of Sweden and mother of King Sverker II of Sweden.	Christina Hvide	Sverker II of Sweden
child	Amanineteyerike and Baskakeren are thought to be sons of Malewiebamani.	Malewiebamani	Amanineteyerike	Baskakeren
child	Publius Licinius Crassus Dives (died 87 BC) was a member of the respected and prominent Crassi branch of the plebeian gens Licinia as well as the father of the famed Marcus Licinius Crassus.	Publius Licinius Crassus Dives	Marcus Licinius Crassus
child	Adelaide del Vasto (Adelasia, Azalaïs) (c. 1075 -- 16 April 1118) was the third wife of Roger I of Sicily and mother of Roger II of Sicily, as well as Queen consort of Jerusalem due to her later marriage to Baldwin I of Jerusalem, as his third wife.	Adelaide del Vasto	Roger II of Sicily
child	Paula Strasberg (1909 -- April 29, 1966) was a former stage actress who became actor and teacher Lee Strasberg's second wife, mother of actors John and Susan Strasberg as well as Marilyn Monroe's acting coach and confidante.	Paula Strasberg	Susan Strasberg
child	Fouad Jumblatt was the father of Kamal Jumblatt, and grandfather of the Druze political leader, Walid Jumblatt.	Fouad Jumblatt	Kamal Jumblatt
child	Georg Jacob Bull was the father of later government minister Anders Sandøe Ørsted Bull.	Georg Jacob Bull	Anders Sandøe Ørsted Bull
child	Karin Stoltenberg, née Heiberg (23 November 1931 -- 17 October 2012), was a Norwegian geneticist, politician and public official noted for her efforts to develop a coherent family policy in Norway, feminist activities, and for being the mother of prime minister Jens Stoltenberg, and wife of foreign minister Thorvald Stoltenberg.	Karin Stoltenberg	Jens Stoltenberg
child	However, as Li Xiang had predicted, Li Xiong's sons were unhappy they were passed over, and later in the year, his son Li Yue (李越) assassinated Li Ban and made another son of his, Li Qi, emperor.	Li Xiong	Li Yue	Li Qi
child	Chan Mah Phee's second son, Chan Chor Khine inherited and expanded his father's businesses.	Chan Mah Phee	Chan Chor Khine
child	Marie of Prussia (German: Marie Friederike Franziska Hedwig von Preußen; October 15, 1825 -- May 17, 1889) was Queen of Bavaria and the mother of Kings Ludwig II and Otto of Bavaria.	Marie of Prussia	Otto of Bavaria
child	Fearing the Woodvilles would attempt to monopolise power, Gloucester quickly moved to take control of the young king and had Anthony Woodville, 2nd Earl Rivers, and Richard Grey, brother and son to Elizabeth Woodville, arrested.	Elizabeth Woodville	Richard Grey
conflict	Melchisedek Tsouderos (1769-1823) was a Greek monk and fighter of the Greek War of Independence from Crete.	Melchisedek Tsouderos	Greek War of Independence
conflict	The Communards were members and supporters of the short-lived 1871 Paris Commune formed in the wake of the Franco-Prussian War and France's defeat.	Communards	Franco-Prussian War
conflict	Captain George Everard Gibbons MC, DFC (15 February 1896 -- 20 March 1923) was a British World War I flying ace credited with 18 aerial victories gained while flying a Bristol F.2 Fighter in 1918.	George Everard Gibbons	World War I
conflict	Rear Admiral Thomas Oliver Selfridge (24 April 1804 -- 15 October 1902) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Mexican-- American War and the American Civil War and was the father of Thomas O. Selfridge, Jr.	Thomas Oliver Selfridge	Mexican-- American War
conflict	As the Cold War begins, von Stalhein enters the services of the Communist bloc, until his former masters imprison him on the island of Sakhalin, from where Biggles helps him escape in Biggles Buries a Hatchet.	Biggles	Cold War
conflict	Aleksander Tõnisson VR I/1 (April 17, 1875 -- June 30, 1941) was an Estonian military commander (Major General) during the Estonian War of Independence.	Aleksander Tõnisson	Estonian War of Independence
conflict	James D. Henry (1797 -- March 5, 1834) was a militia officer from the U.S. state of Illinois who rose to the rank of general during the Black Hawk War.	James D. Henry	Black Hawk War
conflict	Naik Saif Ali Janjua Pakistan Army Azad Kashmir Regiment (Haider Dil Battalion) was a platoon commander during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947.	Saif Ali Janjua	Indo-Pakistani War of 1947
conflict	Jean Maximilien Lamarque (1770--1832) was a French commander during the Napoleonic Wars who later became a member of French Parliament.	Jean Maximilien Lamarque	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Leutnant Adolf Schulte was a German World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories.	Adolf Schulte	World War I
conflict	Vizeflugmeister Karl Scharon was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.	Karl Scharon	World War I
conflict	Gotthard Sachsenberg (6 December 1891 -- 23 August 1961) was a German World War I fighter ace with 31 victories who went on to command the world's first naval air wing.	Gotthard Sachsenberg	World War I
conflict	Ebenezer Skellie (August 1842 -- July 2, 1898) was a Union soldier during the American Civil War.	Ebenezer Skellie	American Civil War
conflict	When the Franco-Prussian War broke out, Gabriel Monod, with his cousins Alfred and Sarah Monod, organized an ambulance with which he followed the whole campaign, from Sedan to Le Mans.	Gabriel Monod	Franco-Prussian War
conflict	Sophus Baagoe was a member of the Luftwaffe at the beginning of the war and participated in the Battle of France, where he claimed his first four victories.	Sophus Baagoe	Battle of France
conflict	Cook Cleland (Dec 24, 1916 -- June 13, 2007) was a World War II United States Navy and civilian air race pilot.	Cook Cleland	World War II
conflict	John Rannahan (1836 -- 1 June 1892) was a corporal in the U.S. Marine Corps stationed aboard the USS Minnesota during the American Civil War.	John Rannahan	American Civil War
conflict	Private First Class Enrique Romero-Nieves born in Culebra, Puerto Rico, was a member of the United States Marine Corps who served in the Korean War.	Enrique Romero-Nieves	Korean War
conflict	The bulk of the Biggles books are set after World War I and after Johns' flying career was over.	Biggles	World War I
conflict	Philip Kearny, Jr. (/ˈkɑːrniː/; June 1, 1815 -- September 1, 1862) was a United States Army officer, notable for his leadership in the Mexican-American War and American Civil War.	Philip Kearny	American Civil War
conflict	Jean-Antoine Verdier (2 May 1767 -- 1839) was a French General during the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Jean-Antoine Verdier	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Friedrich Kirchner (26 March 1885 -- 6 April 1960) was a German general during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern).	Friedrich Kirchner	World War II
conflict	The AR-10 was officially adopted by the Portuguese paratroopers (Caçadores páraquedistas) battalions, and the rifle saw considerable combat service in Portugal's counter-insurgency campaigns in Angola and Mozambique.	AR-10	Angola
conflict	Leonard Chadwick (November 24, 1878 -- May 18, 1940) was a Spanish-- American War Medal of Honor recipient who served in the United States Navy as an Apprentice 1st Class aboard the USS Marblehead (C-11).	Leonard Chadwick	Spanish-- American War
conflict	During the Gulf War it was widely reported in the popular press that Tornados were shot down by AAA fire and MANPADS during delivery of the JP233 munition, but in fact none of the losses occurred during the attack phase of a JP233 mission.	JP233	Gulf War
conflict	Brigadier General Ferruccio Ranza began his military career as a World War I flying ace credited with seventeen confirmed victories and eight unconfirmed ones.	Ferruccio Ranza	World War I
conflict	Flight Sergeant William Thomas Smith DCM, MM (21 October 1896 -- October 1994) was a British World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.	William Thomas Smith	World War I
conflict	Benjamin Franklin Falls (July 1, 1824 - May 12, 1864) was a Medal of Honor recipient, an honor he received for his actions during the American Civil War.	Benjamin Franklin Falls	American Civil War
conflict	Sharp Delany (c. 1739--1799), was a Colonel in the American Revolutionary War and was appointed first Collector of Customs in Philadelphia by George Washington.	Sharp Delany	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Eston von Sohr was a Colonel of Prussian cavalry, Prussian hussars commanding the 2nd cavalry brigade at Waterloo and during the Battle of Rocquencourt.	Eston von Sohr	Battle of Rocquencourt
conflict	The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (Turkish: Bakü Türk Şehitleri Anıtı) is a memorial dedicated to the Ottoman soldiers killed during the World War I in Azerbaijan.	Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial	World War I
conflict	Max-Martin Teichert (31 January 1915 in Kiel -- 12 May 1943 in the North Atlantic) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and posthumous recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Max-Martin Teichert	World War II
conflict	The Lancia 1Z and the Lancia 1ZM were two variations of an Italian armoured car built during World War I and which saw limited service during that war, the interwar period, and during World War II.	Lancia 1ZM	World War I
conflict	USS Sussex (SP-685) was a commercial fishing freighter acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She served as a minesweeper on the U.S. East Coast through the war and was sold after the World War I Armistice.	USS Sussex (SP-685)	World War I
conflict	Lieutenant (later Brigadier General) Arthur Edmund Easterbrook started his career as a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.	Arthur Edmund Easterbrook	World War I
conflict	Standartenführer Ludwig Gaim (born 1 April 1892, date of death unknown) was a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.	Ludwig Gaim	World War I
conflict	The French police continued to use the MAS-38 after World War II until it was replaced in the 1950s by the MAT-49 submachine gun.	MAS-38	World War II
conflict	William Erwin Walker, aka Erwin M. Walker and Machine Gun Walker (1918−1982) was a former police employee and World War II Army veteran remembered for a violent series of thefts, burglaries, and shootouts with police in Los Angeles County, California during 1945 and 1946.	Erwin Walker	World War II
conflict	Pierre Chaulet (born and died in Algiers 1930-5 October 2012) was an Algerian doctor who worked with the FLN during the Algerian War.	Pierre Chaulet	Algerian War
conflict	Bertrand du Guesclin (c. 1320 -- 13 July 1380), nicknamed ``The Eagle of Brittany'' or ``The Black Dog of Brocéliande'', was a Breton knight and French military commander during the Hundred Years' War.	Bertrand du Guesclin	Hundred Years' War
conflict	Oliver Law (October 23, 1900 -- July 9, 1937) was an African American communist and labor organizer, who fought for the Republic in the Spanish Civil War.	Oliver Law	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Frederick A. Lyon (June 25, 1843 -- September 23, 1911) was a soldier in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War.	Frederick A. Lyon	American Civil War
conflict	Guilin Laurent Bizanet (10 August 1755 -- 18 April 1836) was a Republican French Revolutionary General who served during the American Revolutionary War, French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Guilin Laurent Bizanet	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Captain Clive Franklyn Collett was a World War I flying ace from New Zealand credited with 11 aerial victories.	Clive Franklyn Collett	World War I
conflict	Edwin Vose Sumner (January 30, 1797 -- March 21, 1863) was a career United States Army officer who became a Union Army general and the oldest field commander of any Army Corps on either side during the American Civil War.	Edwin Vose Sumner	American Civil War
conflict	James H. Bronson (1838 -- March 16, 1884) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War and a recipient of America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor.	James H. Bronson	American Civil War
conflict	During World War I Raymond Duchamp-Villon served in the French army in a medical capacity, but still worked on his major cubist sculpture, The Horse.	Raymond Duchamp-Villon	World War I
conflict	John Francis Sheehan (1910--1942) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II for whom a destroyer escort was named during the war.	John Francis Sheehan	World War II
conflict	James Edwards Rains (April 10, 1833 -- December 31, 1862) was a lawyer and colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	James Edwards Rains	American Civil War
constellation	Eta Trianguli Australis (η TrA, η Trianguli Australis) is a star in the constellation Triangulum Australe.	Eta Trianguli Australis	Triangulum Australe
constellation	Upsilon Boötis (υ Boo, υ Boötis) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	Upsilon Boötis	Boötes
constellation	45 Boötis or c Boötis is a binary star in the constellation Boötes.	45 Boötis	Boötes
constellation	Delta Caeli (δ Cae, δ Caeli) is a star in the constellation Caelum.	Delta Caeli	Caelum
constellation	HR 5955 is an orange giant star, type K1.5III CN1, in the far southern constellation of Apus.	HR 5955	Apus
constellation	The Iris Nebula, also NGC 7023 and Caldwell 4, is a bright reflection nebula and Caldwell object in the constellation Cepheus.	Iris Nebula	Cepheus
constellation	SDSS J0100+2802 (SDSS J010013.02+280225.8) is a hyperluminous quasar located near the border of the constellations Pisces and Andromeda.	SDSS J0100+2802	Pisces
constellation	HD 199442 is a giant star situated in the Aquarius constellation.	HD 199442	Aquarius
constellation	Chi Herculis (χ Her) is a star in the constellation Hercules.	Chi Herculis	Hercules
constellation	HD 73534 is an 8th magnitude G-type subgiant star located approximately 260 light years away in the constellation Cancer.	HD 73534	Cancer
constellation	HD 149026, also named Ogma, is a yellow subgiant star approximately 260 light-years from the Sun in the constellation of Hercules.	HD 149026	Hercules
constellation	75 Cancri (abbr.: 75 Cnc) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation Cancer.	75 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	NGC 6152 is an open cluster of stars located in the constellation Norma.	NGC 6152	Norma
constellation	IC 1613 (also known as Caldwell 51) is an irregular dwarf galaxy in the constellation Cetus near the star 26 Ceti.	IC 1613	Cetus
constellation	Mu Arietis (μ Ari, μ Arietis) is the Bayer designation for a star system in the northern constellation of Aries.	Mu Arietis	Aries
constellation	NGC 5170 is an edge-on spiral galaxy in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 5170	Virgo
constellation	WISE J222055.31−362817.4 (designation abbreviated to WISE 2220−3628) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0, located in constellation Grus at approximately 26 light-years from Earth.	WISE 2220−3628	Grus
constellation	The Crab Nebula (catalogue designations M1, NGC 1952, Taurus A) is a supernova remnant and pulsar wind nebula in the constellation of Taurus.	Crab Nebula	Taurus
constellation	UY Scuti is a bright red supergiant and pulsating variable star in the constellation Scutum.	UY Scuti	Scutum
constellation	38 Geminorum (38 Gem) is a star in the constellation Gemini.	38 Geminorum	Gemini
constellation	TVLM513-46546 is an ultracool brown dwarf in the constellation Boötes, exhibiting a flare star activity and all the same varying semi-regularly due to dissimilarly bright hemispheres and a rotation period of about two days.	TVLM513-46546	Boötes
constellation	13 Monocerotis (13 Mon) is a supergiant star in the constellation Monoceros.	13 Monocerotis	Monoceros
constellation	HD 41742/41700 is a star system that lies approximately 87 light-years away in the constellation of Puppis.	HD 41742/41700	Puppis
constellation	18 Ursae Majoris (18 UMa) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major.	18 Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 2767 is a double star located 116 parsecs (380 ly) away in the constellation Andromeda.	HD 2767	Andromeda
constellation	NGC 82 is a magnitude 14.8 star located in the Andromeda constellation.	NGC 82	Andromeda
constellation	HD 125823, also known as V761 Centauri and a Centauri, is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 125823	Centaurus
constellation	WR 7 or HD 56925/HIP 35 378 is a Wolf-Rayet star at the centre of the nebula NGC 2359 (also known as the Thor's Helmet Nebula) in the constellation of Canis Major.	HD 56925	Canis Major
constellation	Messier 89 (M89 for short, also known as NGC 4552) is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Virgo.	Messier 89	Virgo
constellation	WASP-13 is a star in the Lynx constellation.	WASP-13	Lynx
constellation	Kepler-46, previously designated KOI-872, is a star located in the constellation Lyra.	Kepler-46	Lyra
constellation	NGC 5929 is a Seyfert galaxy in the constellation Boötes.	NGC 5929	Boötes
constellation	NGC 265 is an open cluster in the Small Magellanic Cloud, which is located in the constellation Tucana.	NGC 265	Tucana
constellation	Alpha Comae Berenices (Alpha Com, α Com, α Comae Berenices) is a star in the constellation Coma Berenices (Berenice's Hair).	Alpha Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	UX Arietis is a variable star of the RS CVn type, located in the northern zodiacal constellation of Aries.	UX Arietis	Aries
constellation	72 Cygni (72 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus.	72 Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	2MASS J15074769-1627386 (also abbreviated to 2MASS 1507-1627) is a brown dwarf in the constellation Libra, located about 23.9 light-years from Earth.	2MASS 1507-1627	Libra
constellation	HD 7199 is a K-class star located in the constellation Tucana.	HD 7199	Tucana
constellation	HD 179821 is a yellow supergiant star in the constellation of Aquila, surrounded by a detached dust shell.	HD 179821	Aquila
constellation	HD 43691 is a G-type star with magnitude +8.03 located approximately 260 light-years away in the constellation Auriga.	HD 43691	Auriga
constellation	HD 166 or V439 Andromedae (ADS 69 A) is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation Andromeda, approximately 45 light years away from Earth.	HD 166	Andromeda
constellation	HD 212771 b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the G-type star HD 212771 approximately 427 light years away in the constellation Aquarius.	HD 212771 b	Aquarius
constellation	R Horologii (also known as HD 18242) is a red giant star approximately 100 light-years away in the constellation Horologium.	R Horologii	Horologium
constellation	11 Arietis (abbreviated 11 Ari) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries.	11 Arietis	Aries
constellation	WISE 2056+1459 (full designation WISEPC J205628.90+145953.3) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0, located in constellation Delphinus at approximately 23.3 light-years from Earth.	WISEPC J205628.90+145953.3	Delphinus
constellation	HD 101930 is a dim 8th magnitude star located approximately 95 light years away in the constellation of Centaurus.	HD 101930	Centaurus
constellation	26 Ursae Majoris (26 UMa) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major.	26 Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	NGC 4534 is a spiral galaxy, located in the Canes Venatici constellation.	NGC 4534	Canes Venatici
constellation	NGC 4535 is a barred spiral galaxy located some 54 million light years from Earth in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 4535	Virgo
constellation	48 Persei (also known as c Persei, 48 Per, HR 1273, HIP 19343, or HD 25940) is a Be star in the constellation Perseus, approximately the 500th brightest of the visible stars in apparent magnitude.	48 Persei	Perseus
constellation	Eta Ceti (η Cet, η Ceti) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Cetus, the whale.	Eta Ceti	Cetus
constellation	Kappa Piscium (Kappa Psc, κ Piscium, κ Psc) is a multiple star approximately 162 light years away from Earth, in the constellation Pisces.	Kappa Piscium	Pisces
constellation	Messier 47 (Messier Object 47, M47, or NGC 2422) is an open cluster in the constellation Puppis.	Messier 47	Puppis
constellation	HD 159868 is a yellow dwarf star approximately 172 light-years away in the constellation of Scorpius.	HD 159868	Scorpius
continent	Groves Island is an ice-covered island 9 kilometres (5 nmi) long, lying close off the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica, between Siemiatkowski Glacier and Land Glacier.	Groves Island	Antarctica
continent	Ninnis Glacier (68°22′S 147°0′E) is a large, heavily hummocked and crevassed glacier descending steeply from the high interior to the sea in a broad valley, on George V Coast in Antarctica.	Ninnis Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Larsen Glacier (75°6′S 162°28′E) is a glacier flowing southeast from Reeves Neve, through the Prince Albert Mountains and entering the Ross Sea just south of Mount Crummer in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Larsen Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Wilkins Sound is a seaway in Antarctica that is largely occupied by the Wilkins Ice Shelf.	Wilkins Sound	Antarctica
continent	Asen Peak (Asenov Vrah \a-'se-nov 'vr&h\) is a peak in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Asen Peak	Antarctica
continent	Boyce Ridge is a 4.4-mile (7-km) ridge that extends westward from Taylor Ledge to the head of Nimitz Glacier in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Boyce Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Låvebrua Island is an island, 95 metres (310 ft) high, lying 1.3 kilometres (0.7 nmi) east of South Point, Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands off Antarctica.	Låvebrua Island	Antarctica
continent	Gangapur Dam is on the river Godavari near Gangawadi village and is Asia's largest earthen dam, Nashik.	Nashik	Asia
continent	Marshall Nunatak (74°10′S 75°41′W) is a somewhat isolated rock nunatak, 23 nautical miles (43 km) east-southeast of the FitzGerald Bluffs in Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.	Marshall Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Scarlatti Peak (71°16′S 70°26′W) is a conspicuous pyramidal peak, rising to 750 m, 8 nautical miles (15 km) northwest of Holst Peak and 12 nautical miles (22 km) east of Walton Mountains in the central part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Scarlatti Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Medina Peaks (85°36′S 155°54′W) are rugged, mainly ice-free, peaks surmounting a ridge 15 nautical miles (28 km) long, extending north along the east side of Goodale Glacier to the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Medina Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Gauss Glacier (77°58′S 163°44′E) is a steep glacier on the north side of Datum Peak, descending west from the southwestern extremity of Hobbs Ridge into Blue Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Gauss Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Harrop Island is a small island lying close to the coast and 6 kilometres (3 nmi) northwest of Felton Head, Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Harrop Island	Antarctica
continent	Nedelya Point (Bulgarian: нос Неделя, ``Nos Nedelya'' \'nos ne-'de-lya\) is a sharp ice-free point on the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica projecting 300 m into Barclay Bay.	Nedelya Point	Antarctica
continent	Host Island (64°56′S 63°55′W) is an island lying immediately southeast of Manciple Island in the Wauwermans Islands, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Host Island	Antarctica
continent	Gerontius Glacier (69°31′S 70°34′W) is a glacier flowing north from the Elgar Uplands into Tufts Pass in northern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Gerontius Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kaloyanov Peak (Bulgarian: Калоянов връх, ``Kaloyanov Vrah'' \ka-lo-'ya-nov 'vr&h\) is the rocky, partly ice-free peak rising to 550 m in southeastern Poibrene Heights on Blagoevgrad Peninsula, Oscar II Coast, Graham Land in Antarctica.	Kaloyanov Peak	Antarctica
continent	'Mautino Peak' is a peak at the west side of Packard Glacier in the Saint Johns Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mautino Peak	Antarctica
continent	Gin Cove (64°3′S 58°25′W) is a cove in Antarctica indenting the northwest coast of James Ross Island to the north of Tumbledown Cliffs.	Gin Cove	Antarctica
continent	The Harvey Nunataks (66°58′S 52°0′E) are four nunataks standing 4 nautical miles (7 km) west of Mount Ryder, in the eastern part of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Harvey Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Pirogov Glacier (Bulgarian: Пирогов ледник, ``Pirogov Lednik'' \pi-ro-'gov 'led-nik\) is a 5 km long and 1.5 km wide glacier situated south of Djerassi Glacier, west of the head of Mackenzie Glacier and northwest of Balanstra Glacier on Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Pirogov Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lützow-Holm Bay is a large bay, about 220 kilometres (120 nmi) wide, indenting the coast of Queen Maud Land in Antarctica between Riiser-Larsen Peninsula and the coastal angle immediately east of the Flatvaer Islands.	Lützow-Holm Bay	Antarctica
continent	Lewis Bay is a bay indenting the north coast of Ross Island, Antarctica, between Mount Bird and Cape Tennyson.	Lewis Bay	Antarctica
continent	Kvitholten Hill (71°49′S 5°51′E) is a snow-clad hill at the east side of Austreskorve Glacier, standing just south of Sagbladet Ridge in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kvitholten Hill	Antarctica
continent	The Amazon rainforest (Portuguese: Floresta Amazônica or Amazônia; Spanish: Selva Amazónica, Amazonía or usually Amazonia; French: Forêt amazonienne; Dutch: Amazoneregenwoud), also known in English as Amazonia or the Amazon Jungle, is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America.	Amazon rainforest	South America
continent	Rennick Glacier is broad glacier, nearly 200 miles long, which is one of the largest in Antarctica.	Rennick Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Bhutan (/buːˈtɑːn/; Dzongkha འབྲུག་ཡུལ Dru Ü, IPA: (ʈʂɦu yː)), officially the Kingdom of Bhutan, is a landlocked country in South Asia at the eastern end of the Himalayas.	Bhutan	Asia
continent	Cape Henderson (66°11′S 100°44′E) is an ice-free cape, overlain by morainic drift, marking the northwest end of the Bunger Hills in Antarctica.	Cape Henderson	Antarctica
continent	France (French: (fʁɑ̃s)), officially the French Republic (French: République française (ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛz)), is a sovereign state comprising territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories.	France	Europe
continent	Halle Flat (76°40′S 159°50′E) is a relatively flat area just southward of Coxcomb Peak in the Allan Hills of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Halle Flat	Antarctica
continent	Mount Flett (68°9′S 49°12′E) is a mountain between Mount Marriner and Mount Underwood in the central Nye Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Flett	Antarctica
continent	Jackson Pond is a freshwater frozen pond midway between the terminus of Wright Upper Glacier and Anvil Pond in the Labyrinth, McMurdo Dry Valleys, Antarctica.	Jackson Pond	Antarctica
continent	Yoglav Crag (Bulgarian: Йоглавски камък, ``Yoglavski Kamak'' \'yo-glav-ski 'ka-m&k\) is the rocky peak rising to 865 m in the south extremity of Kondofrey Heights on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Yoglav Crag	Antarctica
continent	Peter Peak (Petrov Vrah \pe-'trov 'vr&h\) is an 850 m knob in Delchev Ridge, Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Peter Peak	Antarctica
continent	Besapara Hill (Halm Besapara \'h&lm be-sa-'pa-ra\) is a hill of 250m projecting from Sopot Ice Piedmont in Delchev Ridge, Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island, South Shetland Islands in Antarctica.	Besapara Hill	Antarctica
continent	Iroquois Plateau (83°51′S 54°0′W) is a large, mainly ice-covered plateau situated east of the southern part of the Washington Escarpment in the Pensacola Mountains of Edith Ronne Land, Antarctica.	Iroquois Plateau	Antarctica
continent	Metchnikoff Point is a point forming the western extremity of Pasteur Peninsula in northern Brabant Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Metchnikoff Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Newman (69°11′S 71°26′W) is a mountain rising to about 1,150 m in northeast Havre Mountains, north Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Newman	Antarctica
continent	Plovdiv Peak (Vrah Plovdiv \'vr&h 'plov-div\) is a peak rising to 1,040 m in the east extremity of Levski Ridge, Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Plovdiv Peak	Antarctica
continent	Francis Island is an island which is irregular in shape, 13 kilometres (7 nmi) long and 9 kilometres (5 nmi) wide, lying 22 kilometres (12 nmi) east-northeast of Choyce Point, off the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Francis Island	Antarctica
continent	Hjorth Hill (77°31′S 163°37′E) is a rounded, ice-free mountain, 760 metres (2,500 ft) high, standing just north of New Harbour and 2 nautical miles (4 km) south of Hogback Hill, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hjorth Hill	Antarctica
continent	Marsh Ridge (85°46′S 146°10′W) is a rocky ridge in Antarctica, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long.	Marsh Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Cherry Spur (72°52′S 162°0′E) is a prominent rock spur that forms the southwest portion of Sculpture Mountain at the southern end of the Monument Nunataks, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Cherry Spur	Antarctica
continent	Henry Inlet is a narrow, ice-filled inlet about 12 nautical miles (22 km) long, indenting the north coast of Thurston Island, Antarctica, immediately east of Hughes Peninsula.	Henry Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Milan Ridge (83°15′S 156°8′E) is a mainly ice-free ridge, 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, bordering the west side of Ascent Glacier in the Miller Range, Antarctica.	Milan Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Kinzl Crests (67°5′S 66°18′W) are three peaks, 2,135 metres (7,000 ft) high, on Pernik Peninsula, Loubet Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) east of Salmon Cove and Lallemand Fjord.	Kinzl Crests	Antarctica
continent	Lubbock Ridge (84°52′S 175°25′W) is a high ridge in Antarctica, about 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, extending west from Mount Wade and terminating in a steep bluff at the east side of Shackleton Glacier.	Lubbock Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Linnormen Hills (72°4′S 14°33′E) are hills extending southwest--northeast and rising close east of Skavlhø Mountain in the Payer Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Linnormen Hills	Antarctica
continent	Mill Mountain (79°26′S 157°52′E) is a large flat-topped mountain, 2,730 metres (8,960 ft) high, forming the eastern end of Festive Plateau in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica.	Mill Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Kenneth Ridge (70°57′S 71°30′E) is the northernmost of three rock outcrops in the northern part of the Manning Nunataks, Antarctica.	Kenneth Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Rymill Bay is a bay in Antarctica.	Rymill Bay	Antarctica
continent	Washington Escarpment (83°42′S 55°8′W) is the major west-facing escarpment of the Neptune Range, Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica, extending some 50 miles (80 km) and being the point of origin of a number of west-trending rock ridges.	Washington Escarpment	Antarctica
continent	The Jigsaw Islands are two small islands lying off the southwest end of Wiencke Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Jigsaw Islands	Antarctica
continent	Koltermann Peak (77°29′S 160°23′E) is a peak rising to 2,166 metres (7,106 ft) in the eastern part of the McAllister Hills, located west of the Olympus Range in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Koltermann Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Heverley Nunataks (75°33′S 128°34′W) are small, relatively isolated nunataks protruding through the ice 14 nautical miles (26 km) northeast of the summit of Mount Flint in the McCuddin Mountains of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Heverley Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Archer Point (69°11′S 157°39′E) is a rocky headland on the coast marking the west side of Harald Bay, Antarctica.	Archer Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Cresswell is a domed, elongated mountain with a small conical peak at the west end, standing 25 nautical miles (46 km) north-northeast of Mount Dummett in the southern Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Cresswell	Antarctica
continent	Alberich Glacier (77°36′S 161°36′E) is a small glacier that drains west from Junction Knob toward the east flank of Sykes Glacier, in the Asgard Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Alberich Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Stellar Crests (71°5′S 69°15′W) is a four prominent snow-covered peaks, rising to about 2,000 m, surmounting LeMay Range west of the north part of Planet Heights in central Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Stellar Crests	Antarctica
continent	George Nunatak (85°35′S 145°26′W) is a nunatak, 1,050 metres (3,440 ft) high, located midway between the eastern part of the Harold Byrd Mountains and Leverett Glacier in Antarctica.	George Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Debelt Glacier (Lednik Debelt \'led-nik 'de-belt\) on Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is situated southeast of Rose Valley Glacier and northeast of Panega Glacier.	Debelt Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mayman Nunatak (71°5′S 66°56′E) is a low rock outcrop, which has a domed appearance from the northeast, about 6 nautical miles (11 km) southwest of Taylor Platform in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Mayman Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Flensing Icefall is a large icefall at the east side of the Bowers Mountains in Victoria Land, Antarctica, situated south of Platypus Ridge at the junction of Graveson Glacier and Rastorguev Glacier with Lillie Glacier.	Flensing Icefall	Antarctica
continent	Horseshoe Crater (78°14′S 162°53′E) is a volcanic crater at the confluence of Radian Glacier and Pipecleaner Glacier in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Horseshoe Crater	Antarctica
continent	Granitnaya Mountain (72°8′S 11°38′E) is a mountain, 2,880 metres (9,450 ft) high, standing just east of Skeidshovden Mountain in the Wohlthat Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Granitnaya Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Leningradskiy Island is an ice-covered island situated at the head of Leningradskiy Bay at the western margin of the Lazarev Ice Shelf, Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Leningradskiy Island	Antarctica
continent	Mistral Ridge (69°33′S 68°4′W) is a mostly snow-covered ridge extending 6 nautical miles (11 km) in a northnorthwest--southsoutheast direction, located 5 nautical miles (9 km) east of Zonda Towers, Rymill Coast, Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Mistral Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Serdica Peak (Vrah Serdica \'vr&h 'ser-di-ka\) rises to approximately 1,200 m in Levski Ridge, Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Serdica Peak	Antarctica
continent	Cutler Stack is a sea stack extending 170 by 150 m (186 by 164 yd) and rising to 16 m (52 ft), lying off Nedelya Point in the south of Barclay Bay, western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Cutler Stack	Antarctica
continent	Grinda Ridge (71°56′S 4°26′E) is a rock ridge 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) long, immediately north of Mount Grytoyr in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Grinda Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Lundström Knoll (80°31′S 20°25′W) is a rock knoll rising to about 1,400 metres (4,600 ft) to the northeast of the Chevreul Cliffs in Pioneers Escarpment, Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Lundström Knoll	Antarctica
continent	The Geoffrey Hills (67°37′S 48°36′E) are a group of hills at the west end of the Raggatt Mountains in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Geoffrey Hills	Antarctica
continent	Mount McCormick (77°0′S 144°26′W) is a mountain 2 nautical miles (4 km) southeast of Mount Ralph in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount McCormick	Antarctica
continent	Linnaeus Terrace is a rock terrace on the north side of Oliver Peak in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Linnaeus Terrace	Antarctica
continent	The Rouse Islands or Rouse Rocks are a small group of islands in the eastern part of Holme Bay in Antarctica, fringing the coast of Mac Robertson Land close south of Welch Island.	Rouse Islands	Antarctica
continent	Michigan Plateau (86°8′S 133°30′W) is an undulating ice-covered plateau, 30 nautical miles (56 km) long, which rises to 3,000 metres (10,000 ft) at the western side of Reedy Glacier, Antarctica.	Michigan Plateau	Antarctica
continent	Lodge Rock is a low, snow-capped rock, less than 30 metres (100 ft) high, between Barn Rock and Hayrick Island in the Terra Firma Islands, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Lodge Rock	Antarctica
continent	The Austkampane Hills are a group of hills rising to 2,210 meters (7,250 ft), standing 5 miles (8 km) north of Menipa Peak in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica.	Austkampane Hills	Antarctica
continent	Lind Glacier (65°23′S 64°1′W) is a glacier flowing west from Alencar Peak into the southern part of Collins Bay, on the west coast of Kiev Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Lind Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Dirtbag Nunatak (85°32′S 144°52′W) is a ridge-like nunatak rising to 940 metres (3,080 ft), 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) south-southwest of Mount Manke, in the Harold Byrd Mountains in Antarctica.	Dirtbag Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Diversion Hills (73°9′S 163°30′E) are a small group of low rock outcrops at the east extremity of Pain Mesa, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Diversion Hills	Antarctica
continent	The Gunn Peaks (73°25′S 66°36′W) are isolated peaks 9 nautical miles (17 km) east of Mount Vang in southern Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Gunn Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Cape Keltie (66°3′S 133°26′E) is an ice-covered cape on the Clarie Coast of Antarctica, 11 nautical miles (20 km) west of Cape Cesney.	Cape Keltie	Antarctica
continent	Ford Rock is a prominent rock which lies 1 nautical mile (2 km) northeast of Cone Hill on Hut Point Peninsula, Ross Island, Antarctica.	Ford Rock	Antarctica
continent	Radko Knoll (Bulgarian: Радкова Могила, ``Radkova Mogila'' \'rad-ko-va mo-'gi-la\) is a rocky hill rising to 102 m on the north coast of Smyadovo Cove in the northwest of Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Radko Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Pryor Peak is a peak rising at the west side of Giants Cirque in the Tyndall Mountains, Arrowsmith Peninsula, Loubet Coast, Antarctica.	Pryor Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Coman (73°49′S 64°18′W) is a prominent isolated mountain which rises above the ice-covered plateau of Palmer Land, located just westward of the Playfair Mountains in Antarctica.	Mount Coman	Antarctica
continent	Mars Hills (76°40′S 162°0′E) are a small group of low rounded hills of a distinct red color, located 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) north of Mount Davidson in the Convoy Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mars Hills	Antarctica
continent	Operation Deep Freeze (OpDFrz or ODF) is the codename for a series of United States missions to Antarctica, beginning with ``Operation Deep Freeze I'' in 1955--56, followed by ``Operation Deep Freeze II'', ``Operation Deep Freeze III'', and so on.	Operation Deep Freeze	Antarctica
continent	The Fremouw Formation is a Triassic-age rock formation in the Transantarctic Mountains of Antarctica.	Fremouw Formation	Antarctica
continent	Morelli Glacier (72°59′S 102°38′W) is a glacier in the western part of King Peninsula, Antarctica, 18 nautical miles (33 km) southeast of Cape Waite, draining northeast to Abbot Ice Shelf in Peacock Sound.	Morelli Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lemasters Bluff (73°20′S 162°12′E) is a rock bluff at the eastern extremity of the Lichen Hills in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lemasters Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Kotis Point (Nos Kotis \'nos 'ko-tis\) is a point on the northwest coast of Varna Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the south side of the entrance to Eliseyna Cove.	Kotis Point	Antarctica
continent	Devils Point is a point marking the southwest extremity of Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and forming the southeast side of the entrance to Osogovo Bay and the west side of the entrance to Raskuporis Cove.	Devils Point	Antarctica
continent	Mill Stream Glacier (85°20′S 171°0′E) is a tributary glacier, about 10 nautical miles (19 km) wide, flowing west between the Supporters Range and Otway Massif in Antarctica to enter Mill Glacier.	Mill Stream Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ledda Bay (74°23′S 131°20′W) is a shallow embayment or bight, 12 nautical miles (22 km) long, in the north side of Grant Island, off the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Ledda Bay	Antarctica
continent	Burel Hill (Bulgarian: хълм Бурел, ``Halm Burel'' \'h&lm 'bu-rel\) is the ice-free hill rising to 152 m in the northwest part of Desolation Island off Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Burel Hill	Antarctica
country of citizenship	Katia Tiutiunnik (born 19 March 1967 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian violist, scholar and composer.	Katia Tiutiunnik	Australia
country of citizenship	Jerry Hendriks (born 25 October 1988 in Eindhoven, Netherlands) is a Dutch darts player, who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Jerry Hendriks	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Francesco Masini (December 6, 1894 - July 9, 1962) was a lawyer and politician from the island of Gozo, Malta.	Francesco Masini	Malta
country of citizenship	Tigilau Ness (born c. 1954) is a Niuean New Zealand activist and reggae artist, and performs as Unity Pacific.	Tigilau Ness	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jackson Quiñónez Vernaza (born 12 June 1980 in Esmeraldas, Ecuador) is a Spanish hurdler of Afro-Ecuadorian descent.	Jackson Quiñónez	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Peter Bucknell is the son of Tasmanian-born painter Toni Bucknell of Melbourne, Australia.	Peter Bucknell	Australia
country of citizenship	Jacob Gaón (born in Vitoria, Spain, died in Tolosa, Spain, 1463) was a Jewish Basque tax collector.	Jacob Gaón	Spain
country of citizenship	Cezary Zamana (born 14 November 1967 in Augustów, Poland) is a professional road racing cyclist from Ełk, Poland.	Cezary Zamana	Poland
country of citizenship	Alberto Carlos Zannini (born August 27, 1954 in Villa Nueva, Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine lawyer and politician.	Carlos Zannini	Argentina
country of citizenship	Alejandro Chabán (born as Alejandro José Chabán Rodríguez on August 20, 1981 in Maturín, Venezuela), is a Venezuelan actor, television host, author and certified consultant on nutrition and wellness.	Alejandro Chabán	Venezuela
country of origin	Shape of Despair is a funeral doom metal band from Finland.	Shape of Despair	Finland
country of origin	Sepet is a 2004 Malaysian romantic comedy drama film set in Ipoh, Malaysia.	Sepet	Malaysia
country of origin	Poker Night Live was the United Kingdom's first live Internet poker show, broadcast between 2005 and 2007 on Pokerzone, usually between 9pm and 1am.	Poker Night Live	United Kingdom
country of origin	Fixing Dinner is a Canadian food reality television series on Food Network Canada, airing on AmericanLife in the United States.	Fixing Dinner	Canada
country of origin	Strangers No More is a 2010 short documentary film about a school in Tel Aviv, Israel, where children from 48 different countries and diverse backgrounds come together to learn.	Strangers No More	Israel
country of origin	Chalo Ishq Larain is a Pakistani film directed by Sajjad Gul and was released across Pakistan April 2002 starring Meera, Ali Haider and Zara Sheikh.	Chalo Ishq Larain	Pakistan
country of origin	Helmipuuro (Finnish) is a type of porridge traditional in Finland and in Russia.	Helmipuuro	Finland
country of origin	Full Strike (Chinese: 全力扣殺) is a 2015 Hong Kong sports-comedy-drama film directed by Derek Kwok and Henri Wong.	Full Strike	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Times of India wrote ``Yamaleela 2 lacks energy and some of the scenes are so outdated that you begin to wonder if the film itself is stuck in a time warp just like its characters'' and rated with 2 out of 5.	Yamaleela 2	India
country of origin	Perú Cola was introduced in Peru in 2002 after the take-over of Inca Kola by the Coca-Cola Company.	Perú Cola	Peru
country of origin	The Norman Cob or Cob Normand is a breed of light draft horse that originated in the province of Normandy in northern France.	Norman Cob	France
country of origin	Bibingka is a type of rice cake from the Philippines traditionally eaten during the Christmas season.	Bibingka	Philippines
country of origin	Bounty Lady (Chinese: My盛Lady; pinyin: My Sing Lady) is a 2013 Hong Kong modern drama produced by TVB and starring Dayo Wong, Kate Tsui, Sharon Chan, and Louis Yuen.	Bounty Lady	Hong Kong
country of origin	Dragones: destino de fuego (Known as its English title as: Dragons: Destiny of Fire) is a Peru CGI animated film produced by:	Dragones: destino de fuego	Peru
country of origin	The Kettering Incident is an Australian television drama series set to screen on Foxtel's SoHo in Australia in 2016 and BBC Worldwide internationally.	The Kettering Incident	Australia
country of origin	Nagamandala is a movie based on folk tales spread in North Karnataka, India.	Nagamandala	India
country of origin	Oh So Cosmo is Cosmopolitan TV (Canada)'s flagship half hour magazine-style TV show.	Oh So Cosmo	Canada
country of origin	Estefanía is a popular Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and broadcast on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión in 1979.	Estefanía	Venezuela
country of origin	Koh-Lanta is a French reality television series and France's version of Survivor.	Koh-Lanta	France
country of origin	Much of Khuda Kay Liye was shot on location in Chicago, Illinois in the United States, and Lahore and the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Khuda Kay Liye	Pakistan
country of origin	As of 2013, Reviews on the Run airs in Canada on G4 Canada and City, with pre-2006 episodes airing on G4 in the United States.	Reviews on the Run	Canada
country of origin	First Maalaala Mo Kaya episode filmed outside the Philippines starring Judy Ann Santos and Piolo Pascual.	Maalaala Mo Kaya	Philippines
country of origin	Betty's Bunch was a short (13 episodes, ½ hour each) TV drama/adventure series from New Zealand, produced in 1989.	Betty's Bunch	New Zealand
country of origin	Dabeli or Kutchi dabeli or Double Roti (Devnagari: दाबेली - कच्छी दाबेली) is a snack food of India, originating in the Kutch region of Gujarat.	Dabeli	India
country of origin	In 1978, one year after Hamilton's death, Toei Animation of Japan produced a Captain Future (キャプテン・フューチャー Kyaputen Fyūchā) anime TV series of 53 episodes, based on 13 original Hamilton stories.	Captain Future	Japan
country of origin	Baghi Sipahi, a costume action drama, was produced by the East India Film Company.	Baghi Sipahi	India
country of origin	Big M is a brand of flavoured milk that was founded in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, in 1977--78.	Big M	Victoria
country of origin	Houska is traditional bread roll baked and consumed in the Czech Republic.	Houska	Czech Republic
country of origin	All Hell Broke Loose is a 1995 Israeli documentary that follows the victims of a Hamas suicide bombing in Israel a year after the attack.	All Hell Broke Loose	Israel
country of origin	Hackman was a cutlery and cookware company founded in Finland in 1790.	Hackman	Finland
country of origin	Vanishing of the Bees is a 2009 documentary film by Hive Mentality Films & Hipfuel Films, directed by George Langworthy and Maryam Henein and released in the United Kingdom in October 2009.	Vanishing of the Bees	United Kingdom
country of origin	Alaiyadikkuthu (English: Attacking Waves) is a 2005 Tamil language film released in India.	Alaiyadikkuthu	India
country of origin	Gruma, S.A.B. de C.V., known as Gruma, is a Mexican multinational corn flour and tortillas manufacturing company headquartered in San Pedro, near Monterrey, Mexico.	Gruma	Mexico
country of origin	X Company is inspired by the real spy training facility, Camp X, which was located between Whitby and Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.	X Company	Canada
country of origin	Saltah (Arabic: سلتة) is considered the national dish of Yemen, and widely eaten in northern parts of the country.	Saltah	Yemen
country of origin	Cricket Star India is the first programme in a 5-year international roll out, and the new series is scheduled to air in early 2008.	Cricket Star	India
country of origin	Hoota and Snoz was the first fully 3D CG television series produced in Australia and has now been broadcast in over 100 countries.	Hoota and Snoz	Australia
country of origin	Alone in Love (Hangul: 연애시대; RR: Yeon-ae Sidae; lit. ``Love Generation'') is a 2006 South Korea television series, starring Kam Woo-sung, Son Ye-jin, Gong Hyung-jin and Lee Ha-na.	Alone in Love	South Korea
country of origin	TV Patrol Palawan (formerly Palawan TV Patrol) is a local news program of the ABS-CBN Regional Network Group in Palawan, an island province, which is part of MIMAROPA in the Philippines but not belong to TV Patrol Southern Tagalog.	TV Patrol Palawan	Philippines
country of origin	Girlstuff/Boystuff is a Canadian animated television series that debuted on YTV in Canada in 2002.	Girlstuff/Boystuff	Canada
country of origin	Rear Mirror (Traditional Chinese: 載得有情人; literally ``Have a Transportation Lover'') was a 2014 Hong Kong modern romance serial drama produced by TVB which starred Wayne Lai and Louisa So as the main leads with Tony Hung and Natalie Tong as 2nd leads.	Rear Mirror	Hong Kong
country of origin	Every time, except for Wednesdays (that were TV-broadcasting-free in Sweden at that time), a ``tomte'' called Titteliture (a name created from tittut, the Swedish term for ``peekaboo'') opens a calendar window.	Titteliture	Sweden
country of origin	Wild Case Files is a documentary television series that premiered in the United Kingdom in July 2006 on the National Geographic Channel.	Wild Case Files	United Kingdom
country of origin	Sydney Weekender is a travel show featuring destinations throughout New South Wales, Australia which first screened in 1994.	Sydney Weekender	Australia
country of origin	Arkadaşım Hoşgeldin is an entertainment program published in Turkey.	Arkadaşım Hoşgeldin	Turkey
country of origin	Kya Huaa Tera Vaada (International Title:The Promise) is an Indian soap opera that premiered on 30 January 2012 and went off air on 23 May 2013, on Sony Entertainment Television India.	Kya Huaa Tera Vaada	India
country of origin	Playing with Death is a 1995 Iranian detective movie filmed in Iran and Turkey and produced by Alireza Zarif of 'IRIB Television'.	Playing with Death	Iran
country of origin	Mo Dil To Deewana is an oriya film released on 1 January 2013 in orissa, India.	Mo Dil To Deewana	India
country of origin	Life with Boys is a Canadian teen sitcom that started broadcasting in Canada on YTV in September 2011.	Life with Boys	Canada
country of origin	Shinjuku Incident (Chinese: 新宿事件; pinyin: Xīnsù Shìjiàn; Jyutping: San1 Suk1 Si6 Gin2, Japanese: 新宿インシデント) is a 2009 Hong Kong crime drama film written and directed by Derek Yee, and also produced by and starring Jackie Chan.	Shinjuku Incident	Hong Kong
country of origin	Subas Das has proved his excellence as a thoughtful filmmaker in his first person narrative debut film Aw Aaakare Aa wherein he has expressed his concern over the flaw full primary education system prevalent in Orissa and many other States of India.	Aw Aaakare Aa	India
country of origin	Springwatch, Autumnwatch and Winterwatch are annual BBC television series which chart the fortunes of British wildlife during the changing of the seasons in the United Kingdom.	Springwatch	United Kingdom
country of origin	A Favorita (English: The Favorite) is a telenovela, first broadcast in Brazil at Rede Globo from June 2, 2008 to January 17, 2009.	A Favorita	Brazil
country of origin	Since the time of L.A. Style Wessel van Diepen continues to be one of the most sought after radio DJ's in The Netherlands and FX has been working with the main producer and old friend behind DJ Chukie, Mr. Fabian Lennsen.	L.A. Style	Netherlands
country of origin	The Nagant M1895 Revolver is a seven-shot, gas-seal revolver designed and produced by Belgian industrialist Léon Nagant for the Russian Empire.	Nagant M1895	Russian Empire
country of origin	Vicky & Vetaal is an Indian children's comedy series produced by and aired on Disney Channel India.	Vicky & Vetaal	India
country of origin	Il Mattino is an Italian daily newspaper published in Naples, Italy.	Il Mattino	Italy
country of origin	The Bitter Truth was founded in Germany in 2006 by Munich-based bartenders Stephan Berg and Alexander Hauck.	The Bitter Truth	Germany
country of origin	Territory Cops is an Australian factual television show that looks at the work of the police in Northern Territory, Australia.	Territory Cops	Australia
country of origin	The Final Combat (simplified Chinese: 盖世豪侠; traditional Chinese: 蓋世豪俠; Jyutping: Koi Sai Ho Hap) is a 1989 Hong Kong TVB wuxia comedy drama series starring Stephen Chow, Richard Ng, Francis Ng, Jacqueline Law and Yammie Nam as the main cast .	The Final Combat	Hong Kong
country of origin	Sharon Kips (born November 17, 1983 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is the winner of the first edition of the Dutch X Factor, 24 February 2007.	Sharon Kips	Netherlands
country of origin	Burrata is a typical product of Murgia in the south of Italy.	Burrata	Italy
country of origin	Quelli dell'intervallo (English: As the Bell Rings) is an Italian situation comedy produced by Disney Channel Italy.	Quelli dell'intervallo	Italy
country of origin	Italy's first capital after the Risorgimento ended in the 1870s, Turin was in the midst of rapid industrialization during the period of The Organizer, although the film unfolds some years before the growth of the industry.	The Organizer	Italy
country of origin	Tarasari (Nepal Bhasa:तारासारी) is a ball shaped sweet food consisting of sugar.	Tarasari	Nepal
country of origin	Just Folk is a 1965 Australian television aired on Sydney station ATN-7 (it is not clear if it was shown on any other stations across Australia).	Just Folk	Australia
country of origin	Heroic romances refers to a distinguished class of imaginative literature that flourished in the 17th century, principally in France.	Heroic romances	France
country of origin	Shortbread originated in Scotland, with the first printed recipe, in 1736, from a Scotswoman named Mrs McLintock.	Shortbread	Scotland
country of origin	Indiaglitz.com gave 4 out of 5 and wrote, ``Kuttram Kadithal is a must watch film that bears testimony to the standards of National Awards given to films in India''.	Kuttram Kadithal	India
country of origin	Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow is a British stand-up comedy television series hosted by comedian Michael McIntyre from different venues around the United Kingdom and Ireland.	Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Killing Phone (khmer:ទូរសព្ទប្រលៃព្រលឹង) is a Khmer horror film released in Cambodia in 2006.	The Killing Phone	Cambodia
country of origin	Cinco Días (meaning Five Days in English) is a Spanish business and finance newspaper published in Madrid, Spain.	Cinco Días	Spain
country of origin	Roti tissue is available at most local Mamak stalls in Malaysia and Singapore and may be coated with sweet substances such as sugar and kaya (jam) or eaten with condiments such as ice cream	Roti tissue	Malaysia
country of origin	The Rough Book is a hard look at the education system in India.	Rough Book	India
country of origin	Most importantly, the Penninger company uses Blutwurz as the key ingredient of an herbal liqueur or Bitters that the company produces in Bavaria.	Blutwurz	Bavaria
country of origin	A Steam Train Passes is one of Film Australia's most successful films .	A Steam Train Passes	Australia
country of origin	The Özal family is a political family in Turkey, the most prominent member being Turgut Özal, the 8th President (1989--1993) and Prime Minister of Turkey (1983--1989).	Özal family	Turkey
country of origin	Born Diva is a television reality show that airs in the Philippines and internationally on The Filipino Channel.	Born Diva	Philippines
country of origin	The Pepsi Chart (later known as Pepsi Live) was a music show on Network Ten that consisted of live performances both from Sydney, Australia and London, United Kingdom.	Pepsi Live	Australia
country of origin	The Nora B-52 is a 155 mm/52-calibre self-propelled howitzer, 4 generation artillery weapon system developed by Vojnotehnički Institut (Military Technical Institute Belgrade, Serbia) for export and domestic use.	Nora B-52	Serbia
country of origin	Finishing Line (出人头地) is a Singaporean Chinese drama series produced by the former Singapore Broadcasting Corporation (SBC) in 1990.	Finishing Line	Singapore
country of origin	Breakfast Time was British television's first national breakfast television programme, broadcast from 17 January 1983 until 29 September 1989 on BBC1 across the United Kingdom.	Breakfast Time	United Kingdom
country of origin	Jewboy grossed $19,118 at the box office in Australia.	Jewboy	Australia
country of origin	The Divine Weapon was released in South Korea on 4 September 2008, topping the box office on its opening weekend with 630,257 admissions.	The Divine Weapon	South Korea
country of origin	Chalboribbang is a local specialty of Gyeongju, South Korea.	Chalboribbang	Korea
country of origin	AFL Game Day is an Australian television program broadcast on the Seven Network in Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia and Tasmania and on 7mate in all other states.	AFL Game Day	Australia
country of origin	5 and Up is a tele-magazine television show for preteens, which aired in the Philippines from May 1992 to July 2002.	5 and Up	Philippines
country of origin	Minipops was a television series broadcast in 1983 on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.	Minipops	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Portraitist is a 2005 Polish television documentary film about the life and work of Wilhelm Brasse, the famous ``photographer of Auschwitz'', made for TVP1, Poland, which first aired in its ``Proud to Present'' series on January 1, 2006.	The Portraitist	Poland
country of origin	Açaí na tigela is popular all over Brazil, but mainly in Pará, Rio de Janeiro, Florianópolis, São Paulo, Goiás and along the northeastern coast, where it is sold in kiosks lining the beach promenade and in juice bars throughout the cities.	Açaí na tigela	Brazil
country of origin	The Film that Wasn't (הסרט שלא היה) is a two-part documentary series about interrogations in Israel and the Occupied Territories, including the use of torture in those interrogations.	The Film that Wasn't	Israel
country of origin	Booze Britain was a fly-on-the-wall documentary television series produced by Granada that aired on British satellite TV channel Bravo in half-hour episodes which documented the binge drinking culture of various towns and cities in the United Kingdom.	Booze Britain	United Kingdom
country of origin	Kadavar are a rock band from Berlin, Germany, founded in 2010.	Kadavar	Germany
country of origin	Sonet Records is a jazz record label operating as an imprint of Universal Music Sweden.	Sonet Records	Sweden
date of birth	Natalia Vía Dufresne Pereña (born 10 June 1973) is a Spanish sport sailor.	Natalia Vía Dufresne	10 June 1973
date of birth	Yves Lapierre (born 9 August 1946) is a Canadian composer, arranger, record producer, and singer.	Yves Lapierre	9 August 1946
date of birth	Sergei Tchoban (Sergei Enwerowitsch Tchoban, Russian: Сергей Энверович Чобан, tr. Sergej Ėnverovič Čoban; IPA: (sʲɪrˈɡʲej ˈtɕɵbən); born 9 October 1962) is a Russian and German Architect working in various cities in Europe and the Russian Federation.	Sergei Tchoban	9 October 1962
date of birth	Richard Driver (junior) (16 September 1829 -- 8 July 1880) was a Sydney solicitor, politician and cricket administrator.	Richard Driver	16 September 1829
date of birth	Carsten Eich (born 9 January 1970) is a retired (East) German runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres and the marathons.	Carsten Eich	9 January 1970
date of birth	Daniel Benyamini (Tel Aviv, 1925--1993) was an Israeli violist, who studied at the Shulamit Conservatory.	Daniel Benyamini	1925
date of birth	Nazim Suleymanov (Azerbaijani: Nazim Süleymanov; Russian: Назим Сулейманов; born 17 February 1965) is a Soviet and Azerbaijani footballer best known as a striker for Alania Vladikavkaz in the 1990s.	Nazim Suleymanov	17 February 1965
date of birth	Kayqubad I or Alā ad-Dīn Kayqubād bin Kaykāvūs (Persian: علاء الدين كيقباد بن كيكاوس‎‎; Turkish: I. Alâeddin Keykûbad, 1188--1237) was the Seljuq Sultan of Rûm who reigned from 1220 to 1237.	Kayqubad I	1188
date of birth	Julie Wafaei now Julie Angus (born 1974) is a Canadian rower and cyclist, married to the explorer Colin Angus.	Julie Angus	1974
date of birth	Hamish Clark (born 26 July 1965) is a Scottish actor, best known as Duncan McKay in the BBC TV series Monarch of the Glen.	Hamish Clark	26 July 1965
date of birth	Larry Ruvo (1946) is the VP/GM of Southern Wine and Spirits of Nevada.	Larry Ruvo	1946
date of birth	Nell Zink (born in 1964) is an American novelist.	Nell Zink	1964
date of birth	Enock Kwakwa (born 4 July 1994) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Falkenbergs FF in the Swedish Allsvenskan.	Enock Kwakwa	4 July 1994
date of birth	Edrissa Sanneh (born 2 January 1951 in Brufut, Gambia) more commonly known as Idris is a former Senegalese Disc jockey and currently he's a sports journalist.	Edrissa Sanneh	2 January 1951
date of birth	John Stears (25 August 1934 -- 28 June 1999) was a British two-time Academy Award winning special effects expert.	John Stears	25 August 1934
date of birth	Greg Paterson (born 16 September 1989) is a Scottish professional football player who is currently without a club, having last played for Stirling Albion.	Greg Paterson	16 September 1989
date of birth	Subramanyam Noharathalingam (Tamil: சுப்பிரமணியம் நோகராதலிங்கம்; born 7 June 1963; commonly known as Vino Noharathalingam) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and former Member of Parliament.	Vino Noharathalingam	7 June 1963
date of birth	Nicolas Wamba-Barzic (born 12 February 1988), is a French heavyweight kickboxer, WKN World Super Heavyweight Kickboxing Champion, managed by WKN Top Team.	Nicolas Wamba	12 February 1988
date of birth	Edward Charles Harington (1804--1881) was an English churchman and writer.	Edward Charles Harington	1804
date of birth	Cesare Sportelli (29 March 1702 -- 19 April 1750) was an Italian Roman Catholic Redemptorist lawyer.	Cesare Sportelli	29 March 1702
date of birth	Carla Alberghetti (born 24 June 1939) is an actress and soprano singer.	Carla Alberghetti	24 June 1939
date of birth	Diarmuid Lyng (born 1981 in Wexford, Ireland) and moved to Pircestown.	Diarmuid Lyng	1981
date of birth	Frantz Jehin-Prume (18 April 1839 -- 29 May 1899) was a Canadian violinist, composer, and music educator of Belgian birth.	Frantz Jehin-Prume	18 April 1839
date of birth	Gilberto Grácio is a famous Portuguese guitar maker, born in Lisbon on 12 May 1936.	Gilberto Grácio	12 May 1936
date of birth	Kevin Hitchcock (born 5 October 1962) is an English former professional footballer and current goalkeeping coach.	Kevin Hitchcock	5 October 1962
date of birth	William L. Stubblefield (born 1940), is a retired NOAA Commissioned Corps Rear Admiral.	William L. Stubblefield	1940
date of birth	Anton Drasche (1 July 1826 -- 23 August 1904) was an Austrian internist and epidemiologist.	Anton Drasche	1 July 1826
date of birth	Lieutenant General Mohammad Shafiq (born April 1934) is a career Pakistan Army soldier who served as the governor of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa from 1999 to 2000.	Mohammad Shafiq	1934
date of birth	Kenji Takao (Japanese: 高尾 憲司; born 23 March 1975) is a Japanese running coach and former long-distance runner who competed mainly in the 10,000 metres.	Kenji Takao	23 March 1975
date of birth	John Delavau Bryant (1811--1877) was an American physician, poet, author, and editor.	John Delavau Bryant	1811
date of birth	Alvin Townley (born 1975) is an American author who writes about adventure, service, and inspiration.	Alvin Townley	1975
date of birth	Tony Pastore (born 16 April 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tony Pastore	16 April 1966
date of birth	Brian Cappelletto (born 1969) is a Scrabble player who represents the United States in international competition.	Brian Cappelletto	1969
date of birth	Anne Provoost (born 26 July 1964) is a Flemish author who now lives in Antwerp with her husband and three children.	Anne Provoost	26 July 1964
date of birth	Elizabeth Durack Clancy CMG, OBE (6 July 1915 -- 25 May 2000) was a Western Australian artist and writer.	Elizabeth Durack	6 July 1915
date of birth	Todor Kavaldzhiev (Bulgarian: Тодор Кавалджиев) (born 26 January 1934) was Vice President of Bulgaria from 1997 until 2002.	Todor Kavaldzhiev	26 January 1934
date of birth	Yüksel Yılmaz (born 1966, İzmit, Kocaeli, Turkey) is a sijo, writer, economist, founded of JKD Kulelkavido, general president.	Yüksel Yılmaz	1966
date of birth	Gen. Piotr Jaroszewicz (('pjɔtr jarɔˈʂɛvit͡ʂ); 8 October 1909 -- 1 September 1992) was a post World War II Polish political figure.	Piotr Jaroszewicz	8 October 1909
date of birth	Gary Harkins (born 2 January 1985) is a Scottish professional footballer who is currently playing for Dundee.	Gary Harkins	2 January 1985
date of birth	Christine Caine (born 23 September 1966) is an Australian activist, evangelist and international speaker.	Christine Caine	23 September 1966
date of birth	Hamdeen Sabahi (Arabic: حمدين صباحى‎ Ḥamdīn Ṣabāhī, IPA: (ħæmˈdeːn sˤɑˈbɑːħi); born 5 July 1954) is an Egyptian politician, journalist and poet.	Hamdeen Sabahi	5 July 1954
date of birth	Nick Burbridge (born 1954) is a British novelist, poet, dramatist, journalist, short story and song writer.	Nick Burbridge	1954
date of birth	Niall J. Mellon (born 1967) is an Irish entrepreneur, charity Chief Executive and property developer who founded the Niall Mellon Township Trust to provide homes to impoverished communities in South Africa's townships.	Niall Mellon	1967
date of birth	Lynise Walters, better known by the stage name Queen Pen, (born 1972) is a Grammy-nominated American rapper.	Queen Pen	1972
date of birth	JD Moller (born 22 October 1982 in Carnavon) is a South African rugby union footballer.	JD Moller	22 October 1982
date of birth	Holiday Reinhorn (born 1964) is an American fiction writer known for her short stories.	Holiday Reinhorn	1964
date of birth	Angela Atede (born 8 February 1972) is a Nigerian athlete who mainly competes in the 100 metres hurdles.	Angela Atede	8 February 1972
date of birth	Hicham Sigueni (Arabic: هشام السغيني‎; born 30 January 1993 in Beni Mellal) is a Moroccan long-distance runner who specialises in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Hicham Sigueni	30 January 1993
date of birth	Clarion Chukwura (born Clara Nneka Oluwatoyin Folashade Chukwurah; 24 July 1964) is a Nigerian actress and humanitarian.	Clarion Chukwura	24 July 1964
date of birth	Stein Winge (born 10 November 1940) is a Norwegian stage producer, theatre director and International Emmy Nominated actor.	Stein Winge	10 November 1940
date of birth	Richard Moir (born 1950) is an Australian actor and editor.	Richard Moir	1950
date of birth	Nilo Aguillar Effori (born 7 November 1981) is a Brazilian Sports Lawyer.	Nilo Aguillar Effori	7 November 1981
date of birth	Nathan Youngblood (born 1954) is a Native American potter from Santa Clara Pueblo, New Mexico, United States.	Nathan Youngblood	1954
date of birth	Idan Ofer (born 1955) is a London-based Israeli business magnate and philanthropist, with interests in shipping, drilling and mining.	Idan Ofer	1955
date of birth	Edwin Moss Watson (1867--1937) was a newspaper editor and publisher in Columbia, Missouri.	Edwin Moss Watson	1867
date of birth	Giovanni Innocenzo Martinelli OFM (born 5 February 1942 in El Khadra, Libya) is the Vicar Apostolic of Tripoli and the Titular Bishop of Tabuda.	Giovanni Innocenzo Martinelli	5 February 1942
date of birth	Henrique Medina Carreira (born Bissau, Portuguese Guinea, 14 December 1931) is a Portuguese jurist, former Minister of Finance and financial expert.	Henrique Medina Carreira	14 December 1931
date of birth	Stacey Cole (born 19 December 1982; Sutton, England) is a volleyball player, playing for V.V.C.-Vught in the Dutch first division in the Netherlands.	Stacey Cole	19 December 1982
date of birth	Kevin Phelan (born 8 November 1990) is an Irish professional golfer who finished T62nd at the 2013 U.S. Open.	Kevin Phelan	8 November 1990
date of birth	Phil Upton (born 9 October 1966 in Birmingham, England) is a British radio presenter in the West Midlands region.	Phil Upton	9 October 1966
date of birth	Matthew Bate (born 24 May 1987) is an Australian rules footballer and former player for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Matthew Bate	24 May 1987
date of birth	Endra Ha-Tiff (born 28 July 1976) is a Seychellois former windsurfer.	Endra Ha-Tiff	28 July 1976
date of birth	Zeno Roth (born 30 June 1956) is a German guitarist and songwriter, playing in a neoclassical/blues style.	Zeno Roth	30 June 1956
date of birth	Perkeo of Heidelberg (born Clemens Pankert, according to other sources Giovanni Clementi; 1702--1735) was a notable jester and court dwarf of Elector Palatine Charles III Philip in Heidelberg.	Perkeo of Heidelberg	1702
date of birth	Charles Stanley Nott (1887--1978) was an author, publisher, translator and a student of G. I. Gurdjieff.	Charles Stanley Nott	1887
date of birth	James Bovard (/bəˈvɑːrd/; born 1956) is a libertarian author and lecturer whose political commentary targets examples of waste, failures, corruption, cronyism and abuses of power in government.	James Bovard	1956
date of birth	Flight Lt. Harita Kaur Deol (1972 - December 25, 1996) was a pilot with the Indian Air Force.	Harita Kaur Deol	1972
date of birth	Stefano Avogadri (born 11 August 1985) is an Italian footballer player, he currently plays for the Italian club Pisa .	Stefano Avogadri	11 August 1985
date of birth	Clair Mills Callan (born 1940) is an anesthesiologist and vice-president of Science, Quality, and Public Health standards for the American Medical Association (AMA).	Clair Mills Callan	1940
date of birth	Badr Abdelgadir (Arabic: بدر عبدالقادر‎; born 1 January 1974) is a Sudanese football referee.	Badr Abdelgadir	1 January 1974
date of birth	John the Fearless (French: Jean sans Peur, Dutch: Jan zonder Vrees), also known as John of Valois and John I of Burgundy (28 May 1371 -- 10 September 1419), was Duke of Burgundy from 1404 to 1419.	John the Fearless	28 May 1371
date of birth	Jurgis Jurgelis (b. 9 August 1942 in Šiauliai, Lithuania) is a mathematics teacher, politician, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.	Jurgis Jurgelis	9 August 1942
date of birth	Burak Akçapar (born in Istanbul, 1967) is a Turkish diplomat, scholar and author, current Ambassador of Turkey to India, former Deputy Director General for South Asia at the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Turkey's representative to the International Contact Group on Afghanistan.	Burak Akçapar	1967
date of birth	Lolenga Mock (born 22 April 1972) is a Danish professional boxer and three-time former European Union super-middleweight champion.	Lolenga Mock	22 April 1972
date of birth	Noora Naraghi (Persian: نورا نراقی; born 30 May 1988) is an Iranian motocross racer.	Noora Naraghi	30 May 1988
date of birth	Malin Gerdin (born 12 March 1993) is a Swedish synchronized swimmer She won the swedish ``synchronized swimmer of the year'' four times	Malin Gerdin	12 March 1993
date of birth	Jevon King (born 10 January, 1989) is a Trinidadian model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Trinidad and Tobago 2014 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant.	Jevon King	1989
date of birth	Jiří Bruder (13 April, 1928 - 31 May, 2014) was a Czech film, theatre and voice actor, recipient of the František Filipovský Award for his lifetime achievements in dubbing (1998).	Jiří Bruder	13 April, 1928
date of birth	Blanche Winogron (May 8, 1911 -- November 22, 2002) was an American harpsichordist, pianist, and teacher.	Blanche Winogron	1911
date of birth	Lewis Warren Burtis (1848 - November 4, 1911) was a professional baseball umpire.	Warren Burtis	1848
date of birth	Rico Morack (born 18 February 1988) is a German footballer who played in the 2.	Rico Morack	18 February 1988
date of birth	Huang Guangyu, (simplified Chinese: 黄光裕; traditional Chinese: 黃光裕; pinyin: Huáng Guāngyù; Jyutping: Wong4 Kwong1 Yu6) (born 24 June 1969) was the Chairman of GOME Group, which is the largest consumer electronics retailer in China.	Huang Guangyu	24 June 1969
date of birth	Flaminius Annibali de Latera (born at Latera, near Viterbo, 23 November 1733; died at Viterbo, 27 February 1813) was an Italian historian.	Flaminius Annibali de Latera	23 November 1733
date of birth	Piyasena Kahandagamage (1938?- 2003?) is a Sinhala novelist and poet.	Piyasena Kahandagamage	1938
date of birth	Joos van Winghe (1544--1603) was a Flemish Renaissance painter.	Joos van Winghe	1544
date of birth	Zdzisław Bromek (born 18 November 1945) is a retired Polish rower who specialized in the single sculls.	Zdzisław Bromek	18 November 1945
date of birth	Edward Herbert, 2nd Earl of Powis KG (22 March 1785 -- 17 January 1848), styled Viscount Clive between 1804 and 1839, was a British peer and Tory politician.	Edward Herbert, 2nd Earl of Powis	22 March 1785
date of birth	James Howe McClure was born on 8 July 1851 in the Barony district of Glasgow, the son of James Howe McClure (1812--1891) and Grace (née Buchanan).	James Howe McClure	8 July 1851
date of birth	Kieron Gillen (born 1975) is a British comic book writer and former computer game and music journalist.	Kieron Gillen	1975
date of birth	Erik Nedeau born August 30, 1971, is a former international class middle-distance runner.	Erik Nedeau	1971
date of birth	David Bragdon (born June 20, 1959) is a politician and civic leader in the U.S. states of Oregon and New York.	David Bragdon	1959
date of birth	Pete Biagi (born 1963) is a cinematographer.	Pete Biagi	1963
date of birth	Nadezhda Besfamilnaya (Russian: Надежда Бесфамильная) (born 27 December 1950) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres.	Nadezhda Besfamilnaya	27 December 1950
date of birth	Mama Baleshwar Dayal (10 March 1905 -- 26 December 1998) was a social worker and socialist politician from India.	Mama Baleshwar Dayal	10 March 1905
date of birth	Andrzej Bartkowiak, A.S.C. (born 6 March 1950) is a Polish cinematographer and director.	Andrzej Bartkowiak	1950
date of birth	Brian Birch (born 18 November 1931) was an English footballer who played for several English clubs in the late 1940s, 1950s and early 1960s.	Brian Birch	18 November 1931
date of birth	Aras Özbiliz (Armenian: Արազ Օզբիլիս, born 9 March 1990) is an Armenian football who plays as a right winger for Spanish club Rayo Vallecano on loan from Beşiktaş and the Armenian national team.	Aras Özbiliz	9 March 1990
date of birth	José Arturo López Cándido (b. 20 December 1952) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Regeneration Movement (formerly from the Labor Party. He currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the Federal District.	José Arturo López Cándido	20 December 1952
date of birth	Ranomi Kromowidjojo (Dutch pronunciation: (raːˈnoːmi ˌkromowiˈdʒojo); born 20 August 1990) is a Dutch swimmer of mixed Dutch-Javanese Surinamese origin who mainly specialises in sprint freestyle events.	Ranomi Kromowidjojo	20 August 1990
date of birth	Sid Ahmed Ould Bneijara (born 1947) was briefly the Prime Minister of Mauritania in 1980-81.	Sid Ahmed Ould Bneijara	1947
date of birth	Gian Maria Gros-Pietro (born 4 February 1942) is an Italian manager, chairman of the management board of Intesa Sanpaolo since 9 May 2013, and member of the board of directors at Luiss Guido Carli University of Rome.	Gian Maria Gros-Pietro	4 February 1942
date of birth	Carol A. DiBattiste (born 1951) is a United States lawyer who served as United States Under Secretary of the Air Force from 1999 to 2001.	Carol A. DiBattiste	1951
date of birth	Kevin Hennessy (born 8 March 1961) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left-corner forward for the Cork senior team.	Kevin Hennessy	8 March 1961
date of birth	Namrata Rao (born 1981) is an Indian film editor, who works in Hindi cinema, where starting with Oye Lucky!	Namrata Rao	1981
date of birth	João de Sousa Carvalho (22 February 1745 -- c. 1798) was the foremost Portuguese composer of his generation.	João de Sousa Carvalho	22 February 1745
date of birth	Seun Adigun (born 3 January 1987) is a Nigerian track and field athlete who specialises in the 100 metres hurdles.	Seun Adigun	3 January 1987
date of birth	Herbert Craik (born 1880 in Greenock) was a Scottish footballer, who played as a defender.	Herbert Craik	1880
date of birth	Mark O'Donoghue (born 10 July 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Mark O'Donoghue	10 July 1967
date of birth	Jaime Monzo Cots (born 31 October 1946) is a retired Spanish swimmer who won a silver medal in the 200 m backstroke at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships.	Jaime Monzo	31 October 1946
date of birth	Sussie Pedersen (born 21 July 1960, in Copenhagen) is a Danish wheelchair curler.	Sussie Pedersen	21 July 1960
date of birth	Pietro Antonio Bernabei, M.D. (born 13 March 1948) is an Italian painter notable for his concept of bioarte.	Pietro Antonio Bernabei	13 March 1948
date of birth	Philip Hult, born 1970, is the co-chairman of EF Education First, a privately held international education organization founded by his father, Bertil Hult.	Philip Hult	1970
date of birth	Peter Bosinger (born 14 April 1965 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian former alpine skier and current coach.	Peter Bosinger	14 April 1965
date of birth	Mathias Woo Yan Wai (Chinese: 胡恩威; born 1968) is a cultural worker in the cross-media discipline in Hong Kong, with creative works ranging from theatre and multi-media design, to cultural policy research and analysis, art education, architectural design and screenplay writing.	Mathias Woo	1968
date of birth	William Beamont (1797--1889) was a Victorian solicitor and local philanthropist, living in the town of Warrington, in the north-west of England.	William Beamont	1797
date of birth	Abdulrahman Al-Bishi (Arabic: عبدالرحمن البيشي‎) (born 1 July 1982) is a Saudi Arabian footballer.	Abdulrahman Al-Bishi	1 July 1982
date of birth	Alessandro Serenelli (2 June 1882 - 6 May 1970) was an Italian, who in 1902 attempted to seduce an eleven-year-old girl named Maria Goretti.	Alessandro Serenelli	2 June 1882
date of birth	Malisa Longo (born 13 July 1950) is an Italian actress, model and writer.	Malisa Longo	13 July 1950
date of birth	Wayne Brittain (born 13 June 1958) is a former coach of the Australian Football League.	Wayne Brittain	13 June 1958
date of birth	Harriett Everard (12 March 1844 -- 22 February 1882) was an English singer and actress best known for creating the role of Little Buttercup in the Gilbert and Sullivan hit H.M.S. Pinafore.	Harriett Everard	12 March 1844
date of birth	Maggie Moore (10 April 1851 - March 15, 1926) was an American-Australian actress born as Margaret Virginia Sullivan.	Maggie Moore	10 April 1851
date of birth	Lidija Bizjak (Лидија Бизјак, (lidija bizjak), born 2 August 1976), is a concert pianist.	Lidija Bizjak	2 August 1976
date of birth	Nemo Gould (born October 3, 1975) is an American artist and sculptor known widely for his kinetic found-object sculpture as well as two-dimensional graphic work.	Nemo Gould	1975
date of birth	Jared Jussim (born 1935) is the Deputy General Counsel and Executive Vice President of the Intellectual Property Department of Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc., a division of the Sony Corporation, where he has worked since 1971.	Jared Jussim	1935
date of birth	Mandy Tam Heung-man (Traditional Chinese: 譚香文; born 8 June 1957 in Hong Kong) is a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Mandy Tam	8 June 1957
date of birth	Crystal Nix-Hines (born 1963) is the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) with the rank of ambassador.	Crystal Nix-Hines	1963
date of birth	Ramal Amanov (Azerbaijani: Ramal Rəsul oğlu Amanov, Russian: Рамал Аманов; born 13 September 1984) is an Azerbaijani boxer competing at lightweight.	Ramal Amanov	13 September 1984
date of birth	Mark Jordon (born 25 January 1965) is a British actor, best known for playing PC Phil Bellamy in the British television series Heartbeat, which he left in 2007.	Mark Jordon	25 January 1965
date of birth	Josephine Gatt Ciancio (born 1946) is a Maltese social scientist, and minor philosopher.	Josephine Gatt Ciancio	1946
date of birth	Talasani Srinivas Yadav (born 6 October 1965) is an Indian politician From Telangana State.	Talasani Srinivas Yadav	6 October 1965
date of birth	Jenny Scott (born 1970) is an English journalist and economist, currently an advisor to the Governor of the Bank of England.	Jenny Scott	1970
date of birth	Sylvan Levin (1903 -- 10 August 1996) was an American concert pianist and conductor.	Sylvan Levin	1903
date of birth	William Henry Davenport Adams, born in London on 5 May 1828, grandson of Captain Adams, R.N. (died 1806), was the only son of Samuel Adams (born Ashburton, in Devonshire, 1798, died 1853), who married in 1827 Elizabeth Mary Snell.	William Henry Davenport Adams	5 May 1828
date of birth	Joelson José Inácio (born 10 July 1983) is a Brazilian footballer for Lecco.	Joelson José Inácio	10 July 1983
date of birth	Luca Legnani (born Milan, 1980) is an Italian producer, noted art collector, former dancer, and one-time TV cop.	Luca Legnani	1980
date of birth	Girma Wake (born 13 July 1943) is an airline industry executive, and was CEO of Ethiopian Airlines from 2004 to 2011.	Girma Wake	13 July 1943
date of birth	Pilavullakandi Thekkeparambil Usha (born 27 June 1964), popularly known as P. T. Usha, is an Indian track and field athlete from the state of Kerala.	P. T. Usha	27 June 1964
date of birth	Violeta Riaubiškytė-Tarasovienė (born 25 August 1974) is a famous Lithuanian singer and show host.	Violeta Riaubiškytė-Tarasovienė	25 August 1974
date of birth	Mehmet Lütfi Kırdar (1887-February 17, 1961) was a Turkish physician, civil servant, politician and Minister of Health and Social Security.	Lütfi Kırdar	1887
date of birth	Noga Alon (Hebrew: נוגה אלון‎; born 17 February 1956) is an Israeli mathematician noted for his contributions to combinatorics and theoretical computer science, having authored hundreds of papers.	Noga Alon	17 February 1956
date of birth	Walid Atta (Arabic: وليد عطا, Walīd ``Aṭā‎) (Amharic: ዋሊድ አታ?) (born 28 August 1986) is an Ethiopian footballer.	Walid Atta	28 August 1986
date of birth	Aleksandrs Grīns was born as Jēkabs Grīns on 15 August 1895 in Birži parish, Courland Governorate.	Aleksandrs Grīns	15 August 1895
date of birth	Beata Harju (born in May, 1990) is a Finnish-born actress and filmmaker.	Beata Harju	May, 1990
date of birth	Charles-Louis Rochat, born Charbonnières 20 November 1946, was a member of the Conseil d'État (government) of Vaud from 1998 to 2007.	Charles-Louis Rochat	1946
date of birth	Sadhu Kochoonju Upadesi (Malayalam: സാധു കൊച്ചൂഞ്ഞ് ഉപദേശി; 1883 -- 30 November 1945) was a famous Malayali Christian preacher, poet and composer.	Sadhu Kochoonju Upadesi	1883
date of birth	Thomas Koppel (27 April 1944 -- 25 February 2006) was a versatile Danish classical music and avant-garde popular composer and musician.	Thomas Koppel	27 April 1944
date of birth	Gilbert Antoine de St. Maxent (also spelled Saint-Maxent) (1724 -- August 8, 1794) was a merchant and military officer who played a major role in the development of French and Spanish Louisiana.	Gilbert Antoine de St. Maxent	1724
date of birth	Kimsooja (Hangul: 김수자; born 1957) is a South Korean multi-disciplinary conceptual artist based in New York, Paris and Seoul.	Kimsooja	1957
date of birth	Júlio César da Cruz Coimbra known as Júlio César (born 10 October 1980) is a Brazilian footballer.	Júlio César da Cruz Coimbra	10 October 1980
date of birth	Joseph Younger (1892--May 16, 1932) was an architect who practiced in Washington, D.C., and is notable for the designs of the Kennedy-Warren Apartment Building on Connecticut Avenue and the Sixth Presbyterian Church on 16th Street.	Joseph Younger	1892
date of birth	Gabriele Koch (born 1948 in South Germany) is a studio potter.	Gabriele Koch	1948
date of birth	Patti Townsend, formerly Patti Benedict (born c. 1972), is an American softball coach and former player.	Patti Townsend	1972
date of birth	Petr Hájek (born 6 February 1940 in Prague; Czech pronunciation: (ˈpɛtr̩ ˈɦaːjɛk)) is a Czech scientist in the area of mathematical logic and a professor of mathematics.	Petr Hájek	6 February 1940
date of birth	Marcel Béalu was born in Selles-sur-Cher on October 30, 1908, and raised in impoverished circumstances in Saumur.	Marcel Béalu	1908
date of birth	Mark Nicoski (born 24 November 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer who previously played with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Mark Nicoski	24 November 1983
date of birth	Daniel Rapin (1799 in Payerne -- 1882) was a Swiss pharmacist and botanist.	Daniel Rapin	1799
date of birth	Duane Darby (born 17 October 1973) is a professional footballer who has made over 400 senior appearances in English football, and scored over 100 goals.	Duane Darby	17 October 1973
date of birth	Don Krug (born 1957) is an educator, activist, and author.	Don Krug	1957
date of birth	Lishan Yegezu Fanta (born 6 October 1985) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specializes in the half marathon.	Lishan Yegezu	6 October 1985
date of birth	Jeronimus Cornelisz (1598 -- October 2, 1629) (properly Corneliszoon, ``son of Cornelis'') was a Frisian apothecary and Dutch East India Company (VOC) merchant.	Jeronimus Cornelisz	1598
date of birth	Kate McGregor (born 1972) is an English actress best known for her role as shop keeper Emily Kirk in ITV's Emmerdale.	Kate McGregor	1972
date of birth	Shantanu Anam (born 1990) is an Indian writer and actor from New Delhi.	Shantanu Anam	1990
date of birth	Louise Feltham (born 22 March 1935 in Gull Island, Newfoundland and Labrador) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993.	Louise Feltham	22 March 1935
date of birth	Deepak Kadam (born 5 January 1981) is director of various video albums, ad films, TV serials and Marathi feature films as well as an actor and producer.	Deepak Kadam	5 January 1981
date of birth	Joseph Ma Yinglin (Chinese: 馬英林; born 1965) is the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association-sponsored Bishop of the diocese of Kunming, China.	Joseph Ma Yinglin	1965
date of birth	Liisa Savijarvi (born 29 December 1963 in Bracebridge, Ontario) is a former Canadian skier.	Liisa Savijarvi	29 December 1963
date of birth	Neil Brand (born 18 March 1958) is an English dramatist, composer and author.	Neil Brand	18 March 1958
date of birth	Terry M. Cross (born 1947) is a retired United States Coast Guard Vice Admiral who served as Vice Commandant of the United States Coast Guard from July 2004 until June 2006.	Terry M. Cross	1947
date of birth	Harlan Cohen (born 1934) is an American volleyball coach who led both the United States men's and women's national teams during the mid-1960s.	Harlan Cohen	1934
date of birth	Myles Cooper (1735 -- May 1, 1785) was a figure in colonial New York.	Myles Cooper	1735
date of birth	Adam Lilling (born 1970) is an entrepreneur and venture capitalist.	Adam Lilling	1970
date of birth	Lieutenant-General William Anson McCleverty (11 February 1806 -- 6 October 1897) was a British soldier who served as the Commander-in-chief of the Madras Army from 1867 to 1871.	William Anson McCleverty	11 February 1806
date of birth	Lea Ghirardi aka Lea Ghirardi-Rubbi (born 10 February 1974 in Colombes, France) is a former French tennis player whose career peaked in the 1990s.	Lea Ghirardi	10 February 1974
date of birth	Stefanos Theodoridis (Greek: Στέφανος Θεοδωρίδης); born 1950) was a Greek football defender of the 1970s era.	Stefanos Theodoridis	1950
date of birth	James Moore Wayne (1790 -- July 5, 1867) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States and was a United States Representative from Georgia.	James Moore Wayne	1790
date of birth	William Henry Havergal (18 January 1793 -- 19 April 1870) was an Anglican clergyman, writer, composer and hymnwriter, and a publisher of sermons and pamphlets.	William Henry Havergal	18 January 1793
date of birth	James K. A. Smith (born 1970) is a Canadian-American philosopher who is currently Professor of Philosophy at Calvin College, holding the Gary & Henrietta Byker Chair in Applied Reformed Theology & Worldview.	James K. A. Smith	1970
date of birth	Helena Quiding (19 August 1755 - 2 October 1819) was a Swedish culture personality and creator of Sommarvillan (also known as Sommarnöjet and during the 18th century as Heleneberg), a historic building at Lilla Skuggan in Djurgården, Stockholm.	Helena Quiding	19 August 1755
date of birth	Chen Yuan (Chinese: 陈元), born in January 1945, was the Chairman of the China Development Bank from March 1998 to April 2013.	Chen Yuan	1945
date of birth	Emilio Cavenaghi, an Italian painter of landscapes and genre pieces, was born in Caravaggio in 1852.	Emilio Cavenaghi	1852
date of birth	Firass Dirani (pronounced Feh-ress; born 29 April 1984) is a Lebanese Australian film and television actor known for his roles of Nick Russell, the Red Mystic Ranger on Power Rangers Mystic Force, Charlie on the 2009 Australian film The Combination, and as John Ibrahim on the 2010 series Underbelly:	Firass Dirani	29 April 1984
date of birth	Frank Mullen, (born January 1970) is the lead vocalist of the American death metal band Suffocation, and met band mates Mike Smith and Terrance Hobbs in high school.	Frank Mullen	January 1970
date of birth	Ivy Bottini (born 1926 in New York) is an American women's rights and LGBT rights activist.	Ivy Bottini	1926
date of birth	Jean-Charles Castelletto (born 26 January 1995) is a French footballer who currently plays in the Belgian Pro League for Mouscron-Péruwelz on loan from Club Brugge.	Jean-Charles Castelletto	26 January 1995
date of birth	Christian Olde Wolbers (born 5 August 1973) is the guitarist of the metal band Arkaea.	Christian Olde Wolbers	5 August 1973
date of birth	Rives Kistler (born 1949) is an American attorney and judge in the state of Oregon.	Rives Kistler	1949
date of birth	Noel Fehily (born 1975) is a professional horse racing jockey.	Noel Fehily	1975
date of birth	Hamada Tolba (Arabic: حمادة طلبة‎) (born 17 June 1981) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Zamalek SC as a Defender.	Hamada Tolba	17 June 1981
date of birth	Jorge Enrique Rodríguez Mendieta known by his nom de guerre Iván Vargas (born c. 1963) is a Colombian guerrilla leader member of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC-EP), former commander of the 24th Front of the Middle Magdalena Bloc of the FARC-EP.	Jorge Enrique Rodríguez	1963
date of birth	Avraham Ben-Shoshan (Hebrew: אברהם בן-שושן; born 1940) was an Aluf in the IDF, and served as the Commander of the Israeli Navy in the years 1985-1989.	Avraham Ben-Shoshan	1940
date of birth	Brigadier-General Edward Whitmore (born in England in 1691; died off Plymouth, Massachusetts, 10 December 1761) was a British soldier who served in Europe and North America.	Edward Whitmore	1691
date of birth	Efisio Tola, (1803 - 12 June 1833) was an Italian patriot.	Efisio Tola	1803
date of birth	Jean-Claude Borelly (born 2 July 1953) is a French trumpeter and composer.	Jean-Claude Borelly	2 July 1953
date of birth	Gertrud Bacher married Schöpf (born 28 February 1971 in Meran) is a retired Italian heptathlete.	Gertrud Bacher	28 February 1971
date of birth	Espen Beranek Holm (born 23 March 1960) is a Norwegian pop artist and comedian.	Espen Beranek Holm	23 March 1960
date of birth	Bagher Moazen (born in Ahvaz, 2 September 1948) is a well known Iranian-Canadian classical guitarist and composer.	Bagher Moazen	2 September 1948
date of birth	Jean Serge Essous (born 1935 Brazzaville - died November 25, 2009 in Brazzaville ) was a Congolese saxophonist, clarinetist, and cofounder of the Afrika Team in Paris, France, the band Bantous de la Capital in Brazzaville, Congo, OK Jazz, and Orchestre Rock a Mambo.	Jean Serge Essous	1935
date of birth	Ivazzade Halil Pasha (1724--1777) was an Ottoman statesman who served as grand vizier in 1769.	Ivazzade Halil Pasha	1724
date of birth	Amir Muqam Khan (Urdu:امير مقام خان ; b. 25 July 1963), is a Pakistani politician, national conservative, and mechanical engineer who is currently serving as the Advisor to Prime Minister on federal departments in Kpk since 29 October 2013.	Amir Muqam	25 July 1963
date of birth	Ada Bromham (20 December 1880 -- 15 March 1965) was an Australian feminist and temperance activist.	Ada Bromham	20 December 1880
date of birth	Ihab El-Masry (born 22 October 1985) is an Egyptian Football Striker who plays for Egyptian Premier League side Smouha Sporting Club.	Ihab El-Masry	22 October 1985
date of birth	Robin Barton (born 5 November 1958) is a British art dealer dealing primarily with Banksy's.	Robin Barton	5 November 1958
date of birth	Edward Kowalski (1915--1998) was an American professor of medicine specializing in gynecology and obstetrics.	Edward Kowalski	1915
date of birth	Alec MacKaye (born 1966) is an American singer and musician best known as a member of the DC hardcore bands Untouchables, The Faith, and Ignition.	Alec MacKaye	1966
date of birth	Igor Delijanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Делијанић, 1927 in Belgrade -- March 2, 2007 in Belgrade) was one of the most known Serbian meteorologists.	Igor Delijanić	1927
date of birth	Liu Tong (Chinese: 刘侗; Wade--Giles: Liu T'ung, c. 1593--1637) was a Chinese prose master and official from Macheng in Huanggang.	Liu Tong	1593
date of birth	Alessandro Nesta, Ufficiale OMRI (born 19 March 1976) is an Italian former professional footballer.	Alessandro Nesta	19 March 1976
date of birth	Chrisann Brennan (born 1954) is an American painter and writer who wrote the autobiography The Bite in the Apple about her relationship with Apple co-founder Steve Jobs.	Chrisann Brennan	1954
date of birth	Leif Haanes (10 September 1932 -- 5 April 2014) was a Norwegian ship-owner and Christian leader.	Leif Haanes	10 September 1932
date of birth	Chad Townsend (born 10 January 1991 in Sydney) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the National Rugby League (NRL).	Chad Townsend	10 January 1991
date of birth	Dominique Hériard Dubreuil (born in 1946) is a French businesswoman.	Dominique Hériard Dubreuil	1946
date of birth	Ivan Đurđević (Serbian: Иван Ђурђевић; born 5 February 1977) is a Serbian retired footballer.	Ivan Đurđević	5 February 1977
date of birth	Ole Siggaard-Andersen (10 Dec 1932 - ) is a Danish clinical chemist who elucidated much acid base physiology.	Ole Siggaard-Andersen	1932
date of birth	Henry Allen Bullock (May 2, 1906 Tarboro, North Carolina-February 8, 1973 Houston) was an American historian, and sociologist.	Henry Allen Bullock	1906
date of birth	Peter Meinke (born: Brooklyn, New York, 1932) is an American poet and author.	Peter Meinke	1932
date of birth	Beyene Petros (born 11 March 1950) is a professor of Biology at Addis Ababa University and a former member of the Ethiopian House of People's Representatives, representing an electoral district in Badawacho of Hadiya Zone.	Beyene Petros	11 March 1950
date of birth	Lukáš Smítal (born 15 August 1974) is a Czech professional ice hockey right winger who currently plays for and coaches the Bracknell Bees in the English Premier Ice Hockey League.	Lukáš Smítal	15 August 1974
date of birth	Sally Tanner (born 1926) represented California's 60th District in the California State Assembly from 1979 to 1992.	Sally Tanner	1926
date of birth	Robert Spring (1813--1876) was an English-born forger who forged letters from luminaries like George Washington, Benjamin Franklin and Horatio Nelson.	Robert Spring	1813
date of birth	Lodve Solholm (born 14 March 1949 in Vestnes) is the county governor of Møre og Romsdal (since 2009).	Lodve Solholm	14 March 1949
date of birth	Ashfaq Hussain Zaidi, PP, (born 1 January 1951) is a leading modern Urdu poet and an author of more than 10 books of poetry and literary criticism.	Ashfaq Hussain	1 January 1951
date of birth	Jason Norrish (born 26 January 1972) is an Australian rules footballer.	Jason Norrish	26 January 1972
date of birth	Joy Franz (born 13 June 1941 in Modesto, California) is an American actress who is best known for her work within the theatre.	Joy Franz	13 June 1941
date of birth	Gerald Sinstadt (born 19 February 1930) is a British sports commentator, broadcaster and newspaper columnist, usually on football.	Gerald Sinstadt	19 February 1930
date of birth	Vladimir Torbica (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Торбица; born 20 September 1980) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Spartak Subotica.	Vladimir Torbica	20 September 1980
date of birth	Giuliano Fortunato (born 12 May 1940) is an Italian former professional footballer, who played as a forward.	Giuliano Fortunato	12 May 1940
date of birth	Marisa Pavan (born Maria Luisa Pierangeli; 19 June 1932) is an Italian-born actress who first became famous as the twin sister to film star Pier Angeli (Anna Maria Pierangeli) before achieving film stardom on her own.	Marisa Pavan	19 June 1932
date of birth	Chittrovanu Mazumdar (born 13 October 1956) is a contemporary Indian artist of Bengali-Indian and French descent.	Chittrovanu Mazumdar	13 October 1956
date of birth	Joseph Brenan (17 November 1828 -- 27 May 1857) was a poet, journalist and author.	Joseph Brenan	17 November 1828
date of birth	Selasi Berdie (born 3 February 1986) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Gold Coast Titans who usually plays as a prop.	Selasi Berdie	3 February 1986
date of birth	Hamid Ali Khan (born 1953) is a Pakistani classical singer.	Hamid Ali Khan	1953
date of birth	P. S. Ramamohan Rao (born 1934) is an Indian politician and former civil servant.	P. S. Ramamohan Rao	1934
date of birth	Emeritus Professor John Makepeace Bennett AO FTSE (31 July 1921 -- 9 December 2010) was an early Australian computer scientist.	John Makepeace Bennett	31 July 1921
date of birth	Juliet Sorci (born 4 July 1979 in the United States) is an American actress best known for her roles in A Mom for Christmas, and several other television films.	Juliet Sorci	4 July 1979
date of birth	Pajonga Daeng Ngalie Karaeng Polongbangkeng (1901 -- February 23, 1958) was an Indonesian governor who helped coordinate attacks in South Sulawesi during the National Revolution as well as promote integration in Indonesia.	Pajonga Daeng Ngalie	1901
date of birth	Ludwig Alberto (born 15 May 1962) is a Curaçao professional manager.	Ludwig Alberto	15 May 1962
date of birth	Christian Klien (born 7 February 1983) is an Austrian former Formula One racing driver.	Christian Klien	7 February 1983
date of birth	Alex Joss (born 1985) is a Swiss domino player from Solothurn.	Alex Joss	1985
date of birth	Rolf Beab (born 4 January 1964) is a retired German breaststroke swimmer who won one gold and one silver medal at the 1985 European Aquatics Championships.	Rolf Beab	4 January 1964
date of birth	Matthew Thomson (born 11 January 1986) is a 50 m Rifle shooter who won two gold medals at the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships.	Matthew Thomson	11 January 1986
date of birth	Rana El Husseiny (born 14 September 1991) is an Egyptian foil fencer.	Rana El Husseiny	14 September 1991
date of birth	Gunnar Þór Gunnarsson (born 4 October 1985) is an Icelandic football player who currently represents KR in Pepsi deildin.	Gunnar Þór Gunnarsson	4 October 1985
date of birth	Helah Kiprop Jelagat (born 7 April 1985) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in the half marathon and marathon.	Helah Kiprop	7 April 1985
date of birth	Zohrabai Agrewali (1868--1913) was one of the most noted and influential singers of Hindustani Classical Music from the early 1900s.	Zohrabai	1868
date of birth	Sir Charles Munro, 9th Baronet of Foulis-Obsdale (20 May 1795 -- after 1818) was a Scottish Baronet and soldier.	Sir Charles Munro, 9th Baronet	20 May 1795
date of birth	(George) Christiaan Slieker (1861-1945) was a Dutch film exhibitor in the early days of cinematography.	Christiaan Slieker	1861
date of birth	Cameron McGowan Currie (born 1948) is a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina.	Cameron McGowan Currie	1948
date of birth	Khaled Ahmed (Urdu: خالد احمد‎ , born 21 December 1943) is a Pakistani political analyst.	Khaled Ahmed	21 December 1943
date of birth	Logi Bergmann Eiðsson (born 2 December 1966) is an Icelandic television host, news anchor and reporter.	Logi Bergmann Eiðsson	2 December 1966
date of birth	Lance Nielsen (born 1974) is an English screenwriter and playwright whose work focuses predominantly on topics set in social and political arenas.	Lance Nielsen	1974
date of birth	Milos Raickovich (Serbian Милош Раичковић, Miloš Raičković) (born 1956) is a Serbian-American composer and anti-war activist.	Milos Raickovich	1956
date of birth	Taoufik Makhloufi (Arabic: توفيق مخلوفي‎; born 29 April 1988) is an Algerian track and field icon who specialises in middle-distance running.	Taoufik Makhloufi	29 April 1988
date of birth	Roine Carlsson (born 10 December 1937) is a Swedish socialdemocratic politician.	Roine Carlsson	10 December 1937
date of birth	Henrietta Marrie (née Fourmile) (born 1954) is an Australian indigenous rights activist.	Henrietta Marrie	1954
date of birth	Ziad Jaziri (Arabic: زياد جزيري‎) (born 12 July 1978 in Tunis) is a Tunisian former football striker.	Ziad Jaziri	12 July 1978
date of birth	Ellery Thompson (1899--1987) was an American sea captain and writer.	Ellery Thompson	1899
date of birth	Joachim Sauter (born 1959) is a German media artist and designer.	Joachim Sauter	1959
date of birth	Laurent Monsengwo Pasinya (born 7 October 1939) is the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Kinshasa and de facto primate of the Democratic Republic of Congo since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI in 2007.	Laurent Monsengwo Pasinya	7 October 1939
date of birth	Thomas Smith Williamson (March 1800 -- June 24, 1879) was an American physician and missionary.	Thomas Smith Williamson	March 1800
date of birth	William Winant (born 1953) is an American percussionist.	William Winant	1953
date of birth	Saint Nimatullah Kassab, O.L.M., (1808 -- 14 December 1858) was a Lebanese monk, priest and scholar of the Maronite Church.	Nimatullah Kassab	1808
date of birth	Peter Weill (born ca 1955) is an Australian computer scientist and organizational theorist, Professor of Information Systems Research at the MIT Sloan School of Management, and chairman of the MIT Center for Information Systems Research (CISR).	Peter Weill	1955
date of birth	A. Andrews (born 1818) was a state representative for Minnesota's 20th district serving Cottonwood, Faribault, Jackson, Martin, Murray, Pipestone, and Rock counties.	A. Andrews	1818
date of birth	Ognjen Koroman (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњен Короман, pronounced (ɔ̂ɡɲɛn kɔrɔ̌man); born 19 September 1978 in Pale, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia) is a retired Serbian international footballer.	Ognjen Koroman	19 September 1978
date of birth	Alessio Tramello (1455--1535) was an Italian Renaissance architect who mostly designed churches and civic works.	Alessio Tramello	1455
date of birth	Ross Caldwell (born 26 October 1993) is a Scottish footballer, who currently plays for Cowdenbeath as a striker.	Ross Caldwell	26 October 1993
date of birth	Arnold Othmar Wieland (born 1 August 1940) is a German-speaking Italian.	Arnold Othmar Wieland	1 August 1940
date of birth	Bárbara Jacobs (19 October 1947) is a Mexican writer, poet, essayist and translator.	Bárbara Jacobs	19 October 1947
date of birth	Ajith Kosala Kuruppuarachchi (born 1 November 1964, Colombo) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played in two Tests from 1986 to 1987.	Kosala Kuruppuarachchi	1 November 1964
date of birth	Kwak Dong-yeon (곽동연; born 19 March 1997), is a South Korean actor and a singer-trainee.	Kwak Dong-yeon	19 March 1997
date of birth	Mubin Ergashev (6 October 1973) is a Tajik professional football coach, currently managing FC Istiklol and Tajikistan.	Mubin Ergashev	6 October 1973
date of birth	Anton Hodge (born 1969) is a British writer, born in Dunfermline, Scotland, but now living in North Yorkshire, England.	Anton Hodge	1969
date of birth	Pierre Paradis (born 16 July 1950) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Pierre Paradis	16 July 1950
date of birth	Mehmet Topuz (born 7 September 1983) is a Turkish football midfield player, who plays for Fenerbahçe.	Mehmet Topuz	7 September 1983
date of birth	Antjie Krog (born 23 October 1952) is a South African poet, academic, and writer.	Antjie Krog	23 October 1952
date of birth	Gino Montefinale (born in Portovenere, Italy on 9 June 1881, died in Genoa on 21 December 1974) was an Italian admiral, writer and artist.	Gino Montefinale	9 June 1881
date of birth	Caren Sonn, née Jung (born 18 January 1968) is a retired German hurdler.	Caren Sonn	18 January 1968
date of birth	David Forbes Martyn FRS (27 June 1906 -- 5 March 1970) was a Scottish-born Australian physicist and radiographer.	David Forbes Martyn	27 June 1906
date of birth	Maude Garrett (born 6 March 1986) is an Australian radio and television personality, magazine columnist, and YouTube personality.	Maude Garrett	6 March 1986
date of birth	Paul Tighe (born 12 February 1958) has been the Adjunct Secretary of the Pontifical Council for Culture since his appointment on 19 December 2015.	Paul Tighe	12 February 1958
date of birth	Alexander Gough was born in 1614, the son of Robert Gough, an actor with the King's Men.	Alexander Gough	1614
date of birth	Arthur Annesley Ronald Firbank (17 January 1886 -- 21 May 1926) was an innovative British novelist.	Ronald Firbank	17 January 1886
date of birth	George Legrady (born in 1950, in Budapest) is a multidisciplinary, interactive media artist.	George Legrady	1950
date of birth	Danielle Demski (born 1981) is a television presenter and beauty queen from Chandler, Arizona who has competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss USA pageants.	Danielle Demski	1981
date of birth	Marelissa Him Betancourt (born 2 July 1988, Ciudad de Panamá, Panamá) is a Panamanian model and beauty pageant contestant, winner of the Miss Earth Panamá 2011 title.	Marelissa Him	2 July 1988
date of birth	Jerry E. Wilkerson (1944 -- March 20, 2013) was an American farmer and legislator.	Jerry E. Wilkerson	1944
date of birth	Frederick Noel Hamilton Wills (Noel) was born in 1887, the youngest son of Sir Frederick Wills of Northmoor, Dulverton and Anne (née Hamilton).	Frederick Noel Hamilton Wills	1887
date of birth	John Miskella (born 7 March 1978) is an Irish former sportsperson.	John Miskella	7 March 1978
date of birth	Julius Reinhold Friedlander (1803--1839) was the first superintendent of the Overbrook School for the Blind (Originally known as the Pennsylvania Institution for the Instruction of the Blind) in 1832.	Julius Reinhold Friedlander	1803
date of birth	Yekaterina Rozenberg, née Noskova (Russian: Екатерина Розенберг, born 23 January 1980) is a retired Russian runner who specialized in the 1500 metres.	Yekaterina Rozenberg	23 January 1980
date of birth	Sujit Nayak (born 23 June 1989, full name Sujit Surendra Nayak) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Mumbai in the C.K Nayudu Trophy.	Sujit Nayak	23 June 1989
date of birth	Karel Kolský (21 September 1914 in Kročehlavy -- 17 February 1984) was a Czech football player and later a football manager.	Karel Kolský	21 September 1914
date of birth	Barbara Meier (born 25 July 1986) is a German fashion model and actress.	Barbara Meier	25 July 1986
date of birth	Lazar Arsić (Serbian Cyrillic: Лазар Арсић; born 24 September 1991) is a professional Serbian footballer who plays for Radnik Surdulica in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Lazar Arsić	24 September 1991
date of birth	Brendan Fennelly (born 1956 in Piltown, County Kilkenny, Ireland) is an Irish former hurling manager and retired player.	Brendan Fennelly	1956
date of birth	Jack Stobbs (born 27 February 1997) is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Championship side Sheffield Wednesday.	Jack Stobbs	27 February 1997
date of birth	Dean Shek (sometimes written Shek Tien) aka Dean Shek Tin (born 17 October 1950) is a veteran Hong Kong feature film actor and film producer with over 92 films acting credits to his name.	Dean Shek	17 October 1950
date of birth	Andrea Arnold, OBE (born 5 April 1961) is an English filmmaker and former actress, who made her feature film directorial debut in 2006 with Red Road.	Andrea Arnold	5 April 1961
date of birth	Ferenc Lenkei (born 23 March 1946) is a retired Hungarian breaststroke swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships.	Ferenc Lenkei	23 March 1946
date of birth	Rob Gale (born 3 August, 1977) is an English football manager, currently in charge of the Canadian men's U-20 team.	Rob Gale	3 August, 1977
date of birth	Daniel Bell-Drummond (born 4 August 1993 in Lewisham, London) is an English first-class cricketer, who plays for Kent County Cricket Club as an opening batsman.	Daniel Bell-Drummond	4 August 1993
date of birth	George Caines (1771 -- July 10, 1825) was the first official reporter of cases in the United States, appointed by the Court of Appeals of New York in accordance with legislation enacted by that state in April, 1804.	George Caines	1771
date of birth	Allel Boukhalfa (17 February 1988) is a Paralympic athlete from Algeria.	Allel Boukhalfa	17 February 1988
date of birth	Andreas Moe (born 2 October 1988) is a Swedish singer, songwriter, producer and multi-instrumentalist.	Andreas Moe	2 October 1988
date of birth	James Stern (26 December 1904 -- 22 November 1993) was an Anglo-Irish writer of short stories and non-fiction.	James Stern	26 December 1904
date of birth	Cynthia Phua Siok Gek (Chinese: 潘惜玉; pinyin: Pān Xīyù; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Phoaⁿ Sioh-gio̍k, born 19 August 1958) is a former Singaporean Member of Parliament who has represented Aljunied GRC from 2001 to 2011.	Cynthia Phua	19 August 1958
date of birth	Brian Currin (born 20 September 1950) is a South African lawyer who was instrumental in the establishment of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.	Brian Currin	20 September 1950
date of birth	Bocundji Ca (born 28 December 1986 in Biombo) is a Bissau-Guinean footballer who plays in midfield for French club Stade Reims.	Bocundji Ca	28 December 1986
date of birth	Daniel Cazés Menache (13 September 1939, México City - 20 December 2012) was a Mexican anthropologist and gender studies scholar.	Daniel Cazés	1939
date of birth	Prince Michael Andreevich of Russia (15 July 1920 -- 22 September 2008) was a descendant of the House of Romanov which ruled Russia from 1613 to 1917.	Prince Michael Andreevich of Russia	15 July 1920
date of birth	Gary David Gilbert, (born 1935, died November 10, 1995) on-air name Gary Dee, was a pioneer in controversial talk radio.	Gary Dee	1935
date of birth	Prof. Madhu Sudan Kanungo (1 April 1927 -- 26 July 2011) was an Indian scientist in the field of gerontology and neuroscience as well as a teacher of molecular biology and biochemistry.	Madhu Sudan Kanungo	1 April 1927
date of birth	Mehboob Alam (also spelled as Mahaboob Alam) (Nepali: मेहबूब आलम) (born 31 August 1981) is a Nepalese cricketer.	Mehboob Alam	31 August 1981
date of birth	Revaz Chelebadze (Georgian: რევაზ ჩელებაძე) (born 2 October 1955) is a retired Georgian football player.	Revaz Chelebadze	2 October 1955
date of birth	Hilarion (291--371) was an anchorite who spent most of his life in the desert according to the example of Anthony the Great.	Hilarion	291
date of birth	Simon Fishel (born 29 July 1953) is an English physiologist, biochemist and pioneering in vitro fertilisation (IVF) specialist.	Simon Fishel	29 July 1953
date of birth	Meir Shahar (Hebrew: מאיר שחר, born in 1959 in Jerusalem, Israel) is a professor in the Department of East Asian Studies at Tel Aviv University.	Meir Shahar	1959
date of birth	Rose of Viterbo, T.O.S.F. (c. 1233 -- March 6, 1251), was a young woman born in Viterbo, then a contested commune of the Papal States.	Rose of Viterbo	1233
date of birth	Ranulf Higden or Higdon (c. 1280 -- March 12, 1364) was an English chronicler and a Benedictine monk of the monastery of St. Werburgh in Chester.	Ranulf Higden	1280
date of birth	Brett Mahony (born 4 April 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played two games for Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1989.	Brett Mahony	4 April 1970
date of birth	Eileen Catterson (born c. 1970) is a Scottish fashion model and former Miss Scotland.	Eileen Catterson	1970
date of birth	Yisrael Hasson (Hebrew: ישראל חסון‎, born 27 April 1955) is an Israeli politician and former Deputy Director of Shin Bet.	Yisrael Hasson	27 April 1955
date of birth	Riccardo Zoidl (born 8 April 1988) is an Austrian cyclist who rides for Trek Factory Racing.	Riccardo Zoidl	8 April 1988
date of birth	Päivi Marja Hannele Huovi, married name Eskola (b. 19 March 1949), is a Finnish writer and recipient of the Eino Leino Prize in 2009.	Hannele Huovi	19 March 1949
date of birth	Klaus Toppmöller (born 12 August 1951) is a former football player and the coach of Georgia national football team from 2006 to 1 April 2008.	Klaus Toppmöller	12 August 1951
date of birth	James Bieri (born 1927) is a psychologist and biographer who introduced in 1955 the concept of cognitive complexity, derived from his doctoral study with George A. Kelly.	James Bieri	1927
date of birth	Marie Breen Smyth (born 26 January 1953) is an academic author, teacher and researcher from Northern Ireland.	Marie Breen Smyth	26 January 1953
date of birth	Carlos Nobre Ferreira (born 1940) was a Portuguese rugby union player.	Carlos Nobre	1940
date of birth	Olexandr Stretskyy, also known as Oleksandr Stretskiy, (born 6 May 1986) is a Ukrainian amateur boxer who won the bronze medal at the 2006 European Amateur Boxing Championships and thereby qualified for the Olympics 2008 in Beiijing.	Olexandr Stretskyy	6 May 1986
date of birth	George Howard, 6th Earl of Carlisle KG PC FRS (17 September 1773 -- 7 October 1848), styled Viscount Morpeth until 1825, was a British statesman.	George Howard, 6th Earl of Carlisle	17 September 1773
date of birth	Branka Katić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранка Катић; born 20 January 1970) is a Serbian actress known for appearing in the movies Black Cat, White Cat and Public Enemies, and in the TV series Big Love.	Branka Katić	20 January 1970
date of birth	Brian L. Schmidt (born in 1962) is a music composer for various video games and pinball games.	Brian L. Schmidt	1962
date of birth	Gediminas Gelgotas (born 12 June 1986 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian composer, conductor and self-performing artist.	Gediminas Gelgotas	12 June 1986
date of birth	Joseph Tonda (born 1952) is a sociologist and anthropologist of Congolese and Gabonese background.	Joseph Tonda	1952
date of birth	Hossein Kamali (In Persian: حسین کمالی; born 1953) is an Iranian politician.	Hossein Kamali	1953
date of birth	Philippe Blanchard (born January 1942) has been a Professor of Mathematical Physics at Faculty of Physics, Bielefeld University since 1980.	Philippe Blanchard	January 1942
date of birth	Andrew Wojtanik (born 1989) was the winner of the National Geographic Bee hosted by Alex Trebek in 2004, and the National Geographic World Championship in 2005.	Andrew Wojtanik	1989
date of birth	Joy Layne (born 1941) was an American pop singer from Chicago, Illinois, often compared to Sandy Duncan and with a style inspired in at least part by Teresa Brewer.	Joy Layne	1941
date of birth	Wouter Vandenhaute (born 16 February 1962) is a former Belgian sports-journalist, a TV-program maker and he is the manager of the TV production company Woestijnvis.	Wouter Vandenhaute	16 February 1962
date of birth	Lucy Hastings, Countess of Huntingdon (1613 -- November 14, 1679), born Lucy Davies, was a seventeenth-century English poet.	Lucy Hastings	1613
date of birth	Charles Constantine (13 November 1846 -- 5 May 1912) was a Canadian North-West Mounted Police officer and superintendent, from Bradford, Yorkshire.	Charles Constantine	13 November 1846
date of birth	Jan Veleba (born 6 December 1986) is a Czech athlete specialising in the sprinting events.	Jan Veleba	6 December 1986
date of birth	Sheridan Barnett (born 1951) is a British former fashion designer who worked with London boutique Quorum and launched the brand Barnett and Brown with Sheilagh Brown during the late 1970s.	Sheridan Barnett	1951
date of birth	Benedict Carey (born 3 March 1960), also known as Ben, is an American journalist and reporter on medical and science topics for The New York Times.	Benedict Carey	3 March 1960
date of birth	Ernst-Ludwig Winnacker (born 26 July 1941 in Frankfurt ) is a German geneticist, biochemist and research manager.	Ernst-Ludwig Winnacker	26 July 1941
date of birth	Fang Yi (Chinese: 方毅; Wade--Giles: Fang I; 26 February 1916 -- 17 October 1997) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary, diplomat, and high-ranking politician.	Fang Yi	26 February 1916
date of birth	Don Landry (born ca. 1964) is a Canadian sports broadcaster who formerly hosted the Morning Show on The Fan 590 with Pat Marsden and then Gord Stellick.	Don Landry	1964
date of birth	Cari Champion (born June 1975) is an American broadcast journalist and television personality.	Cari Champion	June 1975
date of birth	Samuel Gerrard (1767 -- March 24, 1857) was a Canadian fur trader, businessman, militia officer, justice of the peace, politician, and seigneur.	Samuel Gerrard	1767
date of birth	Henning Boel (born 15 August 1945) is a Danish former football player, who played professionally in the USA and Scotland.	Henning Boel	15 August 1945
date of birth	Walter Ofonagoro (born 24 June 1940) is a Nigerian scholar, politician and businessman who is a former Minister of Information and Culture, Federal Republic of Nigeria.	Walter Ofonagoro	24 June 1940
date of birth	Simona Baumrtová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈsɪmona ˈbau̯mr̩tovaː), born 24 August 1991) is a Czech swimmer most successfully competing in backstroke events.	Simona Baumrtová	24 August 1991
date of birth	Chen Chunxian (Chinese:陈春先; 1934 -- August 11, 2004) was the founder of the Silicon Valley of China, also known as Zhongguancun.	Chen Chunxian	1934
date of birth	Peter Lawwell (born 27 May 1959) is the chief executive of the Scottish Premier League football club Celtic F.C.	Peter Lawwell	27 May 1959
date of birth	Pieter Bosch Botha (born 12 March 1985), also known by his married name as Pieter Howes, is a South African actor, theatre director, playwright and television script writer.	Pieter Bosch Botha	12 March 1985
date of birth	Carlo Mattogno (born 1951) is an Italian author, specialist in text analysis and critique, and a Holocaust denier.	Carlo Mattogno	1951
date of birth	Bronisława Wieniawa-Długoszowska (1886 -- August 26, 1953 Paris) was of Russian Jewish origin.	Bronisława Wieniawa-Długoszowska	1886
date of birth	Michel Paysant (born 1955 in Bouzonville in France) is a French artist.	Michel Paysant	1955
date of birth	Mike Horn (born 16 July 1966) is a South African-born Swiss explorer and adventurer.	Mike Horn	16 July 1966
date of birth	Sulaiman Layeq (Pashto: سليمان لايق‎ - born 12 October 1930) was an Afghan politician, ideologue and poet.	Sulaiman Layeq	12 October 1930
date of birth	John Bulmer Hobson (14 January 1883 -- 8 August 1969) was a leading member of the Irish Volunteers and the Irish Republican Brotherhood (IRB) before the Easter Rising in 1916.	Bulmer Hobson	14 January 1883
date of birth	Naomi Mugo (born 2 January 1977 in Nyahururu) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres and cross-country running.	Naomi Mugo	2 January 1977
date of birth	Anel Karabeg (born 7 March 1962) is a former Bosnian football footballer, from the 1980s whose professional career lasted until the end of season 2000--01.	Anel Karabeg	7 March 1962
date of birth	Gheorghe Bunea Stancu (born 24 December 1954) is a Romanian politician, member of the Partidul Social Democrat (PSD), the President of the Consiliul Local Judeţean Brăila and also President of CF Brăila.	Gheorghe Bunea Stancu	24 December 1954
date of birth	Jeanette Brakewell (born 4 February 1974) has been riding since the age of four and is a professional eventing rider.	Jeanette Brakewell	4 February 1974
date of birth	Maria Mies (born 1931, Steffeln) is a professor of sociology and author of several feminist books, including Indian Women and Patriarchy (1980), Patriarchy and Accumulation on a World Scale (1986), and (with Bennholdt-Thomsen and von Werlhof) Women:	Maria Mies	1931
date of birth	Nirwan Dewanto (born 28 September 1961) is an Indonesian poet, curate and cultural critic.	Nirwan Dewanto	28 September 1961
date of birth	Sammy Gutiérrez (born 31 December 1985), is a Mexican professional boxer in the Strawweight division.	Sammy Gutiérrez	31 December 1985
date of birth	Cristiana Dumitrache (born 1956) is a Romanian scientist, head of the Astrophysical Institute at the Astronomical Observatory of the Romanian Academy.	Cristiana Dumitrache	1956
date of birth	Husejin Biščević (28 July 1884 -- ?) was the highest ranking Bosnian military officer in the 13th Waffen Mountain Division of the SS Handschar (1st Croatian) during World War II.	Husejin Biščević	28 July 1884
date of birth	Nancy Joy Baluch AM (10 October 1932 -- 14 May 2013) was an Australian politician who served as Mayor of Port Augusta from 1981 to 1993 and from 1995 until her death.	Joy Baluch	10 October 1932
date of birth	Ricky Hoover (born 1985) is an American metal singer, lyricist, businessman, and barber.	Ricky Hoover	1985
date of birth	Stefan Obermaier (born 8 January 1981) is an Austrian electronic musician, producer and DJ. Born in Schwarzach/Pongau in Salzburg, Stefan Obermaier lives and works in Vienna since 2001.	Stefan Obermaier	8 January 1981
date of birth	After the fall of the royal Thuringian seat of Scithingi to the king of Metz, Theuderic I in 531, Amalaberga fled to the Ostrogothic king Theodahad, her brother, with Amalafrid and his sister Rodelinda.	Amalafrid	531
date of birth	Kirsty Wade (née McDermott, born 6 August 1962) is a former middle distance runner who competed for Great Britain and Wales.	Kirsty Wade	6 August 1962
date of birth	Harry Domela (1905 - after 1978) was a Latvian-born impostor who pretended to be a deposed German crown prince.	Harry Domela	1905
date of birth	Mili Avital (Hebrew: מילי אביטל‎; born 30 March 1972) is an Israeli-American actress.	Mili Avital	30 March 1972
date of birth	Henrik Irgang Elsner (born 1954) is a Danish scientist and entrepreneur.	Henrik Irgang Elsner	1954
date of birth	Don Mullan (born 1956, Derry, Northern Ireland) is an Irish best-selling author/humanitarian and media producer.	Don Mullan	1956
date of birth	Silas Aiken (Bedford, New Hampshire, 1799-1869) was an American religious author and minister.	Silas Aiken	1799
date of birth	The Very Reverend Sir George Bisshopp, 9th Baronet (5 July 1791 -- 22 March 1834) was Dean of the Chapel Royal, Dublin;	George Bisshopp	5 July 1791
date of birth	Floyd Havard (born 16 October 1965) is a Welsh former super featherweight boxer.	Floyd Havard	16 October 1965
date of birth	Stefan Zinni (born 6 July 1996) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a left or right winger for Melbourne City FC in the A-League.	Stefan Zinni	6 July 1996
date of birth	María Elena Orantes López (born 24 July 1968) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PRD (formerly to the PRI).	María Elena Orantes López	24 July 1968
date of birth	Yara Martinez (born August 31, 1979) is an American television actress who is best known for her roles as Kelly in Hollywood Heights and as Dr. Luisa Alver on The CW comedy series Jane the Virgin.	Yara Martinez	1979
date of birth	Dan Negru (born 23 February 1971) is a Romanian TV presenter and host of the Romanian version of Star Factory.	Dan Negru	23 February 1971
date of birth	Peder Furubotn (29 August 1890 -- 28 November 1975) was a Norwegian cabinetmaker, politician for the Communist Party and resistance member during World War II.	Peder Furubotn	29 August 1890
date of birth	Elaine Laron (February 18, 1930 -- June 6, 2013) was an American songwriter and lyricist.	Elaine Laron	1930
date of birth	Esteban Piñero Camacho (born 28 February 1981) is a member of the boyband D'NASH.	Esteban Piñero Camacho	28 February 1981
date of birth	Dipendu Biswas (born 29 September 1981) is an Indian footballer.	Dipendu Biswas	29 September 1981
date of birth	Ronny Moorings (born 20 May 1961) is a Dutch musician best known for his work with pioneering darkwave band Clan of Xymox.	Ronny Moorings	20 May 1961
date of birth	Xu Guangchun (Chinese: 徐光春; pinyin: Xú Guāngchūn; born November 1944) is a retired Chinese politician who served as the Communist Party Secretary of Henan province between 2004 and 2009.	Xu Guangchun	November 1944
date of birth	Martin Leiner (* 30 November 1960 in Homburg/Saar) is a German Protestant theologian.	Martin Leiner	1960
date of birth	Milad Masaeli (Persian: میلاد مسائلی‎‎, born 28 May 1988) is an Iranian handball player for Samen Sabzevar and the Iranian national team.	Milad Masaeli	28 May 1988
date of birth	Zulima Farber (born 1944) is the former Attorney General of New Jersey and the first Latina (Cuban) to serve as Acting Governor of New Jersey.	Zulima Farber	1944
date of birth	Muhammad al-Zurqani (1645 -1710 CE ) (Arabic: محمد الزرقاني‎) was an Sunni Maliki Islamic scholar.	Muhammad al-Zurqani	1645
date of birth	Sir Nicholas Overbury (1551 - May 1643) was an English lawyer, landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1604 to 1611.	Nicholas Overbury	1551
date of birth	Le-Roy Quido Mohamed (16 August 1989), who performs under the name Quido, is a Namibian rapper.	Quido	16 August 1989
date of birth	Jolien D'Hoore (born 14 March 1990) is a Belgian cyclist who is a 29-time national track champion as well as a four-time national road champion at all competition levels.	Jolien D'Hoore	14 March 1990
date of birth	Malik Hall (born in 1996), better known by his stage name Haleek Maul, is an American rapper based in Barbados.	Haleek Maul	1996
date of birth	Neil Lazarus (born 1967) is a Jewish educator and communications consultant.	Neil Lazarus	1967
date of birth	Struck by the Ree, also known as Strikes the Ree, (c. 1804-1888) was a chief of the Native American Yankton Sioux tribe.	Struck by the Ree	1804
date of birth	Willem Wouter Gerritse (born 1 January 1983 in Amersfoort) is a Dutch ex-water polo player, who played for Hungarian top division side Egri VK and the Dutch national team.	Willem Wouter Gerritse	1 January 1983
date of birth	Thóra Arnórsdóttir (born 18 February 1975), is an Icelandic media personality and a candidate for the presidential election in June 2012.	Thóra Arnórsdóttir	18 February 1975
date of birth	Robert Budi Hartono (traditional Chinese: 黃惠忠; simplified Chinese: 黄惠忠; pinyin: Huáng Huìzhōng; Hokkien: Oei Hwie Tjong; born in 1940) is a Chinese Indonesian tobacco billionaire with a 2015 net worth of US$9.1 billion.	Robert Budi Hartono	1940
date of birth	Ali Bitchin (born circa 1560 and assassinated in 1645) was a ``renegade'' (Christian converted to Islam) who made his fortune in Algiers through privateering.	Ali Bitchin	1560
date of birth	Ahmed Skirej (also transcribed Skiredj) or Abu-l-Abbas Ahmed ibn al-Iyyashi Sukayrij al-Khazraji Al-Ansari al-Fasi (1878-1944) was a well known Moroccan Sufi scholar and judge.	Ahmed Skirej	1878
date of birth	Manu Shlomovich (1927-2000) was an Israeli footballer who played for Juventus and Maccabi Netanya.	Manu Shlomovich	1927
date of birth	Camarin Grae is the pen name of Marian Grace (born 1941), an American writer of lesbian-themed science fiction.	Camarin Grae	1941
date of birth	Peter Froggatt is a top talent agent, born on 29 December 1934, in Glossop, Derbyshire.	Peter Froggatt	29 December 1934
date of birth	Myriam Warner-Vieyra (born March 25, 1939) is a Guadeloupean-born writer.	Myriam Warner-Vieyra	1939
date of birth	Michelle Haber, AM, FAHMS (born 18 October 1956) is an Australian cancer researcher.	Michelle Haber	18 October 1956
date of birth	Madhukar Keche (Devanagari: मधुकर केचे) (1932 - 1993) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Madhukar Keche	1932
date of birth	Robert Kushner (born 1949, Pasadena, CA) is an American contemporary painter who is known especially for his involvement in Pattern and Decoration.	Robert Kushner	1949
date of birth	Stavros Diamantopoulos (Greek: Σταύρος Διαμαντόπουλος) (born 4 August 1947) is a Greek football player and manager.	Stavros Diamantopoulos	4 August 1947
date of birth	William D. Brown (1813 -- February 3, 1868) was the first pioneer to envision building a city where Omaha, Nebraska sits today.	William D. Brown	1813
date of birth	Sigrid Quack (born 17 July 1958) is a German social scientist working in the field of comparative sociology.	Sigrid Quack	17 July 1958
date of birth	Elohor Eva Alordiah (born 13 August 1989), better known as Eva Alordiah or simply Eva, is a Nigerian rapper, entertainer, make-up artist, fashion designer and entrepreneur.	Eva Alordiah	13 August 1989
date of birth	Jeffery Gibson (born 15 August 1990) is a Bahamian sprint athlete mainly competing in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles.	Jeffery Gibson	15 August 1990
date of birth	Hannah Collins (born 1956) is a British contemporary artist and filmmaker.	Hannah Collins	1956
date of birth	Sir Luke Schaub (1 May 1690 -- 27 February 1758) was a British diplomat.	Luke Schaub	1 May 1690
date of birth	Julia Ecklar (born 1964) is a John W. Campbell Award--winning science fiction author and a singer and writer of filk music who recorded numerous albums in the Off Centaur label in the early 1980s, including Minus Ten and Counting, Horse-Tamer's Daughter, and Genesis.	Julia Ecklar	1964
date of birth	Aferdita Kameraj (born 5 June 1984 in Deçan, Yugoslavia) is a German football defender of Kosovar descent.	Aferdita Kameraj	5 June 1984
date of birth	Claudia Gerini (born 18 December 1971) is an Italian actress and showgirl.	Claudia Gerini	18 December 1971
date of birth	Fujiwara no Takamitsu (藤原 高光, c. 939-994) was a mid-Heian period waka poet and Japanese nobleman.	Fujiwara no Takamitsu	939
date of birth	Prodromos Katsantonis (born 20 October 1975) is a Cypriot sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.	Prodromos Katsantonis	20 October 1975
date of birth	Luke Hines (born 4 May 1982 in Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire) is a British auto racing driver, he is the son of former karting champion and Zip Kart founder/owner Martin Hines.	Luke Hines	4 May 1982
date of birth	Houcine Toulali (1924--1998) was Moroccan writer and singer of malhun compositions.	Houcine Toulali	1924
date of birth	Cao Keqiang (Chinese: 曹克强) (born October 1921) is a Chinese diplomat.	Cao Keqiang	1921
date of birth	Mark A. Meyer (born 1946 in New York) is the founder and President of the Romanian-American Chamber of Commerce (1990) and the Moldovan-American Chamber of Commerce (1993).	Mark A. Meyer	1946
date of birth	Emmanuel Besnier (born 18 September 1970) is a French heir, businessman and philanthropist.	Emmanuel Besnier	18 September 1970
date of birth	John Murton (1585 -- ca. 1626), also known as John Morton, was a co-founder of the Baptist faith in Great Britain.	John Murton	1585
date of birth	Conradine Birgitte Dunker (née Hansteen) (25 August 1780 -- 11 September 1866) was a Norwegian socialite and writer.	Conradine Birgitte Dunker	25 August 1780
date of birth	Jeremy Seabrook (born 1939) is an English author and journalist specialising in social, environmental and development issues.	Jeremy Seabrook	1939
date of birth	Antonios Eparchos (1491--1571) was a Greek Renaissance humanist, soldier and poet.	Antonios Eparchos	1491
date of birth	David Evelyn Nye was a British architect, born in 1906, who practised in Surrey, England.	David Evelyn Nye	1906
date of birth	Annie Hemingway (born 14 December 1985) is a British actress and voice-over artist.	Annie Hemingway	14 December 1985
date of birth	Christopher Sperandio (born 1964) is an American artist known for his collaborative work with British artist Simon Grennan.	Christopher Sperandio	1964
date of birth	Priscah Jepleting Cherono, née Ngetich (born 27 June 1980 in Kamuiywa, Nandi District) is a Kenyan runner who specialises in the 5000 metres and cross-country running.	Priscah Jepleting Cherono	27 June 1980
date of birth	Siobhan Hayes (born 23 April 1975) is an actress, best known for her character ``Sandy'', the office trainee in the BBC Radio series Absolute Power.	Siobhan Hayes	23 April 1975
date of birth	Zhuang Kezhu (Chinese: 庄可柱; born February 1955) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Zhuang Kezhu	February 1955
date of birth	Kwan Swee Lian (born 1933) is a Malaysian chef and businessperson.	Kwan Swee Lian	1933
date of birth	Claire Cunningham (born 1977) is a Scottish choreographer and dancer who has been in the limelight due to dance performances with crutches which she uses because she was born with a osteoporosis a progressive bone disease.	Claire Cunningham	1977
date of birth	Shakur Akbarnejad (Persian: ‌‌شکور اکبرنژاد‎‎; born 1960) is an Iranian politician.	Shakur Akbarnejad	1960
date of birth	Peter Lichtner-Hoyer (born 28 December 1925) was an Austrian sportsman and colonel.	Peter Lichtner-Hoyer	28 December 1925
date of birth	Jakob Schegk (also known as Jakob Degen, Johann Jacob Brucker Schegk, Jakob Schegk the elder, Schegkius, and Scheckius) (6 June 1511 -- 9 May 1587) was a polymath German Aristotelian philosopher and academic physician.	Jakob Schegk	6 June 1511
date of birth	Shmuel Eliyahu (Hebrew: שמואל אליהו‎; b. 29 November 1956 (25 Kislev 5717)) is an Israeli rabbi.	Shmuel Eliyahu	29 November 1956
date of birth	Nathaniel Wanley (1634--1680) was an English clergyman and writer, known for The Wonders of the Little World.	Nathaniel Wanley	1634
date of birth	Paddy Richmond (born 1980) is an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Antrim senior team.	Paddy Richmond	1980
date of birth	Åke Ericson (born 29 November, 1962) is a Swedish photojournalist and documentary photographer.	Åke Ericson	29 November, 1962
date of birth	Count Charles de Kerchove de Denterghem (1819--1882) was a Belgian engineer and liberal politician.	Charles de Kerchove de Denterghem	1819
date of birth	Lim Swee Say, MP (Chinese: 林瑞生; pinyin: Lín Ruìshēng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lîm Sūi-seⁿ, born 13 July 1954) is a Singaporean politician.	Lim Swee Say	13 July 1954
date of birth	Peter Pouly (born 29 June 1977 in Saint-Etienne) is a French cyclist, specializing in mountain biking.	Peter Pouly	29 June 1977
date of birth	Rev. Shubael Dummer (16 February 1636 -- 25 January 1692) was an American Congregational church minister who was killed in the Candlemas Massacre in York, Maine.	Shubael Dummer	16 February 1636
date of birth	Martin Stirling (Born 17 June 1985) is a British writer and director working in film, television, and commercials.	Martin Stirling	17 June 1985
date of birth	Drew Litton(born 1958) is an American cartoonist and one of the last sports cartoonists left in the United States.	Drew Litton	1958
date of birth	Simon Harel is a Canadian intellectual born in Montréal in 1957.	Simon Harel	1957
date of birth	Anne Thommessen, née Dobloug (4 February 1880 -- ??) was a Norwegian politician.	Anne Thommessen	4 February 1880
date of birth	China Joe (1834 - May 17/18, 1917, also nicknamed Joe the Baker) was a Chinese American merchant who worked in Alaska during its gold-mining boom days in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	China Joe	1834
date of birth	María Alejandra Bravo de la Parra (born 29 April 1961) is a Mexican biochemist who was laureated with the 2010 L'Oréal-UNESCO Award for Women in Science --	Alejandra Bravo	29 April 1961
date of birth	José María García de Toledo y de Madariaga (11 February 1769 -- 24 February 1816) was a Neogranadine lawyer and politician, who fought against the Royalist forces during the Patria Boba period that preceded the Colombian War of Independence.	José María García de Toledo	11 February 1769
date of birth	Xiao Yanning (Chinese: 肖雁宁, born 23 February 1998 in Dazhou) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.	Xiao Yanning	1998
date of birth	Dona Bertarelli (born 1968) is a Swiss businesswoman of Italian origin.	Dona Bertarelli	1968
date of birth	Blessed Lucrezia Elena Cevoli (11 November 1685 -- 12 June 1767) was an Italian Roman Catholic professed religious of the Capuchin Poor Clares.	Lucrezia Elena Cevoli	11 November 1685
date of birth	Sheherazade Goldsmith (born Shehrazade Bentley, 14 March 1974) is a British environmentalist, jeweller and columnist.	Sheherazade Goldsmith	14 March 1974
date of birth	Marko Pusa (born 15 April 1977 in Hollola) is a Finnish darts player.	Marko Pusa	15 April 1977
date of birth	Samuel van Houten (17 February 1837 -- 14 October 1930) was a Dutch liberal politician, who served as Minister of the Interior from 1894 to 1897.	Samuel van Houten	17 February 1837
date of birth	(Geoffrey) Lionel Berry, 2nd Viscount Kemsley (29 June 1909 -- 28 February 1999) was a British Conservative politician, peer and newspaper editor.	Lionel Berry, 2nd Viscount Kemsley	29 June 1909
date of birth	Trine Eilertsen (born 1 May 1969 in Bærum, Akershus) is a Norwegian newspaper editor.	Trine Eilertsen	1 May 1969
date of birth	Agron Papuli (born 1955) is an Albanian businessman who has previously been one of sponsors of the football club KF Tirana.	Agron Papuli	1955
date of birth	Boglárka Kapás (born 22 April 1993) is a Hungarian competitive swimmer who specializes in freestyle events.	Boglárka Kapás	22 April 1993
date of birth	Deta Hedman (born 14 November 1959) is a Jamaican-born English darts player currently ranked World No1 by the WDF she is currently playing in British Darts Organisation events.	Deta Hedman	14 November 1959
date of birth	Stevyn Colgan (born 11 August 1961) is a British writer, artist and speaker.	Stevyn Colgan	11 August 1961
date of birth	Enrico Ruggeri (born 5 June 1957) is an Italian rock singer-songwriter.	Enrico Ruggeri	5 June 1957
date of birth	Andrew Perlman (born 19 June 1975) is an American entrepreneur who has co-founded nine venture-backed companies in the telecom, high-tech, pharmaceuticals, energy, water, and biotechnology industries.	Andrew Perlman	19 June 1975
date of birth	Arne Torkildsen (14 September 1899 -- 7 March 1968) was a Norwegian neurosurgeon.	Arne Torkildsen	1899
date of birth	Holly Samos (born 23 December 1970 in Guildford, Surrey) is a radio broadcaster.	Holly Samos	23 December 1970
date of birth	Nicodemus, Hereditary Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg (Nicodemus Hieronymus Alois Georg Hubertus Mario Hugo Eusebius Maria; 2 August 2001) is the heir to the House of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg.	Nicodemus, Hereditary Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg	2 August 2001
date of birth	Jan Herman van Heek (Enschede, 20 October 1873 - Doetinchem, 25 January 1957) was a Dutch industrialist, textile manufacturer, patron of the arts, art collector and nature conservationist.	Jan Herman van Heek	20 October 1873
date of birth	Stephanos Stephanides (22 October 1949) is a Cypriot-born author, poet, translator, critic, ethnographer, and documentary film maker.	Stephanos Stephanides	22 October 1949
date of birth	Mostafa Hajati (Persian: مصطفی حاجتی‎‎, born 22 June 1983) is an Iranian professional football player who currently plays for Damash Gilan in the Azadegan League.	Mostafa Hajati	22 June 1983
date of birth	Imbert de Batarnay, Seigneur du Bouchage (1438? -- 1523), French statesman, was born of an old but obscure family in Dauphiné, about the year 1438.	Imbert de Batarnay	1438
date of birth	Opheera McDoom (born 1978) is a journalist and Reuters correspondent.	Opheera McDoom	1978
date of birth	Dewi Griffiths (born 16 August 1931) is a Welsh former television producer and current BBC Radio host.	Dewi Griffiths	16 August 1931
date of birth	John Michael Seabright (born 1959) is the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii.	John Michael Seabright	1959
date of birth	Sir George Shee, 2nd Baronet (14 June 1785, Calcutta - 25 January 1870, London) was an English diplomat.	Sir George Shee, 2nd Baronet	14 June 1785
date of birth	Gordon McQueen (born 26 June 1952) is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a centre-back for St. Mirren, Leeds United, Manchester United and Scotland.	Gordon McQueen	26 June 1952
date of birth	Maciej Pisarek Born 8 November 1966, in Kraków.	Maciej Pisarek	1966
date of birth	Jane Martha St. John (née Hicks Beach, 1801--1882) was an early English photographer.	Jane Martha St. John	1801
date of birth	Nameirakpam Kunjarani Devi (born 1 March 1968) is the most decorated Indian sportswoman in weightlifting.	Kunjarani Devi	1 March 1968
date of birth	Lyell Cresswell (born 1944, Wellington, New Zealand) is a composer of contemporary classical music.	Lyell Cresswell	1944
date of birth	Dino Dini (born 5 June 1965) is a British computer game developer and original creator of the successful Kick Off series of football games.	Dino Dini	5 June 1965
date of birth	Elsa Fornero (born 7 May 1948) is an Italian politician who served as Minister of Labor, Social Policies and Gender Equality in the Monti cabinet from November 2011 to April 2013.	Elsa Fornero	7 May 1948
date of birth	Mel Hague (born 20 January 1943, Whiston, South Yorkshire) is an English country music singer and author.	Mel Hague	20 January 1943
date of birth	Sultana Frizell (born 24 October 1984 in Perth, Ontario) is a Canadian track and field athlete competing in the hammer throw.	Sultana Frizell	24 October 1984
date of birth	Berdakh, pseudonym of Berdimurat (son of Kargabai) (1827--1900), was a Karakalpak poet.	Berdakh	1827
date of birth	David Hargreaves FAcSS (born 1939) was Associate Director for Development and Research of the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust (SSAT).	David Hargreaves	1939
date of birth	Derek Trail (born in Leith, 2 January 1946) is a former Scottish professional footballer.	Derek Trail	2 January 1946
date of birth	Ardina Moore (née Revard, born 1930) is a Quapaw-Osage Native American from Miami, Oklahoma.	Ardina Moore	1930
date of birth	Mark Durden-Smith (born 1 October 1968, Soho) is an English television presenter best known for presenting ITV shows such as I'm a Celebrity...	Mark Durden-Smith	1 October 1968
date of birth	Neil McKendrick MA FRHistS (born 28 July 1935) was the 40th Master of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.	Neil McKendrick	28 July 1935
date of birth	Kavita Sidhu (born 29 November 1971) is a Malaysian actress and former beauty queen.	Kavita Sidhu	29 November 1971
date of birth	Bishop Paul Hinder (born 22 April 1942) is the current Vicar Apostolic in the Apostolic Vicariate of Southern Arabia.	Paul Hinder	22 April 1942
date of birth	Anthony Pateras (born 26 March 1979) is an Australian pianist, composer and electroacoustic musician.	Anthony Pateras	26 March 1979
date of birth	Sergeant Michael Lockett MC (11 June 1980 -- 21 September 2009) was a British soldier, killed in action in Afghanistan aged 29.	Michael Lockett	1980
date of birth	Jacob Gaster (6 October 1907--12 March 2007), known as Jack Gaster, was a British communist solicitor and politician.	Jack Gaster	6 October 1907
date of birth	Thomas Berge, pseudonym of Chiel Ottink (born 25 January 1990) is a Dutch singer.	Thomas Berge	25 January 1990
date of birth	Oliver Ford (born 27 March 1947) is a former sprinter who jointly held the 100 metres world record with six other men in 1968, at 10.0s.	Oliver Ford	27 March 1947
date of birth	Sir Alan Charles Laurence Whistler, CBE (born 21 January 1912 -- died 19 December 2000, always referred to as Laurence Whistler) was a British poet and artist.	Laurence Whistler	21 January 1912
date of birth	Muhammad Iqram Dinzly bin Muhammad Saipuddin (born 29 September 1981) or Iqram Dinzly is a Malaysian actor, model and television host.	Iqram Dinzly	29 September 1981
date of birth	Eileen Brady (born 1961) is an American businesswoman who ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Portland, Oregon, in 2012.	Eileen Brady	1961
date of birth	Giuseppe Prestia (born 13 November 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for Romanian club Petrolul Ploiești, as a centre back.	Giuseppe Prestia	13 November 1993
date of birth	Lars Amund Vaage (born 13 May 1952 at Sunde in Kvinnherad) is a Norwegian author and playwright.	Lars Amund Vaage	13 May 1952
date of birth	Jason Booth (born 7 November 1977) is a British professional boxer who has competed in the flyweight, super flyweight, bantamweight and super bantamweight divisions.	Jason Booth	7 November 1977
date of birth	Joseph Amon (born 1969) is an American epidemiologist and human rights activist and currently director of the Health and Human Rights Division at Human Rights Watch.	Joseph Amon	1969
date of birth	Robert Taylor Segraves (born 1941) is an American psychiatrist best known for his work on sexual dysfunction and its pharmacologic causes and treatments.	Robert Taylor Segraves	1941
date of birth	Peter M. Mayer (born 1936) is an American independent publisher who is president of The Overlook Press/Peter Mayer Publishers, Inc., a Woodstock, New York-based publishing company he founded with his father in 1971.	Peter Mayer	1936
date of birth	Michel Dussuyer (born 28 May 1959) is a French football manager and former professional player who currently manages the national team of Ivory Coast.	Michel Dussuyer	28 May 1959
date of birth	Gregor Tomc also known as Grega Tomc (born 3 February 1952) is a Slovenian sociologist, musician and activist.	Gregor Tomc	3 February 1952
date of birth	Gyula Mészáros (Hungarian: Mészáros Gyula; 1883 -- 1957) was a Hungarian ethnographer, Orientalist and Turkologist.	Gyula Mészáros	1883
date of birth	Alexandra Milton (born 4 June 1967 in Paris) is an artist and illustrator.	Alexandra Milton	4 June 1967
date of birth	Guillaume Hoarau (born 5 March 1984) is a French footballer who plays for BSC Young Boys in the Swiss Super League as a striker.	Guillaume Hoarau	5 March 1984
date of birth	Bo Bendsneyder (born 4 March 1999 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch motorcycle racer.	Bo Bendsneyder	4 March 1999
date of birth	Charlotta Arfwedson (1776--1862) was a Swedish politically active countess and artist.	Charlotta Arfwedson	1776
date of birth	Maleagi Ngarizemo (born 21 June 1979) is a retired Namibian footballer.	Maleagi Ngarizemo	21 June 1979
date of birth	Robert Moss, born in Melbourne (Victoria) in 1946, is an Australian historian, journalist and author and the creator of Active Dreaming, an original synthesis of dreamwork and shamanism.	Robert Moss	1946
date of birth	Jozef Szekeres (born 4 July 1970) is an Australian artist, animator, writer, toy designer, sculptor, creative director and Arts Lecturer, and a director of the Black Mermaid Productions creative team based in Australia.	Jozef Szekeres	4 July 1970
date of birth	Maury Surel Castillo (also Mauri, Mauris or Maurys; born 19 October 1984) is a Cuban athlete specializing in the 800 and 1500 metres events.	Maury Surel Castillo	19 October 1984
date of birth	Virander Singh Chauhan, born on 3 March 1950, graduated in Chemistry (BSc) from the University of Delhi in 1969 and secured his post graduation (MSc) from the same university in 1971.	Virander Singh Chauhan	3 March 1950
date of birth	Peder Are Nøstvold Jensen (born 11 June 1975) is a Norwegian blogger who writes under the pseudonym Fjordman and who has been characterized by his critics as far-right and Islamophobic.	Fjordman	11 June 1975
date of birth	Mehmet Erten (born 1 January 1948) is a Turkish former military general who served as the 29th Commander of the Turkish Air Force from 2011 until 2013.	Mehmet Erten	1 January 1948
date of birth	Maïssa Bey is the nom de plume of Samia Benameur (born 1950), an Algerian educator and writer.	Maïssa Bey	1950
date of birth	Mads Timm (born 31 October 1984) is a Danish footballer, who is player-coach, playing as a forward, for Danish Serie 1 club Kerteminde Boldklub.	Mads Timm	31 October 1984
date of birth	Jan Jerzy Plersch (1704 or 1705 -- January 1, 1774) was a Polish sculptor of German origin.	Jan Jerzy Plersch	1704
date of birth	Jayson Mansaray (born 17 August 1986) is an Australian-born British broadcast journalist was a featured guest on RT's (Russia Today TV) travel show - Russia's Golden Ring:	Jayson Mansaray	17 August 1986
date of birth	Radislav Sekulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радислав Секулић, born 27 September 1985) is a Montenegrin football striker playing with Sinđelić Beograd.	Radislav Sekulić	27 September 1985
date of birth	Martin le Franc (c. 1410 -- 1461) was a French poet of the late Middle Ages and early Renaissance.	Martin le Franc	1410
date of birth	Rowan Cahill (born 1945) is an Australian radical historian and journalist with background as a teacher, and farmhand, and has variously worked for the trade union movement as a rank and file activist, delegate and publicist.	Rowan Cahill	1945
date of birth	Xie Wenjun (Chinese: 谢文骏, born 11 July 1990) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the 110 metres hurdles.	Xie Wenjun	11 July 1990
date of birth	Mikki Osei Berko (born 1973) is a Ghanaian-born actor.	Mikki Osei Berko	1973
date of birth	Oscar Benton (born Ferdinand van Eif, 3 February 1949, The Hague) is a Dutch vocalist.	Oscar Benton	3 February 1949
date of birth	Zhang Lijun (simplified Chinese: 张力军; traditional Chinese: 張力軍; pinyin: Zhāng Lìjūn; born July 1952) is a former Chinese politician who served as vice-minister of Environmental Protection from March 2008 to February 2013.	Zhang Lijun	1952
date of birth	Diarmuid Noyes (born 14 January 1988) is an Irish theatre, TV, commercial and film actor, known for his role in the 2011 American science fiction horror telefilm, Roadkill.	Diarmuid Noyes	14 January 1988
date of birth	Andon Petrov (Bulgarian: Андон Петров, born 29 April 1955) is a Bulgarian former cyclist.	Andon Petrov	29 April 1955
date of birth	Ingvar Cronhammar (born 17 December 1947) is a Swedish-Danish sculptor who has lived in Denmark since 1965.	Ingvar Cronhammar	17 December 1947
date of birth	Peter Hartung (born c. 1959) is the director of the Holocaust denial organization Adelaide Institute having previously been a successful businessman and political adviser.	Peter Hartung	1959
date of birth	Gwen Moffat (née Goddard; born 3 July 1924) is a British climber and writer.	Gwen Moffat	1924
date of birth	Alan Gammon (born January 1955) is an English politician who served on the Littlehampton Town Council as well as the Arun District Council in Brookfield Ward since 2003 and was elected mayor of Littlehampton, England in 2008 and reelected in 2011.	Alan Gammon	January 1955
date of birth	Guri Vesaas (born 13 January 1939) is a Norwegian writer and translator of children's books, and former editor at the publishing house Samlaget.	Guri Vesaas	13 January 1939
date of birth	Shaun Cunnington (born 4 January 1966) is an English former professional footballer and former manager of Evesham United	Shaun Cunnington	4 January 1966
date of birth	Justice Majabvi (born 26 March 1984) is a former Zimbabwean football player, who is currently playing for Vicem Hai Phong F.C. in the V-League.	Justice Majabvi	26 March 1984
date of birth	Ao Chi Hong (traditional Chinese: 區志雄) (born 30 October 1960) is a Macanese auto racing driver.	Ao Chi Hong	30 October 1960
date of birth	Sir Richard Cayley (22 April 1833 -- 5 April 1908) was a British lawyer who served as the 14th Chief Justice of Ceylon and 14th Queen's Advocate of Ceylon.	Richard Cayley	22 April 1833
date of birth	Marzio Scholten (born in Granollers, Spain, 17 June 1982) is a Dutch jazz guitarist and composer.	Marzio Scholten	17 June 1982
date of birth	Louise Harrison (born Louise Anna Imogen Harrison on 26 November 1962 in Bowdon, Cheshire), is a British actress who trained at the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama.	Louise Harrison	26 November 1962
date of birth	Edward Lewine (born 1967 in New York City) is an American author and freelance journalist who has written extensively for The New York Times.	Edward Lewine	1967
date of birth	Prachi Desai (born 12 September 1988) is an Indian Bollywood film and television actress.	Prachi Desai	12 September 1988
date of birth	Albert Raes (Brugge 21 February 1932) was a Belgian magistrate and was head of the Belgian Security Services from 1977 until 1990.	Albert Raes	21 February 1932
date of birth	Jan Robert Andersson (born 3 April 1974), commonly known as Robban Andersson or Robinson-Robban, is a Swedish television personality who has participated in Expedition Robinson (the Swedish counterpart of the US Survivor series) several times from 1999 until 2012.	Robban Andersson	3 April 1974
date of birth	Guenter B. Risse (born 28 April 1932) is an American medical historian.	Guenter B. Risse	28 April 1932
date of birth	Juan Bautista Topete y Carballo (24 May 1821 -- 29 October 1885), Spanish naval commander and politician.	Juan Bautista Topete	24 May 1821
date of birth	Edwin Pimbury (1834 -- April 6, 1909) was an English-born farmer, merchant and political figure in British Columbia.	Edwin Pimbury	1834
date of birth	Alexis Pinturault ( Alexis Pinturault ) (born 20 March 1991) is a French World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic medalist.	Alexis Pinturault	20 March 1991
date of birth	Jonathan David Bass (born 1 July 1976), generally known as Jon Bass, is an English former professional footballer.	Jon Bass	1 July 1976
date of birth	Luca Damiano (born Franco Lo Cascio; 29 August 1946) is an Italian film director.	Luca Damiano	29 August 1946
date of birth	Joxel García (born 1962) is a Puerto Rican physician and a former four-star admiral in the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.	Joxel García	1962
date of birth	Major Joseph Antoine France Antelme OBE (12 March 1900 -- 1944) was one of 14 Franco-Mauritians who served in the Special Operations Executive (SOE), a World War II British secret service that sent spies, saboteurs and guerrilla fighters into enemy-occupied territory.	France Antelme	12 March 1900
date of birth	Ivan Bussens (3 June 1960 -- 27 August 2007) was a British sportsman who competed at water polo at the Gay Games.	Ivan Bussens	3 June 1960
date of birth	R Prasad was born on 17 March 1966 at Pala, Kottayam in the southern Indian state of Kerala in a Hindu Nair family.	R Prasad	17 March 1966
date of birth	David Pullar (born 13 February 1959 in Durham, England) is an English footballer who played as a winger.	David Pullar	13 February 1959
date of birth	Justin Lo (Chinese: 羅定偉; born 1 July 1976) is a Hong Kong American singer-songwriter, actor and record producer working in Hong Kong.	Justin Lo	1 July 1976
date of birth	Ralph Bernal Osborne of Newton Anner, County Tipperary, MP (26 March 1808 -- 4 January 1882), born and baptised with the name of Ralph Bernal, Jr., was a British Liberal politician.	Ralph Bernal Osborne	26 March 1808
date of birth	Hayden Cox (born 7 February 1982 in Sydney, Australia) is an award winning.	Hayden Cox	7 February 1982
date of birth	Murray McConnell (born 19 June 1992 in Scotland) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Nottingham Rugby at the Scrum-half position.	Murray McConnell	19 June 1992
date of birth	Ion Alecsandrescu (17 July 1928 -- 21 June 2000) was the chairman of Steaua Bucureşti during the team's golden era, between 1985 and 1989.	Ion Alecsandrescu	17 July 1928
date of birth	Michael Banner (born 1961) is Dean and Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.	Michael Banner	1961
date of birth	Gillian McKeith (born 28 September 1959) is a Scottish television presenter and writer.	Gillian McKeith	28 September 1959
date of birth	Joaquín Prada (born 15 July 1991) is a Uruguayan rugby union player who currently plays as a centre for Los Cuervos at the Uruguayan Rugby Championship.	Joaquín Prada	15 July 1991
date of birth	Leendert Hasenbosch was likely born in The Hague, Holland in 1695.	Leendert Hasenbosch	1695
date of birth	Born in Melbourne in 1947, Ivan Durrant was one of seven children.	Ivan Durrant	1947
date of birth	Frank Buytendijk (The Hague, 1969) is a Dutch author of management books.	Frank Buytendijk	1969
date of birth	Nuggehalli Pankaja (born 2 June 1929) is an Indian writer and poet in the Kannada and English languages.	Nuggehalli Pankaja	2 June 1929
date of birth	Zeli Ismail (born 12 December 1993) is a professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder for Oxford United on loan from Wolverhampton Wanderers.	Zeli Ismail	12 December 1993
date of birth	Dougald Hine (born 1977 in Cambridge, England) is a British author, editor and social entrepreneur.	Dougald Hine	1977
date of birth	Theodoros Chatzitheodorou (Greek: Θεόδωρος Χατζηθεοδώρου (θeˈoðoɾos xadziθeoˈðoɾu), born 1 October 1976) is a retired Greek water polo player and current coach.	Theodoros Chatzitheodorou	1976
date of birth	Yael Cohen Paran (Hebrew: יעל כהן-פארן‎, born 12 October 1973) is an Israeli environmentalist and politician, and co-chair of the Green Movement.	Yael Cohen Paran	12 October 1973
date of birth	Yasmin Kwadwo (born 9 November 1990) is a German track and field athlete who competes in the sprints.	Yasmin Kwadwo	9 November 1990
date of birth	Patricia McGuire, (born 1952) is the 14th president of Trinity Washington University in Washington D.C.; she was appointed president in 1989.	Patricia McGuire	1952
date of birth	Raumar Jude (born 1929- April 16, 2009 in Montevideo ) was a Uruguayan political figure.	Raumar Jude	1929
date of birth	Xiao Yanling (simplified Chinese: 萧艳玲; traditional Chinese: 蕭艷玲; pinyin: Xiāo Yànlíng; born 27 April 1968) is a Chinese discus thrower.	Xiao Yanling	27 April 1968
date of birth	Rohan Shrestha (born 6 March 1985) is an Indian born Nepalese origin photographer who lives and works between Mumbai and New York.	Rohan Shrestha	6 March 1985
date of birth	Phyllis Dare (15 August 1890 -- 27 April 1975) was an English singer and actress, famous for her performances in Edwardian musical comedy and other musical theatre in the first half of the 20th century.	Phyllis Dare	15 August 1890
date of birth	Ondřej Mazuch (Czech pronunciation: (ˈondr̝ɛj ˈmazux); born 15 March 1989) is a Czech football defender.	Ondřej Mazuch	15 March 1989
date of birth	Surawit Khonsomboon (Thai: สุรวิทย์ คนสมบูรณ์; born on 23 April 1949 in Chaiyaphum) is a Thai politician.	Surawit Khonsomboon	23 April 1949
date of birth	Charles Lydiard Aubrey Abbott (4 May 1886 -- 30 April 1975) was an Australian politician and administrator of the Northern Territory.	Aubrey Abbott	4 May 1886
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Alec Harper DSO (12 July 1910 -- 11 March 2003) fought with the Chindits, played Polo for England and was honorary secretary of the Hurlingham Polo Association.	Alec Harper	12 July 1910
date of birth	Sir William Fergusson, 1st Baronet FRCS FRS (20 March 1808 -- 10 February 1877) was a Scottish surgeon.	Sir William Fergusson, 1st Baronet	20 March 1808
date of birth	Shah Mureed (born 21 February 1989) is a Pakistani cricketer who played two Twenty20 matches for the Quetta Bears during the 2012--13 season.	Shah Mureed	21 February 1989
date of birth	Jane Doyle (born 10 February 1958) is a presenter for Seven News in Adelaide having joined the Seven Network from ABC TV.	Jane Doyle	10 February 1958
date of birth	Tudor Gates (2 January 1930 -- 11 January 2007) was an English screenwriter and trade unionist.	Tudor Gates	2 January 1930
date of birth	Arthur Sweatman (19 November 1834 -- 24 January 1909) was a Canadian Anglican bishop and the third Primate of the Anglican Church of Canada.	Arthur Sweatman	19 November 1834
date of birth	Eduardo Varas (Guayaquil, 1979) is an Ecuadorian novelist, musician and journalist, currently living in Quito.	Eduardo Varas	1979
date of birth	Gholam-Abbas Ashoubi (Persian: غلامعباس آشوبی‎‎, born 6 April 1980) more known as Farzad Ashoubi (Persian: فرزاد آشوبی‎‎) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Rah Ahan in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	Farzad Ashoubi	6 April 1980
date of birth	Johnny Warman (born John Robert Waughman 1951 in Bethnal Green, London) is an English singer-songwriter best known for his 1981 album Walking Into Mirrors and the hit single ``Screaming Jets''.	Johnny Warman	1951
date of birth	Richard Tauwhare (/təˈfɑri/; born 1 November 1959) was the tenth Governor of the Turks and Caicos Islands, serving from 11 July 2005 to 16 July 2008.	Richard Tauwhare	1 November 1959
date of birth	Reg Morgan (9 October 1919 -- 12 February 2002) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Reg Morgan	9 October 1919
date of birth	Torsten Hallman (born 17 October 1939) is a Swedish former professional motocross racer.	Torsten Hallman	17 October 1939
date of birth	Jan de Bruine (15 July 1903 -- 4 April 1983) was a Dutch equestrian and Olympic medalist.	Jan de Bruine	15 July 1903
date of birth	L. Ian MacDonald (born 1947) is a Canadian writer, broadcaster, and diplomat.	L. Ian MacDonald	1947
date of birth	Nik Nanos (born in 1964 as Nikita James Nanos) is a Canadian public opinion pollster and an expert on image research and crisis communications management.	Nik Nanos	1964
date of birth	Kevin Faller (1920--1983) was an Irish scriptwriter and poet.	Kevin Faller	1920
date of birth	Don Schultz (born 13 May 1936 in Woodhaven, Queens, New York) is a former president and a former vice-president of the United States Chess Federation (USCF).	Don Schultz	13 May 1936
date of birth	Amauri Carvalho de Oliveira (born 3 June 1980), known as Amauri, is a Brazilian-born Italian footballer who plays for Italian club Torino as a striker.	Amauri	3 June 1980
date of birth	Urban Priol (born 14 May 1961 in Aschaffenburg) is a German Kabarett artist and comedian.	Urban Priol	14 May 1961
date of birth	Szederke Sirián (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈsɛdɛrkɛ ˈʃiriaːn); born 1 June 1994 in Szeged) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Győri ETO KC as a line player.	Szederke Sirián	1 June 1994
date of birth	Philippe Graffin (born 1964) is a French violinist and recording artist.	Philippe Graffin	1964
date of birth	Ren Runhou (October 1957 -- September 30, 2014) was a Chinese business executive and politician from Shanxi Province.	Ren Runhou	October 1957
date of birth	Zack Mwekassa (born 20 January 1984) is a Congolese boxer and kickboxer who fights in GLORY.	Zack Mwekassa	20 January 1984
date of birth	Lionel Morton (born Lionel Walmsley, 14 August 1941, Blackburn, Lancashire, England) is an English former musician and television presenter.	Lionel Morton	14 August 1941
date of birth	Canute Kamau Preston, (born 3 January 1979), known as Kamau Preston, formerly DJ Monk, is a Jamaican musician, international DJ, record producer and television personality.	Kamau Preston	3 January 1979
date of birth	Christopher Eccleston (/ˈɛkəlstən/; born 16 February 1964) is an English actor.	Christopher Eccleston	16 February 1964
date of birth	Tan Sri Andrew Sheng (born 1946) is a Distinguished Fellow of Fung Global Institute, a Hong Kong-based global think tank.	Andrew Sheng	1946
date of birth	Jan Holub II (born 24 January 1968) is a former Czechoslovakian and Czech motorcycle speedway rider who was started in 1986 and 1989 Under-21 World Championship.	Jan Holub II	24 January 1968
date of birth	Antonio Rukavina (Serbian Cyrillic: Антонио Рукавина, born 26 January 1984) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Villarreal CF as a right back.	Antonio Rukavina	26 January 1984
date of birth	Nico Schmidt (born 20 August 1978) is a German wrestler who won a bronze medal in the Greco-Roman super-heavyweight division at the 2009 European Wrestling Championships.	Nico Schmidt	20 August 1978
date of birth	Colin Frizzell (born 1971) is Canadian author of young adult novels from Prince Edward County, Ontario, Canada.	Colin Frizzell	1971
date of birth	Gëzim Hajdinaga was born in Ulcinj, Montenegro to an Albanian family on 2 January 1964.	Gëzim Hajdinaga	2 January 1964
date of birth	Martyna Trajdos (born 5 April 1989) is a German judoka competing in the women's 63 kg division.	Martyna Trajdos	5 April 1989
date of birth	Zhang Sipeng (simplified Chinese: 张思鹏; traditional Chinese: 張思鵬; pinyin: Zhāng Sīpéng) (born 14 May 1987 in Haidian, Beijing) is a Chinese football player.	Zhang Sipeng	14 May 1987
date of birth	Michael F. Brennan (born 1953) is a Maine politician and professor who formerly served as the 87th Mayor of Portland, Maine.	Michael F. Brennan	1953
date of birth	Randall James Bayer (born July 13, 1955) is an American systematic botanist, published mostly as ``R.J. Bayer'', who was born in Buffalo, New York, U.S.A. He spent childhood and attended public school in East Aurora, New York.	Randall James Bayer	1955
date of birth	Paula Jean Welden (born 1928, missing since December 1, 1946) was an American college student who disappeared while walking on Vermont's Long Trail hiking route, the scene of several other unexplained disappearances around this time.	Paula Jean Welden	1928
date of birth	Men Yang (Chinese: 门阳; born 20 February 1991 in China) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F.	Men Yang	20 February 1991
date of birth	James Mills Thoburn (1836--1922) was an American bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church best known for his missionary work in India.	James Mills Thoburn	1836
date of birth	Alan Tomkins (born 1939) is an art director.	Alan Tomkins	1939
date of birth	Chris Thyer (born 1969) is the US Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas and a former member of the Arkansas House of Representatives.	Chris Thyer	1969
date of birth	Robert Scott Dobie (born 10 October 1978), known as Scott Dobie, is a footballer who plays as a striker, but is currently unattached.	Scott Dobie	10 October 1978
date of birth	Zaib Shaikh (born 1974) is a Canadian actor, writer and director, best known for his roles as Amaar Rashid, an imam in the CBC Television sitcom Little Mosque on the Prairie, and Jayesh in Metropia, an evening soap opera broadcast on Omni Television.	Zaib Shaikh	1974
date of birth	Clifford Ball (1896?-1947?) was an American fantasy writer whose primary distinction was having been one of the earliest post-Howard writers in the sword and sorcery subgenre of fantasy.	Clifford Ball	1896
date of birth	Daddy Lumba (born Charles Kwadwo Fosuh, 29 September 1964) is a Ghanaian singer who was based in Cologne, Germany.	Daddy Lumba	29 September 1964
date of birth	Kayne Turner (born 31 December 1995) is an Australian rules footballer who plays the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Kayne Turner	31 December 1995
date of birth	Georg Charpentier (born in El Salvador, on 11 August 1956) currently serves as United Nations Deputy Special Representative and Resident Coordinator in Libya.	Georg Charpentier	11 August 1956
date of birth	Maria Möller, née Andersson (born 29 October 1965) is a Swedish singer, actress, comedian, and imitator.	Maria Möller	29 October 1965
date of birth	Domenic Priore (born 1960) is an American author, historian and television producer whose focus is on popular music and its attendant youth culture.	Domenic Priore	1960
date of birth	Paul Shepherd (born 17 November 1977) is a n English former professional footballer.	Paul Shepherd	17 November 1977
date of birth	Luís Cláudio Carvalho da Silva, known as his given name Cláudio (born 27 March 1987), is a Brazilian footballer.	Luís Cláudio Carvalho da Silva	27 March 1987
date of birth	Matt Ficner (born 1973) is a Canadian actor, puppeteer, and entrepreneur.	Matt Ficner	1973
date of birth	Baruch Osnia (Hebrew: ברוך אזניה‎, born Baruch Eisenstadt on 19 September 1905, died 6 July 1994) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1951 and 1969.	Baruch Osnia	19 September 1905
date of birth	Del Hodgkinson (January→March 1939 (age 75--76)) birth registered in Leeds North, is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at club level for Leeds, as a Wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.	Del Hodgkinson	1939
date of birth	Zoe Tapper (born 26 October 1981) is an English actress who first came to prominence playing Nell Gwynne in Richard Eyre's award-winning film Stage Beauty in 2004.	Zoe Tapper	26 October 1981
date of birth	I. Daniel Stewart (1933 -- June 23, 2005) was a judge of the Utah Supreme Court from 1979 to 2000.	I. Daniel Stewart	1933
date of birth	Nimrod Borenstein (born 1969) is a British- French- Israeli composer whose music is widely performed throughout Europe, the USA, Canada, Australia and Japan.	Nimrod Borenstein	1969
date of birth	Clarence Petersen de la Motte (born 1892, date of death unknown), commonly C. P. de la Motte, was a sailor originally from Bulli, New South Wales.	Clarence Petersen de la Motte	1892
date of birth	Zhan Furui (Chinese: 詹福瑞; pinyin: Zhān Fúrùi; born November 1953) is a former National Librarian of China and a literary critic.	Zhan Furui	1953
date of birth	Tim Maeyens (born in Brugge, 23 August 1981) is a Belgian rower who competes primarily in the single scull.	Tim Maeyens	23 August 1981
date of birth	Hayley Tullett (born 17 February 1973 in Swansea) is a Welsh middle distance runner mainly competing over 1500 metres.	Hayley Tullett	17 February 1973
date of birth	Andrey Andreev (born Andrey Ogandzhanyants (Андрей Оганджанянц) on 3 February 1974) is a Russian entrepreneur who founded the Social Networking site Badoo as well as other Russian internet businesses:	Andrey Andreev	3 February 1974
date of birth	Tanja Vujičić (born 5 July 1990 in Mostar, former Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian beauty queen who represented Bosnia & Herzegovina in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.	Tanja Vujičić	5 July 1990
date of birth	Eli Bornstein (born 28 December 1922) is an American-born artist and teacher who has spent most of his life in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Eli Bornstein	28 December 1922
date of birth	Zekirija Ramadan (Macedonian: Зекирија Рамадан) (born 21 January 1978) is a retired Macedonian football player and coach of Albanian ethnicity.	Zekirija Ramadan	21 January 1978
date of birth	Ron Judkins (born 1953) is an American production sound mixer and writer-director.	Ron Judkins	1953
date of birth	Mung Chiang (born 1977) is an American engineering researcher, educator, and entrepreneur.	Mung Chiang	1977
date of birth	Samuel Watt CB CBE (6 April 1876--18 November 1927) was an Irish (later Northern Irish) civil servant.	Samuel Watt	6 April 1876
date of birth	Fr. Diego de Salamanca (1519-1588) was the first Augustinian who was a Roman Catholic bishop in Puerto Rico.	Diego de Salamanca	1519
date of birth	Esteban Tuero (born 22 April 1978) is an Argentine racing driver who raced for the Minardi Formula One team in 1998.	Esteban Tuero	22 April 1978
date of birth	Pavel Veleba (born 6 October 1976) is a Czech striker who played for Olympiakos Nicosia of Cyprus.	Pavel Veleba	6 October 1976
date of birth	Bunita Marcus (born May 5, 1952 in Madison, Wisconsin), began studying composition at the age of sixteen and worked in both electronic and instrumental mediums while at the University of Wisconsin.	Bunita Marcus	1952
date of birth	Mirjeta Bajramoska (Macedonian: Мирјета Бајрамоска; born 22 November 1984 in Bitola, Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for RK Krim and for the Macedonia women's national handball team.	Mirjeta Bajramoska	22 November 1984
date of birth	Amer Khammash (born in Salt, Jordan 14 November 1924) was a Jordanian Lieutenant General and Adviser to King Hussein of Jordan.	Amer Khammash	14 November 1924
date of birth	Kentaro Moriya (森谷 賢太郎, born 21 September 1988) is a Japanese football player.	Kentaro Moriya	21 September 1988
date of birth	Skúli Sverrisson (born 23 October 1966) is an Icelandic composer and bassist residing in New York City.	Skúli Sverrisson	23 October 1966
date of birth	Adrian Dawson (born 26 January 1971) is a British author of thriller and horror fiction, currently best known for his 2010 debut novel Codex.	Adrian Dawson	26 January 1971
date of birth	Toshiyuki Hamaguchi (kanji: 浜口俊之), born June 4, 1970, is a Japanese motorcycle racer who has won the 600cc Supersports class of the FIM Asian Grand Prix Championship 6 times, in 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2008.	Toshiyuki Hamaguchi	1970
date of birth	Andrew Poppy (born 29 May 1954, Kent) is an English composer, pianist, and record producer.	Andrew Poppy	29 May 1954
date of birth	Paul Tiyambe Zeleza (born 1955 in Harare) is a Malawian historian, literary critic, novelist, short-story writer and blogger at The Zeleza Post -.	Paul Tiyambe Zeleza	1955
date of birth	Adrian Dickson (born 1977) is a South-African born British television and radio host.	Adrian Dickson	1977
date of birth	Sir Samuel Pym KCB (1778--1855) was a British admiral, brother of Sir William Pym.	Samuel Pym	1778
date of birth	Jean Garnier (11 November 1612 -- 26 November 1681) was a French Jesuit church historian, patristic scholar, and moral theologian.	Jean Garnier	11 November 1612
date of birth	Rod Summers (born 1943), born in Dorset, England, is a sound, visual, conceptual artist, performance poet, dramatist, mail artist and book artist, publisher, archivist, and lecturer on intermedia.	Rod Summers	1943
date of birth	Kamran Hedayati (Persian: کامران هدایتی‎‎ kâmrân hedâyati; 1 April 1949 in Iranian Kurdistan -- 6 July 1996 in Stockholm, Sweden) was an Iranian Kurdish dissident who was assassinated in Sweden in the 1990s.	Kamran Hedayati	1 April 1949
date of birth	Yuen Mo (Chinese: 袁武; pinyin: Yuán Wǔ) GBS JP (born November 1941) is a business leader in Hong Kong.	Yuen Mo	November 1941
date of birth	Christopher L. Hodapp (born 1958) is an American author and filmmaker, noted for his writings about Freemasonry, the Knights Templar, secret societies and conspiracy theories.	Christopher L. Hodapp	1958
date of birth	Yonko Peykov (Bulgarian: Йонко Пейков) (born 3 August 1974) is a Bulgarian former footballer, who played for a number of professional clubs in the country, including Litex Lovech, Spartak Varna, Spartak Pleven, Vidima-Rakovski, Olympik Teteven and Balkan Botevgrad.	Yonko Peykov	3 August 1974
date of birth	Viestur Kairish (Latvian: Viesturs Kairišs) (born January 30, 1971) is a Latvian opera, movie and theatre director.	Viestur Kairish	1971
date of birth	Samson Burke (born 8 April 1929) is a Canadian bodybuilder, swimmer, wrestler and actor.	Samson Burke	8 April 1929
date of birth	Hugh Turvey (born 5 June 1971) is a British artist, photographer and experimentalist who works primarily with X-ray technology.	Hugh Turvey	5 June 1971
date of birth	Ivica Dragutinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивица Драгутиновић; born 13 November 1975) is a Serbian retired footballer.	Ivica Dragutinović	13 November 1975
date of birth	Marcus Marigliani (born 5 December 1985) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Marcus Marigliani	5 December 1985
date of birth	Bookseller and author Hedley Vicars Storey was born in 1870 in Northamptonshire, England.	Hedley Vicars Storey	1870
date of birth	Aneta Michałek (born 8 May 1991 in Oświęcim, Poland) is a Polish figure skater who has competed internationally as a single skater and a pair skater.	Aneta Michałek	8 May 1991
date of birth	Taj Mohammad Khan (born 5 January 1977) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played a single list-A match for Rawalpindi during the 2002--03 season.	Taj Mohammad Khan	5 January 1977
date of birth	Eusi Kwayana, formerly Sydney King (born 4 April 1925), is a Guyanese politician.	Eusi Kwayana	4 April 1925
date of birth	Martin Cash (baptised 10 October 1808 -- 26 August 1877) was a notorious convict bushranger known for escaping twice from Port Arthur, Van Diemen's Land.	Martin Cash	10 October 1808
date of birth	Alice Lucy was born as Alice Spencer was born in or around the year 1594.	Alice Lucy	1594
date of birth	Ton Schulten (born 25 April 1938, Ootmarsum, Overijssel) is a Dutch painter who mainly paints landscapes using bright blocks of colour.	Ton Schulten	25 April 1938
date of birth	Joshua A. Fogel (born 1950 in Brooklyn, New York; Chinese name: 傅佛國) is a Sinologist, historian, and translator who specializes in the history of modern China, especially on the cultural and political relations between China and Japan.	Joshua A. Fogel	1950
date of birth	Pierre-Célestin Rwigema (born 27 July 1953) is a Rwandan politician previously associated with the moderate faction of the Republican Democratic Movement (MDR) party.	Pierre-Célestin Rwigema	27 July 1953
date of birth	Gyula Kornis (originally Kremer Gyula; 22 December 1885 -- 17 April 1958) was a Hungarian Piarist, philosopher, educator, professor and politician, who served as Speaker of the House of Representatives for a short time in 1938.	Gyula Kornis	22 December 1885
date of birth	Davood Azad (born 6 October 1963) is an Iranian singer and of Iranian classical music and Azeri folk music.	Davood Azad	6 October 1963
date of birth	Lívia Ághová (born 7 October 1963) is a Slovak opera singer.	Lívia Ághová	7 October 1963
date of birth	Flor Hayes (1944 - 27 June 2014) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a left corner-forward for the Cork senior football team.	Flor Hayes	1944
date of birth	Kristina Vestveit (born 24 August 1986) is a Norwegian rifle shooter.	Kristina Vestveit	24 August 1986
date of birth	Jennifer Prescod May-Parker (born 1964) is Chief of the Appellate Division of the United States Attorney's Office in the Eastern District of North Carolina and is a former nominee for United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina.	Jennifer Prescod May-Parker	1964
date of birth	Josh Owen (born 1970) is an American industrial designer and educator.	Josh Owen	1970
date of birth	Ashley Carty (born 17 July 1995) is an amateur snooker player based in Thurcroft, Rotherham.	Ashley Carty	17 July 1995
date of birth	Hamdan Zoelva (born 21 June 1962 in Bima, West Nusa Tenggara) is an Indonesian politician and lawyer.	Hamdan Zoelva	21 June 1962
date of birth	Patty Sonnekson (born 1927) is an American retired figure skater.	Patty Sonnekson	1927
date of birth	Kieran Deeny (born 12 October 1954) is a medical doctor turned politician from Northern Ireland.	Kieran Deeny	12 October 1954
date of birth	Charlie Bondhus (born 1981) is an American poet and author of four books.	Charlie Bondhus	1981
date of birth	Fabrizio Zanotti (born 21 May 1983) is a Paraguayan professional golfer who plays on the European Tour.	Fabrizio Zanotti	21 May 1983
date of birth	Luke Johnston (born 3 September 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer who is currently without a club, having been released by Dundee United.	Luke Johnston	3 September 1993
date of birth	Peter Ludwig Hertel (21 April 1817 -- 13 June 1899) was a German composer of dance music.	Peter Ludwig Hertel	21 April 1817
date of birth	Roberto Demo (born 1965 in Turin) is an Italian jazz singer-songwriter and vocal teacher.	Roberto Demo	1965
date of birth	Ingrid Föst (née Michaelis, 9 November 1934) is a retired German gymnast.	Ingrid Föst	9 November 1934
date of birth	John W. Darrah (born 1938) is a judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.	John W. Darrah	1938
date of birth	Bikash Bista (Nepali: बिकास बिस्ट; 3 December 1965) is a Nepalese Economist and Statistician, and the current Director General of Central Bureau of Statistics of Nepal.	Bikash Bista	3 December 1965
date of birth	Neda Bahi (Arabic: ندى الباهي‎) (born 1 January 1992) is a Paralympic athlete from Tunisia competing mainly in category T38 sprint events.	Neda Bahi	1 January 1992
date of birth	Nikos Korovesis (Greek: Νίκος Κοροβέσης; born 10 August 1991) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC as a left back or a winger.	Nikos Korovesis	10 August 1991
date of birth	Ashley Nicoll-Holzer (born 1963) is a Canadian Equestrian Team athlete in dressage.	Ashley Nicoll-Holzer	1963
date of birth	The Rt. Hon. Thomas Lough, P.C. (1850 -- 11 January 1922), was a British radical Liberal politician.	Thomas Lough	1850
date of birth	Dennis Woodside (born 1969) has been the Chief Operating Officer of Dropbox since winter 2014.	Dennis Woodside	1969
date of birth	Zeynalabedin Qiyami (Azerbaijani: Zeynalabidin Qiyami, Persian: زین‌العابدین قیامی‎ ; born 1891 in Ahar -- died in Baku) was an Iranian Azerbaijani politician and Jurist, by Ja'far Pishevari with the formation Azerbaijan People's Government in 1945, was Chairman of Supreme Court of Azerbaijan's Government in the Ja'far Pishevari Cabinet.	Zeynalabedin Qiyami	1891
date of birth	Albert Lauder (11 October 1898 -- 4 September 1971) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Albert Lauder	11 October 1898
date of birth	Leanna Carriere-Wellwood (born 3 April 1985) is a Canadian pole vaulter and heptathlete.	Leanna Carriere-Wellwood	3 April 1985
date of birth	Mária Molnár (born Budapest, 8 August 1966) is a Hungarian art historian, art critic, and art collection curator.	Mária Molnár	8 August 1966
date of birth	Manolis Saliakas (Greek: Μανώλης Σάλιακας, born 12 September 1996) is a Greek footballer who plays for Olympiacos, as a right back.	Manolis Saliakas	12 September 1996
date of birth	Elaine Dannheisser (Brooklyn 1923 - 2001 Manhattan) was an avid contemporary art collector and driving force behind the Werner and Elaine Dannheisser Art Collection.	Elaine Dannheisser	1923
date of birth	Keith M L Yeung (born 10 April 1988) is a horse racing jockey.	Keith M L Yeung	1988
date of birth	Din Din Aviv (Hebrew: דין דין אביב, born 9 October 1974 as Dina Aviv) is an Israeli pop and folk singer.	Din Din Aviv	9 October 1974
date of birth	Anak Agung Bagus Suteja (1923 - 1966?) was the first governor of Bali, appointed by President Sukarno in 1958, when Bali became a province.	Anak Agung Bagus Suteja	1923
date of birth	Nansook Hong (born 1966), is the author of the autobiography, In the Shadow of the Moons:	Nansook Hong	1966
date of birth	Jeff Cundy (born 1 March 1969) is an English amateur snooker player, who spent a number of seasons as a professional between 1991 and 2007.	Jeff Cundy	1 March 1969
date of birth	Cezary Czpak (born on 6 February 1982 in Jedlnia-Letnisko) is a polish footballer, playing as a midfielder.	Cezary Czpak	6 February 1982
date of birth	Frederik Paul Roever (born 22 July 1980) is a German Internet entrepreneur best known for creating the sports coaching platform becoacht.com.	Frederik Paul Roever	22 July 1980
date of birth	Glen Scott (born Glenvin Anthony Scott on 29 August 1973) is an award-winning British producer, arranger, mixing engineer, singer-songwriter, and session musician.	Glen Scott	29 August 1973
date of birth	Todd Tibbals (1910 - March 22, 1988) was an American architect who was active in the Columbus, Ohio area in the middle part of the twentieth century.	Todd Tibbals	1910
date of birth	Pavel Hak (born 1962, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech-born French playwright and author.	Pavel Hak	1962
date of birth	Úrsula von der Lippen (born 1944) is an Argentine artist known for her works of figurative art.	Úrsula von der Lippen	1944
date of birth	Isaac Cowley Lambert,(1850 -- November 8, 1909) was a British solicitor and Conservative Member of Parliament.	Isaac Cowley Lambert	1850
date of birth	George Bisharat (born 1954) is a Palestinian-American professor of law and frequent commentator on current events in the Middle East, and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in particular.	George Bisharat	1954
date of birth	Panicos Orphanides (born 27 July 1961) is a Cypriot former football manager and former football player.	Panicos Orphanides	27 July 1961
date of birth	David Cowan Dobson was born in Bradford, Yorkshire, the second son of the Scottish portrait painter Henry John Dobson (1858--1928), from Dalry who had painted in 1893 Labour leader James Keir Hardie (1856--1915), and Jeannie Charlotte Hannah Cowan.	Cowan Dobson	1893
date of birth	Mike Noble is a British comic artist and illustrator, born in Woodford, 17 September 1930.	Mike Noble	17 September 1930
date of birth	Kara Hui Ying-hung (born 3 February 1960), also romanized as Kara Wai Ying Hung, is a Hong Kong actress of Manchu ethnicity.	Kara Hui	3 February 1960
date of birth	Mark Opstad (born 1978) is a British choral conductor based in France.	Mark Opstad	1978
date of birth	Johann Duhaupas (born 5 February 1981) is a French professional boxer and world heavyweight title challenger.	Johann Duhaupas	5 February 1981
date of birth	Delio Hernández Valadés (born 16 September 1956) is a Mexican politician formerly from the Labor Party and the Social Democratic Party.	Delio Hernández Valadés	16 September 1956
date of birth	Sir Thomas Hewet (9 September 1656 -- 9 April 1726) was an English landowner and architect.	Thomas Hewet	9 September 1656
date of birth	Gen Sekiguchi (born 1968) is a Japanese television advertisement and film director who is known for his use of vibrant colours and surreal situations.	Gen Sekiguchi	1968
date of birth	Drew Coverdale (born 20 September 1969) is an English former footballer who made 30 appearances in the Football League playing as a full back for Darlington in the 1990s.	Drew Coverdale	20 September 1969
date of birth	Jenny Taylor (born 22 October 1955) is a cultural analyst and journalist and founder of Lapido Media, a consultancy specialising in religious literacy in world affairs.	Jenny Taylor	22 October 1955
date of birth	Gabriel Kahane (born 1981 in Venice Beach, California) is an American singer-songwriter living in New York City.	Gabriel Kahane	1981
date of birth	Neal Creque (1940--2000) whose real name was Earl Neal Creque was an American organist and jazz composer, born April 13, 1940 and originally from the Virgin Islands; he was based in the Cleveland area and played frequently around northern Ohio up until his death.	Neal Creque	1940
date of birth	John Anderton (born 7 February 1933) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Torquay United in the 1950s.	John Anderton	7 February 1933
date of birth	In April 2005, Russian pianist Anton Salnikov (born 1979) won Second Prize and the CenE Bankiers Audience Award at the 7th International Franz Liszt Piano Competition in Utrecht.	Anton Salnikov	1979
date of birth	Alakhai Bekhi (Alagai Bäki; born c. 1191) was a daughter of Genghis Khan and his first wife Börte.	Alakhai Bekhi	1191
date of birth	Mark G. Thomas (born 5 June 1964 on Kingston-upon-Thames, Surrey, England) is a human evolutionary geneticist, Professor of Evolutionary Genetics at the Research Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment at University College London.	Mark G. Thomas	5 June 1964
date of birth	Andrew Fezza was born in 1955 in Connecticut, and studied biology and sociology at Boston College with the intention of becoming a dentist.	Andrew Fezza	1955
date of birth	Mandy François-Elie (born 27 September 1989) is a French Paralympian athlete competing in the category T37.	Mandy François-Elie	27 September 1989
date of birth	Johann Melchior Kambly (January 1718 -- 12 April 1783) was a Swiss sculptor who took part in the development of the architectural style of Frederician Rococo.	Johann Melchior Kambly	1718
date of birth	Emily Roysdon (born 1977) is a New York and Stockholm based artist and writer, currently a Professor of Art at Konstfack in Stockholm, Sweden.	Emily Roysdon	1977
date of birth	Albert Ulmann (born 1861) was a Jewish American banker and author.	Albert Ulmann	1861
date of birth	Carsten Höller (born December 1961) is a Belgian artist.	Carsten Höller	1961
date of birth	Abhishek Chaubey (born 30 March 1977) is an Indian film director, writer and screenwriter.	Abhishek Chaubey	30 March 1977
date of birth	Susannah Fullerton, born in Canada in 1960, is an Australian author, literary historian and Jane Austen expert.	Susannah Fullerton	1960
date of birth	Wannarat Channukul (Thai: วรรณรัตน์ ชาญนุกูล, rtgs: Wannarat Channukun; born 8 March 1949 in Nakhon Ratchasima) is a Thai physician and politician.	Wannarat Channukul	8 March 1949
date of birth	Lazarus Shinyemba Ipangelwa was a prominent Namibian businessman and former Chief Executive Officer of First National Bank (Namibia), born on 20 June 1955 in Omagongati, Oshana Region.	Lazarus Shinyemba Ipangelwa	20 June 1955
date of birth	Gunter Schmidt (born 22 November 1938) is a German sexologist, psychotherapist and social psychologist.	Gunter Schmidt	22 November 1938
date of birth	Kakani Katija Young (born 1983) is a bioengineer from Oregon who was a champion ice dancer with her brother in the junior ranks.	Kakani Katija Young	1983
date of birth	Shiv R. Jhawar (born 1948) is an Indian-American author, public speaker and entrepreneur.	Shiv R. Jhawar	1948
date of birth	Delisa Newton (born 1934) is an American nurse and jazz vocalist in the American press, most notably in a 1966 issue of Sepia.	Delisa Newton	1934
date of birth	Albert Malcolm Ranjith Patabendige Don (Sinhala language: ඇල්බට් මැල්කම් රංජිත් පටබැඳිගේ දොන්) (born 15 November 1947), often known simply as Malcolm Ranjith or Albert Malcolm Ranjith, is a Sri Lankan cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Malcolm Ranjith	15 November 1947
date of birth	Stefan Rinke (born December 31, 1965) is a German historian and specialist in Latin American history.	Stefan Rinke	1965
date of birth	Swami Veda Bharati (1933- July 14, 2015) was born into a Sanskrit speaking family and raised in the centuries-old Sanskrit tradition.	Swami Veda Bharati	1933
date of birth	Zhan Tao (Chinese: 展涛; Pinyin: Zhǎn Tāo; born April 1963 in Shandong, China) is a Chinese mathematician and president of Jilin University, a post he assumed in November 2008.	Zhan Tao	April 1963
date of birth	Mạc Cửu, born Mò Jǐu (鄚玖; 1655--1736) was a Chinese adventurer who played a role in relations between Cambodia and the Nguyen court.	Mạc Cửu	1655
date of birth	Eduard Nikolaev (born 21 August 1984) is a Russian rally raid driver, best known for winning the 2013 Dakar Rally in the truck category for Kamaz.	Eduard Nikolaev	21 August 1984
date of birth	Mat Rebeaud (born 1982) is a Swiss freestyle motocross rider.	Mat Rebeaud	1982
date of birth	Pavel Vítek (born 1962) is a Czech singer and actor.	Pavel Vítek	1962
date of birth	Gurdon Denison (1744--1807) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia.	Gurdon Denison	1744
date of birth	Alex Márta (born 6 June 1984), better known by his stage name ByeAlex, is a Hungarian indie pop singer, songwriter, journalist, and novelist.	ByeAlex	6 June 1984
date of birth	Alexandra ``Kissie'' Nilsson (born Alexandra Barbara Nilsson, 18 April 1991) is a Swedish blogger also known as Kissie.	Kissie	18 April 1991
date of birth	Alexandru Șoltoianu (born 1934) was a Moldovan activist and a political prisoner in the former Soviet Union.	Alexandru Șoltoianu	1934
date of birth	Helen Blackburn (25 May 1842 -- 11 January 1903) was a feminist and campaigner for women's rights, especially in the field of employment.	Helen Blackburn	25 May 1842
date of birth	Brian Grundy (born 9 May 1945 in Atherton, Lancashire) is a former professional football winger.	Brian Grundy	9 May 1945
date of birth	Zoe Tay (born 10 January 1968) is a former model and a Singaporean actress contracted under Mediacorp.	Zoe Tay	10 January 1968
date of birth	Phoa Keng Hek Sia (Chinese: 潘景赫; pinyin: Pān Jǐnghè; 1857--1937) was a Chinese Indonesian businessman and first president of the Tiong Hoa Hwe Koan, a school system and social organisation meant to better the position of ethnic Chinese in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia).	Phoa Keng Hek	1857
date of birth	Grover Simcox (1867--1966) was well-known illustrator, naturalist and polymath in Philadelphia, PA.	Grover Simcox	1867
date of birth	Erling Diesen (born 6 July 1932) is a Norwegian engineer and civil servant.	Erling Diesen	6 July 1932
date of birth	Domenico Piccichè (Italian pronunciation: (doˈmɛːniko pitʃiˈke)) (born 18 July 1970), is an Italian pianist, composer and jurist.	Domenico Piccichè	18 July 1970
date of birth	Fearghal Flannery (born 3 January 1991) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a substitute goalkeeper for the Galway senior team.	Fearghal Flannery	3 January 1991
date of birth	Srirangam Gopalaratnam (Telugu: శ్రీరంగం గోపాలరత్నం) (1939 - March 16, 1993) is a Telugu singer.	Srirangam Gopalaratnam	1939
date of birth	John Stachel (born 29 March 1928) is an American physicist and philosopher of science.	John Stachel	29 March 1928
date of birth	Dr Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar (Bengali: কাকলি ঘোষ-দস্তিদার; born 23 November 1959) is a political leader of West Bengal.	Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar	23 November 1959
date of birth	Mpho Mbiyozo (born 7 February 1983) is a former South African rugby union player who played with Western Province and the Eastern Province Kings between 2005 and 2013.	Mpho Mbiyozo	7 February 1983
date of birth	Ede Dunai, also known as Dunai III (born 14 July 1949) was a Hungarian football player who played for Újpesti Dózsa.	Ede Dunai	14 July 1949
date of birth	Gregory Mocek (born 1962) is the former Director of Enforcement for the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission in Washington, D.C. A native of Lafayette, Louisiana, he was appointed to that position in 2002, and oversaw approximately 150 attorneys and investigators in Washington, New York, Kansas City, and Chicago.	Gregory Mocek	1962
date of birth	Marcus Trevor, 1st Viscount Dungannon (1618 -- 3 January 1669/70), also known as Colonel Mark Trevor, was an Anglo-Irish soldier and peer.	Marcus Trevor, 1st Viscount Dungannon	1618
date of birth	Jennifer Baxter (born 1976) is a Canadian actress and comedian formerly based out of Toronto and currently living in Los Angeles with her husband Mike Beaver.	Jennifer Baxter	1976
date of birth	Lionel Berners Cholmondeley (1858--1945) was a younger brother of a British peer who became an Anglican minister, rector at Nippon Sei Ko Kai St. Barnabas Church at Ushigome in Shinjuku, Tokyo (near the central campus of Waseda University).	Lionel Berners Cholmondeley	1858
date of birth	Max Bernhauer (24 September 1866, Müglitz - 13 March 1946, Horn, Austria) was a German entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera, especially Staphylinidae.	Max Bernhauer	24 September 1866
date of birth	Max Cullen (born 29 April 1940) is an Australian-born stage and screen actor.	Max Cullen	29 April 1940
date of birth	Michael Cherney (Hebrew: מיכאל צ'רנוי‎, Russian: Михаил Чёрный, also Mikhail Chernoy, Mikhail Chorny or Mikhail Chernoi; born 16 January 1952) is a Uzbekistan-born Israeli entrepreneur and industrialist.	Michael Cherney	1952
date of birth	Larchwood, in Lyon County, Iowa, was founded about 1872 by a group of McLean County, Illinois land developers Jesse W. Fell (10 November 1808 -- 25 February 1887) and Charles W. Holder (25 September 1819 -- 10 April 1900).	Jesse W. Fell	10 November 1808
date of birth	José Ramón Hinojosa Montalvo (born in Valencia, Spain in 1947) is a historian and Professor of Medieval History at the University of Alicante in Spain.	José Ramón Hinojosa Montalvo	1947
date of birth	Nila Banton Smith (1889--1976) was a teacher, administrator and specialist in reading instruction.	Nila Banton Smith	1889
date of birth	Paolo Carbone (born 13 July 1982) is an Italian professional footballer who is a Free agent after his contract with Savona.	Paolo Carbone	13 July 1982
date of birth	Giancarlo Parretti (born 23 October 1941) is an Italian financier.	Giancarlo Parretti	23 October 1941
date of birth	Maj-General Ranjit Lal Jetley, FIE, FIQA (born 10 March 1923) is a retired soldier and scientist in India.	Ranjit Lal Jetley	10 March 1923
date of birth	Igor Šimunčić (born 12 December 1973) is a former professional volleyball player and current coach of Croatia men's national volleyball team.	Igor Šimunčić	12 December 1973
date of birth	Larysa Harapyn (born c. 1973) is a Canadian media personality, who most recently was a news anchor at the, now defunct, Sun News Network.	Larysa Harapyn	1973
date of birth	Michael Lesy (born 1945) is a writer and professor of literary journalism at Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts.	Michael Lesy	1945
date of birth	Clous van Mechelen (born Jacob Philip (Jack) van Mechelen, 12 March 1941, Amsterdam) is a Dutch musician, arranger, and actor.	Clous van Mechelen	12 March 1941
date of birth	Charles Arthur Willard (born 1945) is an American argumentation and rhetorical theorist.	Charles Arthur Willard	1945
date of birth	Gabriel Cousens (born Kenneth Gabriel Cousens, 1943) is an American physician M.D., homeopath, and spiritual writer who practices holistic medicine.	Gabriel Cousens	1943
date of birth	Gianfranco Baraldi (Latina, 29 September 1935) is a former Italian middle distance runner.	Gianfranco Baraldi	29 September 1935
date of birth	Stefano Ticci (born 13 May 1962) is an Italian bobsledder who competed in the early 1990s.	Stefano Ticci	13 May 1962
date of birth	Bruno Joncour (born 1953) is a French politician, Mayor of Saint-Brieuc and a member of the MoDem.	Bruno Joncour	1953
date of birth	Ryan O'Keeffe (born 28 May 1986 in Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian drummer and founding member of the Australian hard rock band Airbourne, with his brother Joel.	Ryan O'Keeffe	28 May 1986
date of birth	James Terry (Limerick, Ireland, 26 May 1660 - Paris, France 1725) was an Irish officer of arms who remained faithful to the Jacobite kings of Britain after their escape to the European continent.	James Terry	26 May 1660
date of birth	Viktor Alksnis (Russian: Виктор Имантович Алкснис, Latvian: Viktors Alksnis; born 21 June 1950) is an ethnic Latvian Russian politician and former Soviet Air Force colonel.	Viktor Alksnis	21 June 1950
date of birth	Christine Swane née Christine Larsen (29 May 1876, Kerteminde -- 16 August 1960, Farum) was a Danish painter who first associated with the Funen Painters before developing her own increasingly Cubist style.	Christine Swane	29 May 1876
date of birth	Hamid Soltanian-Zadeh (Persian: حمید سلطانیان زاده‎) was born in Yazd in 1960.	Hamid Soltanian-Zadeh	1960
date of birth	Fozil Musaev , also called Fozil Musayev, (Uzbek: 'Фозил Мусаев') (born 2 January 1989) is an Uzbekistani footballer.	Fozil Musaev	2 January 1989
date of birth	Walter Woolf King (2 November 1899 -- 24 October 1984) was an American film, television and stage actor and singer.	Walter Woolf King	2 November 1899
date of birth	Sir Duncombe Colchester (1630--94), of Westbury-on-Severn and the Wilderness, Abbinghall, Gloucestershire, was an English politician.	Duncombe Colchester	1630
date of birth	Friedrich Voss (7 July 1872 -- 3 March 1953) was a German civil engineer educated at Braunschweig University of Technology.	Friedrich Voss	7 July 1872
date of birth	Robert Gary Havelock (born 4 November 1968, in Eaglescliffe, County Durham, England) is a former speedway rider who was World Champion in 1992, and for several years captained the Redcar Bears in the Premier League.	Gary Havelock	4 November 1968
date of birth	Arnob Mitra (born 16 June 1991) is a Bangladeshi singer and music composer.	Arnob Mitra	16 June 1991
date of birth	Luke Fowler (born 1978) is an artist, filmmaker and musician based in Glasgow.	Luke Fowler	1978
date of birth	Sir Gangadhar Rao Chitnavis, KCIE (1862 - ? ) was an Indian landholder and politician in the Central Provinces, British India.	Gangadhar Rao Chitnavis	1862
date of birth	Barbara Hohn ForMemRS (born 15 September 1939) is an Austrian molecular biologist, particularly known for her research into the Agrobacterium tumefaciens.	Barbara Hohn	15 September 1939
date of birth	Thohanbwa (Burmese: သိုဟန်ဘွား, pronounced: (θòhàɴbwá); Shan: သိူဝ်ႁၢၼ်ၾႃ့; 1505 -- May 1542) was king of Ava from 1527 to 1542.	Thohanbwa	1505
date of birth	Ronen Feigenbaum (Hebrew: רונן פייגנבוים‎, born 2 April 1975) is a former Israeli footballer.	Ronen Feigenbaum	2 April 1975
date of birth	Javier Garrido Behobide (born 15 March 1985) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Las Palmas as a left back, characterized by his constant overlapping runs.	Javier Garrido	15 March 1985
date of birth	Alexy van Kimmenade (born: Van de Kimmenade) (born 15 December 1981, Merksem, Belgium) was the star in the reallife programme Dirty Cows, presented by Tara Palmer-Tomkinson.	Alexy van Kimmenade	15 December 1981
date of birth	Diamond Bessie (1854 - January 21, 1877) was the popular name given to Bessie Moore, née Annie Stone, a prostitute whose murder in the woods outside of Jefferson, Texas, propelled her to the level of local legend.	Diamond Bessie	1854
date of birth	Wilfrid Eggleston OBE (25 March 1901 -- 13 June 1986) was an Anglo-Canadian journalist, author and censor.	Wilfrid Eggleston	1901
date of birth	Aisling O'Loughlin (born 1978) is an Irish journalist, newsreader and presenter, best known for co-presenting TV3's Xposé since 2007.	Aisling O'Loughlin	1978
date of birth	Anna Crilly (born 28 November 1975 in Pembury, Kent) is an English actress and comedian who also holds Scottish citizenship.	Anna Crilly	28 November 1975
date of birth	Alois Purgathofer (18 February 1925 - 13 March 1984), was an Austrian astronomer at the Vienna Observatory from 1954 to 1984.	Alois Purgathofer	18 February 1925
date of birth	Romano Fogli (born 21 January 1938) is an Italian retired footballer and former manager.	Romano Fogli	21 January 1938
date of birth	Edmund von Mach (1870--1927) was a German-American art historian and lecturer on art.	Edmund von Mach	1870
date of birth	Sir Robert Bindlosse, 1st Baronet (1624 -- 6 November 1688) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1646 and 1660.	Robert Bindlosse	1624
date of birth	Ben O'Connor (born 25 January 1979) was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Cork senior team.	Ben O'Connor	25 January 1979
date of birth	Silvan Zurbriggen (born 15 August 1981) is a retired Swiss World Cup alpine ski racer who competed primarily in downhill and combined, and occasionally in super-G. In 2012, he stopped competing in slalom due to poor results.	Silvan Zurbriggen	15 August 1981
date of birth	Bae Il-hwan (Hangul: 배일환; born 20 July 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Forward for Sangju Sangmu in the K League Challenge.	Bae Il-hwan	20 July 1988
date of birth	Rinaldo del Mel (also René del Mel, del Melle) (probably 1554 -- c. 1598) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance, mainly active in Italy, and a member of the Roman School of composition.	Rinaldo del Mel	1554
date of birth	Syarizad Binti Haji Ibrahim (born 3 April 1983), better known by her stage name Sherry Ibrahim, is a Malaysian actress, model and TV host.	Sherry Ibrahim	3 April 1983
date of birth	Dr. Julian Samora (March 1, 1920 -- February 2, 1996) was a Mexican American teacher, scholar and community activist who helped to pioneer the field of Latino Studies.	Julian Samora	1920
date of birth	Joel Garner (born 16 December 1952), also known as ``Big Joel'' or ``Big Bird'', is a former West Indian cricketer, and a member of the highly regarded late 1970s and early '80s West Indies cricket teams.	Joel Garner	16 December 1952
date of birth	André Migner, or Migné, who after his own lifetime was called Lagacé (born 1640 in Saint-Martin, Île de Ré, La Rochelle, Aunis, France died November 20, 1727 in La Pocatière, Quebec) was a soldier of the French and Indian Wars.	André Migner	1640
date of birth	Marc Brys (born 10 May 1962) is a former Belgian football player and current manager.	Marc Brys	10 May 1962
date of birth	Grace Deeb (Arabic: غريس ديب‎) (born on May 29, 1975 in Beirut) is a Lebanese singer.	Grace Deeb	1975
date of birth	Shivraj Singh Lodhi (born 8 October 1943 Banda Belai, Sagar district) is an Indian politician, belonging to the Bhartiya Janata Party.	Shivraj Singh Lodhi	8 October 1943
date of birth	Robert Een (born 1952) is an American composer, cellist, and vocalist.	Robert Een	1952
date of birth	Amin Younes (born 6 August 1993) is a German footballer of Lebanese descent who plays as a winger for Ajax in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Amin Younes	6 August 1993
date of birth	Matthias Berking (* 30. April 1971 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a Professor of Psychology and a Psychotherapist at the University of Erlangen.	Matthias Berking	30. April 1971
date of birth	Dominique Maltais (born 9 November 1980) is a Canadian snowboarder, specialising in snowboard cross.	Dominique Maltais	9 November 1980
date of birth	Donn Arden (1916 or 1917 -- November 2, 1994) was an American choreographer and producer.	Donn Arden	1916
date of birth	Denis Leonardo Gomez Lozano (born 7 October 1991 in Montería), commonly known as Denis Gomez, is a Colombian footballer who played for Colombian Liga Postobón club América de Cali.	Denis Gomez	7 October 1991
date of birth	Mazher Mahmood (born 22 March 1963) is an undercover reporter for the British tabloid press.	Mazher Mahmood	22 March 1963
date of birth	Jean-René Bernaudeau (born 8 July 1956) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.	Jean-René Bernaudeau	8 July 1956
date of birth	Dayton Baptiste (born 1965) is a Dominican politician in the Dominica Labour Party, and a former police officer in Antigua.	Dayton Baptiste	1965
date of birth	Beno Lapajne (born 10 June 1973) is a former professional handball player.	Beno Lapajne	10 June 1973
date of birth	Nava Lubelski (born 1968 in New York City) is a contemporary artist who currently works and lives in Asheville, NC.	Nava Lubelski	1968
date of birth	John Mealing (born Yeovil, Somerset, 5 April 1942) is a keyboards player, composer and arranger.	John Mealing	5 April 1942
date of birth	Sudhir Dar (born 1934) is an Indian cartoonist, one of the 'second generation' of editorial cartoonists, active mainly from the 1960s to the 1980s, which included R. K. Laxman, Abu Abraham, O. V. Vijayan and Rajinder Puri.	Sudhir Dar	1934
date of birth	Nicholas Kearns (born 1946) was the President of the High Court of Ireland, and ex officio member of the Supreme Court.	Nicholas Kearns	1946
date of birth	Cristian da Silva (born 3 February 1971) is a retired Argentine professional soccer player who played in the United States for the MetroStars.	Cristian da Silva	3 February 1971
date of birth	Nandini Shankar (born 1993) is an Indian violinist who performs Hindustani Classical Music and Fusion.	Nandini Shankar	1993
date of birth	Jussi Lehtisalo (born 1973), is a Finnish bassist.	Jussi Lehtisalo	1973
date of birth	Mario Lusiani (4 May 1903 -- 3 September 1964) was an Italian cyclist.	Mario Lusiani	4 May 1903
date of birth	Sir Frank Callaway AO CMG OBE (16 May 1919 -- 22 February 2003) was an influential music educator and administrator.	Frank Callaway	16 May 1919
date of birth	Elicia MacKenzie (born 1985) is a Canadian musical theatre actress who won the 2008 CBC Television contest How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?.	Elicia MacKenzie	1985
date of birth	Ursula Kemp or Ursley Kempe alias Grey (ca. 1525 -- 1582) was an English cunning woman and midwife who in 1582 was tried for witchcraft and hanged.	Ursula Kemp	1525
date of birth	Kare Kauks (Kare Orav by marriage; born 2 June 1961 in Kehra) is an Estonian singer and music teacher.	Kare Kauks	2 June 1961
date of birth	Simon Wells (born 1961) is an English film director of animation and live-action films.	Simon Wells	1961
date of birth	Arne Scheie (born 7 January 1944) is a Norwegian sports commentator, with football and ski jumping as his specialties.	Arne Scheie	7 January 1944
date of birth	Tara Fitzgerald (born 18 September 1967) is an English actress who has appeared in feature films, television, radio and the stage.	Tara Fitzgerald	18 September 1967
date of birth	Stella Chung (Chinese: 钟晓玉; pinyin: Zhōng Xiǎoyù, born 9 July 1981) is a Malaysian actress and singer.	Stella Chung	9 July 1981
date of birth	Charles Terres Weymann (2 August 1889 -- 1976) was an early aeroplane racing pilot and businessman.	Charles Terres Weymann	2 August 1889
date of birth	John Henry Lorimer (12 August 1856 -- 4 November 1936) was a Scottish painter who worked on portraits and genre scenes of everyday life.	John Henry Lorimer	12 August 1856
date of birth	Roman Verostko (born in 1929) is an American artist and educator who creates code-generated imagery, known as algorithmic art. Verostko developed his own software for generating original art based on form ideas he had developed as an artist in the 1960s.	Roman Verostko	1929
date of birth	David Nyathi (born 22 March 1969) is a retired South African football player, who is currently the assistant coach at Ajax Cape Town, and previously coached their under-19 team.	David Nyathi	22 March 1969
date of birth	Norman Ian MacKenzie (18 August 1921 -- 16 June 2013) was a British writer, journalist and educationalist who helped set up the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) in 1957 and the Open University (OU) in the late 1960s.	Norman Ian MacKenzie	18 August 1921
date of birth	Jahir Butrón Gotuzzo (born 30 October 1975) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a center back.	Jahir Butrón	30 October 1975
date of birth	Dyan Buis (born 30 November 1990 in Riversdale, SAF) is a South African Paralympic sprint runner and long jumper.	Dyan Buis	30 November 1990
date of birth	Susan Dorothea White (born 10 August 1941), also called Sue White and Susan White, is an Australian painter, sculptor, and printmaker.	Susan Dorothea White	10 August 1941
date of birth	Henry Room (1802--1850) was an English portrait-painter, from an evangelical background in Birmingham.	Henry Room	1802
date of birth	Lovell Pinkney (born August 18, 1972) is a former American football tight end who played one season with the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League.	Lovell Pinkney	1972
date of birth	Richard Arum (born 1963) is an American sociologist of education and stratification, best known for his research on student learning, school discipline, race, and inequality in K-12 and higher education.	Richard Arum	1963
date of birth	Eleuterio Felice Foresti (1793 -- September 14, 1858) was an Italian patriot and scholar.	Eleuterio Felice Foresti	1793
date of birth	Wang Sanyun (Chinese: 王三运; born December 1952) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2011 as the Communist Party Secretary of Gansu province.	Wang Sanyun	1952
date of birth	Michael Alaalatoa (born 28 August 1991) is an Australian Rugby Union player who currently plays as a prop for the Waratahs in the international Super Rugby competition.	Michael Alaalatoa	28 August 1991
date of birth	Jan Luggenhölscher (born 1980) is a German professional ice dancer.	Jan Luggenhölscher	1980
date of birth	Peter M. Sacks (born in 1950) is an expatriate South African painter living in the United States.	Peter M. Sacks	1950
date of birth	Debby Susanto (born 3 May 1989 in Palembang) is an Indonesian badminton player who specializes in doubles, especially mixed doubles.	Debby Susanto	3 May 1989
date of birth	Frédéric Bonin-Pissarro or Frédéric Pissarro (born in 1964 in Paris) is a French painter.	Frédéric Bonin-Pissarro	1964
date of birth	Annie Hill (born 1955 (age 59--60)) is an English sailor.	Annie Hill	1955
date of birth	Olena Bilousivska (Ukrainian: Олена Білоусівська; Russian: Елена Белоусовская: Elena Belousovskaya; born 7 November 1980) is a Ukrainian former pair skater.	Olena Bilousivska	7 November 1980
date of birth	Dr. Domenico Grasso (b. 1955 Worcester, Massachusetts) is Provost of the University of Delaware (UD).	Domenico Grasso	1955
date of birth	Plácido Benavides (1810--1837) was an early Mexican-born settler in De Leon's Colony, Victoria County, Texas.	Plácido Benavides	1810
date of birth	Davide Colomba (born 19 July 1988) is an Italian professional football player who last played for FC Pune City.	Davide Colomba	19 July 1988
date of birth	Kelly Oxford (born November 29, 1977) is a Canadian author, screenwriter, social media blogger and microblogger, and stay-at-home mom.	Kelly Oxford	1977
date of birth	Aniekan Udofia (born 1976) is a portrait artist known for his large-scale paintings and murals in the Washington, D.C. area.	Aniekan Udofia	1976
date of birth	David Legge (born 22 November 1954) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	David Legge	22 November 1954
date of birth	Falko Weißpflog (born 1954 in Pleißa) is an East German former ski jumper who competed from 1977 to 1980.	Falko Weißpflog	1954
date of birth	Mohamed Zulficar (born 4 September 1918) was an Egyptian Olympic fencer.	Mohamed Zulficar	4 September 1918
date of birth	John T. Fesperman (1925 Charlotte, NC, USA -- June 2, 2001 Mitchellville, MD, USA) was an American conductor, organist and author of several books on organs.	John T. Fesperman	1925
date of birth	Bobby Knutt (born 25 November 1945) is a British television actor, who started in entertainment as a stand-up comedian.	Bobby Knutt	25 November 1945
date of birth	Dr. Ifi Amadiume (born 23 April 1947) is a Nigerian poet, anthropologist and essayist.	Ifi Amadiume	23 April 1947
date of birth	Eloise Southby-Halbish (born 6 July 1976) is an Australian sports commentator and former netball player.	Eloise Southby-Halbish	6 July 1976
date of birth	Nathan O'Keefe (born 17 August 1990) is an Australian rules football player who played for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Nathan O'Keefe	17 August 1990
date of birth	Lowri Tynan (born 13 October 1987) is a Welsh swimmer, specialising in breaststroke at 50 and 100 metres.	Lowri Tynan	13 October 1987
date of birth	Sebastian Kulczyk (born 16 November 1980, in Poznań, Poland) is a manager and entrepreneur.	Sebastian Kulczyk	16 November 1980
date of birth	Tamara Eteimo (born 24 July 1987), also known by her stage name Tamara Jones, is a Nigerian R&B singer-songwriter and actress.	Tamara Eteimo	24 July 1987
date of birth	Charles Berkeley, 2nd Viscount Fitzhardinge (14 December 1599 -- 12 June 1668) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1668.	Charles Berkeley, 2nd Viscount Fitzhardinge	14 December 1599
date of birth	James Framo (1922--2001) was an American psychologist and pioneer family therapist.	James Framo	1922
date of birth	Myke Roy (born 2 July 1950) is a Canadian composer and recording engineer.	Myke Roy	2 July 1950
date of birth	Lieutenant Colonel Jaswant Singh Marwah (born 21 January 1921) is an Indian journalist and author, and the father of General Joginder Jaswant Singh, the first Sikh Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army.	Jaswant Singh Marwah	21 January 1921
date of birth	Bushra Gohar, (Pashto:بشرا ګوهر; born 5 May 1961), is a Pakistani stateswoman, public intellectual and one of leading woman politician.	Bushra Gohar	5 May 1961
date of birth	Brian Acton (born 1972) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur.	Brian Acton	1972
date of birth	Pattie Maes (born 1961) is a professor in MIT's program in Media Arts and Sciences.	Pattie Maes	1961
date of birth	Gregg Weaver (born January 9, 1961 in California) was part of San Diego's famed skate scene and one of skateboarding's early superstars (Weyland, 2002, p.44).	Gregg Weaver	1961
date of birth	Thomas Ancora (born 20 July 1986 as Thomas Quagliara Ancora) is a Belgian actor, appearing in films, television and on stage.	Thomas Ancora	20 July 1986
date of birth	Andreas Silbermann (16 May 1678 -- 16 March 1734) was a German organ builder, who was involved in the construction of 35 organs, mostly in Alsace.	Andreas Silbermann	16 May 1678
date of birth	William Stephen Atkinson (September 1820 - 15 January 1876, Rome) was a British lepidopterist who worked for much of his life in India.	William Stephen Atkinson	1820
date of birth	Sir Digby William David Cayley, 11th Baronet Cayley, of Brompton, Scarborough, Yorkshire, England, was born on 3 June 1944.	Digby William David Cayley	3 June 1944
date of birth	Nicholas Guy Halsey TD, DL, FRICS (born 14 June 1948) is the heir to the Halsey Baronetcy.	Nicholas Guy Halsey	14 June 1948
date of birth	Sanjin Bezdrob (born 22 November 1979) is a Bosnian volleyball player at national and international level and captain of the Bosnian national volleyball team.	Sanjin Bezdrob	22 November 1979
date of birth	Aydın Ayas (born 1946) is a Turkish dentist and last President of the Greens Party (Turkey) (founded in 1988) in Turkey that closed down in 1994.	Aydın Ayas	1946
date of birth	Phil McKenzie (born 13 June 1963) is a former rugby league footballer who played as a hooker.	Phil McKenzie	13 June 1963
date of birth	John Poad Drake (1794--1883) was an inventor and artist from Stoke Damerel, in present-day Devon.	John Poad Drake	1794
date of birth	Carol Ann Toupes (1936 -- July 24, 2004) was one of the famed Toupes triplets whose birth and early childhood captivated the San Francisco media of the day.	Carol Ann Toupes	1936
date of birth	Dimitri Kevin Cavare (born 5 February 1995) is a French footballer who currently plays as a right back for Ligue 1 side Stade Rennais F.C..	Dimitri Kevin Cavare	5 February 1995
date of birth	Carla Borrego (née Williams; born 11 November 1983) is a Jamaican-Australian international basketball and netball player.	Carla Borrego	11 November 1983
date of birth	RM Hubbert (Robert McArthur Hubbert, born 12 May 1974 in Glasgow, Scotland), commonly known as Hubby, is a Scottish guitarist and singer.	RM Hubbert	12 May 1974
date of birth	Wang Yafan (Chinese: 王雅繁; pinyin: Wáng Yǎfán; born 30 April 1994) is a Chinese tennis player.	Wang Yafan	30 April 1994
date of birth	Solon Chase (1823 - November 23, 1909) was an American farmer, orchardist, politician and newspaper publisher from Maine.	Solon Chase	1823
date of birth	Sarat Pujari (8 August 1934 -- 12 May 2014) was an Indian film actor, director and producer in Odia film industry (Ollywood).	Sarat Pujari	8 August 1934
date of birth	Bill Hendrie (22 January 1884 -- 1 May 1939) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Hendrie	22 January 1884
date of birth	Johannes Friedrich Miescher (13 August 1844 -- 26 August 1895) was a Swiss physician and biologist.	Friedrich Miescher	13 August 1844
date of birth	Anna Langford (1917 -- September 17, 2008) was an American politician and lawyer who served on the Chicago City Council in Chicago, Illinois.	Anna Langford	1917
date of birth	Jennifer Welles (born c. 1933) is an American former pornographic actress in films of the 1970s, although she began her acting career in the late 1960s in the softcore sexploitation genre and ``roughie'' grindhouse films produced in New York.	Jennifer Welles	1933
date of birth	Mayis Azizyan (Armenian: Մայիս Ազիզյան; born 1 May 1978) is an Armenian professional footballer.	Mayis Azizyan	1 May 1978
date of birth	Daniel Kahl (born 30 March 1960 in Monrovia, California) is an American of German descent and a foreign TV personality (gaijin tarento) in Japan.	Daniel Kahl	30 March 1960
date of birth	Sylvie Bérard (born 1965) is a Canadian academic and science fiction writer.	Sylvie Bérard	1965
date of birth	Danielle Lloyd (formerly O'Hara; born 16 December 1983) is an English glamour model.	Danielle Lloyd	16 December 1983
date of birth	Peggy Babin (born 24 December 1976) is a retired French athlete who specialized in the 400 metres and 800 metres.	Peggy Babin	24 December 1976
date of birth	Thomas Richard Dunwoody MBE (born 18 January 1964 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a retired British jockey in National Hunt racing.	Richard Dunwoody	18 January 1964
date of birth	Lynsey Hipgrave (née Horn; born 6 September 1979) is an English television and radio presenter, currently working for BT Sport.	Lynsey Hipgrave	6 September 1979
date of birth	Rohan Robertson (born 21 August 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) between 1985 and 1988.	Rohan Robertson	21 August 1961
date of birth	Lorna Woodroffe (born 18 August 1976) was an English Olympic tennis player.	Lorna Woodroffe	18 August 1976
date of birth	Jyoti Dhawale (born 24 July 1976) known mononymously as Jo is HIV Activist, dedicated for the betterment of People Living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA) across India and the world.	Jyoti Dhawale	24 July 1976
date of birth	Carrie Lee Sze Kei (simplified Chinese: 李诗琪; traditional Chinese: 李詩琪; pinyin: Lí Sīqī; born 12 December 1985) is a Malaysian Chinese actress, model, and businesswoman.	Carrie Lee Sze Kei	12 December 1985
date of birth	Chava Mond (born 1984, also Havi Mond, Hebrew: חוה מונד‎) is an Israeli model.	Chava Mond	1984
date of birth	Caspar Mathias Spoo (7 January 1837 -- 17 March 1914) was a Luxembourgish industrialist and politician.	Caspar Mathias Spoo	7 January 1837
date of birth	Constantin Gâlcă (born 8 March 1972) is a Romanian retired footballer, and the current manager of Spanish club RCD Espanyol.	Constantin Gâlcă	8 March 1972
date of birth	Jon Alpert (born c. 1948) is an American journalist and documentary filmmaker, known for his use of a cinéma vérité approach in his films.	Jon Alpert	1948
date of birth	George E. Stephens (1832 - April 24, 1888) was a 1st Sergeant and 1st and 2nd Lieutenant in the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, an American Civil War Union regiment, and a war correspondent to the New York Weekly Anglo-African.	George E. Stephens	1832
date of birth	Adalbert I, Duke of Teck, (c. 1135 -- c. 1195) was a German nobleman.	Adalbert I, Duke of Teck	1135
date of birth	Mary Millicent Miller (1846 -- October 30, 1894) was the first American woman to acquire a steamboat master's license.	Mary Millicent Miller	1846
date of birth	Juho Tolppola (born 5 October 1981) is a Finnish professional boxer who fights at welterweight and has twice challenged for the European super-lightweight title.	Juho Tolppola	5 October 1981
date of birth	Antoine Gomez (born 26 August 1927) is a Portuguese-French former racing cyclist.	Antoine Gomez	26 August 1927
date of birth	Alissa Quart (born 1972) is an American nonfiction writer, critic, journalist, editor, and poet.	Alissa Quart	1972
date of birth	Riku Lätti (11 June 1973), is a South African singer, songwriter and writer.	Riku Lätti	11 June 1973
date of birth	Francis Howgill (1618 -- 11 February 1669) was a prominent early member of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) in England.	Francis Howgill	1618
date of birth	Xie Hangsheng (Chinese: 谢杭生) (born 1955) was a Chinese diplomat.	Xie Hangsheng	1955
date of birth	Altay Öktem (İstanbul, 1964) is a Turkish poet, writer, researcher and doctor.	Altay Öktem	1964
date of birth	Tuula Kallioniemi (born 22 March 1951 in Kymi) is an author of Finnish children's literature.	Tuula Kallioniemi	22 March 1951
date of birth	Marko Simović (born 19 February 1987) is a Montenegrin handball player for Romanian handball team CSM București (Men's Handball) and the Montenegrin national team.	Marko Simović	19 February 1987
date of birth	Rajesh Gangwar (born 12 January 1967) is a socialist, who believes in Nonviolence.	Rajesh Gangwar	12 January 1967
date of birth	Arthur Woodall (4 June 1930 -- 2005) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City.	Arthur Woodall	4 June 1930
date of birth	Carole Rosenthal (born 13 December 1940) is a fiction writer, the author of It Doesn't Have To Be Me, a collection of short stories.	Carole Rosenthal	13 December 1940
date of birth	Manfred Kirchgeorg (born 20 June 1958) is a German economist, a specialist in marketing management, who holds the SVI-Endowed Chair of Marketing, especially E-Commerce and Cross-Media Management at HHL Leipzig Graduate School of Management.	Manfred Kirchgeorg	1958
date of birth	Rich Gunning (born 1966) is an American radio personality and voice actor.	Rich Gunning	1966
date of birth	Mary Beth Cahill (born December 1954) is an American political figure, who served as the campaign manager of Senator John Kerry's campaign for the Democratic nomination for President.	Mary Beth Cahill	1954
date of birth	Marius Šavelskis (born 30 July 1994) is a race-walker who competes internationally for Lithuania.	Marius Šavelskis	30 July 1994
date of birth	Marijan Prosen - Majo (born 13 March 1937) is a Slovene astronomer, author of numerous scientific and popular science books and articles on astronomy.	Marijan Prosen	13 March 1937
date of birth	Otto Tunmann (13 August 1867, Posen -- 11 September 1919, Innsbruck) was a German pharmacologist and phytochemist.	Otto Tunmann	13 August 1867
date of birth	Anders G. Högmark (born 1945) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag 1979--2006.	Anders G. Högmark	1945
date of birth	Audrey Kennedy (born 1978) is a camogie player and sports therapist.	Audrey Kennedy	1978
date of birth	Frans Alphons Maria Alting von Geusau (born 26 June 1933 in Bilthoven) is a Dutch legal scholar and diplomat.	Frans Alphons Maria Alting von Geusau	26 June 1933
date of birth	Robert-Aglaé Cauchoix (24 April 1776 -- 5 February 1845) was a French optician and instrument maker, whose lenses played a part in the race of the great refractor telescopes in the first half of the 19th century.	Robert-Aglaé Cauchoix	24 April 1776
date of birth	Mark Gower (born 5 October 1978) is an English footballer who is currently a free agent.	Mark Gower	5 October 1978
date of birth	Rochelle Gilmore (born 14 December 1981 in Sutherland, New South Wales) is an Australian former racing cyclist currently living in Italy.	Rochelle Gilmore	14 December 1981
date of birth	Mary Holland (19 June 1935 -- 7 June 2004) was an Irish journalist who specialised in writing about Ireland, and in particular Northern Ireland.	Mary Holland	19 June 1935
date of birth	Richard Mantell (born 17 August 1981) is an English field hockey defender.	Richard Mantell	17 August 1981
date of birth	Ron Kolm (born 1947) is an American poet, editor, activist and bookseller, based in New York City.	Ron Kolm	1947
date of birth	Nicolae Dobrin (Romanian pronunciation: (nikoˈla.e doˈbrin); nicknamed Gâscanul, ``the Gander'', or Prințul din Trivale, ``the Prince of Trivale''; 26 August 1947 -- 26 October 2007) was a Romanian football player.	Nicolae Dobrin	26 August 1947
date of birth	David Gibb (born 1 July 1990) is a children's musician and songwriter from Belper, Derbyshire.	David Gibb	1 July 1990
date of birth	Robert Faurisson (born 25 January 1929) is a Franco-British Holocaust denier and former academic.	Robert Faurisson	25 January 1929
date of birth	Jack Furness (23 August 1890 -- 9 February 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Furness	23 August 1890
date of birth	James Henty (24 September 1800 -- 12 January 1882), was pioneer, merchant and politician in colonial Australia.	James Henty	24 September 1800
date of birth	Mary Myfanwy Piper (/məˈfɑːnwiː/; Welsh: /məˈvanuj/; 28 March 1911 -- 18 January 1997) was a British art critic and opera librettist.	Myfanwy Piper	28 March 1911
date of birth	Giovanni Angelo Becciu (born 2 June 1948) was appointed Substitute for General Affairs by Pope Benedict XVI on 10 May 2011.	Giovanni Angelo Becciu	2 June 1948
date of birth	Ole Bjørn Fausa (born 22 April 1966) is a Norwegian investor and entrepreneur.	Ole Bjørn Fausa	22 April 1966
date of birth	Paul Kendrick (born in 1983) is an author of popular history.	Paul Kendrick	1983
date of birth	Jenny Pat was born in Hong Kong on 8 August 1981, and moved to Vancouver in 1995.	Jenny Pat	8 August 1981
date of birth	Justin Simien (born 7 May 1983) is an American filmmaker, actor, and author.	Justin Simien	7 May 1983
date of birth	Jason Culina (Croatian: Jason Čulina, pronounced (t͡ʃǔlina); born 5 August 1980) is a former Australian football (soccer) player.	Jason Culina	5 August 1980
date of birth	Deshamanya Dr. Tissaweera Nihal Jinasena (born on 13 July 1940) is a Sri Lankan industrialist and sportsman.	Nihal Jinasena	13 July 1940
date of birth	Rahima Banu Begum (Bengali: রহিমা বানু বেগুম; born 1973) is the last known person to have been infected with naturally occurring Variola major smallpox, the more deadly variety of the disease.	Rahima Banu	1973
date of birth	Svein-Erik Stiansen (born 6 May 1942) is a Norwegian former speed skater.	Svein-Erik Stiansen	6 May 1942
date of birth	Paul Kerrigan (born 16 December 1986) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a right wing-forward for the Cork senior team.	Paul Kerrigan	16 December 1986
date of birth	Barbara Randolph (5 May 1942 -- 15 July 2002), also known as Barbara Ann Sanders, was an African American singer and actress who recorded for Motown Records in the 1960s.	Barbara Randolph	5 May 1942
date of birth	Norman Laird (1906--28 April 1970) was a doctor and unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Norman Laird	1906
date of birth	Ferrante Amendola (1664-1724) was an Italian historical painter, active in Naples.	Ferrante Amendola	1664
date of birth	Brian Godding (born 19 August 1945, Monmouth, South Wales) is a pop, rock and jazz guitarist.	Brian Godding	19 August 1945
date of birth	Themba Mnguni (born 16 December 1973) is a retired South African football played who played mostly for Mamelodi Sundowns and Supersport United.	Themba Mnguni	16 December 1973
date of birth	Michael Enn Sirvet (born 1967) is an American sculptor, designer, and structural engineer.	Michael Enn Sirvet	1967
date of birth	Mohamed Rashed Daoud Al-Owhali (born 18 January 1977) is a British born Saudi terrorist and is one of the four former al-Qaeda members sentenced in 2001 to life without parole for their parts in the 1998 United States embassy bombings.	Mohamed Rashed Daoud Al-Owhali	18 January 1977
date of birth	Robert Docker (5 June 1918 -- 9 May 1992) was an English composer, arranger and pianist, especially noted for his orchestral arrangements and original light music compositions.	Robert Docker	5 June 1918
date of birth	Zafir Patel (born 14 September 1992, full name Zafir Rashid Patel) is an Indian cricketer who played his only First-class match for Leeds/Bradford MCCU against Leicestershire.	Zafir Patel	14 September 1992
date of birth	Victor Covalenco (born 26 October 1975) is a Moldovan decathlete and a two-time Olympian for his native country.	Victor Covalenco	26 October 1975
date of birth	Neil Reynolds (1940 -- May 19, 2013) was a Canadian journalist, editor and one-time politician.	Neil Reynolds	1940
date of birth	Brian McGilligan (Irish: Brian Mac Giollagáin; born 19 December 1963) is a former dual GAA player, who is most notable for being a Gaelic footballer for the Derry senior football team in the 1980s and 1990s, especially the 1993 team.	Brian McGilligan	19 December 1963
date of birth	Nolan Gerard Funk (born 28 July 1986) is a Canadian actor, singer, and dancer, known for portraying Hunter Clarington in the musical comedy-drama television series Glee, Collin Jennings in the comedy-drama television series Awkward, and Conrad Birdie in the 2009 Broadway revival of the musical Bye Bye Birdie.	Nolan Gerard Funk	28 July 1986
date of birth	Jack Wunhym (31 May 1908 -- 23 July 1965) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Wunhym	31 May 1908
date of birth	Harvey Shore (born 14 February 1947) is an Australian film and television writer-producer.	Harvey Shore	14 February 1947
date of birth	Catherine Bruhier (born 31 May 1972) is an actress and film-maker.	Catherine Bruhier	31 May 1972
date of birth	Henry H. Krusekopf (1886--1979) was a leading expert on soil, spending 48 years as a professor and researcher in the College of Agriculture at the University of Missouri, where he was also a founding member of FarmHouse fraternity.	Henry H. Krusekopf	1886
date of birth	Jenny Davidson (born 1971) is an American historian and writer who writes about 18th-century literature, etiquette and culture.	Jenny Davidson	1971
date of birth	Brenda Reid (born 1945) was the lead singer of the group The Exciters and is best known for her lead vocals in the (U.S. #4) single ``Tell Him''.	Brenda Reid	1945
date of birth	Duane Cole (1915--2004) was an American Aerobatic pilot.	Duane Cole	1915
date of birth	Theophilus Andrews (ca. 1623 -- 1670) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659.	Theophilus Andrews	1623
date of birth	Fernando Cento (10 August 1883 -- 13 January 1973) was a Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Major Penitentiary of Apostolic Penitentiary.	Fernando Cento	10 August 1883
date of birth	Nils Magnus Roosmann (born Bjurström; 11 June 1963 in Söder in Stockholm (grew up in Lessebo)) is a Swedish actor.	Magnus Roosmann	11 June 1963
date of birth	David Condon (born 1974) is an American politician who currently serves as the Mayor of Spokane, Washington, having served since 2012.	David Condon	1974
date of birth	Archie Irvine (born 25 June 1946) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Airdrie, Sheffield Wednesday, Doncaster Rovers and Scunthorpe United.	Archie Irvine	25 June 1946
date of birth	Mary Carter Smith (1919 -- April 24, 2007) was a noted American educator helped revive storytelling as an educational tool.	Mary Carter Smith	1919
date of birth	Duarte Coelho Pereira (c. 1485 -- August 7, 1554) was a nobleman, military leader, and colonial administrator in the Portuguese colony of Brazil.	Duarte Coelho	1485
date of birth	Francesco Darosio (1744 -- 1788) was an Italian painter and engraver, active in Cremona and Rome.	Francesco Darosio	1744
date of birth	Gregory Atta born Michael Atta (born 14 April 1815 in Zahle, Lebanon - died on 3 December 1899 in Damascus, Syria) was a bishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Homs, church historian and collector of antique manuscripts.	Gregory Atta	1815
date of birth	Jameela Jamil (born 25 February 1986) is an English television presenter, radio presenter and model.	Jameela Jamil	25 February 1986
date of birth	Captain Patrick D. Tyrrell (c. 1831--April 3, 1920) was an Irish American detective of the United States Secret Service who, as head of the field office in Chicago, became involved in foiling a plot to steal the remains of President Abraham Lincoln on November 7, 1876.	Patrick D. Tyrrell	1831
date of birth	Ben Oxenbould (born 2 March 1969) is an Australian actor and comedian, best known for his work in the Australian film and television industry.	Ben Oxenbould	2 March 1969
date of birth	Mikey Georgeson (born 1967) is an artist, working in various media.	Mikey Georgeson	1967
date of birth	Prodromos Bodosakis-Athanasiadis (1890-1979) was one of the most important figures in 20th century Greek industrial history.	Prodromos Bodosakis-Athanasiadis	1890
date of birth	Du Ruhui (585--630), courtesy name Keming, posthumously known as Duke Cheng of Lai, was a Chinese official who served as a chancellor under Emperor Taizong in the early Tang dynasty.	Du Ruhui	585
date of birth	Adrian Diaconu (born 9 June 1978) is a Romanian former professional boxer who held the WBC light heavyweight title.	Adrian Diaconu	9 June 1978
date of birth	JB Simmons (born 1 July 1917) is a former Royal Indian Navy officer.	JB Simmons	1 July 1917
date of birth	Kariyawasam Tirana Gamage Dhammika Prasad (born 30 May 1983 in Ragama), or simply Dhammika Prasad, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer.	Dhammika Prasad	30 May 1983
date of birth	Father Michael Martin Clancy OSA (1868--1931) was an Irish-Australian Roman Catholic priest.	Michael Martin Clancy	1868
date of birth	Paul Janz (born 1951) is a Canadian theologian, and formerly a prominent singer-songwriter of pop rock music in the mainstream and contemporary Christian markets.	Paul Janz	1951
date of birth	Levi Newton Breed, known as L.N. Breed, nicknamed Newt, (1831--1894) was an active and early American participant in 19th Century California, where he helped organize Lassen County and was a member of the Los Angeles Common Council, the governing body of that city.	Levi Newton Breed	1831
date of birth	Bjørn Barth (born 22 March 1931 -- 1 May 2014) was a Norwegian diplomat.	Bjørn Barth	22 March 1931
date of birth	Bryan Hunt is an American sculptor who was born in Terre Haute, Indiana on June 7, 1947.	Bryan Hunt	1947
date of birth	Maxime Laheurte (born 20 May 1985) is a French nordic combined athlete who has competed since 2002.	Maxime Laheurte	20 May 1985
date of birth	Edith Burroughs (born 1939) was a pro bowler who was born in Union Springs, Alabama.	Edith Burroughs	1939
date of birth	Justina Vail Evans (née Vail, previously credited as Justina Vail) (born 20 August 1963) is a British actress, life coach, author and hypnotherapist.	Justina Vail Evans	20 August 1963
date of birth	Frank Bramley RA (6 May 1857 -- 9 August 1915) was an English post-impressionist genre painter of the Newlyn School.	Frank Bramley	6 May 1857
date of birth	Carl Critchlow (born 1963) is a British fantasy and science fiction comic illustrator.	Carl Critchlow	1963
date of birth	Seksan Sukpimai (Thai: เสกสรรค์ ศุขพิมาย -- born 7 August 1974) also known as by the stage name Sek Loso (เสก โลโซ).	Seksan Sukpimai	7 August 1974
date of birth	Osmund Ueland (born 27 September 1947) is a Norwegian civil servant and former CEO of Norges Statsbaner (NSB).	Osmund Ueland	27 September 1947
date of birth	Drissa Diallo was born in Mauritania on 4 January 1973 but has French nationality.	Drissa Diallo	4 January 1973
date of birth	Norm Jordan (30 August 1888 -- 8 November 1966) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Jordan	30 August 1888
date of birth	Pio Bosco Tikoisuva (born 1947 in Taveuni), is a former Fijian rugby player and diplomat.	Pio Bosco Tikoisuva	1947
date of birth	Howard Stableford (born 12 April 1959) is a television and radio presenter.	Howard Stableford	12 April 1959
date of birth	Arthur Becker-Neetz (31 December 1920), born Arthur Becker, was a German officer in World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Arthur Becker-Neetz	31 December 1920
date of birth	Juliet Winters Carpenter (born 1948) is an American translator of modern Japanese literature.	Juliet Winters Carpenter	1948
date of birth	Pa Konate (born 25 April 1994) is a Swedish footballer.	Pa Konate	25 April 1994
date of birth	Ghizlane Samir (born 3 August 1976) is a French inline speed skater.	Ghizlane Samir	3 August 1976
date of birth	Doreen Wells, Marchioness of Londonderry (born 25 June 1937) is a British former ballet dancer.	Doreen Wells	25 June 1937
date of birth	Robert Garth Pettitt (14 August 1932--29 May 1992) was a British civil servant in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, and subsequently worked at the Overseas Development Authority.	Garth Pettitt	14 August 1932
date of birth	Amanda Simpson (born 1961) is the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy.	Amanda Simpson	1961
date of birth	Guðmundur Kristjánsson (born 1 March 1989) is an Icelandic football player, currently playing for Norwegian club Start, having previously played for Icelandic football club Breiðablik.	Guðmundur Kristjánsson	1 March 1989
date of birth	Kaisyn Shuvayevich Kuliev or Qaysin Quli (Russian: Кайсын Шуваевич Кулиев, tr. Kaisyn Shuvayevich Kuliyev; Karachay-Balkar: Къулийланы Шууаны жашы Къайсын, tr. Quliylanı Şuwanı caşı Qaysın; 1 November 1917 -- 4 June, 1985) was a Balkar poet.	Qaysin Quli	1 November 1917
date of birth	Per Hannevold, born 1953, is a member of the Bergen Woodwind Quintet and has been principal bassoon of the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra since 1979.	Per Hannevold	1953
date of birth	Cathy O'Dowd (born in 1968) is a South African rock climber, mountaineer, author and motivational speaker, famous for being the first woman to reach the summit of Mount Everest from both south (25 May 1996) and north sides (29 May 1999).	Cathy O'Dowd	1968
date of birth	Jaffer Hussain Meraj (born 1960) is MLA from Nampally constituency and he was Deputy Mayor of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation from 2009 to 2012.	Jaffer Hussain	1960
date of birth	Sajan Fernando born (28 November 1986) in Sri Jayawardenapura Kotte was a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Sajan Fernando	28 November 1986
date of birth	Auguste Davezac (May, 1780 -- February 15, 1851) was an American diplomat who served twice as United States Ambassador to the Netherlands.	Auguste Davezac	May, 1780
date of birth	Emily Wu (巫一毛 Wu Yimao), born 3 June 1958 in Beijing, is a Chinese-American writer whose short stories have appeared in magazines and newspapers, and in an anthology of poetry and prose.	Emily Wu	1958
date of birth	Wu Jiaxiang (simplified Chinese: 吴稼祥; traditional Chinese: 吳稼祥; pinyin: Wú Jiàxiáng; born 7 October 1955) is a Chinese scholar, writer, and public intellectual.	Wu Jiaxiang	7 October 1955
date of birth	Nenad Veselji (born 3 February 1971) is a retired footballer.	Nenad Veselji	3 February 1971
date of birth	Gideon Patt (Hebrew: גדעון פת‎, born 22 February 1933) is a former Israeli politician who served in several ministerial positions between the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Gideon Patt	22 February 1933
date of birth	Simon Kane (born 9 October 1967 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former race car driver, but now works as a sound technician in television.	Simon Kane	9 October 1967
date of birth	Juan Crisóstomo Álvarez (1819 -- February 17, 1852) was an Argentine military man.	Juan Crisóstomo Álvarez	1819
date of birth	Slaven Bilić (pronounced (slâʋen bǐːlit͡ɕ); born 11 September 1968) is a retired Croatian professional footballer and current manager of English club West Ham United.	Slaven Bilić	11 September 1968
date of birth	Javed Ahmed (born 10 February 1960) is a Pakistani American businessman, currently chief executive of Tate & Lyle plc, a British-based multinational agribusiness.	Javed Ahmed	10 February 1960
date of birth	Jeremy Bulloch (born 16 February 1945) is an English actor best known for the role of the bounty hunter Boba Fett in the original Star Wars trilogy.	Jeremy Bulloch	16 February 1945
date of birth	Jean Nelissen (2 June 1936, Geleen -- 1 September 2010, Maastricht) was a Dutch sports journalist.	Jean Nelissen	2 June 1936
date of birth	Paul Dougherty (born 12 May 1966 in Leamington Spa) is an English former professional footballer and football coach who began his career with Wolverhampton Wanderers in England.	Paul Dougherty	12 May 1966
date of birth	Samantha Rowley is a British actress and model born on 30 January 1988.	Samantha Rowley	30 January 1988
date of birth	Emma Claesson (née Engstrand; born 14 December 1977) is a Swedish orienteering competitor from Borlänge.	Emma Claesson	14 December 1977
date of birth	Sibby Flowers (born 1963) was an Olympic style weightlifter for the United States.	Sibby Flowers	1963
date of birth	George Winston Roddick, CB, QC (born 2 October 1940 in Caernarfon), is a Welsh barrister, and the Police and Crime Commissioner for North Wales Police.	Winston Roddick	2 October 1940
date of birth	Kel Kodheli (also known as Kel Marubi) (1870--1940) was an Albanian photographer.	Kel Marubi	1870
date of birth	Ted Barris (born July 12, 1949 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian writer, journalist, professor and broadcaster.	Ted Barris	1949
date of birth	Agata Trzebuchowska (Polish pronunciation: (aˈgata tʂɛbuˈxɔfska); born 1992) is a Polish actress.	Agata Trzebuchowska	1992
date of birth	Lysandros Georgamlis (Greek: Λύσανδρος Γεωργαμλής; born 25 February 1962) is a former international Greek footballer, and current assistand manager of Atromitos F.C..	Lysandros Georgamlis	25 February 1962
date of birth	Hester van Eeghen (born 11 November 1958, Amsterdam) is a Dutch designer of leather bags, wallets and accessories.	Hester van Eeghen	11 November 1958
date of birth	Garrett Epps (born 1950 in Richmond, Virginia) is an American legal scholar, novelist, and journalist.	Garrett Epps	1950
date of birth	Hannie Lips (16 July 1924 -- 19 November 2012) born as Hannah Phillips, was a Dutch broadcaster and television announcer of among others Dutch public broadcasting association KRO.	Hannie Lips	16 July 1924
date of birth	Ken Minyard (born in 1939) is a radio personality.	Ken Minyard	1939
date of birth	Peter John Wilson was born on 4 May 1869 in Melbourne, the second son of Peter John Wilson (1840-1911), a lawyer, and Elizabeth Jane (née McGuire).	Peter John Wilson	4 May 1869
date of birth	Deepa Kaul (born 12 April 1944, London) is an Indian politician and social worker who served as a legislator and cabinet minister in the government of Uttar Pradesh.	Deepa Kaul	12 April 1944
date of birth	Demetrio Franco (Albanian: Dhimitër Frëngu; 1443--1525) was an Albanian scholar, soldier and Catholic priest.	Demetrio Franco	1443
date of birth	Blessed Giuseppe Nascimbeni (22 March 1851 -- 22 January 1922) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who exercised his pastoral mission in his home of Verona and who also established the Little Sisters of the Holy Family.	Giuseppe Nascimbeni	22 March 1851
date of birth	Steve Seargeant (born 2 January 1951) is an English retired professional footballer who played in England and the United States as a left back.	Steve Seargeant	2 January 1951
date of birth	Willy Schwarz (born 8 December 1906 in Göttingen, died 1982) was a German physician and anatomist, who was Professor and held the second chair in anatomy at the Free University of Berlin from 1966 to 1976.	Willy Schwarz	8 December 1906
date of birth	Zhu Hailun (Chinese: 朱海仑; pinyin: Zhū Hǎilún; born January 1958) is a Chinese politician, serving since September 2009 as the Communist Party Secretary of Urumqi, the capital of the Xinjiang region.	Zhu Hailun	1958
date of birth	Božo Milić (Cyrillic: Божо Милић; born 10 October 1981) is a Montenegrin professional footballer.	Božo Milić	10 October 1981
date of birth	Yale Kamisar (born August 29, 1929) is the Clarence Darrow Distinguished University Professor of Law Emeritus and Professor Emeritus of Law at the University of Michigan Law School.	Yale Kamisar	1929
date of birth	Blake Mueller (born 10 March 1982 in Belmont, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer.	Blake Mueller	10 March 1982
date of birth	Stephen Trombley (Born Star Lake, New York, 8 December 1954) is an American author, filmmaker and musician.	Stephen Trombley	8 December 1954
date of birth	Franz Hummel (born 2 January 1939) is a German composer and pianist.	Franz Hummel	2 January 1939
date of birth	Giovanni Moscardini (1897--1985), also known as Johnny Moscardini, was an Italian Scottish footballer who played for Lucchese, Pisa, Genoa and Italy.	Giovanni Moscardini	1897
date of birth	Bert Hubbard (born Albert Hubbard, 29 June 1927) is an American synchronized swimmer, choreographer and coach.	Bert Hubbard	29 June 1927
date of birth	Yigal Ravid (born 13 August 1957) is an Israeli radio and television presenter, he hosted the 1999 Eurovision Song Contest following the victory of Dana International the year before.	Yigal Ravid	13 August 1957
date of birth	Rod Beattie (born 1948) is a Canadian actor who is best known for performing the Wingfield Series of plays by Dan Needles.	Rod Beattie	1948
date of birth	Umakant Sharma (born in 1982) is an Indian chess player who in 2006 was banned from playing competitive chess for ten years due to cheating.	Umakant Sharma	1982
date of birth	Maximilian Güll (born 5 January 1995) is a German footballer currently playing for Borussia Dortmund II in the 3.	Maximilian Güll	5 January 1995
date of birth	Diego Hernández de Serpa (c. 1510 -- May 10, 1570) was a Spanish conquistador and explorer, who under the patronage of Philip II of Spain was part of the European conquest and colonization of the New Andalusia Province (Venezuela region) in northern South America.	Diego Hernández de Serpa	1510
date of birth	Jass Bhatia (born Jaskaran Singh Bhatia on 29 June 1988) is an Indian actor and model.	Jass Bhatia	29 June 1988
date of birth	Aljoša Čampara (20 January 1975) is a Bosniak politician who currently serves as Minister of Internal Affairs of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Aljoša Čampara	20 January 1975
date of birth	Reg Gulley (born 1969) is an Australian Liberal National politician who was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Murrumba from 2012 to 2015, having defeated Dean Wells at the 2012 state election.	Reg Gulley	1969
date of birth	Geneviève Bélanger (born 24 December 1987 in Laval, Quebec) is a retired Canadian competitor in synchronized swimming.	Geneviève Bélanger	24 December 1987
date of birth	John Dardis (born 25 July 1945) is a former Irish Progressive Democrats politician who server as a senator from 1989 to 2007.	John Dardis	25 July 1945
date of birth	Eugeniusz Molski (born in 1942 in Bagienice, Masovian Voivodeship) is a contemporary Polish artist, painter and sculptor.	Eugeniusz Molski	1942
date of birth	Fazal Malik Akif (Urdu: فضل مالك عاکف‎) (born 22 October 1947) is a Pashto singer and songwriter, who gained popularity in the 1970s for introducing a modern and eclectic twist to traditional Pashto folk compositions.	Fazal Malik Akif	22 October 1947
date of birth	Mario Edison Giménez (born 5 April 1981 in Pedro Juan Caballero) is a Paraguayan footballer that currently plays for Colombian Primera A side Itagüí as striker.	Edison Giménez	5 April 1981
date of birth	Justice P. Chandra Reddy or Palagani Chandra Reddy (1 July 1904--7 October 1976) was an Indian judge.	P. Chandra Reddy	1 July 1904
date of birth	Matthew Klam (born 1964) is an American short-story writer and essayist.	Matthew Klam	1964
date of birth	Ulrike Koch (born 1950) is a German sinologist and film maker.	Ulrike Koch	1950
date of birth	Joe McShane (29 November 1868 - 26 July 1950) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League.	Joe McShane	29 November 1868
date of birth	Baek Yongseong Jinjong (Korean: 용성 진종, Hanja: 龍城 震鍾, 1864--1940) was an important Korean Buddhist master who helped propagate Buddhism in Korea.	Yongseong	1864
date of birth	Ermina Zaenah (b. 11 November 1928) is an Indonesian film actress and producer active in the 1950s and 1960s.	Ermina Zaenah	11 November 1928
date of birth	Sir Thomas Hopsonn (1642 -- 1717) was an English naval officer.	Thomas Hopsonn	1642
date of birth	Semeli Economou (born 28 April 1976), also known as Santa Semeli, is an actress, director, writer, producer, poet, performer and musician.	Semeli Economou	28 April 1976
date of birth	Leonie Elliott (born 15 April 1988) is an English actress, best known for her role as Judy Samuels in the British film Wondrous Oblivion.	Leonie Elliott	15 April 1988
date of birth	Yamini Reddy (born 1 September 1982) is Indian classical dancer, a kuchipudi exponent.	Yamini Reddy	1 September 1982
date of birth	Gabriel Chiramel (born 11 December 1914) is an Indian priest, educationist, scholar, author and social reformer, known for his services in the fields of education, health and human welfare.	Gabriel Chiramel	11 December 1914
date of birth	Denis Glavina (pronounced (deːnis ɡlaʋina); born 3 March 1986) is a Croatian professional footballer.	Denis Glavina	3 March 1986
date of birth	María Paz Bascuñán Aylwin (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpað βaskuˈɲan), 2 June 1975), commonly known as Paz Bascuñán, is a Chilean theatre, film and television actress.	Paz Bascuñán	2 June 1975
date of birth	Steen Hildebrandt (born in 1944) is a Danish academic and author on business, organizational theory and management.	Steen Hildebrandt	1944
date of birth	Þórarinn Ingi Valdimarsson (anglicized Thorarinn Ingi Valdimarsson) (born 23 April 1990) is an Icelandic footballer who plays for FH.	Þórarinn Ingi Valdimarsson	23 April 1990
date of birth	Norm Clarke (born 1942 in Terry, Montana) is an American gossip columnist for the Las Vegas Review-Journal in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Norm Clarke	1942
date of birth	Hector Heathwood (born 1957 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a photographer of erotica, fetish and burlesque.	Hector Heathwood	1957
date of birth	Gergely Palágyi (born 19 February 1979) is a Hungarian hurdler who specializes in the 110 metres hurdles.	Gergely Palágyi	19 February 1979
date of birth	The elder surviving son of Sir Alfred Yarrow 1st Bt, an English shipbuilder and founder of the shipping dynasty Yarrow Shipbuilders, Harold Yarrow was born on 11 August 1884 in London and educated at Bedford School.	Harold Yarrow	11 August 1884
date of birth	Marcel, full name Marcel Silva Andrade (born 10 August 1981) is a Brazilian footballer.	Marcel Silva Andrade	10 August 1981
date of birth	Arthur Barnard (born 10 March 1929) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the 110 metre hurdles.	Arthur Barnard	10 March 1929
date of birth	K. S. S. Nambooripad (born 6 April 1935) is an Indian mathematician who has made fundamental contributions to the structure theory of regular semigroups.	K. S. S. Nambooripad	6 April 1935
date of birth	Li Qihong (simplified Chinese: 李启红; traditional Chinese: 李啟紅; pinyin: Lǐ Qǐhóng; born April 1954 in Zhongshan, Guangdong) is the current Deputy Secretary of CPC Zhongshan Committee and mayor of Zhongshan.	Li Qihong	April 1954
date of birth	Renate Voglsang (born 10 June 1971 in Munich, Germany) is an Austrian Olympic dressage rider.	Renate Voglsang	10 June 1971
date of birth	Garry McIntosh (born 16 March 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Norwood in the South Australian Football League (SANFL) during the 1980s and 90s.	Garry McIntosh	16 March 1964
date of birth	Colin Whatmough (1950 -- January 4, 2011) was a creator of loudspeaker designs and the proprietor of Whatmough Monitors, an Australian manufacturer of audio equipment.	Colin Whatmough	1950
date of birth	Joseph Stroud, (born 1943, Glendale, California) is an American poet.	Joseph Stroud	1943
date of birth	Michael Ashburner FRS (born 23 May 1942) is a biologist and emeritus Professor in the Department of Genetics at University of Cambridge.	Michael Ashburner	23 May 1942
date of birth	Terrence Wall (born 1964) is a real estate developer in Madison, Wisconsin with over thirty years of experience in the field.	Terrence Wall	1964
date of birth	Edward Jack Butcher (28 October 1914 -- 26 February 1978) was a player for Geelong and South Melbourne in the VFL between 1938 and 1945.	Jack Butcher	28 October 1914
date of birth	John Alkin (born 17 January 1947 in Rugby, Warwickshire) is an English actor turned spiritual healer.	John Alkin	17 January 1947
date of birth	Anthony Waichulis (born 1972) is a contemporary Trompe L'Oeil painter from rural Northeastern Pennsylvania.	Anthony Waichulis	1972
date of birth	Alena and Ninel Karpovich (Belarusian: Алёна Карповіч, Нінэль Карповіч; born on 3 March 1985 in Minsk, Byelorussian SSR, USSR) are a Belarusian twin sister musical duo that are current members of the pop group 3+2 that represented Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo.	Alena and Ninel Karpovich	3 March 1985
date of birth	Sylvia Gerrish (May, 1860 -- December 8, 1906) was an American musical theatre performer who found success in New York and London in the 1880s and early 1890s.	Sylvia Gerrish	May, 1860
date of birth	Inder Kumar (born 26 August 1973) is an actor best known for playing supporting roles in Bollywood films such as Wanted (2009).	Inder Kumar	26 August 1973
date of birth	Lana Morris, born Averil Maureen Anita Morris (11 March 1930 -- 28 May 1998) was a British film, stage and television actress during the 1950s and 1960s.	Lana Morris	11 March 1930
date of birth	Nicola Bertram (born 13 January 1966) is a British actress, best known for her roles in British television's longest running soap opera Coronation Street, ITV's The Bill, the BBC's Eastenders, Panorama, and the film, Green Street Hooligans 2 among other roles.	Nicola Bertram	13 January 1966
date of birth	Christian Poswiat (born 26 June 1968) is a German swimmer who won two bronze medals in medley relays at the 1987 European Aquatics Championships and 1991 World Aquatics Championships.	Christian Poswiat	26 June 1968
date of birth	Marie Neurath, born Marie Reidemeister (27 May 1898 -- 10 October 1986), was a member of the team that developed the Vienna Method of Pictorial Statistics (Wiener Methode der Bildstatistik), which she later renamed Isotype.	Marie Neurath	27 May 1898
date of birth	Stuart Ashen (born 16 December 1976), commonly known by his online alias Ashens /ˈæʃənz/, is a British reviewer of various (usually poor quality) products, comedian, animator and actor.	Stuart Ashen	16 December 1976
date of birth	Maximilian Auffhammer (born 1973) is a UC-Berkeley based environmental economist who has produced some important forecasts of Chinese carbon dioxide releases.	Maximilian Auffhammer	1973
date of birth	Harvey Mackay (born 1932) is a businessman, author and syndicated columnist with Universal Uclick.	Harvey Mackay	1932
date of birth	Vijay Bahuguna (Hindi: विजय बहुगुणा; born 28 February 1947), is an Indian politician who served as the 6th Chief Minister of Uttarakhand.	Vijay Bahuguna	28 February 1947
date of birth	Gao Chai (Chinese: 高柴; pinyin: Gāo Chái; Wade--Giles: Kao Ch'ai; born 521 BC), courtesy name Zigao (Chinese: 子羔/子皋; pinyin: Zǐgāo; Wade--Giles: Tzu-kao), was one of the major disciples of Confucius.	Gao Chai	521
date of birth	Yrjö Halonen (23 May 1862, Kestilä - 11 August 1941) was a Finnish cantor, bank director and politician.	Yrjö Halonen	23 May 1862
date of birth	Seán Cummins (born 1985) is an Irish hurler who played as a substitute right corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.	Seán Cummins	1985
date of birth	Meir Sheetrit (Hebrew: מאיר שטרית‎, born 10 October 1948) is an Israeli politician.	Meir Sheetrit	10 October 1948
date of birth	Celso Valli (born 14 May 1950) is an Italian composer, conductor, arranger and record producer.	Celso Valli	14 May 1950
date of birth	San Fu Maltha (born 17 July 1958) is a Dutch film producer and film distributor.	San Fu Maltha	17 July 1958
date of birth	Tom Blower (1914--1955) was a British man who on 27--28 July 1947 became the first to successfully swim the North Channel between Ireland and Scotland, completing the feat in 15 hours and 26 minutes.	Tom Blower	1914
date of birth	Anne Hope (1809--1887), née Anne Fulton, was an English historian.	Anne Hope	1809
date of birth	Gordon Angus Deayton (/ˈdiːtən/; born 6 January 1956), known professionally as Angus Deayton, is an English actor, writer, musician, comedian, and broadcaster.	Angus Deayton	6 January 1956
date of birth	Janet Gurwitch (born 1954) is the co-founder (with Gary Kusin) of Gurwitch Products, manufacturer of Laura Mercier Cosmetics.	Janet Gurwitch	1954
date of birth	Maurice Gourdault-Montagne CMG, CVO (born on 16 November 1953) is a career diplomat and the current French Ambassador to China.	Maurice Gourdault-Montagne	16 November 1953
date of birth	Momčilo Cemović (Момчило Цемовић) (1928, Berane, Zeta Banovina, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes - 2001, Podgorica, FR Yugoslavia) was the President of the Executive Council of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro in 1978-1982.	Momčilo Cemović	1928
date of birth	William L'Isle (also Lisle) (1569--1637) was an English antiquary and scholar of Anglo-Saxon literature.	William L'Isle	1569
date of birth	William Doris (15 April 1860 - 13 September 1926) was an Irish politician, Member of Parliament, and co-founder of The Mayo News.	William Doris	15 April 1860
date of birth	Vincenzo Cecere (Aversa, 1897 - 1955) was an Italian painter, active in a Realist style.	Vincenzo Cecere	1897
date of birth	Philippe Rousselot (born 4 September 1945) is a French director of photography.	Philippe Rousselot	4 September 1945
date of birth	Andreas Hüsser (born 10 February 1954) is a retired Swiss sidecarcross passenger and dual Sidecarcross World Champion, having won the competition in 1988 and 1989 as passenger of Christoph Hüsser, his older twin brother.	Andreas Hüsser	10 February 1954
date of birth	Andy Morton (1882-1950) was a pioneering Australian rugby league footballer of the 1900s and 1910s.	Andy Morton	1882
date of birth	Richard Kalvar (born 1944, Brooklyn, New York) is an American photographer who has been associated with Magnum Photos since 1975.	Richard Kalvar	1944
date of birth	Harun Isa (Macedonian: Харун Иса) (born 21 June 1969) is a former Albanian-Macedonian footballer.	Harun Isa	21 June 1969
date of birth	Vijay Kumar Malhotra (born 3 December 1931) is an Indian politician and a sport administrator.	Vijay Kumar Malhotra	3 December 1931
date of birth	Luca-Milan Zander (born 9 August 1995) is a German footballer who plays as a full-back for Werder Bremen II in the 3.	Luca-Milan Zander	9 August 1995
date of birth	Jacopino da Tradate (c. 1371 -- 1445) Tradate, was an Italian Gothic sculptor active in Lombardy and the County of Savoy.	Jacopino da Tradate	1371
date of birth	Sven Otto Birkeland (born 10 February 1948) is a former Norwegian footballer from Kristiansand.	Sven Otto Birkeland	10 February 1948
date of birth	Jeremy Kleiner is a film producer born in 1976.	Jeremy Kleiner	1976
date of birth	Tomás de Bhaldraithe (14 December 1916 -- 24 April 1996) was an Irish language scholar and lexicographer born Thomas MacDonagh Waldron in Limerick.	Tomás de Bhaldraithe	14 December 1916
date of birth	Mathew Martoma (born May 18, 1974 as Ajai Mathew Mariamdani Thomas) is an American former hedge fund trader.	Mathew Martoma	1974
date of birth	Vardan Voskanyan (Armenian: Վարդան Ոսկանյան , born 1 January 1972 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian judoka.	Vardan Voskanyan	1 January 1972
date of birth	Robert Roy Pool (born 1953) is an American screenwriter, best known for his authorship of the motion pictures Outbreak (1995), starring Dustin Hoffman, and The Big Town (1987), starring Matt Dillon.	Robert Roy Pool	1953
date of birth	Rev. James Douglas Tytler, commonly referred to as J. D. Tytler, (born 1902 -- died 1973) was an Indian educationist of Scottish descent.	J. D. Tytler	1902
date of birth	Ignazia Graziella Grace, usually known as Grace Grace (born 12 August 1958) is an Australian politician who represents the electoral district of Brisbane Central in the Queensland Legislative Assembly.	Grace Grace	12 August 1958
date of birth	Albert Charles Peale (1 April 1849 -- 5 December 1914) was an American geologist, mineralogist and paleobotanist.	Albert Charles Peale	1 April 1849
date of birth	Nick Evangelista (b. 1949) is a fencing master, author, and magazine publisher.	Nick Evangelista	1949
date of birth	Jermaine Fagan also known as Prince (born 24 September 1978) is a reggae musician.	Jermaine Fagan	24 September 1978
date of birth	Nikola Manojlović (born 1 December 1981) is a Serbian handballer who plays for German Handball-Bundesliga team Rhein-Neckar Löwen and the Serbian national team.	Nikola Manojlović	1 December 1981
date of birth	William Challen (born 21 March 1786 in Pulborough, Sussex; died ?) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Sussex who was active in the 1810s.	William Challen	21 March 1786
date of birth	Firdaus Kanga (born 1960, Bombay) is a writer and actor who lives in London.	Firdaus Kanga	1960
date of birth	János Cserni (born Budapest, 1971) is a Hungarian judge and journalist, the founding member of Galamus, a left-wing Hungarian online newspaper.	János Cserni	1971
date of birth	Yin Zizhong (Chinese: 尹自重; pinyin: Yǐn Zìzhòng; 1903 -- May 10, 1985), also transliterated as Che Chung Wan, Wan-Chi Chung, Zheng Zhisheng, was a popular Chinese musician during the New Culture Movement of the 1910s and 1920s in China.	Yin Zizhong	1903
date of birth	Giuseppe Lo Schiavo (born 3 September 1986) is an Italian-born visual artist based in London.	Giuseppe Lo Schiavo	3 September 1986
date of birth	Gary Howlett (born 2 April 1963) is a former Irish international footballer and member of Brighton & Hove Albion's 1983 FA Cup final team.	Gary Howlett	2 April 1963
date of birth	Dankler Luis de Jesus Pereira (born 24 January 1992), commonly known as Dankler, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a center back for Joinville Esporte Clube, on loan from Botafogo.	Dankler	24 January 1992
date of birth	Philippe Bühler (born 29 November 1981) aka Philippe Heithier (named after his mother's birth name) is a German singer, songwriter, dancer, record producer and manager.	Philippe Bühler	29 November 1981
date of birth	John Rhea (1753--May 27, 1832) was an American soldier and politician of the early 19th century who represented Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives.	John Rhea	1753
date of birth	Amy Hung (Chinese: 洪沁慧, Pinyin: Hóng Qìnhuì, Wade-Giles: Hung Chih-Huei) (born 7 March 1980) is a professional golfer on the LPGA Tour.	Amy Hung	7 March 1980
date of birth	Said Mohammad Sammour (Arabic: سعيد محمد سمور‎) (born 1950) is a Syrian military officer and politician who served as interior minister.	Said Mohammad Sammour	1950
date of birth	Hida Viloria (born May 1968) is a Latinx intersex American writer, activist and author of the upcoming memoir Born Both (Hatchette Book Group, January 2017).	Hida Viloria	May 1968
date of birth	Marjan Sekulovski (Macedonian: Марјан Секуловски; born 13 March 1973) is a football coach from the Republic of Macedonia who was recently coached Yangon United in Myanmar.	Marjan Sekulovski	13 March 1973
date of birth	Alcindo Martha de Freitas (born 31 March 1945), known simply as Alcindo, is a former Brazilian football striker.	Alcindo	31 March 1945
date of birth	Chih-yu Shih (Chinese: 石之瑜; born 8 August 1958) is a political science professor in Taiwan and National Chair Professor of the Republic of China.	Chih-yu Shih	8 August 1958
date of birth	Gouri Choudhury (Bengali: গৌরী চৌধুরী; born May 1964) is a Bangladeshi-born British singer and music teacher.	Gouri Choudhury	1964
date of birth	Tamsin Morwenna Banks (born 20 September 1961) is an English comedy actress, writer and producer known for her role as Mummy Pig, Madame Gazelle and Dr Hamster in the children's series Peppa Pig.	Morwenna Banks	September 1961
date of birth	Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche (Tibetan: རྫོགས་ཆེན་ར་ཉག་དཔལ་སྤྲུལ་རིན་པོ་ཆེ, Wylie: rdzogs chen ra nyag dpal sprul rin po che) (born 1963) is a Tibetan lama, teacher and author in the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism.	Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche	1963
date of birth	James O'Donnell Quinn (1906 -- ??) was a Scottish-born miner and political figure in British Columbia.	James O'Donnell Quinn	1906
date of birth	Evelina Mambetova (Ukrainian: Евеліна Мамбетова; born 1991) is a Ukrainian model of Crimean Tatar descent.	Evelina Mambetova	1991
date of birth	Ken Landgraf (born 1950) is an American comic book artist and commercial illustrator.	Ken Landgraf	1950
date of birth	Moreover, according to Zata, considered the most accurate chronicle for the dates of the best-known Pagan and Ava kings, Kyansittha was born on 21 July 1030, and was about 19 years older than Sawlu.	Kyansittha	21 July 1030
date of birth	Romanos I Lekapenos or Lakapenos (Greek: Ρωμανός Α΄ Λακαπηνός, Rōmanos I Lakapēnos; c. 870 -- June 15, 948), Latinized as Romanus I Lecapenus, was an Armenian who became a Byzantine naval commander and reigned as Byzantine Emperor from 920 until his deposition on December 16, 944.	Romanos I Lekapenos	870
date of birth	Guillermo Murray (born 15 June 1927) is an Argentine film and television actor who has spent much of his career working in Mexico.	Guillermo Murray	15 June 1927
date of birth	Miriam David FRSA FAcSS (born 9 August 1945) is a British educator.	Miriam David	9 August 1945
date of birth	Elisabeth Thorsell (born 15 August 1945) is a Swedish writer, professional genealogist and a veteran within the Swedish genealogical movement.	Elisabeth Thorsell	15 August 1945
date of birth	Christer-André Cederberg (born 22 May 1979) is a Norwegian Music producer, mixer, audio engineer, and musician.	Christer-André Cederberg	22 May 1979
date of birth	Ane Mærsk Mc-Kinney Uggla (born 3 July 1948), often referred to as Ane Uggla, is a Danish business executive and the youngest daughter of Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller.	Ane Mærsk Mc-Kinney Uggla	3 July 1948
date of birth	Otylia Jędrzejczak ( listen ) (born 13 December 1983) is a Polish swimmer.	Otylia Jędrzejczak	13 December 1983
date of birth	Sir William Beilby Avery, 1st Baronet (26 April 1854 -- 28 October 1908) was a British philatelist who was entered on the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921 as one of the fathers of philately, and was the senior partner in W. & T. Avery, weighing machine makers of Birmingham.	William Beilby Avery	26 April 1854
date of birth	Eugenio Gret (born 1901, date of death unknown) was an Argentine cyclist.	Eugenio Gret	1901
date of birth	Khumukcham Sanjita Chanu (born 2 January 1994) is an Indian weightlifter who won gold medal in the women's 48 kg weight class at the 2014 Commonwealth Games at Glasgow.	Khumukcham Sanjita Chanu	2 January 1994
date of birth	Mohammad Reza Gharaei (Persian: محمد رضا قرایی) (born 1980) is an Iranian Strongman, and powerlifter.	Reza Gharaei	1980
date of birth	Gunde Svan (born 12 January 1962 in Dala-Järna, Dalarna County) is a former Swedish cross-country skier and auto racing driver.	Gunde Svan	12 January 1962
date of birth	Torgeir Rebolledo Pedersen (born 3 August 1949) is a Norwegian architect, poet and playwright.	Torgeir Rebolledo Pedersen	3 August 1949
date of birth	Gowru Charitha Reddy (4 August 1971) is an Indian politician from Andhra Pradesh, India.	Gowru Charitha Reddy	4 August 1971
date of birth	Hozan Alan Senauke (born 1947) is a Soto Zen priest, folk musician and poet residing at the Berkeley Zen Center (BZC) in Berkeley, California, where he currently serves as Vice Abbot.	Alan Senauke	1947
date of birth	Mark Valera (previously Mark van Krevel) (born 24 April 1979) was convicted in 2000 of the gruesome murders of David O'Hearn and Frank Arkell at Wollongong, New South Wales.	Mark Valera	24 April 1979
date of birth	Les Hill (born 1 August 1973) is an Australian actor who has appeared in many Australian television productions including Rescue:	Les Hill	1 August 1973
date of birth	Philippe Vlerick (born 8 June 1955), is a Belgian businessman.	Philippe Vlerick	8 June 1955
date of birth	Yann Kersalé (born 17 February 1955) is a French conceptual artist who works with light.	Yann Kersalé	17 February 1955
date of birth	Ivica Obrvan (born 2 June 1966) is a Croatian handball coach of the Macedonian national team and Chambéry Savoie Handball.	Ivica Obrvan	2 June 1966
date of birth	Morley Bartnoff born in 1959, is a Los Angeles, California-born keyboardist, guitarist, songwriter, and composer who has been performing and recording for the past 30 years.	Morley Bartnoff	1959
date of birth	Korbett Matthews (1972) is a documentary filmmaker and media educator based in Montreal, Canada.	Korbett Matthews	1972
date of birth	Rachel Lachowicz (born 1964) is an American artist based in Los Angeles, California.	Rachel Lachowicz	1964
date of birth	Dronamraju Satyanarayana (19 December 1933 - 2006) was an Indian politician and member of both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha in Indian Parliament.	Dronamraju Satyanarayana	19 December 1933
date of birth	C. Peter Erlinder (born 1948) is an American lawyer, originally from Chicago, who lives in St. Paul, Minnesota.	Peter Erlinder	1948
date of birth	Bishop Edward Nolan (1793-1837) was the Roman Catholic bishop in Kildare and Leighlin from 1834 until his death in 1837.	Edward Nolan	1793
date of birth	Teet Kask (born 8 May 1968 in Pärnu) is an Estonian choreographer.	Teet Kask	8 May 1968
date of birth	Christoph Friedrich Hegelmaier (4 September 1833 -- 26 May 1906) was a German physician and botanist who was a native of Sulzbach, Baden-Württemberg.	Christoph Friedrich Hegelmaier	4 September 1833
date of birth	Alberta Neiswanger Hall (born 1870), also known as Alberta N. Burton, was an American composer of children's songs and books.	Alberta Neiswanger Hall	1870
date of birth	Radovan Ničić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радован Ничић) (born 1971) was the first President of the Assembly of the Community and Municipalities of the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija since 28 June 2008.	Radovan Ničić	1971
date of birth	Gail Dines (born 29 July 1958) is Professor of Sociology and Women's Studies at Wheelock College in Boston, Massachusetts.	Gail Dines	29 July 1958
date of birth	Ibrahima Faye (born 22 October 1979) is a Senegalese professional football (soccer) player, currently as a free agent.	Ibrahima Faye	22 October 1979
date of birth	Michael Kort (born 1944) is an American historian, academic, and author who studies and has written extensively about the history of the Soviet Union.	Michael Kort	1944
date of birth	Shemsu Hassan (born 1968) is an Ethiopian former racewalker.	Shemsu Hassan	1968
date of birth	Dr. Norman Bekkedahl (1903-1986) was Deputy Chief of the Polymers Division at the Institute for Materials Research of the National Bureau of Standards.	Norman Bekkedahl	1903
date of birth	George Croghan (c. 1718 -- August 31, 1782) was an Irish-born fur trader in the Ohio Country of North America (current United States) who became the region's key figure earlier than his 1746 appointment to the Iroquois' Onondaga Council and remained so until his banishment from the frontier in 1777.	George Croghan	1718
date of birth	Tatsuo Inagaki (born 3 July 1962) is a Japanese contemporary artist and Professor at Hosei University.	Tatsuo Inagaki	3 July 1962
date of birth	Stanislav Galić (Serbian Cyrillic: Станислав Галић; born 12 March 1943) is a Bosnian Serb soldier and former commander of the Sarajevo-Romanija Corps of the Army of Republika Srpska (VRS) during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stanislav Galić	12 March 1943
date of birth	Julio César Frade Pintos, better known as Julio Frade (born 31 January 1943 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan pianist, actor, comedian and radio host.	Julio Frade	31 January 1943
date of birth	Charles Crawford Davis (c. 1893--1966) was an American audio engineer known for his innovations in the motion picture industry.	Charles Crawford Davis	1893
date of birth	Per Spett (born August 24, 1985 in Jukkasjärvi) is a Swedish freestyle skier, musician, specializing in moguls.	Per Spett	1985
date of birth	Syne Mitchell (born 1970) is an American novelist in the science fiction genre.	Syne Mitchell	1970
date of birth	Stephen Whittington (born 13 August 1953) is an Australian composer, pianist, teacher and writer on music.	Stephen Whittington	13 August 1953
date of birth	Abdelsalam al-Majali ( pronunciation AHB-duhl sah-LAM al mah-JAH-lee Arabic: عبد السلام المجالي; born April 1925‎) is a Jordanian physician and politician who served twice as the prime minister of Jordan.	Abdelsalam al-Majali	1925
date of birth	Dr. Harikrishna Prasad Gupta Agrahari (born 25 February 1950, Parsauni Bhatta, Nepal) (Hindi: डॉ हरिकृष्ण प्रसाद गुप्ता अग्रहरि) is a well known Hindi and Nepali language poet in modern generation of Hindi poetry.	Harikrishna Prasad Gupta Agrahari	25 February 1950
date of birth	Somkid Jatusripitak (Thai: สมคิด จาตุศรีพิทักษ์, rtgs: Somkhit Chatusiphithak, Chinese: 曾汉光; born 15 July 1953) is a Thai economist, business theorist, and politician.	Somkid Jatusripitak	15 July 1953
date of birth	András Rédli (born on 5 November 1983) is a Hungarian épée fencer.	András Rédli	5 November 1983
date of birth	Ibrahim Fawal (born 1933) is a Palestinian-American academic, former professor, and author of the historical novel On the Hills of God, about the experiences of a young Palestinian man during the Nakba, or ``catastrophe'' of 1948.	Ibrahim Fawal	1933
date of birth	Adrian Rawlins (born 27 March 1958) is an English actor who is probably best known for playing Arthur Kidd in The Woman in Black (1989) and James Potter in the Harry Potter films.	Adrian Rawlins	27 March 1958
date of birth	Erik Fuglestad (born 13 August 1974) is a Norwegian former professional footballer and is currently head coach of Randaberg.	Erik Fuglestad	13 August 1974
date of birth	Carol Jacobs (born c. 1950) is a former American othello player.	Carol Jacobs	1950
date of birth	Benjamin Hough (1773 -- September 4, 1819) was the second State Auditor of the U.S. State of Ohio from 1808 to 1815.	Benjamin Hough	1773
date of birth	Nakis Avgerinos (Greek: Νάκης Αυγερινός, 1911 -- November 4, 2002) was a Greek politician.	Nakis Avgerinos	1911
date of birth	Agnes Bluhm (9 January 1862 -- 12 November 1943) was a German winner of a Goethe medal.	Agnes Bluhm	9 January 1862
date of birth	Ulrich Makosch (17 March 1933 -- 16 May 2008) was a German print and, more particularly as his career progressed, television journalist.	Ulrich Makosch	17 March 1933
date of birth	Susan Kay (born 1952) is a British writer, the author of two award-winning novels:	Susan Kay	1952
date of birth	Sandhya Mridul (born 28 March 1975) is an Indian actress who appears in Bollywood films and television.	Sandhya Mridul	28 March 1975
date of birth	Erkki Johan Bäckman (born 18 May 1971) is a Finnish political activist, author and legal sociologist.	Johan Bäckman	18 May 1971
date of birth	Giovanni Felice (Sliema 21 January 1899 -- Sliema 16 March 1977) was a Maltese politician.	Giovanni Felice	21 January 1899
date of birth	Mikołaj Krzysztof Sapieha (Lithuanian: Mykalojus Kristupas Sapiega) (1613--1639) of Lis coat of arms, was the Voivode of Nowogródek (1618--38), Voivode of Mińsk (1638--39), Notary of Lithuania since 1637 in the Polish--	Mikołaj Krzysztof Sapieha	1613
date of birth	Francis Morse, M.A. born 18 May 1818, died 18 September 1886 was a priest in the Church of England.	Francis Morse	18 May 1818
date of birth	Andrew Snape (1675--1742) was an English cleric, academic and headmaster, provost of King's College, Cambridge from 1719.	Andrew Snape	1675
date of birth	Henri van Laun (1820-19 Jan 1896) was a writer, translator and teacher of French.	Henri van Laun	1820
date of birth	Janne Westerlund (born 1973) is a Finnish musician, songwriter and visual artist known from such Finnish groups as Circle (with the band since 2001), Pharaoh Overlord, and Plain Ride.	Janne Westerlund	1973
date of birth	Mr. Askar Baitassov (born 25 September 1984) is a Kazakh entrepreneur and restaurateur.	Askar Baitassov	25 September 1984
date of birth	Petr Mlsna (born 13 November 1978) is a Czech politician, who served as Head of the Government Legislative Council and Minister without Portfolio of the Czech Republic from December 2012 to July 2013.	Petr Mlsna	13 November 1978
date of birth	Ian Napa (born 14 March 1978) is a British boxer originally from Zimbabwe but now living in London.	Ian Napa	14 March 1978
date of birth	Abdullah Almalki ( المهندس عبدالله المالكي) (born 1971) is a Syrian-Canadian engineer who was imprisoned and tortured for two years in a Syrian jail after Canadian officials falsely indicated to the Syrian authorities and other countries that he was a terrorist threat.	Abdullah Almalki	1971
date of birth	S. Scott Bartchy (born 9 November 1936 in Canton, Ohio) is a New Testament scholar and member of The Context Group, a group of biblical scholars committed to using social-scientific interpretative methods.	S. Scott Bartchy	9 November 1936
date of birth	Augustus Laver (born the 19th or 20 September 1834 - died 27 March 1898) was a Canadian architect.	Augustus Laver	20 September 1834
date of birth	Fjalar Þorgeirsson (born 18 January 1977) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays for Valur in the Icelandic Úrvalsdeild.	Fjalar Þorgeirsson	18 January 1977
date of birth	Mariano Barreto (born 18 January 1957) is a Portuguese football manager who most recently coached the Ethiopia national football team.	Mariano Barreto	18 January 1957
date of birth	Eddie Miró (born 1936 in Humacao, Puerto Rico), is a television show host in Puerto Rico of Sephardic origin.	Eddie Miró	1936
date of birth	Donald Adamson (born 30 March 1939) is a British literary scholar, historian and biographer.	Donald Adamson	30 March 1939
date of birth	Magaji Muhammed (born 31 December 1940) headed the Nigerian Federal Ministry of Internal Affairs until the June 2006 cabinet reshuffle, when he was replaced by Oluyemi Adeniji.	Magaji Muhammed	31 December 1940
date of birth	Daniel Pick (born 1960) is a British historian, psychoanalyst, university teacher, writer and occasional broadcaster.	Daniel Pick	1960
date of birth	Christian Diener (born 3 June 1993) is a German backstroke swimmer.	Christian Diener	3 June 1993
date of birth	Morgan Dennis (1892 -- October 22, 1960) was an American illustrator and author known primarily for his paintings of dogs.	Morgan Dennis	1892
date of birth	Thomas Shortt FRSE FRCPE (1788--1843) was a Scottish physician.	Thomas Shortt	1788
date of birth	Tala Gray (born 28 February 1990) is an Australian Rugby Union player who currently plays as a loose forward for the Stade Toulousain (France) in Top 14 after a couple of games for Waratahs in Super Rugby.	Tala Gray	28 February 1990
date of birth	Elaine Proctor (born 1960) is a South African film director, screenwriter, novelist, and actress.	Elaine Proctor	1960
date of birth	Jocimar Nascimento (born 18 January 1979), also known as Lambiru, is a Brazilian football player.	Jocimar Nascimento	18 January 1979
date of birth	Mikael Lai Rasmussen (born 1 May 1973 in Denmark) is a Danish rugby player who plays for Aarhus RK.	Mikael Lai Rasmussen	1 May 1973
date of birth	Isaac Babalola Akinyele, KBE (18 April 1882 -- 30 May 1964) was the first educated Olubadan (non-hereditary traditional ruler) of Ibadan, and the second Christian to ascend the throne.	Isaac Babalola Akinyele	18 April 1882
date of birth	Sha-ri Pendleton (born 1963) is a former world class hurdler, javelin thrower, and aspiring bodybuilder of the mid, and late 1980s.	Sha-ri Pendleton	1963
date of birth	Photios Kalpidis (Greek: Φώτιος Καλπίδης, 1862--1906) or Photios of Korytsa was the Greek Orthodox metropolitan bishop of Korçë, Ottoman Empire, from 1902 to 1906.	Photios of Korytsa	1862
date of birth	David Mor (Hebrew: דוד מור‎, born 21 September 1941) is an Israeli businessman and former politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Likud in 1988.	David Mor	21 September 1941
date of birth	Sir Granville Bantock (7 August 1868 -- 16 October 1946) was a British composer of classical music.	Granville Bantock	7 August 1868
date of birth	Jussi Veikkanen (born 29 March 1981) is a Finnish road racing cyclist, with the FDJ team.	Jussi Veikkanen	29 March 1981
date of birth	Karel Štěch (1908--1982) was a famous Czech landscape painter, graphic designer, woodcutter, and illustrator popular during the Communist era of Czechoslovakia.	Karel Štěch	1908
date of birth	James Henry Esmond Dorney born on 17 September 1906 to parents Marie Louise Kiernan and James Henry Dorney in Melbourne, Victoria and spent most of his teenage life at their family home in Elwood.	Esmond Dorney	17 September 1906
date of birth	Dmitrii Nikolaevich Taliev (28 May 1908 - 2 July 1952) was a Soviet Russian ichthyologist and limnologist, notable for his work on the Lake Baikal.	Dmitrii Nikolaevich Taliev	28 May 1908
date of birth	Gregory Shorter, Jr. (born 1979-1980), better known by his stage name Ras G, is an instrumental hip hop producer and DJ from Los Angeles, California.	Ras G	1979
date of birth	Peter Donolo (born October 1959) is a communications and political strategist.	Peter Donolo	October 1959
date of birth	Mark Archdeacon (born 9 October 1989) is a football player currently playing for Scottish Junior team Dalry Thistle.	Mark Archdeacon	9 October 1989
date of birth	Rory McCann (born 24 April 1969) is a Scottish actor best known for portraying Sandor ``The Hound'' Clegane on the HBO series Game of Thrones.	Rory McCann	24 April 1969
date of birth	Alexander Frank (Cyrillic: Александр Александрович Франк, romanized: Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Frank; born 23 September 1982) is a German footballer of Tajik origin, who plays for FC Dornbreite Lübeck.	Alexander Frank	23 September 1982
date of birth	Positive K (sometimes stylized as +K) (born Darryl Gibson on August 8, 1967) is an American emcee and songwriter from the Bronx, New York City, New York, and one of the original artists of the First Priority Music camp.	Positive K	1967
date of birth	Heath Culpitt (born 16 February 1978) is an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Australian Football League.	Heath Culpitt	16 February 1978
date of birth	Nathan Jameson (born 20 March 1985) is an English footballer who played in the Football League for Darlington.	Nathan Jameson	20 March 1985
date of birth	Omar al-Tikriti (Arabic: عمر التكريتي‎, born ca. 1970) is the son of Sabawi Ibrahim al-Tikriti and nephew of Saddam Hussein.	Omar al-Tikriti	1970
date of birth	Gottfried Dienst (9 September 1919 -- 1 June 1998) was a Swiss football referee who was born in Basle.	Gottfried Dienst	9 September 1919
date of birth	Oleg Hromțov (born 30 May 1983) is a footballer who has played as a midfielder for clubs in Moldova, Ukraine, Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Armenia and Azerbaijan.	Oleg Hromțov	30 May 1983
date of birth	Mehdi Favéris-Essadi (20 January 1977 -- 13 September 2011) better known by his stage name DJ Mehdi, was a French hip hop and house producer.	DJ Mehdi	20 January 1977
date of birth	Louis Victor Allis (born 19 May 1965, Gemert) is a Dutch computer scientist working in the artificial intelligence (AI) field.	Victor Allis	19 May 1965
date of birth	Sidney Hayers (24 August 1921 -- 8 February 2000) was a British film and television director, writer and producer.	Sidney Hayers	24 August 1921
date of birth	Laurie Mithen (born 15 April 1934) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the VFL during their successful period in the late 1950s under Norm Smith.	Laurie Mithen	15 April 1934
date of birth	Gabriele Moncini (born 26 April 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian club Prato on loan from Serie B club Cesena.	Gabriele Moncini	26 April 1996
date of birth	Pierce M. Barron (1830 -- November 4, 1887) was a tavern owner and political figure in Newfoundland.	Pierce M. Barron	1830
date of birth	Dr. Tommy Sihotang S.H., LL.M (born 3 December 1957) is a noted Indonesian lawyer of Batak descent.	Tommy Sihotang	3 December 1957
date of birth	Neven Pajkić (Serbian Cyrillic: Невен Пајкић, born 25 August 1977) is a Canadian heavyweight boxer.	Neven Pajkić	25 August 1977
date of birth	Jules Horne (born 1963) is a Scottish playwright, radio dramatist and fiction writer.	Jules Horne	1963
date of birth	Marc Bolland (born 28 March 1959) is a Dutch businessman, who is the current CEO of Marks & Spencer, after having been CEO of UK supermarket company Morrisons	Marc Bolland	28 March 1959
date of birth	Mick Fealty (born 1959) is a communications consultant and founding editor of the Northern Ireland-based blog Slugger O'Toole.	Mick Fealty	1959
date of birth	Sergey Ostapchuk (Russian: Серге́й Остапчук; born 10 February 1976) is a retired Russian swimmer who won two bronze medals at the World and European championships in 1999.	Sergey Ostapchuk	10 February 1976
date of birth	Radivoj Božić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радивој Божић) (26 January 1912 -- 1948) was a Serbian Yugoslavia international football player.	Radivoj Božić	26 January 1912
date of birth	Zhang Yaokun (simplified Chinese: 张耀坤; traditional Chinese: 張耀坤; pinyin: Zhāng Yàokūn; born 17 April 1981) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League.	Zhang Yaokun	17 April 1981
date of birth	Henry Jaastad (1872--1965) was an influential Tucson, Arizona architect.	Henry Jaastad	1872
date of birth	Wiley F. Mitchell, Jr. (born 1932) is an attorney and former politician in Virginia.	Wiley F. Mitchell	1932
date of birth	Dragan Radojičić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaгaн Paдojичић, born 3 June 1970) is a Montenegrin football manager and former player.	Dragan Radojičić	3 June 1970
date of birth	Felix von Jascheroff (born 29 August 1982) is a German singer, actor and voice actor, best known for his portrayal of John Bachmann in the German soap opera Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten.	Felix von Jascheroff	29 August 1982
date of birth	Yohann Michel better known as Tyron Carter (born in Madagascar on 10 January 1985) is a French singer and rapper.	Tyron Carter	10 January 1985
date of birth	Nagnath S. Inamdar (Marathi: नागनाथ सं. इनामदार) (1923--2002) was a Marathi novelist whose career spanned almost five decades.	Nagnath S. Inamdar	1923
date of birth	Samuel Beníquez Méndez (born 1971 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican best known for being nominated for an Emmy Award in year 2012 and as a plaintiff in an adoption law case that rose to the Puerto Rico Supreme Court.	Samuel Beníquez	1971
date of birth	Linda McLean (born in 1957) is a Canadian musician, singer and songwriter.	Linda McLean	1957
date of birth	Neil Cochrane (born 4 January 1984 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish rugby union player who currently plays for Edinburgh and is the former captain of the Scotland under 21's.	Neil Cochrane	4 January 1984
date of birth	Dori Arad (Hebrew: דורי ארד‎, born 6 September 1982) was an Israeli footballer.	Dori Arad	6 September 1982
date of birth	Zhou Ben (周本) (862-February 3, 938), formally Prince Gonglie of Xiping (西平恭烈王), was a general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Wu (also known as Hongnong) and (briefly) Wu's successor state Southern Tang.	Zhou Ben	862
date of birth	Ioannis Gounaris (Greek: Γιάννης Γούναρης; born 6 July 1952) is a retired Greek footballer.	Ioannis Gounaris	6 July 1952
date of birth	Stefan Kießling (German pronunciation: (ˈʃtɛfan ˈkiːslɪŋ)) (born 25 January 1984) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for Bayer Leverkusen.	Stefan Kießling	25 January 1984
date of birth	José Alberto Benavides Castañeda (b. 27 November 1970) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PT. He currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the Federal District.	José Alberto Benavides	27 November 1970
date of birth	Karin Johansson, born 1986, is a Swedish sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s.	Karin Johansson	1986
date of birth	Majda Koren (born 12 March 1960) is a Slovene children's writer and teacher.	Majda Koren	12 March 1960
date of birth	Sarah Carter Edgarton Mayo (born in Shirley, Massachusetts, 17 March 1819; died in Gloucester, Massachusetts, 9 July 1848) was a United States author and editor.	Sarah Carter Edgarton Mayo	17 March 1819
date of birth	Marco Tencone (born 1967) is an Italian automotive and industrial designer, known for his design of Lancia concept cars.	Marco Tencone	1967
date of birth	John Longhurst (born 1940) was an organist for the Mormon Tabernacle Choir from 1977 through 2007.	John Longhurst	1940
date of birth	Derek Nassari (born 20 October 1971) is an English former footballer who played as a striker Nassari enjoyed one substitute appearance with Chester City in The Football League, when he replaced Sean Lundon in a 1--0 loss at Bury on 17 March 1990.	Derek Nassari	20 October 1971
date of birth	Igor Albert Rinck de Diver Camargo (born 12 May 1983), known as Igor de Camargo, is a Belgian-Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Genk.	Igor de Camargo	12 May 1983
date of birth	Johann Schobert (c. 1720, 1735 or 1740 -- 28 August 1767) was a composer and harpsichordist.	Johann Schobert	1720
date of birth	Inge Geerdens (born 15 September 1970) is a Flemish businesswoman, entrepreneur and founder and CEO of CVWarehouse.	Inge Geerdens	15 September 1970
date of birth	Henry Arana (1921 -- February 28, 2008) was a composer of popular songs who was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico and lived all but the last years of his life in Puerto Rico.	Henry Arana	1921
date of birth	Winston Francis (born 1948) aka King Cool is a Jamaican singer whose career began in the 1960s.	Winston Francis	1948
date of birth	Carlos Alberto Martínez de Murga Olaivar (born 30 November 1988), nicknamed Carli and commonly referred to as Carli de Murga, is a Spanish--	Carli de Murga	30 November 1988
date of birth	Will Eno (born 1965) is an American playwright based in Brooklyn, New York.	Will Eno	1965
date of birth	Ian Dickerson (born 1969) is a British writer, director and producer.	Ian Dickerson	1969
date of birth	Markus Raetz (born 6 June 1941) is a Swiss painter, illustrator and sculptor.	Markus Raetz	6 June 1941
date of birth	Jambuvijaya (1923--2009), also known as Muni Jambuvijayji Maharajsaheb, was a monk belonging to the Tapa Gaccha order of Svetambara sect of Jainism.	Jambuvijaya	1923
date of birth	Colonel Alexander Saunderson (1783--1857) was a Whig MP for Cavan 1826--1831.	Alexander Saunderson	1783
date of birth	Sir John Baptist Medina or John Baptiste de Medina (1659 -- 5 October 1710) was an artist of Flemish-Spanish origin who worked in England and Scotland, mostly as a portrait painter, though he was also the first illustrator of Paradise Lost by John Milton in 1688.	John Baptist Medina	1659
date of birth	Lindsay McKenzie (born 28 June 1985) is a Scottish actress who starred in BBC One children's show, Raven:	Lindsay McKenzie	28 June 1985
date of birth	Einar Henning Smebye (born 29 November 1950) is a Norwegian pianist and music teacher.	Einar Henning Smebye	29 November 1950
date of birth	Limbikani Mzava (born 12 November 1993) is a Malawian international footballer who plays in South Africa for Mpumalanga Black Aces, as a right back.	Limbikani Mzava	12 November 1993
date of birth	Kresimir Marusic (Croatian: Krešimir Marušić; born 23 November 1969) is a former Australian football player who played for several National Soccer League clubs, including Melbourne Knights, Sydney United, Carlton SC, Northern Spirit FC and Sydney Olympic.	Kresimir Marusic	23 November 1969
date of birth	John Cunningham Brown (1844 -- January 8, 1929) was an Irish-born newspaper owner and political figure in British Columbia.	John Cunningham Brown	1844
date of birth	Philip J. Purcell (born 1943) is the former Chairman and CEO of Morgan Stanley in the late 1990s and 2000s.	Philip J. Purcell	1943
date of birth	Vera Komarkova (Czech: Věra Komárková) (25 December 1942 - 25 May 2005) was a mountaineer and botanist who is most famous for being the first woman to summit Annapurna.	Vera Komarkova	25 December 1942
date of birth	Nukri Revishvili (Georgian: ნუკრი რევიშვილი; born 2 March 1987) is a Georgian footballer.	Nukri Revishvili	2 March 1987
date of birth	Peter Tanev (born 1968) is a Danish weather presenter who has been presenting weather forecasts for TV 2 since 1996.	Peter Tanev	1968
date of birth	Edmunds Vasiļjevs (born 20 February 1954) is retired Latvian professional ice-hockey player.	Edmunds Vasiļjevs	20 February 1954
date of birth	Maria Barbara of Salm (1570-1611), in France called Barbe de Salm, was a German-Roman monarch as Princess Abbess of the Imperial Remiremont Abbey in France.	Barbara of Salm	1570
date of birth	George H. Nelms (1905 -- September 17, 1999) was mayor of Ottawa from 1957 to 1960.	George H. Nelms	1905
date of birth	Koen van Nol (born 20 January 1974, in Amsterdam) is a Dutch judoka, or judo practitioner.	Koen van Nol	20 January 1974
date of birth	Stuart Raper (born 5 January 1965) is an Australian former professional rugby league player and coach.	Stuart Raper	5 January 1965
date of birth	Shirley Webb (born 28 September 1981) is a British former hammer thrower and performer in the Gladiators series.	Shirley Webb	28 September 1981
date of birth	Natalia Cooper (born 1984) is an Australian reporter and presenter.	Natalia Cooper	1984
date of birth	Adam Clydsdale (born 13 February 1993) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canberra Raiders in the National Rugby League.	Adam Clydsdale	13 February 1993
date of birth	Ko Hyung-jin (고형진; born 20 June 1982) is a South Korean football referee.	Ko Hyung-jin	20 June 1982
date of birth	Adam Crabb (born 1 June 1984) is an Australian professional baseball pitcher who played in the inaugural Israel Baseball League.	Adam Crabb	1 June 1984
date of birth	Mōkonami Sakae (born 5 April 1984 as Ganbold Bazarsad) is a former sumo wrestler from Mongolia.	Mōkonami Sakae	5 April 1984
date of birth	Itai Maggidi (Hebrew: איתי מגידי‎, born 9 January 1981) is an Israeli long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Itai Maggidi	9 January 1981
date of birth	McDonald Yobe (born 11 September 1981) is a retired Malawian footballer who played as a midfielder or striker.	McDonald Yobe	11 September 1981
date of birth	Krunoslav Lovrek (born 11 September 1979), also known as Kruno Lovrek is a Croatian footballer currently playing for Croatian second division side NK Sesvete.	Krunoslav Lovrek	11 September 1979
date of birth	Dr. Josué Francisco Trocado, KCSG (Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, 28 June 1882 - 8 December 1962) was a Portuguese composer.	Josué Francisco Trocado	28 June 1882
date of birth	George Blake (born George Behar 11 November 1922), is a former British spy who worked as a double agent for the Soviet Union.	George Blake	11 November 1922
date of birth	Ger Spillane (born 3 March 1981 in Ballygarvan, County Cork) is a member of the Cork inter-county Gaelic football team and is one of the Vodafone GAA All Stars for the 2006 season.	Ger Spillane	3 March 1981
date of birth	Norberto Pereira Marinho Neto (born 19 July 1990), simply known as Norberto, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Vitória.	Norberto Pereira Marinho Neto	19 July 1990
date of birth	Bojan Šarčević (pronounced (bɔ̌jan ʃǎːrtʃɛv̞itɕ); born 1974) is a visual artist.	Bojan Šarčević	1974
date of birth	Rebecca Jean Fink (née Smallbone; born 26 July 1977), known professionally as Rebecca Jean or Rebecca St. James is an Australian Christian pop rock singer, songwriter, musician, author, and actress.	Rebecca St. James	26 July 1977
date of birth	Ali Al Shami (born 1945) is a Shia Lebanese academic and a member of the Amal movement.	Ali Al Shami	1945
date of birth	Gary Ballance (born 1984) is a professional wrestler from Dublin, Ireland, who is better known by his ring name Bingo Ballance.	Bingo Ballance	1984
date of birth	Luis Fernando Rizo-Salom (6 December 1971 -- 21 July 2013) was a Colombian composer of contemporary classical music who lived and worked in Paris since 1999.	Luis Fernando Rizo-Salom	6 December 1971
date of birth	David Southwell (born 1971) is the author of a number of best-selling books on conspiracy theories and organized crime.	David Southwell	1971
date of birth	Josef Marek (born 11 June 1987) is a professional Czech football player who plays for FK Viktoria Žižkov.	Josef Marek	11 June 1987
date of birth	Mohammed Miari (Arabic: محمد ميعاري‎; Hebrew: מוחמד מיעארי‎, born 12 April 1939) is an Israeli Arab former politician who headed the Progressive List for Peace during the 1980s and early 1990s.	Mohammed Miari	12 April 1939
date of birth	Guy Bomanyama-Zandu (born 22 November 1972) is a filmmaker from the Zaire.	Guy Bomanyama-Zandu	22 November 1972
date of birth	Zhang Aojia, known by her stage name Shadow Zen, (born 16 August 1979) is a Chinese actress, singer, author and TV celebrity, who is well known as China's Musical Queen.	Shadow Zen	16 August 1979
date of birth	James McMullan (born June 1934) is an illustrator and designer of theatrical posters.	James McMullan	June 1934
date of birth	Neil Clerehan (born 29 December 1922 in Melbourne) is an Australian architect of six decade's standing.	Neil Clerehan	29 December 1922
date of birth	Máire Ní Chathasaigh (Irish pronunciation: (ˈmˠaːɾʲə nʲiː ˈxahəsˠəɟ)) (born 1956) is an Irish harpist and singer.	Máire Ní Chathasaigh	1956
date of birth	Edward Fitzmaurice Inglefield born on 10 April 1861 at Wavertree, near Liverpool, Lancashire, the youngest son of Edward Augustus Inglefield (1820--1894), Arctic explorer and Royal Navy admiral.	Edward Fitzmaurice Inglefield	10 April 1861
date of birth	Lola Edwards (McNaughton) (1946--2011) was a member of the Stolen Generations and was a founding member of Link-up (NSW).	Lola Edwards	1946
date of birth	Augie T. (born Augusto Tulba in 1968) is a Filipino/Caucasian comedian based in Hawaii.	Augie T.	1968
date of birth	Patsy Toh (Chinese: 卓一龙; pinyin: Zhuō Yīlóng; Wade--Giles: Cho I-lung; born 1940) is a Chinese-born pianist living in London, England.	Patsy Toh	1940
date of birth	Tommy Sandhu (born 24 November 1976) is a British DJ, remixer, producer and television presenter who shot to fame after he appeared on the dating game show Blind Date with Cilla Black.	Tommy Sandhu	24 November 1976
date of birth	Aasmund Brynildsen (16 October 1917 -- 19 June 1974) was a Norwegian essayist, biographer, magazine editor and publishing house consultant.	Aasmund Brynildsen	16 October 1917
date of birth	Macy Chan (Chinese: 陳美詩, born 22 February 1981) is a Hong Kong actress and singer.	Macy Chan	22 February 1981
date of birth	Benjamin Warren Couch (born 19 August 1873) was a New Hampshire lawyer and politician.	Benjamin Warren Couch	19 August 1873
date of birth	Paul-Gordon Chandler (born 1964) is an author, interfaith advocate, social entrepreneur, U.S. Episcopal priest, and an art curator and patron who has lived and worked extensively in the Middle East.	Paul-Gordon Chandler	1964
date of birth	Dante Caputo (born 25 November 1943) is an Argentine academic, diplomat and politician, who served as the nation's foreign minister under President Raúl Alfonsín.	Dante Caputo	25 November 1943
date of birth	Giuseppe Maria Orlandini (4 April 1676 -- 24 October 1760) was an Italian baroque composer particularly known for his more than 40 operas and intermezzos.	Giuseppe Maria Orlandini	4 April 1676
date of birth	Earl Spalding (born 11 March 1965 in South Perth) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and Carlton in the Victorian Football League/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Earl Spalding	11 March 1965
date of birth	Anya Wu (born 17 February 1977) is a Taiwanese-American model and actress.	Anya Wu	17 February 1977
date of birth	Undine Bremer, née Hartmann (born 30 June 1961, in Magdeburg) is a retired East German sprinter who competed mainly in the 400 metres.	Undine Bremer	30 June 1961
date of birth	Kjell-Olof Feldt is a Swedish Social Democratic politician, born 18 August 1931 in Holmsund.	Kjell-Olof Feldt	18 August 1931
date of birth	Timothy C. Stanceu (born 1951) is the Chief Judge for the United States Court of International Trade	Timothy C. Stanceu	1951
date of birth	Teo Gebert (born 2 September 1974) is an Australian actor who has appeared in numerous film, television and theatre roles, best known as a regular presenter of Play School.	Teo Gebert	2 September 1974
date of birth	Rani Rashmoni (Bengali: রানি রাসমণি, 1793--1861) was the founder of the Dakshineswar Kali Temple, Kolkata, and remained closely associated with Sri Ramakrishna Paramhansa after she appointed him as the priest of the temple.	Rani Rashmoni	1793
date of birth	Willie Ripia (born 20 August 1985) is a rugby union player.	Willie Ripia	20 August 1985
date of birth	Laishram Monika Devi (born 1 March 1983) is an Indian weightlifter from Manipur who won the silver medal in the Women's 69 kg category at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.	Monika Devi	1 March 1983
date of birth	Gunnar Bull Gundersen (5 April 1929 -- 7 November 1993) was a Norwegian sailor, novelist, playwright and lyricist.	Gunnar Bull Gundersen	5 April 1929
date of birth	Spirito Mario Viale (born 7 February 1882) was an Italian engineer was born in Turin, but did most of his important work in France and (in particular) the UK.	Spirito Mario Viale	7 February 1882
date of birth	Herbert Fux (25 March 1927 -- 13 March 2007) was an Austrian film actor and politician.	Herbert Fux	25 March 1927
date of birth	Lim Kit Siang (born 20 February 1941; Chinese: 林吉祥; pinyin: Lín Jíxiáng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lîm Kit-siâng) is a Malaysian politician and party leader.	Lim Kit Siang	20 February 1941
date of birth	Dan Rahmel (born 1972) is an American author best known for his work relating to Visual Basic and database servers.	Dan Rahmel	1972
date of birth	Awatef Abdel Karim (Arabic: عواطف عبدالكريم‎; born 1931) is an Egyptian composer of contemporary classical music.	Awatef Abdel Karim	1931
date of birth	Carl Pfaffmann (May 27, 1913 -- April 16, 1994) was an American physiological psychologist.	Carl Pfaffmann	1913
date of birth	Gaspar van den Hoecke (c. 1585--after 1648) was a Flemish Baroque painter of small devotional cabinet pieces in the manner of Frans Francken II. His sons Robert and Jan van den Hoecke were also painters.	Gaspar van den Hoecke	1585
date of birth	Gottfried Ungerboeck (born 15 March 1940, Vienna) is an Austrian communications engineer.	Gottfried Ungerboeck	15 March 1940
date of birth	Reg Burgess (born 6 August 1934) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 124 Victorian Football League (VFL) games for the Essendon Bombers.	Reg Burgess	6 August 1934
date of birth	Michaela Dolinová (born 16 March 1964 in Třinec, Czech Republic) is a Czech actress and TV presenter.	Michaela Dolinová	16 March 1964
date of birth	N. Rajam (born 1938) is an Indian violinist who performs Hindustani classical music.	N. Rajam	1938
date of birth	Eva Sallis (also Eva Hornung) (born 1964) is an Australian novelist.	Eva Sallis	1964
date of birth	Valerio Alesi (born 1966) is a former professional soccer player.	Valerio Alesi	1966
date of birth	Graham J. Zellick CBE FRSA QC (born 12 August 1948) was Vice-Chancellor of the University of London from 1997--2003 and previously Principal of Queen Mary and Westfield College of the University of London from 1991--98.	Graham J. Zellick	12 August 1948
date of birth	Winthrop Sargent Gilman (1808--1884) was head of the banking house of Gilman, Son & Co. in New York City.	Winthrop Sargent Gilman	1808
date of birth	Anto Antony Punnathaniyil (born 1956) is a newly elected member of the 15th Lok Sabha from the Pathanamthitta electoral district in Kerala.	Anto Antony	1956
date of birth	Colonel Sir Joseph Hewitt, 1st Baronet (14 October 1865 -- 8 February 1923) was an English solicitor and coal mine owner.	Joseph Hewitt	14 October 1865
date of birth	Reg Davidson (born 1954) is a Canadian First Nations carver and a member of the Haida nation.	Reg Davidson	1954
date of birth	Frank Hunting (8 March 1910 -- 22 December 1999) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Frank Hunting	8 March 1910
date of birth	Milton Kessler (1930 Brooklyn - 2000) was a poet and an English professor at Binghamton University.	Milton Kessler	1930
date of birth	William Ross Wallace (1819 -- May 5, 1881) was an American poet, with Scottish roots, best known for writing ``The Hand That Rocks The Cradle Is The Hand That Rules The World''.	William Ross Wallace	1819
date of birth	William Henry Noel Ferguson (6 December 1927 in Downpatrick, County Down -- 31 October 2007 ) usually known as Noel Ferguson, was an Irish cricketer.	Noel Ferguson	6 December 1927
date of birth	Jascha Spivakovsky (18 August 1896 -- 23 March 1970) was a Russian-Australian piano virtuoso of the 20th century.	Jascha Spivakovsky	18 August 1896
date of birth	Andy McAvoy (born 28 August 1979) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Blackburn Rovers, Hartlepool United, Macclesfield Town and Limerick F.C.	Andy McAvoy	28 August 1979
date of birth	Thierry Geoffroy (born 1961), also known as Colonel, is a Danish-French artist, living in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Thierry Geoffroy	1961
date of birth	Lyle Denniston (born 1931) is an American legal journalist, professor, and author, who has reported on the Supreme Court of the United States since 1958.	Lyle Denniston	1931
date of birth	Malachy Tallack (born 20 November 1980, Shetland) is a Scottish singer-songwriter and journalist.	Malachy Tallack	20 November 1980
date of birth	Gerry Northam (born 1947) is a BBC radio presenter and an investigative journalist.	Gerry Northam	1947
date of birth	Mark Victor Hansen (born January 8, 1948)is an American inspirational and motivational speaker, trainer and author.	Mark Victor Hansen	1948
date of birth	Harald Leth (5 January 1899 in Copenhagen -- 14 March 1986 in Ålsgårde) was a Danish painter whose Naturalistic work was inspired by Johannes Larsen of the Funen Painters and Oluf Høst of the Bornholm School.	Harald Leth	5 January 1899
date of birth	Atanu Roy (born 1952) is an Indian illustrator and cartoonist from New Delhi, who has illustrated more than a hundred books for children.	Atanu Roy	1952
date of birth	Gary Groth (born 1954) is an American comic book editor, publisher and critic.	Gary Groth	1954
date of birth	Lene Byberg (born 25 November 1982) is a Norwegian cross-country mountain biker, and former road bicycle racer.	Lene Byberg	25 November 1982
date of birth	Sir Robert Groves Sandeman, KCSI (1835--1892), Colonial British Indian officer and administrator, was the son of General Robert Turnbull Sandeman, and was born on 25 February 1835.	Robert Groves Sandeman	25 February 1835
date of birth	Anne McElvoy (born 25 June 1965) is a British journalist for The Economist and the London Evening Standard, and a broadcaster.	Anne McElvoy	25 June 1965
date of birth	Nasser Al-Shamrani (Arabic: ناصر الشمراني‎) (born 23 November 1983) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays for Al-Hilal.	Nasser Al-Shamrani	23 November 1983
date of birth	Aleksandr Yenko (born 17 August 1972) is a Moldovan athlete who specialized in the 110 metres hurdles.	Aleksandr Yenko	17 August 1972
date of birth	Nicholas Tarling (born 1931) is a historian, academic, and author.	Nicholas Tarling	1931
date of birth	Solveig Sollie (born 19 April 1939) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian People's Party, who served as parliamentary representative for Telemark 1985-1993.	Solveig Sollie	1939
date of birth	Molly Corbett Broad (born 1941) is the current president of the American Council on Education and the former president of the University of North Carolina.	Molly Corbett Broad	1941
date of birth	Kosta Savić (born 15 December 1987) is a Bosnian handball player who currently plays for Polish club Azoty - Pulawy.	Kosta Savić	15 December 1987
date of birth	Paul Rhys (born 19 December 1963) is a Welsh television, film and theatre actor.	Paul Rhys	19 December 1963
date of birth	Giulio Belli (ca. 1560 -- 1621 or later) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras.	Giulio Belli	1560
date of birth	Fabián Bordagaray (born 15 February 1987) is an Argentine football forward who currently plays for Caracas FC in Venezuelan Primera División.	Fabián Bordagaray	15 February 1987
date of birth	Baron Viktor Magnus von Born (8 October 1851, Helsinki - 15 September 1917) was a Finnish lawyer, farmer and politician.	Viktor Magnus von Born	8 October 1851
date of birth	Karol Dominik Przezdziecki (1782--1832) was a Polish count.	Karol Dominik Przezdziecki	1782
date of birth	Alain Fournier (1943--2000) was a computer graphics researcher.	Alain Fournier	1943
date of birth	Fritz Windgassen (9 February 1883 -- 17 April 1963) was a German Heldentenor and teacher.	Fritz Windgassen	9 February 1883
date of birth	Binlah Sonkalagiri (Thai: บินหลา สันกาลาคีรี, rtgs: Binla Sankalakhiri) is the pen-name of Thai author Wuthichat Choomsanit (วุฒิชาติ ชุ่มสนิท, born 1965).	Binlah Sonkalagiri	1965
date of birth	Khaled Choudhury (20 December 1919 -- 30 April 2014) was a theatre personality and artist of Bengal.	Khaled Choudhury	20 December 1919
date of birth	Mick Lonergan (born 1940) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full-back for the Tipperary senior team.	Mick Lonergan	1940
date of birth	Patrick Collison (born 9 September 1988), is an Irish entrepreneur from County Limerick.	Patrick Collison	9 September 1988
date of birth	Russell Senior (born 18 May 1961) is the guitarist and violinist of the band Pulp.	Russell Senior	18 May 1961
date of birth	Carolus Maneken or Carolus Virulus (or any of the spelling variations of the name, including Karel and Karolus for Carolus, Menneken, Mennicken or Meniken for Maneken, and Viruli for Virulus) (1419?-1493) was a professor at the Leuven University and the author of the Formulae Epistularum.	Carolus Maneken	1419
date of birth	Francis Scott, 2nd Earl of Buccleuch (21 December 1626 -- 22 November 1651) was the son of Walter Scott, 1st Earl of Buccleuch.	Francis Scott, 2nd Earl of Buccleuch	21 December 1626
date of birth	José Maria Antunes (27 July 1913 -- ?) was Portuguese footballer and a manager.	José Maria Antunes	27 July 1913
date of birth	Anneke Wills (born Anna Katarina Willys, 20 October 1941) is an English actress, best known for her role as the Doctor Who companion Polly in the long-running BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Anneke Wills	20 October 1941
date of birth	Godfrey Talbot OBE (8 October 1908 -- 2 September 2000) was an English broadcast journalist.	Godfrey Talbot	8 October 1908
date of birth	Alma Luz Villanueva (born 4 October 1944 Lompoc, California) is a Mexican-American poet, short story writer, and novelist.	Alma Luz Villanueva	4 October 1944
date of birth	Abubakar Olusola Saraki (17 May 1933 -- 14 November 2012) was a Nigerian politician, who was a Senator of the Nigerian Second Republic (1979-1983).	Abubakar Olusola Saraki	17 May 1933
date of birth	Raymond Longford (23 September 1878 -- 2 April 1959) was a prolific Australian film director, writer, producer and actor during the silent era.	Raymond Longford	23 September 1878
date of birth	Shalom Avitan (Hebrew: שלום אביטן‎; born 9 January 1951) is an Israeli former professional footballer that has played in Hapoel Be'er Sheva.	Shalom Avitan	9 January 1951
date of birth	Heather Nabozny (born 1970) is an American groundskeeper.	Heather Nabozny	1970
date of birth	José Mollá (born 1967) is an Argentine advertising executive who co-founded la comunidad -- an independent advertising agency with offices in Miami and Buenos Aires -- with his brother Joaquín Mollá.	José Mollá	1967
date of birth	Michail Korakas (Greek: Μιχαήλ Κόρακας, 1797--1884) was a Cretan revolutionary, who played a major role in successive Cretan revolts against the Ottoman Empire in 1821--29, 1841, 1858, 1866--69, and 1878.	Michail Korakas	1797
date of birth	Stacey B. Day (born 31 December 1927, London) is a British educator and physician.	Stacey B. Day	31 December 1927
date of birth	Jonathan Scott-Taylor (born 6 March 1962) is a Brazilian-born English former actor.	Jonathan Scott-Taylor	6 March 1962
date of birth	Tea Mäkipää (born 1973) is a Finnish artist known for her installations, architectural works and videos.	Tea Mäkipää	1973
date of birth	Olga Kaidantzi (Greek: Όλγα Καϊδαντζή; born 17 July 1979) is a Greek sprinter who specializes in 200 metres competitions.	Olga Kaidantzi	17 July 1979
date of birth	Zhang Boli (simplified Chinese: 张伯笠; traditional Chinese: 張伯笠; pinyin: Zhāng Bólì, born 1959) is a Chinese dissident.	Zhang Boli	1959
date of birth	Ramón García Martínez also known as Ramonzuelo (born 6 November 1905) was a Spanish footballer and football manager.	Ramonzuelo	6 November 1905
date of birth	Douglas E. Smith (28 October 1960 -- 7 September 2014) was a video game designer best known as the author of the 8-bit game Lode Runner (1983) considered a seminal work of the 1980s.	Douglas E. Smith	28 October 1960
date of birth	Ohan Demirgian, also called Habib Bey (14 January 1837-1877), was an Egyptian diplomat.	Ohan Demirgian	14 January 1837
date of birth	Jesús Pascual Babiloni Soler (born 13 November 1946 in Castellón de la Plana, Valencian Community), is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back.	Pascual Babiloni	13 November 1946
date of birth	Rhodri Thompson QC (born 5 May 1960) is an English barrister at Matrix Chambers.	Rhodri Thompson	5 May 1960
date of birth	Josh Mellington (born 29 December 1992) is an Australian rules footballer with the Fremantle Football Club, in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Josh Mellington	29 December 1992
date of birth	Paul B. Rothman (born 1958) is the Frances Watt Baker, M.D., and Lenox D. Baker Jr., M.D., Dean of the Medical Faculty, vice president for medicine of The Johns Hopkins University, and CEO of Johns Hopkins Medicine.	Paul B. Rothman	1958
date of birth	Boris Palatnik (born 1950 in Saint Petersburg, Russia) is a professional sculptor and creator of walking sticks.	Boris Palatnik	1950
date of birth	Nadiya Kazimirchuk-Fortunatova (Ukrainian: Надія Миколаївна Казімірчук-Фортунатова; born 27 September 1978) is a Ukrainian épée fencer, bronze medallist at the 2006 European Fencing Championships.	Nadiya Kazimirchuk	27 September 1978
date of birth	Veronika Chvojková (born 31 March 1987 in Benešov) is a Czech professional tennis player.	Veronika Chvojková	31 March 1987
date of birth	Hermine Riss (Vienna, 1903 -- ?) is an Austrian Righteous among the Nations.	Hermine Riss	1903
date of birth	Sasho Tatarchevski (born in Bitola, 1972) is a Macedonian conductor trained at the Faculty of Music in Skopje.	Sasho Tatarchevski	1972
date of birth	Max Schönherr (23 November 1903 -- 13 December 1984) was an Austrian composer, arranger and conductor.	Max Schönherr	23 November 1903
date of birth	Dr. Niko Miljanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Нико Миљанић) (1892--1957) a Serbian anatomist and surgeon, was one of the founders of the Belgrade Medical School, which is today part of the University of Belgrade, and has held the first lecture on the newly formed school on December 12, 1920.	Niko Miljanić	1892
date of birth	Simon Murray, CBE (born 25 March 1940) is a British businessman, adventurer, author, and former French Foreign Legionnaire.	Simon Murray	25 March 1940
date of birth	Alexander Wolfe (born 24 December 1981) is a musician and songwriter.	Alexander Wolfe	24 December 1981
date of birth	Ravi Krishna (born 2 March 1983) is an Indian actor who works in the Tamil and Telugu film industries.	Ravi Krishna	2 March 1983
date of birth	Mahmoud Badr (Arabic: محمود بدر‎; born 1985) is an Egyptian activist and journalist.	Mahmoud Badr	1985
date of birth	Darren Connell (born 3 February 1982) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker.	Darren Connell	3 February 1982
date of birth	Andy Till (born 22 August 1963) is a British former boxer who was British light middleweight champion and WBC International super welterweight champion in the early 1990s.	Andy Till	22 August 1963
date of birth	Anne Nymark Andersen (born 28 September 1972) is a former Norwegian footballer, world champion and Olympic medalist.	Anne Nymark Andersen	28 September 1972
date of birth	Lesley Lawson (née Hornby; born 19 September 1949), widely known by the nickname Twiggy, is an English model, actress and singer.	Twiggy	19 September 1949
date of birth	Nick Piombino (born October 5, 1942) is an American poet, essayist, artist and psychotherapist.	Nick Piombino	1942
date of birth	Art Bowker, born 1961 in Ohio, is an author and cybercrime specialist in corrections (pretrial, probation, and parole).	Art Bowker	1961
date of birth	Charles Jenny (born 1898, date of death unknown) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the early 1930s.	Charles Jenny	1898
date of birth	Michaela Gigon (born 21 March 1977) is an Austrian mountain bike orienteer and several times world champion.	Michaela Gigon	21 March 1977
date of birth	Amund Skiri (born 25 February 1978) is a Norwegian former footballer that played for Åndalsnes before he played for Aalesund and Vålerenga in Norwegian Premier League.	Amund Skiri	25 February 1978
date of birth	The Great Naga (born 24 May 1985) is a professional wrestler based in the United Kingdom.	The Great Naga	24 May 1985
date of birth	Carsten Niemitz (born 29 September 1945 in Dessau) is a German anatomist, ethologist, and human evolutionary biologist.	Carsten Niemitz	29 September 1945
date of birth	Julius (John) Murray Bartels (1872--1944), of New York City, was a dealer and auctioneer of rare postage stamps.	Julius (John) Murray Bartels	1872
date of birth	Johannes de Cleve (c. 1529 -- 14 July 1582) was a composer active at the court of Ferdinand I and Charles II. He was presumably born in the Duchy of Cleves, and recruited into the court as a choirboy in the same way as Lassus and many others.	Johannes de Cleve	1529
date of birth	M. P. Pandove (born 18 November 1945) is an Indian former first-class cricketer and cricket administrator.	M. P. Pandove	18 November 1945
date of birth	Aharon Ze'evi-Farkash (Hebrew: אהרן זאבי-פרקש‎) (born 1948) is an Israeli general.	Aharon Ze'evi-Farkash	1948
date of birth	Terrance Lindall (born 1944) is an American artist and the co-director and chief administrator of the Williamsburg Art and Historical Center in Brooklyn, New York.	Terrance Lindall	1944
date of birth	Relangi Narasimha Rao (30 September 1951) is an Indian film director and screenwriter predominantly known in Telugu cinema.	Relangi Narasimha Rao	30 September 1951
date of birth	Stan Nicholls (born 1949) is a British author and journalist, working full-time since 1981.	Stan Nicholls	1949
date of birth	Alina María Hernández (born Alberto, c. 1970), better known in the entertainment world as Cachita, is a Cuban transsexual television actress.	Alina María Hernández	1970
date of birth	Nabil Samad (born 9 October 1986) in Dhaka is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays first-class cricket for Sylhet Division.	Nabil Samad	9 October 1986
date of birth	Charles Harold St John Hornby (25 June 1867 - 1946) was a founding partner of W. H. Smith, deputy vice-chairman of the NSPCC, and founder and owner of the Ashendene Press.	St John Hornby	25 June 1867
date of birth	Jill Afrin (born 1962) is a psychiatrist who specializes in working with deaf populations in South Carolina, and is also credited as the first telepsychiatrist in the state.	Jill Afrin	1962
date of birth	Lydie Auvray (born 1956 in Langrune-sur-Mer in Département Calvados in Normandy) is a French accordionist, composer and singer.	Lydie Auvray	1956
date of birth	Viola Jimulla (1878--1966) was the Chief of the Prescott Yavapai tribe.	Viola Jimulla	1878
date of birth	James D. Marks (born 1961), known as Jamie Marks, is an investor, an inventor, an advocate for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) parents and their children, and is the former Chief Executive Officer of TheBody.com, a website he founded in 1995.	James D. Marks	1961
date of birth	Samuel Stearns (1741-1810), was an American astronomer, doctor, author and publisher.	Samuel Stearns	1741
date of birth	Neetzan Zimmerman (born 1981) is a blogger known for focusing on ``viral'' internet content.	Neetzan Zimmerman	1981
date of birth	Karsten Nied (born 8 August 1969) is a former German footballer who was part of the Hertha BSC reserve team that reached the 1992--93 DFB-Pokal final.	Karsten Nied	8 August 1969
date of birth	Alexander Guttenplan (born 8 June 1990) is a student primarily known as the captain of the team that won University Challenge in 2010, scoring 315 points to 100 against St John's College, Oxford, in the final.	Alexander Guttenplan	8 June 1990
date of birth	Whitney MacMillan (born September 25, 1929) is an American heir, businessman, philanthropist and rancher.	Whitney MacMillan	1929
date of birth	Gustav Krist (29 July 1894 -- 1937) was an Austrian adventurer, prisoner-of-war, carpet-dealer and author.	Gustav Krist	29 July 1894
date of birth	Zhu Yougui (朱友珪) (888? -- March 27, 913), nickname Yaoxi (遙喜), often known by his princely title Prince of Ying (郢王), was briefly an emperor of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Later Liang.	Zhu Yougui	888
date of birth	Bill Pittuck (born 13 July 1963) is a British strongman competitor, notable for having won both major British titles and having been a repeat competitor at the World's Strongest Man, as well as achieving a high standing in the World Muscle Power Classic.	Bill Pittuck	13 July 1963
date of birth	Karin Baal (born 19 September 1940), real name Karin Blauermel, is a German film actress.	Karin Baal	19 September 1940
date of birth	Enn Tarto (born on 25 September 1938 in Tartu) is an Estonian politician who was a leading dissident during the Soviet occupation of Estonia.	Enn Tarto	25 September 1938
date of birth	Claes Hugo Hansén (born 26 December 1972) a Swedish theatre director.	Hugo Hansén	26 December 1972
date of birth	Judy Fryd (31 October 1909 -- October 2000) was a British campaigner for mentally handicapped children and the founder of The National Association of Parents of Backward Children, now Mencap.	Judy Fryd	31 October 1909
date of birth	Karl Ducks (born 27 March 1944) in St Michael, Barbados, is a retired comedian.	Karl Ducks	27 March 1944
date of birth	David Noriega Rodríguez (1945 - May 4, 2013) was a Puerto Rican lawyer, politician, and political analyst.	David Noriega Rodríguez	1945
date of birth	Teddy Holland (born 1948 in Ballinascarty, County Cork) is an Irish former Gaelic football manager and former player.	Teddy Holland	1948
date of birth	George Sheringham (13 November 1884 -- 11 November 1937), was a British painter and theatre designer.	George Sheringham	13 November 1884
date of birth	Sotiris Kakisis (Greek: Σωτήρης Κακίσης; born 1954, Athens) is a contemporary Greek poet.	Sotiris Kakisis	1954
date of birth	Darja Škrlj (born 13 March 1985 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian figure skater who competes in ladies singles.	Darja Škrlj	13 March 1985
date of birth	Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki (born Ioanna Daskalaki, 12 December 1955) is a Greek businesswoman.	Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki	12 December 1955
date of birth	Oleg Veretelnikov (Олег Веретелников; born 20 January 1972) is a retired Uzbekistani decathlete.	Oleg Veretelnikov	20 January 1972
date of birth	Melinda Rackham (born 1959) is an Australian Networked Media Artist, Writer and Curator, and founder and producer the influential -empyre- online media arts forum, which she initiated as part of her Doctoral thesis on Art and Identity in Virtual Reality Environments.	Melinda Rackham	1959
date of birth	Glenn Holgersson (born 5 November 1979) is a former Swedish footballer, last playing for FC Rosengård.	Glenn Holgersson	5 November 1979
date of birth	Freiherr Joseph Alvinczi von Borberek aka Baron József Alvinczi de Borberek (German: Joseph Alvinczy, Freiherr von Berberek; 1 February 1735 -- 25 September 1810) was a soldier in the Habsburg Army and a Field Marshal of the Austrian Empire.	József Alvinczi	1 February 1735
date of birth	Vanessa Boslak (born on 11 June 1982) is a French pole vaulter.	Vanessa Boslak	11 June 1982
date of birth	Jingle Ma Cho Shing (Chinese: 馬楚成; pinyin: Mǎ Chǔchéng; born 1957) is the Hong Kong-based writer/director of action films such as Tokyo Raiders and Seoul Raiders.	Jingle Ma	1957
date of birth	Mario-Rafael Ionian (born 14 October 1990) is an Austrian figure skater who competes in men's singles.	Mario-Rafael Ionian	14 October 1990
date of birth	The Reverend Julian Moreton (1825--1900) was a Church of England (Anglican) clergyman and author who travelled from England to Newfoundland, Canada to be ordained as a missionary for the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts.	Julian Moreton	1825
date of birth	Jerry D. Porter (born c. 1949 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a minister and general superintendent in the Church of the Nazarene.	Jerry D. Porter	1949
date of birth	Petri Tapio Mattson (born Haapajärvi, 1973) is a Finnish violinist and ensemble director specialized in Early music, and a violin maker.	Petri Tapio Mattson	1973
date of birth	Feng Feng (simplified Chinese: 冯峰; traditional Chinese: 馮峰; pinyin: Féng Fēng; 1 December 1916 -- 16 February 2000) was a veteran Hong Kong actor.	Feng Feng	1 December 1916
date of birth	Eugène Rimmel (1820 -- 1887) was a French-born British perfumer and businessman responsible for manufacturing and marketing some of the earliest commercially made cosmetics.	Eugène Rimmel	1820
date of birth	Swob Sjaarda (1435-1520) was a Dutch noble, daughter of Douwe Tjaerts Aylva and Sjaarda Edwert and from 1455 married to Jarich Epes Hottinga.	Swob Sjaarda	1435
date of birth	Honble' Justice Dipankar Datta was born on 9 February 1965 in a Bengali family.	Dipankar Datta	1965
date of birth	Veijeany Christopher Samba (born 28 March 1984), known as Christopher Samba, is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Dynamo Moscow in the Russian Premier League.	Christopher Samba	28 March 1984
date of birth	Lelord Kordel (1904 -- 2001) was a Polish American nutritionist and author of books on healthy living.	Lelord Kordel	1904
date of birth	Hou Fengqi (simplified Chinese: 侯凤岐; traditional Chinese: 侯鳳岐; pinyin: Hòu Fèngqí; born March 1962) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in the cities of Bayannur and Wuhai, in north China's Inner Mongolia.	Hou Fengqi	1962
date of birth	Norm Brunet (born 1958) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, best known for his album Life Goes On, which was released in 2002.	Norm Brunet	1958
date of birth	David Schafer (born 1955) is an American visual artist and sound artist based in Los Angeles, CA.	David Schafer	1955
date of birth	Marie Corelli (/kɔːˈrɛli/; 1 May 1855 -- 21 April 1924) was a British novelist.	Marie Corelli	1 May 1855
date of birth	Royston Siddons (15 December 1899 -- 24 November 1976) was an Australian metal working industrialist.	Royston Siddons	15 December 1899
date of birth	Mostapha al-Turk (Arabic: مصطفى الترك, born 14 July 1973) is a retired Lebanese mixed martial artist.	Mostapha al-Turk	14 July 1973
date of birth	Dominic Cooke CBE (born 1966) is an English theatre director and playwright.	Dominic Cooke	1966
date of birth	Edward Turnour, 4th Earl Winterton (1810--1879) was a first-class cricketer who played 25 times for Sussex CCC, without much success.	Edward Turnour, 4th Earl Winterton	1810
date of birth	Louise Zoé Coste or Louise Zoé Meynier (1805-?) was a French painter.	Louise Zoé Coste	1805
date of birth	Jonathan Baillie (born 2 September 1985) is the Manager of Annbank United in the Scottish Junior Football Ayrshire Division One.	Jonathan Baillie	2 September 1985
date of birth	Cretien van Campen (born 24 January 1963) is a Dutch author, editor and scientific researcher in social science and fine arts.	Cretien van Campen	24 January 1963
date of birth	Anduele Pryor (born 26 April 1985) is a Dutch footballer who is currently a free agent.	Anduele Pryor	26 April 1985
date of birth	St. George Littledale was born on 8 December 1851, in Liverpool to Thomas Littledale and Julia Royds.	St. George Littledale	8 December 1851
date of birth	Maria Belakhova (Russian: Мария Андреевна Белахова, 1903--1969) was a Russian writer and educator known for her work in children's literature and education in the Soviet Union, mentorship of many of the country's prominent children's writers, and her own works.	Maria Belakhova	1903
date of birth	Natallia Helakh (Belarusian: Наталля Гелах; Russian: Наталья Гелах, Nataliya Gelakh; born 30 May 1978) is a Belarusian rower who competed at the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Olympics.	Natallia Helakh	30 May 1978
date of birth	Second Lieutenant Michael Paul Benner GC (14 April 1935 -- 1 July 1957), known as Paul Benner, of the Corps of Royal Engineers was posthumously awarded the George Cross for gallantry for his actions in an alpine rescue attempt at Grossglockner, Austria on 1 July 1957.	Paul Benner	14 April 1935
date of birth	Vitória Frate Paranhos (born on 20 May 1986) is a Brazilian film, television and theater actress.	Vitória Frate	20 May 1986
date of birth	Ivan Lapčević (Иван Лапчевић, born 26 March 1976 in Kruševac, Serbia) is a former Serbian handball player, playing as left back for F.C Barcelona, Gummersbach, MKB Veszprem.	Ivan Lapčević	26 March 1976
date of birth	Yuriy Trubetskoy (Jurij Trubetsky, Jerzy Trubecki, Jurij Trubiacki, Юрий Петрович Трубецкий, Юрій Петрович Трубецький, Juri Petrovitz Troebieskoy; ca 1643 -- 12 July 1679 buried in Troitsky monastery) was a Ruthenian Prince, boyar of the Trubetsky family.	Yuriy Trubetskoy	1643
date of birth	John Giheno (born 1950) is a Papua New Guinea politician and former government minister.	John Giheno	1950
date of birth	Alba Roversi (born 14 August 1961) is a Venezuelan telenovela and theater actress who rose to fame in the 80s and 90s for her role in telenovelas.	Alba Roversi	14 August 1961
date of birth	Elvis Kabashi (born 20 February 1994) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays for Dutch Eerste Divisie side FC Den Bosch, on loan from Juventus.	Elvis Kabashi	20 February 1994
date of birth	James Hibberd (born 19 April 1981 in Southampton, Hampshire) was an English cricketer.	James Hibberd	19 April 1981
date of birth	Cavit Orhan Tütengil (1921 -- December 7, 1979) was a Turkish sociologist, writer and columnist, who was murdered.	Cavit Orhan Tütengil	1921
date of birth	Torsten Oltmanns (born 6 October 1964) is a German author, economist and journalist who has written several books on marketing and change management.	Torsten Oltmanns	6 October 1964
date of birth	Susanne Holmström (born 1947) is a Danish sociologist, best known for her writings on organizational legitimacy based on the systems theory of Niklas Luhmann.	Susanne Holmström	1947
date of birth	Stanislav Georgiev (Bulgarian: Станислав Георгиев; born 6 February 1971) is a Bulgarian sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres.	Stanislav Georgiev	6 February 1971
date of birth	Hugh George Egioke Savage (1883 -- February 7, 1957) was an English-born journalist and political figure in British Columbia.	Hugh George Egioke Savage	1883
date of birth	Narbona (1766 -- August 30, 1849) was a Navajo chief who participated in the Navajo Wars.	Narbona	1766
date of birth	Eve Louise Kelland (1889--1943) Born in Sydney, Australia - wife of Edouard Espinosa.	Eve Louise Kelland	1889
date of birth	Oh Eun-young (born c. 1985) is a Korean TV Host, model and beauty pageant titleholder.	Oh Eun-young	1985
date of birth	Leo Murray was born on 14 March 1939 in England and currently lives in Ireland.	Leo Murray	14 March 1939
date of birth	Dane Campbell (born 15 October 1984) is an Australian rugby league administrator and former footballer.	Dane Campbell	15 October 1984
date of birth	Andreas Oschkenat (born 9 June 1962) is a retired East German hurdler, who won the bronze medal in 60 m hurdles at the 1983 European Indoor Championships in Athletics in Budapest.	Andreas Oschkenat	9 June 1962
date of birth	Chen Yuanlin (陈远林; born Guilin, 1957) is a Chinese electronic composer based in the United States.	Chen Yuanlin	1957
date of birth	Anastasia Griffith (born 23 March 1978) is a British actress known for her roles on the FX legal drama Damages and the NBC series Trauma.	Anastasia Griffith	23 March 1978
date of birth	Andy Boulton (born 25 February 1973 in Stoke-on-Trent) is an English darts player currently playing for the Professional Darts Corporation.	Andy Boulton	25 February 1973
date of birth	Imre Szepi, (born 6 January 1954 in Câmpulung la Tisa), is a Romanian football player, part of the best team FC Baia Mare ever had, between 1977 and 1980.	Imre Szepi	6 January 1954
date of birth	Fabio Grobart (also Antonio Blanco) was born in Białystok, Poland August 30, 1905; his birth name was Abraham Grobart aka Abraham Simjovitch.	Fabio Grobart	1905
date of birth	Herbjørn Sørebø (25 April 1933 -- 29 March 2003) was a Norwegian journalist and broadcasting personality for more than thirty years.	Herbjørn Sørebø	25 April 1933
date of birth	Peter Kranke (born 10 July 1973, Würzburg) is anesthetist and professor of anesthesiology at the University of Würzburg, Germany.	Peter Kranke	10 July 1973
date of birth	Cenk Ünnü (born 1967 in Istanbul) is the drummer of the heavy metal band Mezarkabul (also known as Pentagram).	Cenk Ünnü	1967
date of birth	The Turnbulls settled in Charleston, South Carolina when the British Army occupied the town during the American Revolution, some time after Robert James Turnbull was born in New Smyrna, Florida in January, 1775; and when the war ended, the doctor flatly refused to become an American citizen.	Robert James Turnbull	January, 1775
date of birth	Mamun Mahmud (17 November 1928 -- 26 March 1971) was a police officer and a martyr of the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War.	Mamun Mahmud	17 November 1928
date of birth	Rowshanara Moni (Bengali: রোশনারা মনি; born 1974) is a Bangladeshi-born British singer and actress.	Rowshanara Moni	1974
date of birth	Jarrad Sundqvist (born 11 December 1982) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Sydney between 2002 and 2003.	Jarrad Sundqvist	11 December 1982
date of birth	Matthew Fort (born 29 January 1947) is a British food writer and critic.	Matthew Fort	29 January 1947
date of birth	Jason Tovey (born 28 April 1989 in Newport, Wales) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays at Fly Half and has represented the Wales under 20s team.	Jason Tovey	28 April 1989
date of birth	Pablo Bronstein (born 1977, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine artist based in London.	Pablo Bronstein	1977
date of birth	Robin Galloway (born 18 December 1961) is a Scottish radio and TV broadcaster, currently working for Heart Scotland.	Robin Galloway	18 December 1961
date of birth	Gotthold Carlberg (1838--1881) was a German musical editor of Staats-Zeitung, a conductor of Russian concerts and leader of a number of and symphony concerts, all of which took place in New York City.	Gotthold Carlberg	1838
date of birth	Kelly McCombie (born 4 January 1979) is an Australian Paralympic tandem cycling pilot.	Kelly McCombie	4 January 1979
date of birth	J. Craig Thorpe (born 1948) is a modern American commercial and landscape artist.	J. Craig Thorpe	1948
date of birth	Tian Xiusi (Chinese: 田修思; born February 1950) is a retired Chinese general who served as Political Commissar of the People's Liberation Army Air Force.	Tian Xiusi	1950
date of birth	George Lincoln Blackwell (2 July 1861 - 20 March 1926) was an African American author and bishop of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church.	George Lincoln Blackwell	2 July 1861
date of birth	Mac Stanton (born 1977) is an electronic music producer and the creator and manager of So French Records.	Mac Stanton	1977
date of birth	John Louis Mansi ( born John Patrick Adams, 8 November 1926 -- 6 August 2010) was a British television and film actor whose career spanned the years from the early 1950s to the early 1990s.	John Louis Mansi	8 November 1926
date of birth	Femi Opabunmi (born 3 March 1985) is a former Nigerian football player, who last played for Shooting Stars FC.	Femi Opabunmi	3 March 1985
date of birth	General Sir (John Freeguard) Jack Deverell KCB OBE (born 27 April 1945) was Commander-in-Chief Allied Forces Northern Europe.	Jack Deverell	27 April 1945
date of birth	René Gardi (1 March 1909 - 9 March 2000) was a Swiss traveller and author.	René Gardi	1 March 1909
date of birth	Zinyat Valiyeva (born 6 May 1974, Keçili, Shamkir Rayon) is an Azerbaijani paralympic archer in ARW2 (Wheelchair W2) classification.	Zinyat Valiyeva	6 May 1974
date of birth	Frederick Graff (27 August 1775 Philadelphia - 13 April 1847 Philadelphia) was a hydraulic engineer.	Frederick Graff	27 August 1775
date of birth	Antony Micallef (born 1975 in Swindon) is an English contemporary artist and painter.	Antony Micallef	1975
date of birth	Oscar Hans (born 6 February 1910) was a German war criminal, leader of a SS-Sonderkommando during the occupation of Norway.	Oscar Hans	6 February 1910
date of birth	Aslaug Blytt (24 April 1899, Bergen -- 22 April 1966) was a Norwegian art historian and museum manager, and politician.	Aslaug Blytt	1899
date of birth	Qiangba Puncog (Tibetan: བྱམས་པ་ཕུན་ཚོགས་, Wylie: byams pa phun tshogs; Chinese: 向巴平措; pinyin: Xiàngbā Píngcuò; born in May 1947) was the chairman of the government of Tibet Autonomous Region of China from 2003 until January 2010.	Qiangba Puncog	May 1947
date of birth	Sir Andrew Shonfield (10 August 1917 -- 23 January 1981) was a British economist best known for writing Modern Capitalism (1966), a book that documented the rise of long-term planning in postwar Europe.	Andrew Shonfield	10 August 1917
date of birth	Errol Louis (born in 1962 in Harlem, USA) is a New York City journalist and television show host.	Errol Louis	1962
date of birth	Colin Spaull (born 1944) is a British actor, noted for his television work.	Colin Spaull	1944
date of birth	Björn Ferry (born 1 August 1978 in Stensele, Västerbotten County) is a former Swedish biathlete and medal winning Olympian.	Björn Ferry	1 August 1978
date of birth	Zhang Xuecheng (Chinese: 章学诚; Wade--Giles: Chang Hsüeh-ch'eng; 1738--1801) was a Qing Dynasty historian, writer and philosopher.	Zhang Xuecheng	1738
date of birth	Gideon Greif (Hebrew: גדעון גרייף‎; born 1951 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli historian who specializes in the History of Holocaust Period and especially with the History of the Concentration and Extermination Camp Auschwitz, and the research on the Jewish ``Sonderkommando'' in Auschwitz.	Gideon Greif	1951
date of birth	Dianna Melrose (born 24 June 1952) is a British diplomat who is High Commissioner to Tanzania.	Dianna Melrose	24 June 1952
date of birth	Jason Regier (born 1975) is an American Paralympic wheelchair rugby player and eight-time gold medalist from Denver, Colorado.	Jason Regier	1975
date of birth	Albert Griffiths (1 January 1871 in Millers Point, Sydney, Australia -- 10 December 1927), better known as Young Griffo, was a world featherweight boxing champion.	Young Griffo	1 January 1871
date of birth	Murray Boren (born 1950) is a prolific composer of opera, symphonic, chamber, and vocal works.	Murray Boren	1950
date of birth	Eintou Pearl Springer (formerly Pearl Eintou Springer) (b. Cantaro village, Santa Cruz, Trinidad, 24 November 1944) is a poet, playwright, librarian and cultural activist from Trinidad and Tobago.	Eintou Pearl Springer	24 November 1944
date of birth	Aaron Conway (born 29 March 1985) is a Scottish professional footballer who most recently played for Buckie Thistle in the Highland Football League.	Aaron Conway	29 March 1985
date of birth	Dino Verzini (born 26 November 1943) is a retired Italian track cyclist who specialized in the sprint and tandem events.	Dino Verzini	26 November 1943
date of birth	Bill Barrot (born 6 May 1944) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL), the South Australian Football League (SANFL) and the Victorian Football Association (VFA).	Bill Barrot	6 May 1944
date of birth	Christopher Glaser (1615 -- between 1670 and 1678), a pharmaceutical chemist of the 17th century.	Christopher Glaser	1615
date of birth	Mattanya Cohen(in Hebrew מתניה כהן) (born 1965 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli diplomat.	Mattanya Cohen	1965
date of birth	Lai Meng Chong (simplified Chinese: 赖明忠; traditional Chinese: 賴明忠; pinyin: Lài Míng Zhōng; born 3 September 1951) is a Malaysian politician of Chinese descent from the town of Machap Baru in Malacca state.	Lai Meng Chong	3 September 1951
date of birth	Natasha Radojčić-Kane (Наташа Радојчић Кејн; born 1966 in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is an American writer of Serbian descent.	Natasha Radojčić-Kane	1966
date of birth	Derek Lynch (born 16 June 1971) is a Canadian race car driver from Warkworth, Ontario who raced in the CASCAR and NASCAR Canadian Tire Series.	Derek Lynch	16 June 1971
date of birth	Jordan Nikolić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јордан Николић; born 11 May 1933) is a Serbian folk singer who interprets traditional songs from Kosovo.	Jordan Nikolić	1933
date of birth	Julián Palacios (born 22 August 1880, in Madrid) is recognised as the first President of Real Madrid.	Julián Palacios	22 August 1880
date of birth	Paul Thirlwell (born 13 February 1979) is an English footballer who is currently plays for Harrogate Town.	Paul Thirlwell	13 February 1979
date of birth	Zehra Bilir (born Arapgir, Ottoman Empire March 26, 1913 - died Istanbul, Turkey June 28, 2007) was a renowned Turkish folk singer of Armenian descent.	Zehra Bilir	1913
date of birth	Nora binti Mohd Danish Hanif (born 7 March 1982) or better known as Nora Danish is a Malaysian actress, model and television host.	Nora Danish	7 March 1982
date of birth	Benito Corghi (26 May 1938 -- 5 August 1976) was an Italian long-distance truckdriver, who was a victim of border guards on a border crossing point.	Benito Corghi	26 May 1938
date of birth	Adam Neate (born 1977) is a British painter, conceptual artist and described by The Telegraph in 2008 as ``one of the world's best-known street artists''.	Adam Neate	1977
date of birth	Gregory Lomayesva (born 1971 -) is an internationally recognized painter, sculptor and mixed-media artist who lives and works in Santa Fe, New Mexico.	Gregory Lomayesva	1971
date of birth	Julie Bertagna (born in 1962) is a Scottish author who has written real life and science fiction novels for both children and young adults.	Julie Bertagna	1962
date of birth	Lieutenant General Charles Angina (born 29 March 1962) is a Ugandan Army officer.	Charles Angina	29 March 1962
date of birth	Hans-Georg Tersling (7 December 1857 -- 13 November 1920) was a Danish architect who lived and worked for most of his life on the French Riviera where he became one of the most significant and productive architects of the Belle Époque.	Hans-Georg Tersling	7 December 1857
date of birth	Colby Vokey (born 1965) is an American lawyer and former officer in the United States Marine Corps.	Colby Vokey	1965
date of birth	Father David O'Hanlon (born 1969) is a controversial Irish Roman Catholic priest and theologian.	David O'Hanlon	1969
date of birth	Đỗ Mười (born 2 February 1917 in Thanh Trì District) is a Vietnamese communist politician.	Đỗ Mười	2 February 1917
date of death	Carl Stearns Clancy (8 August 1890 -- January 1971) was an American long-distance motorcycle rider, film director and producer.	Carl Stearns Clancy	January 1971
date of death	Hugh Ray Easton (1906-1965) was a stained-glass artist.	Hugh Ray Easton	1965
date of death	Christina of Denmark (Danish: Christine af Danmark; November 1521 -- 10 December 1590) was a Danish princess who became Duchess-consort of Milan, then Duchess-consort of Lorraine.	Christina of Denmark	10 December 1590
date of death	Tzeni Vanou (Greek: Τζένη Βάνου, born Eugenia Vrachnou; 10 February 1939 -- 5 February 2014) was a Greek singer, born in Athens.	Tzeni Vanou	5 February 2014
date of death	Peter de Montfort (or Piers de Montfort) (c. 1205 -- 4 August 1265) of Beaudesert Castle was an English magnate, soldier and diplomat.	Peter de Montfort	4 August 1265
date of death	Abraham Matthijs (1581, Antwerp -- 1649, Antwerp) was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Abraham Matthijs	1649
date of death	Saint Exuperius (also Exsuperius) (French: Saint Exupéry, Saint Soupire) (died c. 410) was Bishop of Toulouse at the beginning of the 5th century.	Exuperius	410
date of death	Robert D. Napier (1821 - May 1885) was a Scottish engineer, and the youngest son of David Napier (marine engineer).	Robert D. Napier	May 1885
date of death	Gabriel Brown (1910 -- 1972) was an American Piedmont blues singer and guitarist.	Gabriel Brown	1972
date of death	William Pole Thornhill (1807 -- 12 February 1876) was a British Whig and then Liberal Party politician.	William Pole Thornhill	12 February 1876
developer	Tommy Lasorda Baseball is a baseball game released for the Sega Mega-Tech arcade system and later as one of the six launch titles for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis console in the North American region.	Tommy Lasorda Baseball	Sega
developer	Windows Live Expo (codenamed Fremont) was described by Microsoft as an ``online social marketplace''.	Windows Live Expo	Microsoft
developer	The City of Metronome, previously known as just Metronome is an upcoming adventure game from Swedish developers Tarsier Studios.	The City of Metronome	Tarsier Studios
developer	Killer Instinct 2 is a fighting game developed by Rare and manufactured by Midway for arcades in 1996 as a sequel to Killer Instinct (1994).	Killer Instinct 2	Rare
developer	Spectral Gene is an SRPG for the PlayStation 2, and is the next installment in Idea Factory's Spectral series.	Spectral Gene	Idea Factory
developer	CSR Racing is a free-to-play drag-racing game by Boss Alien and NaturalMotion Games.	CSR Racing	Boss Alien
developer	Windows NT is a family of operating systems produced by Microsoft, the first version of which was released in July 1993.	Windows NT	Microsoft
developer	OS X Yosemite (/joʊˈsɛmᵻtiː/ yoh-SEM-it-ee) (version 10.10) is the eleventh major release of OS X, Apple Inc.'s desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.	OS X Yosemite	Apple Inc.
developer	ShootMania Storm is a first-person shooter video game by Ubisoft and Nadeo.	ShootMania Storm	Nadeo
developer	MechQuest is an online flash based single-player sci-fi role-playing video game developed by Artix Entertainment.	MechQuest	Artix Entertainment
director	Homecoming Song (Greek: Το Τραγούδι της Επιστροφής, translit. To tragoudi tis epistrofis) is a 1983 Greek drama film directed by Yannis Smaragdis.	Homecoming Song	Yannis Smaragdis
director	Timber Stampede is a 1939 American western film directed by David Howard from a screenplay by Morton Grant, based on a story by Bernard McConville and Paul Franklin.	Timber Stampede	David Howard
director	Frank McKlusky, C.I. is a 2002 comedy film written by Dave Sheridan and Mark Perez, and directed by Arlene Sanford.	Frank McKlusky, C.I.	Arlene Sanford
director	Kathantara (Odia: କଥାନ୍ତର, English Another Story) is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Himansu Khatua, a story of tribulations of the 1999 Odisha cyclone.	Kathantara	Himansu Khatua
director	Gacaca, Living Together Again In Rwanda? is the first documentary film in a trilogy by Anne Aghion examining the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide.	Gacaca, Living Together Again In Rwanda?	Anne Aghion
director	Play Straight or Fight is a 1918 American short Western film directed by Paul Hurst.	Play Straight or Fight	Paul Hurst
director	Die unvollkommene Ehe is a 1959 Austrian comedy film directed by Robert A. Stemmle.	Die unvollkommene Ehe	Robert A. Stemmle
director	Coin Locker Girl (Hangul: 차이나타운; RR: Chainataun; lit. Chinatown) is a 2015 South Korean film written and directed by Han Jun-hee, starring Kim Hye-soo and Kim Go-eun.	Coin Locker Girl	Han Jun-hee
director	Finder's Fee is a 2001 American film directed by Jeff Probst from his original screenplay.	Finder's Fee	Jeff Probst
director	Transported is an Australian convict melodrama film directed by W. J. Lincoln.	Transported	W. J. Lincoln
dissolved or abolished	RIA Novosti (Russian: РИА Новости), sometimes shortly RIA (Russian: РИА) was Russia's international news agency until 2013 and continues to be the name of a state-operated domestic Russian-language news agency.	RIA Novosti	2013
dissolved or abolished	The Milwaukee Badgers were a professional American football team, based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, that played in the National Football League from 1922 to 1926.	Milwaukee Badgers	1926
dissolved or abolished	Serpollet produced his own automobiles under the name Serpollet and Gardner-Serpollet until his death in 1907.	Gardner-Serpollet	1907
dissolved or abolished	In 1814, the Slavic Greek Latin Academy was transformed into the Ecclesiastical Academy (Theological Academy) and relocated to the Troitse-Sergieva Lavra.	Slavic Greek Latin Academy	1814
dissolved or abolished	Extremaduran Popular Bloc (Spanish: Bloque Popular de Extremadura, BPEx) was a communist political coalition created in Extremadura in 1981 and dissolved in 1983.	Extremaduran Popular Bloc	1983
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Menorca was a medieval taifa kingdom, which existed from 1228 until 1287, when the Crown of Aragon conquered it.	Taifa of Menorca	1287
dissolved or abolished	Doboka County was a county in Transylvania between the 11th or 12th century and 1876.	Doboka County	1876
dissolved or abolished	General Idea was a collective of three Canadian artists, Felix Partz, Jorge Zontal and AA Bronson, who were active from 1967 to 1994.	General Idea	1994
dissolved or abolished	The deposition of Getúlio Vargas and his Estado Novo regime in 1945 and the subsequent re-democratization of Brazil with the adoption of a new Constitution in 1946 mark the end of the Vargas Era and the beginning of the period known as the Second Brazilian Republic.	Vargas Era	1946
dissolved or abolished	Magnetic Video Corporation is a defunct home video/home audio duplication service, that operated between 1968 and 1982	Magnetic Video	1982
educated at	The Elizabeth Harwood Memorial Award for Singers is given every year by the Royal Northern College of Music.	Elizabeth Harwood	Royal Northern College of Music
educated at	Before joining Square, Ted Woolsey was a graduate student at the University of Washington where he completed a master's degree in Japanese literature.	Ted Woolsey	University of Washington
educated at	Born on 26 March 1906, Ronald Urquhart was educated at Bedford School, at Pembroke College, Cambridge, and at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.	Ronald Urquhart	Pembroke College	Royal Military College, Sandhurst
educated at	Angier Buchanan Duke (1884--1923) was a trustee of Duke University from 1914--1923, as well as vice president and president of its Alumni Association.	Angier Buchanan Duke	Duke University
educated at	Marisa Silver directed her first film, Old Enough, while she studied at Harvard University.	Marisa Silver	Harvard University
educated at	Chinmoy Guha (born in September 1958 in Kolkata, India) is a Professor and former Head of Department of English at the University of Calcutta a Bengali essayist and translator and a French-language scholar.	Chinmoy Guha	University of Calcutta
educated at	Simion Ghimpu graduate from the Moldova State University in 1964 and got a PhD from the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts from Moscow in 1969.	Simion Ghimpu	Moldova State University
educated at	Tanka Bahadur Subba is the present and second vice chancellor of Sikkim University in India Earlier, he was Head of Anthropology Department and Dean of School of Human and Environmental Sciences, North Eastern Hill University, Shillong, India.	Tanka Bahadur Subba	North Eastern Hill University
educated at	Jean-Pierre Ponssard (born 1946) is a French economist, senior research fellow of the CNRS, and professor of economics and research vice president of the economic department of the École Polytechnique.	Jean-Pierre Ponssard	École Polytechnique
educated at	George Reddy (died 14 April 1972) was a research student in physics at Osmania University, in Hyderabad, India, who was murdered on 14 April 1972 in a student hostel by right-wing elements, aged 25.	George Reddy	Osmania University
employer	Bahram Akasheh (born 1936) is an Iranian geophysicist and seismologist and Professor of Geophysics at University of Tehran.	Bahram Akasheh	University of Tehran
employer	Ivan Gaskell is a Derby born sports reporter for the BBC.	Ivan Gaskell	BBC
employer	Seymour Martin Lipset (March 18, 1922 -- December 31, 2006) was an American political sociologist, a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University, and the Hazel Professor of Public Policy at George Mason University.	Seymour Martin Lipset	George Mason University
employer	Donald George Vogl (1929 in Milwaukee--) is a prolific artist and retired University of Notre Dame art professor.	Donald George Vogl	University of Notre Dame
employer	Randall Hansen is a political scientist and historian at the University of Toronto, where he has held a Canada Research Chair in Political Science since 2005.	Randall Hansen	University of Toronto
employer	Archon Fung (born 6 April 1968), is the Ford Foundation Professor of Democracy and Citizenship at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government and co-founder of the Transparency Policy Project.	Archon Fung	Harvard University
employer	Alfred Holmes White (April 28, 1873 -- August 25, 1953) was a chemical engineer at the University of Michigan.	Alfred Holmes White	University of Michigan
employer	Victoria Hollins is a British journalist, who works for BBC London News as a reporter and newsreader, mostly working the early morning bulletins on BBC Breakfast.	Victoria Hollins	BBC
employer	Judith Herzfeld (born 12 January 1948) is Professor of Biophysical Chemistry at Brandeis University.	Judith Herzfeld	Brandeis University
employer	Jack Delano (August 1, 1914 -- August 12, 1997) was an American photographer for the Farm Security Administration (FSA) and a composer noted for his use of Puerto Rican folk material.	Jack Delano	Farm Security Administration
employer	Knut Borchardt (born 2 June 1929 in Berlin, Germany) is a German researcher, historian and former professor for history and economics at both the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and the University of Mannheim from 1962 to 1969.	Knut Borchardt	Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich	University of Mannheim
employer	Jonathan Sessler (born 20 May 1956 in Urbana, Illinois) is a professor of chemistry at The University of Texas at Austin.	Jonathan Sessler	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Robert J. Sampson (born July 9, 1956 in Utica) is the Henry Ford II Professor of the Social Sciences at Harvard University and Director of the Social Sciences Program at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.	Robert J. Sampson	Harvard University
employer	Dorsey Armstrong (born 1970) is Associate Professor of English and Medieval Literature at Purdue University.	Dorsey Armstrong	Purdue University
employer	William Ennis Thomson (born 1927, Fort Worth) is an American music educator at the collegiate level, music theorist, composer, former Music School Dean and Professor at the Thornton School of Music, University of Southern California from 1980 to 1992.	William Ennis Thomson	University of Southern California
employer	Shawkat Hashmi (Bengali: শওকত হাশমী) is a Bangladeshi-born British radio presenter and producer who works for the BBC as ethnic affairs producer and presenter for BBC North, BBC Radio Sheffield and BBC Asian Network.	Shawkat Hashmi	BBC
employer	Ahmed Fareed is a studio host and reporter for American TV channel Comcast SportsNet Bay Area.	Ahmed Fareed	Comcast SportsNet Bay Area
employer	Prof. Charles Spence is an experimental psychologist at the University of Oxford.	Charles Spence	University of Oxford
employer	Heinz Waaske (1924 -- 1995) was a German camera designer, notably father of the Rollei 35.	Heinz Waaske	Rollei
employer	Professor Sally Wyatt (born 12 May 1959), is the program Leader of the eHumanities group of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences, director of The Netherlands Graduate Research School of Science, Technology and Modern Culture (WTMC) and professor of Digital Cultures in Development at Maastricht University.	Sally Wyatt	Maastricht University
employer	Upe Flueckiger, aka Urs Peter Flueckiger, is an associate professor of architecture at Texas Tech University.	Upe Flueckiger	Texas Tech University
employer	Eric J. Hill, Ph.D., FAIA, is a Professor of Practice in Architecture at the University of Michigan.	Eric J. Hill	University of Michigan
employer	H. Patrick Glenn was the Peter M. Laing Chair of the Faculty of Law at McGill University.	H. Patrick Glenn	McGill University
employer	Israel Nathan Herstein (March 28, 1923 -- February 9, 1988) was a mathematician, appointed as professor at the University of Chicago in 1951.	Israel Nathan Herstein	University of Chicago
employer	Stephen Cutts is the United Nations Assistant Secretary-General for the Office of Central Support Services in the Department of Management.	Stephen Cutts	United Nations
employer	Patricia Chaves is a Senior Sustainable Development Officer and the Head of the Partnerships Team at the United Nations Division for Sustainable Development.	Patricia Chaves	United Nations
employer	Christen Jensen (1881--1961) was an American educator who twice served as interim president of Brigham Young University (BYU).	Christen Jensen	Brigham Young University
employer	Torsten Sjögren was professor of psychiatry at Karolinska Institutet from 1945 to 1961.	Torsten Sjögren	Karolinska Institutet
employer	Thomas S. Lundgren is an American fluid dynamicist and Professor Emeritus of Aerospace Engineering and Mechanics at the University of Minnesota He is known for his work in the field of theoretical fluid dynamics.	Thomas S. Lundgren	University of Minnesota
employer	François Grosjean is a Professor Emeritus and former Director of the Language and Speech Processing Laboratory at the University of Neuchâtel (Switzerland).	François Grosjean	University of Neuchâtel
employer	Vijay P. Parashar, BDS, MDS, DDS, is an Oral and Maxillofacial Radiologist currently working as Faculty at Midwestern University, Glendale, AZ.	Vijay P. Parashar	Midwestern University
employer	Vernon Benjamin Mountcastle (July 15, 1918 -- January 11, 2015) was Professor Emeritus of Neuroscience at Johns Hopkins University.	Vernon Benjamin Mountcastle	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Robert H. Brower (23 March 1923 -- 29 February 1988) was a Professor of Far East Language and Literature, Japanese Language and Literature, Chair of Far East Language and Literature at the University of Michigan from 1966 to 1988.	Robert H. Brower	University of Michigan
employer	Julie Larson-Green (born 1962) is the Chief Experience Officer of Microsoft's ``My Life & Work'' team at Microsoft, where she has worked since 1993.	Julie Larson-Green	Microsoft
employer	George Casella (January 22, 1951 -- June 17, 2012) was a Distinguished Professor in the Department of Statistics at the University of Florida.	George Casella	University of Florida
employer	Hartley Rogers, Jr. was a mathematician who worked in recursion theory, and was a professor in the Mathematics Department of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Hartley Rogers, Jr.	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Arne Johan Vetlesen (born 10 September 1960) is a Norwegian professor of philosophy at the University of Oslo, who concentrates on the topic of ethics and social philosophy.	Arne Johan Vetlesen	University of Oslo
employer	Arthur Oliver Wheeler (May 1, 1860 -- May 20, 1945) was born in Ireland and immigrated to Canada in 1876 at the age of 16.	Arthur Oliver Wheeler	Canada
employer	Pietro De Camilli is an Italian-American biologist and John Klingenstein Professor of Neuroscience and Cell Biology at Yale University School of Medicine.	Pietro De Camilli	Yale University
employer	Mike Harrington is the co-founder of the computer game development company, Valve Corporation.	Mike Harrington	Valve Corporation
employer	Dr. John T. James is the Chief Toxicologist for the National Aeronautics & Space Administration.	John T. James	National Aeronautics & Space Administration
employer	John Spotton (January 1, 1927 - March 3, 1991) was a Canadian filmmaker with the National Film Board of Canada.	John Spotton	National Film Board of Canada
employer	Sanjiv M. Ravi Kanbur (born 28 August 1954), is T.H. Lee Professor of World Affairs, International Professor of Applied Economics, and Professor of Economics at Cornell University.	Ravi Kanbur	Cornell University
employer	Omeljan Pritsak (Ukrainian: Омеля́н Пріца́к; 7 April 1919, Luka, Sambir County, Austrian Galicia -- 29 May 2006, Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.) was the first Mykhailo Hrushevsky Professor of Ukrainian History at Harvard University and the founder and first director (1973--1989) of the Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute.	Omeljan Pritsak	Harvard University
employer	Kazimierz Wyka (1910--1975) was a Polish literary historian, literary critic, and professor at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków.	Kazimierz Wyka	Jagiellonian University
employer	Steven D. Eppinger (born 1961) is an American engineer, and Professor of Management, Professor of Management Science and Innovation, and Professor of Engineering Systems at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, known for his work on product design and product development.	Steven D. Eppinger	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Adam B. Jaffe (born May 1955) is Director of Motu Economic and Public Policy Research, in Wellington, New Zealand, and formerly a professor of Economics at Brandeis University.	Adam B. Jaffe	Brandeis University
employer	Jeffrey A. Hutchings (born 11 September 1958) is a Canadian-born fisheries scientist, a Faculty of Science Killam Professor of Biology, and former Canada Research Chair in Marine Conservation and Biodiversity (2002-2011) at Dalhousie University.	Jeffrey A. Hutchings	Dalhousie University
employer	Ranjit Sondhi was a BBC Governor with responsibility for the English regions.	Ranjit Sondhi	BBC
employer	Jacob K. Olupona is a scholar of indigenous African religions who came to Harvard after serving as a professor at the University of California, Davis.	Jacob K. Olupona	University of California, Davis
employer	Muzaffar Alam (born 3 February 1947) is the George V. Bobrinskoy Professor in South Asian Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago.	Muzaffar Alam	University of Chicago
employer	Evan Chambers (born 1963, Alexandria, Louisiana) is a composer, traditional Irish fiddler, and Professor of Composition at the University of Michigan.	Evan Chambers	University of Michigan
employer	Albert Benschop (born 10 May 1949, Rijswijk) is a Dutch sociologist with the University of Amsterdam's faculty of Social and Behavioral Sciences.	Albert Benschop	University of Amsterdam
employer	Gok Wan (born Ko-Hen Wan; Chinese: 溫國興; Cantonese Jyutping: Wan1 gwok3 hing3; 9 September 1974) is an English fashion consultant, author and television presenter, perhaps best known for his Channel 4 television programme How to Look Good Naked.	Gok Wan	Channel 4
employer	Michael Aizenman (born 28 August 1945 in Nizhny Tagil, Russia) is a mathematician and a physicist at Princeton University, working in the fields of mathematical physics, statistical mechanics, functional analysis and probability theory.	Michael Aizenman	Princeton University
employer	Wali Khan Babar (Urdu, Pashto: ولی خان بابر‎; 5 April 1982 -- 13 January 2011) was a Pakistani journalist working for GEO News who was killed by gunmen in the Liaquatabad area of Karachi.	Wali Khan Babar	GEO News
employer	Geraldine Peers is a broadcast journalist, currently the main presenter of BBC South's local TV opt-out service for Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire & Swindon and areas of Berkshire, Northamptonshire & the Cotswolds.	Geraldine Peers	BBC
employer	Jules Davids (December 10, 1920--December 6, 1996) was a professor of diplomatic history at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University until his retirement in 1986.	Jules Davids	Georgetown University
employer	Gerd Langguth (18 May 1946 -- 12 May 2013) was a professor of political science at the University of Bonn and the author of biographies of Angela Merkel and Horst Köhler.	Gerd Langguth	University of Bonn
employer	Gerald N. Rosenberg (born 1954) is a University of Chicago political science and law professor, and the author of the 1991 controversial book The Hollow Hope (ISBN 0-226-72703-3), revised 2nd edition, 2008 (ISBN-13: 978-0226726717).	Gerald N. Rosenberg	University of Chicago
employer	Lois Weaver (born 1949) is a Guggenheim-winning artist, activist, writer, director, and Professor of Contemporary Performance at Queen Mary University of London.	Lois Weaver	Queen Mary University of London
employer	Vladimir Lifschitz is the Gottesman Family Centennial Professor in Computer Sciences at the University of Texas at Austin.	Vladimir Lifschitz	University of Texas at Austin
employer	George Bodenheimer (born May 6, 1958) is the former president of ESPN Inc. and of ABC's sports division, known since 2006 as ESPN on ABC.	George Bodenheimer	ESPN
employer	John McGreevy is an American historian and currently the dean of the College of Arts & Letters at the University of Notre Dame.	John McGreevy	University of Notre Dame
employer	Syed A. Hoda is a Professor of Pathology at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University and an Attending Pathologist at the New York Presbyterian Hospital.	Syed A. Hoda	Cornell University
employer	Tayé-Brook Zerihoun (born 13 December 1942) was appointed Assistant Secretary-General for Political Affairs in the United Nations Department of Political Affairs on 28 April 2010 by Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.	Tayé-Brook Zerihoun	United Nations
employer	Winston Tabb is the current Sheridan Dean of University Libraries and Museums at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland.	Winston Tabb	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Tempest Anderson (7 December 1846 -- 26 August 1913) was an ophthalmic surgeon at York County Hospital in the United Kingdom, and an expert amateur photographer and vulcanologist.	Tempest Anderson	York County Hospital
employer	Artyom Shneyerov is a microeconomist working at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada.	Artyom Shneyerov	Concordia University
employer	Jeanne Altmann is a professor emerita and Eugene Higgins Professor of ecology and evolutionary biology currently at Princeton University, Her area of focus is the social behaviour of baboons.	Jeanne Altmann	Princeton University
employer	Benjamin Zablocki (born January 19, 1941) is an American professor of sociology at Rutgers University where he teaches sociology of religion and social psychology.	Benjamin Zablocki	Rutgers University
employer	Hartmut Mehdorn (born 31 July 1942 in Warsaw) is a German manager and current CEO of Flughafen Berlin Brandenburg GmbH (FBB), the owner and future operator of Berlin Brandenburg Airport.	Hartmut Mehdorn	Flughafen Berlin Brandenburg GmbH
employer	Matt Prodger is a Home Affairs Correspondent for BBC News who appears on all the broadcaster's television and radio outlets.	Matt Prodger	BBC
employer	Professor Rose-Marie Belle Antoine is Dean of Law the University of the West Indies and Professor of Labor Law and Offshore Financial Law, a position she has held since 2004.	Rose-Marie Belle Antoine	University of the West Indies
employer	Paul Barbara was a full professor at the University of Texas at Austin.	Paul Barbara	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Orit Gadiesh (Hebrew: אורית גדיש‎) is an Israeli-American corporate strategist and chairman of management consulting firm Bain & Company.	Orit Gadiesh	Bain & Company
employer	Dorinne K. Kondo is a Professor of Anthropology and American Studies at the University of Southern California.	Dorinne K. Kondo	University of Southern California
employer	David Williamson Shaffer (born May 10, 1964 in New York City, NY) is a professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in the departments of Educational Psychology and Biomedical Engineering, a Game Scientist at the Wisconsin Center for Education Research Wisconsin Center for Education Research, and Principal of EFGames, LLC.	David Williamson Shaffer	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	Benjamin Karney (born 1968, Los Angeles) is a Professor of Social Psychology at the University of California, Los Angeles, and an adjunct behavioral scientist at the Rand Corporation.	Benjamin Karney	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Ramesh Raskar is a Massachusetts Institute of Technology Associate Professor and head of the MIT Media Lab's Camera Culture research group.	Ramesh Raskar	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Milena Penkowa (born 1973) is a former Danish neuroscientist who was a Professor at the Panum Institute at the University of Copenhagen from 2009--2010.	Milena Penkowa	University of Copenhagen
employer	Stephen B. Oates (born 1936) is a former professor of history at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Stephen B. Oates	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Nils Hasselmo (born July 2, 1931) was the thirteenth president of the University of Minnesota, serving from 1988 to 1997.	Nils Hasselmo	University of Minnesota
employer	Ulrich Hommel is an Associate Director of Quality Services at the European Foundation for Management Development(EFMD) and, as one of the EPAS Directors, is responsible for the EFMD Programme Accreditation System (EPAS).	Ulrich Hommel	European Foundation for Management Development
employer	Samuel J. Palmisano (born July 30, 1951?) was president and chief executive officer of IBM until January 2012.	Samuel J. Palmisano	IBM
employer	Paul Chester Kainen is an American mathematician, an adjunct associate professor of mathematics and director of the Lab for Visual Mathematics at Georgetown University.	Paul Chester Kainen	Georgetown University
employer	Samuel G. Freedman is an American author and journalist and currently a professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.	Samuel G. Freedman	Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism
employer	David Schmidtz (born 1955) is a Canadian-American philosopher who has appointments in the philosophy and economics departments and the McGuire Center for Entrepreneurship at the University of Arizona.	David Schmidtz	University of Arizona
employer	Arvind Sharma is the Birks Professor of Comparative Religion at McGill University.	Arvind Sharma	McGill University
employer	Geir Ellingsrud (born 29 November 1948) is professor of mathematics at the University of Oslo, where he specialises in algebra and algebraic geometry.	Geir Ellingsrud	University of Oslo
employer	John R. P. French Jr. (7 August 1913 -- 14 October 1995) was a Professor Emeritus in psychology from the University of Michigan.	John R. P. French	University of Michigan
employer	Maitreesh Ghatak (born 7 February 1968) is a Professor of Economics at the London School of Economics.	Maitreesh Ghatak	London School of Economics
employer	Samuel W. Seymour, a lawyer, is a partner at the firm of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and former president of the New York City Bar Association.	Samuel W. Seymour	Sullivan & Cromwell
employer	Peter Lampe (born 28 January 1954) is a German Protestant theologian and Professor of New Testament Studies at the University of Heidelberg in Germany.	Peter Lampe	University of Heidelberg
employer	Abraham Weiss (1895--1970), professor of Talmud at Yeshiva University (1940--1967) in New York is best known for his contribution to the development of the scientific study of Talmud.	Abraham Weiss	Yeshiva University
employer	Abdoulaye Mar Dieye is the Assistant Administrator and Director of the Regional Bureau for Africa at the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).	Abdoulaye Mar Dieye	United Nations
employer	Laurence BonJour (born August 31, 1943) is an American philosopher and Professor (Emeritus) of Philosophy at the University of Washington.	Laurence BonJour	University of Washington
employer	Chaya Czernowin (Hebrew: חיה צ'רנובין, Hebrew pronunciation: (ˌχaja t͡ʃɛʁˈnobin); born December 7, 1957 in Haifa, Israel) is an Israeli composer, and Walter Bigelow Rosen Professor of Music at Harvard University.	Chaya Czernowin	Harvard University
employer	In February 2004, Tariq Ramadan accepted the tenured position of Henry R. Luce Professor of Religion, Conflict and Peacebuilding at the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, at the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana, United States.	Tariq Ramadan	University of Notre Dame
employer	Alcée Fortier (June 5, 1856 -- 1914) was a renowned Professor of Romance Languages at Tulane University in New Orleans.	Alcée Fortier	Tulane University
employer	Keith Lehrer (born January 10, 1936) is Regent's Professor emeritus of Philosophy at the University of Arizona and a Research Professor of Philosophy at the University of Miami in Florida, where he spends half of each academic year.	Keith Lehrer	University of Arizona	University of Miami
employer	Jon Leyne (28 February 1958 -- 27 July 2013) was the Cairo correspondent for BBC News and its 24-hour television news channels BBC World News and BBC News, as well as the BBC's domestic television and radio channels and the BBC World Service.	Jon Leyne	BBC
employer	Charles R. Embry is Professor Emeritus of Political Science at Texas A&M University--	Charles R. Embry	Texas A&M University
father	Herennius Etruscus (Latin: Quintus Herennius Etruscus Messius Decius Augustus; ca. 227 -- June 251), was Roman emperor in 251, in a joint rule with his father Decius.	Herennius Etruscus	Decius
father	The son of the landscaper Henri Duchêne, Achille Duchêne was the garden designer most in demand among high French society at the turn of the twentieth century.	Achille Duchêne	Henri Duchêne
father	In the Torah, Ithamar (Hebrew: אִיתָמָר, Modern Itamar, Tiberian ʼĪṯāmār ; ``palm tree isle/coast''; an ancient Hebrew expression for ``the father of Tamar'') was the youngest son of Aaron the High Priest.	Ithamar	Aaron
father	Arthur Balfour was born at Whittingehame House, East Lothian, Scotland, the eldest son of James Maitland Balfour (1820--1856) and Lady Blanche Gascoyne-Cecil (1825--1872).	Arthur Balfour	James Maitland Balfour
father	Count Frederick of Isenberg (Friedrich von Isenberg) (1193 -- 15 November 1226) was a German noble, the younger son of Count Arnold of Altena (died 1209).	Frederick of Isenberg	Arnold of Altena
father	Gianni Bulgari was born in 1935, the eldest son of Giorgio Bulgari (1890-1966).	Gianni Bulgari	Giorgio Bulgari
father	Carlo Verdone was born in Rome to Mario Verdone, an important Italian film critic, and during his youth he earned a degree in Modern Literature at Sapienza University of Rome and a degree in Film Direction at the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia.	Carlo Verdone	Mario Verdone
father	Irish Linnet was sired by Seattle Song, a son of 1977 U. S. Triple Crown champion, Seattle Slew, and out of the mare Royal Slip.	Irish Linnet	Seattle Song
father	Son of the Reverend Canon Peter Medd of North Cerney, Cirencester, a founder of Keble College, Oxford, Henry Medd was a Young and Summers Scholar at Abingdon School.	Henry Medd	Peter Medd
father	Debuting under the codename Siryn, she later retired the name and started using Banshee, in honor of her late father, Sean Cassidy, who first used the alias.	Siryn	Banshee
father	Paulo Eduardo Ferro Costa Galvão Bueno, better known as Popó Bueno (born January 24, 1978 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian racing driver, currently racing in the Stock Car Brasil series.	Popó Bueno	Galvão Bueno
father	Albert Streckeisen (8 November 1901 -- 29 September 1998) was a Swiss petrographer and petrologist, the son of Basel forensic scientist Adolf Streckeisen.	Albert Streckeisen	Adolf Streckeisen
father	Ruchir Joshi is the son of writer and dramatist Shivkumar Joshi.	Ruchir Joshi	Shivkumar Joshi
father	Reinhold von Anrep-Elmpt of the Anrep family was born in Kursk in the Russian Empire to Joseph Carl von Anrep and Cecilie Anrep, née von Elmpt.	Reinhold von Anrep-Elmpt	Joseph Carl von Anrep
father	Jacob Praetorius or Schultz (* 8 February 1586 † 21 or 22 October 1651) was a German Baroque composer and organist, and the son of Hieronymus Praetorius.	Jacob Praetorius	Hieronymus Praetorius
father	Frédéric Maurice Casimir de La Tour d'Auvergne (Frédéric Maurice Casimir; 24 October 1702 -- 1 October 1723) styled Prince of Turenne, was the eldest surviving son of Emmanuel Théodose de La Tour d'Auvergne (1668--1730).	Frédéric Maurice Casimir de La Tour d'Auvergne	Emmanuel Théodose de La Tour d'Auvergne
father	Anne de Beauchamp, 15th Countess of Warwick (February 1443 -- 3 January 1448) was born in Cardiff, the only child of Henry de Beauchamp, 1st Duke of Warwick and Lady Cecily Neville.	Anne de Beauchamp, 15th Countess of Warwick	Henry de Beauchamp, 1st Duke of Warwick
father	Ankhhaf was a son of pharaoh Sneferu and an unknown wife.	Ankhhaf	Sneferu
father	Niels Juel was born the son of Erik Juel and Sophie Clausdatter Sehested, both were descendant of Danish nobility, who lived in Jutland where the father had a career as a local functionary and judge.	Niels Juel	Erik Juel
father	Golo Mann (27 March 1909 -- 7 April 1994), born Angelus Gottfried Thomas Mann, was a popular historian, essayist and writer.	Golo Mann	Thomas Mann
father	Sired by Saint Ballado out of the dam Quiet Dance, by Quiet American, Saint Liam was unraced as a two-year-old.	Saint Liam	Saint Ballado
father	Zhang Xuanjing was born in 350, during the reign of his father Zhang Chonghua (Duke Jinglie).	Zhang Xuanjing	Zhang Chonghua
father	Janez Janez Švajncer (shortened Janez J. Švajncer) (born 3 July 1948) is a Slovenian retired brigadier, historian, lawyer, museologist, writer, editor and a veteran of the Ten-Day War.	Janez J. Švajncer	Janez Švajncer
father	Jörn Rausing is the son of Gad Rausing and Birgit Rausing.	Jörn Rausing	Gad Rausing
father	The Hervarar saga describes Stenkil as the son of a Ragnvald and later historians have identified this father as Ragnvald Ulfsson who was the earl of Staraja Ladoga and the grandson of the legendary Viking Skagul Toste.	Stenkil	Ragnvald Ulfsson
father	Julia Murdock Smith Dixon Middleton (May 1, 1831 -- September 12, 1880) was an early member of the Latter Day Saint movement and the eldest surviving child and only daughter of Joseph Smith and Emma Hale Smith.	Julia Murdock Smith	Joseph Smith
father	Tydfil was the daughter of King Brychan by his fourth wife.	Tydfil	Brychan
father	Caleb Warner (born September 12, 1922), son of Langdon Warner (Harvard professor who studied the Silk Road and was purportedly the model for Hollywood's Indiana Jones).	Caleb Warner	Langdon Warner
father	Galswintha (540--568) was the daughter of Athanagild, Visigothic king of Hispania (the Iberian Peninsula, comprising modern Spain and Portugal), and Goiswintha.	Galswintha	Athanagild
father	Charles Edison (August 3, 1890 -- July 31, 1969) was a son of Thomas Edison and Mina Miller.	Charles Edison	Thomas Edison
father	Mike Greenstein was born in Wichita Falls, Texas on December 6, 1920 at a time when his father, legendary strongman Joe Greenstein, was working in the oil fields in Texas.	Mike Greenstein	Joe Greenstein
father	Tippity Witchet was a son of the great sire Broomstick who was the son of Ben Brush.	Tippity Witchet	Broomstick
father	James Stewart, Duke of Ross (March 1476 -- January 1504) was the son of King James III of Scotland and Margaret of Denmark.	James Stewart, Duke of Ross	James III of Scotland
father	Ahmed III (Ottoman Turkish: احمد ثالث Aḥmed-i sālis) (December 30/31, 1673 -- July 1, 1736) was Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and a son of Sultan Mehmed IV (1648--87).	Ahmed III	Mehmed IV
father	Edmund C. Hinde was the son of Thomas S. Hinde and he was born in Urbana, Champaign County, Ohio on April 6, 1830.	Edmund C. Hinde	Thomas S. Hinde
father	Johann II Bernoulli (18 May 1710, Basel -- 17 July 1790, Basel; also known as Jean) was the youngest of the three sons of Johann Bernoulli.	Johann II Bernoulli	Johann Bernoulli
father	Olav Versto hailed from Vinje, and was the grandson of Olav Aslakson Versto and son of Aslak Versto, both politicians.	Olav Versto	Aslak Versto
father	Elaine Hammerstein was the daughter of opera producer Arthur Hammerstein and the granddaughter of Oscar Hammerstein.	Elaine Hammerstein	Arthur Hammerstein
father	Lysandra (Greek: Λυσάνδρα, meaning ``Liberator, Emancipator''; lived 3rd century BC) was a daughter of Ptolemy I Soter and Eurydice, a daughter of Antipater.	Lysandra	Ptolemy I Soter
father	Duy Tân (at the time, known by his birth name, Prince Nguyễn Phúc Vĩnh San) was son of the Thành Thái emperor.	Duy Tân	Thành Thái
father	Joe Tracini was born in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, the son of comedian Joe Pasquale.	Joe Tracini	Joe Pasquale
father	Sired by Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee Deputy Minister, Touch Gold was out of the mare Passing Mood, a daughter of U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Buckpasser.	Touch Gold	Deputy Minister
father	Hyas, in Greek mythology, was a son of the Titan Atlas by Aethra (one of the Oceanids).	Hyas	Atlas
father	George Darell Shee (12 July 1843 -- 15 December 1894, Felixstowe) was an English judge, and oldest son of the Anglo-Irish judge and politician Sir William Shee.	George Darell Shee	William Shee
father	Thomas Percy, 1st Baron Egremont (29 November 1422, in Leconfield, Yorkshire -- 10 July 1460, at the Battle of Northampton) Percy was the son of Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland and Lady Eleanor Neville, being made Lord Egremont in 1449.	Thomas Percy, 1st Baron Egremont	Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland
father	Owen Roe O'Neill was the illegitimate son of Art MacBaron O'Neill, a son of Matthew O'Neill, 1st Baron Dungannon and younger brother of Hugh O'Neill, Earl of Tyrone (the Great O'Neill), who held lands in County Armagh.	Owen Roe O'Neill	Art MacBaron O'Neill
father	Valentine Dyall (7 May 1908 -- 24 June 1985), the son of veteran actor Franklin Dyall and his first wife Mary Phyllis Dyall (née Logan), was an English character actor.	Valentine Dyall	Franklin Dyall
father	David Keith-Lucas was one of the sons of Keith Lucas, who invented the first aeronautical compass.	David Keith-Lucas	Keith Lucas
father	Following her father John Scott Haldane and elder brother J. B. S. Haldane, Naomi Mitchison initially pursued a scientific career.	Naomi Mitchison	John Scott Haldane
father	Catherine Hiegel is the daughter of Pierre Hiegel, radio host, music critic, radio producer and artistic director of French houses of discs.	Catherine Hiegel	Pierre Hiegel
headquarters location	Sun King Brewing is a brewery in the Cole-Noble District of Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	Sun King Brewing	Indianapolis
headquarters location	Bassetti Architects is an architectural firm based in Seattle, Washington with a second office in Portland, Oregon.	Bassetti Architects	Seattle
headquarters location	The Idaho Central Credit Union (ICCU), is a state chartered credit union headquartered in Chubbuck, Idaho.	Idaho Central Credit Union	Chubbuck
headquarters location	Bristol-Myers Squibb, often referred to as BMS, is an American pharmaceutical company, headquartered in New York City.	Bristol-Myers Squibb	New York City
headquarters location	Acne Studios is a multidisciplinary luxury fashion house based in Stockholm, Sweden with own-brand retail stores in locations around the world.	Acne Studios	Stockholm
headquarters location	DeSoto Records is an American record label based in Washington, D.C. Founded in 1989, it is run by Bill Barbot and Kim Coletta, both formerly of the band Jawbox.	DeSoto Records	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Consolidated Theatres was a movie theater chain based in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Consolidated Theatres	Charlotte
headquarters location	Blue Omega Entertainment was an American film and video game company, located in Annapolis, Maryland.	Blue Omega	Annapolis
headquarters location	Klick Health is a digital marketing agency located in Toronto, Ontario.	Klick Health	Toronto
headquarters location	Century Motor Vehicle Company (1899--1903) was a manufacturer of electric and steam automobiles in Syracuse, New York.	Century Motor Vehicle Company	Syracuse
inception	The High Society are a glam rock group from Birmingham, United Kingdom formed in 2006 by Matt ``Maxi'' Browne and Martyn ``The Nelsta'' Nelson following the breakup of their previous band King Adora.	The High Society	2006
inception	KOS Media's first newspaper, the Kent on Sunday was launched as a free newspaper in 2002.	KOS Media	2002
inception	The Esperantist of the Year award was created in 1998.	Esperantist of the Year	1998
inception	In 1985, Ixcán was granted status as a separate municipality from San Miguel Uspantán.	Ixcán	1985
inception	Satair is an aircraft component and service company founded in 1957 in Denmark.	Satair	1957
inception	Bandcamp is a privately held company founded in 2007 by former Oddpost co-founders Ethan Diamond and Shawn Grunberger, together with programmers Joe Holt and Neal Tucker; providing an online music store launched in 2008, as well as a platform for artist promotion, that caters mainly to independent artists.	Bandcamp	2007
inception	Redlands College first opened in February 1988 with 91 students in Years 1-8, housed in demountable buildings.	Redlands College	1988
inception	In 1988, ME's Zoo, Inc. opened to the public Memorial Day weekend with 45 animals covering 55 acres.	ME's Zoo	1988
inception	Warp 11 formed in 1999 with Karl Miller, Brian Moore, Jeff Hewitt, and Kiki Stockhammer.	Warp 11	1999
inception	The Simon Fraser University Pipe Band was originally formed by a group of students at Simon Fraser University in 1966.	Simon Fraser University Pipe Band	1966
inception	``Cameco - Canadian Mining and Energy Corporation'' was formed in 1988 by the merger and privatization of two crown corporations: the federally owned Eldorado Nuclear Limited (known previously as Eldorado Mining and Refining Limited) and Saskatchewan-based Saskatchewan Mining Development Corporation (SMDC).	Cameco	1988
inception	Beatlejuice began in 1994 when John Muzzy and Brad Delp saw Bob Squires' Beatles cover band Merseyside play in Newburyport, Massachusetts and they decided to start their own band.	Beatlejuice	1994
inception	Reaper Miniatures started in Fort Worth, Texas on July 4, 1992.	Reaper Miniatures	1992
inception	Giuntini Project is an Italian heavy metal band, started in 1988 by guitarist Aldo Giuntini as a solo project.	Giuntini Project	1988
inception	Established in July 2011, by an Act of Parliament (The Bank of South Sudan Act, 2011), it replaced the now defunct Bank of Southern Sudan, a branch of the Bank of Sudan, which had served as the central bank of Southern Sudan, during the period between February 2005 until July 2011.	Bank of South Sudan	2011
inception	United Movement for Democratic Change is a Zimbabwean political party founded in November 2014 as a merger of two parties descended from the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC): the Movement for Democratic Change --	United Movement for Democratic Change	2014
inception	In 1986, the shopping center was bought and redeveloped over the years into Mashpee Commons.	Mashpee Commons	1986
inception	Razorlight are an English indie rock band formed in 2002 by lead singer and rhythm guitarist Johnny Borrell.	Razorlight	2002
inception	The Asian Lesbian Network was formed in March 1986 at the International Lesbian Information Service (ILIS) conference in Geneva, Switzerland, where lesbians from Bangladesh, India, the United States, Japan, and Thailand organized workshops during the conference.	Asian Lesbian Network	1986
inception	The Famine was an American heavy metal band that formed in 2007 in Arlington, Texas.	The Famine	2007
inception	In February 1987, the News-Press & Gazette Company (then owner of WJTV) launched WHLT in order to take advantage of local advertising and news opportunities in the Pine Belt region.	WHLT	1987
inception	Playtech plc is a gambling software development company founded in 1999.	Playtech	1999
inception	Collapsing Opposites is an indie rock group and music project from Vancouver, BC. It was founded in 2002 and has subsequently included over 18 different members.	Collapsing Opposites	2002
inception	Ideas of political autonomy later spread throughout Spanish America and Peru gained its independence, which was formally proclaimed in 1821.	Peru	1821
inception	The Portland Cello Project is a collective of cello players in Portland, Oregon who have been performing since October 2006.	The Portland Cello Project	2006
inception	The Women's National Book Association (WNBA) was established in 1917, as an organization to promote the role of women in the community of the book.	Women's National Book Association	1917
inception	Anybots Inc. is a robotics company founded in 2001 by Trevor Blackwell in Santa Clara, CA.	Anybots	2001
inception	Degel HaTorah was founded in 1988 as a splinter from Agudat Israel.	Degel HaTorah	1988
inception	Scholars at Risk was founded during a Human Rights Program in the University of Chicago in 1999.	Scholars at Risk	1999
inception	La mà de Guido is a Catalan music publishing house in Barcelona Spain founded in 1986 by the composer and musicologist Llorenç Balsach (b. 1953).	La mà de Guido	1986
inception	The Vasyl Stus Prize (Ukrainian: Премія імені Василя Стуса) given since January 1989, the first non-governmental prize were awarded for ``talent and courage'' people, which are worthy of the memory of Vasyl Stus.	Vasyl Stus Prize	1989
inception	Pegasus Capital Advisors L.P. is a private equity investment firm founded in 1995 by former co-founder of Apollo Management and Drexel Burnham Lambert lawyer, Craig Cogut.	Pegasus Capital Advisors	1995
inception	WFXI signed on November 1, 1989 as the area's fourth commercial television station.	WFXI	1989
inception	Russian Yakutsk was founded in 1632 as an ostrog (fort) by Pyotr Beketov.	Yakutsk	1632
inception	The International Seed Testing Association (ISTA) was founded in 1924 and has more than 100 members worldwide.	International Seed Testing Association	1924
inception	The Fellowship of Catholic University Students (FOCUS) is a Catholic outreach program for American college students founded in 1997 by Curtis Martin and Dr. Edward Sri at Benedictine College.	Fellowship of Catholic University Students	1997
inception	Created by the Danish-Japanese brothers Jens and Kim Rahbek Hansen and their brother-in-law Thor Andersen, the first Sticks'n'Sushi opened on Nansensgade (No. 59) on 22 March 1994.	Sticks'n'Sushi	1994
inception	Gamma Sigma Sigma (ΓΣΣ) is a national service sorority founded on October 12, 1952 at Beekman Tower in New York City by representatives of Boston University, Brooklyn College, Drexel Institute of Technology, Los Angeles City College, New York University, Queens College, University of Miami, and the University of Houston.	Gamma Sigma Sigma	1952
inception	Pizza Schmizza opened its first location on August 6, 1993 in downtown Hillsboro, Oregon by brothers Andre and Roger Jehan.	Pizza Schmizza	1993
inception	K.Pone.Inc also known as K.Pone.Inc Music Group is a music entertainment group established in 2002 by Cyril Kamar better known by his stage name as K.Maro and Jean-Francois Asselin.	K.Pone.Inc	2002
inception	Steel Attack is a power metal band from Sala, Sweden formed in 1995.	Steel Attack	1995
inception	Located in Washington D.C. the Marketing Research Association was founded in 1957.	Marketing Research Association	1957
inception	Breakglass Studios is a Canadian analogue and digital recording studio established in 2005.	Breakglass Studio	2005
inception	FISEC (Foro Iberoamericano Sobre Estrategias de Comunicación) or ``Latin American Forum on Communication Strategies'' is a nonprofit association founded in 2003 by a group of academic and professional experts as a common meeting point in the field of communication and strategy.	FISEC (Foro Iberoamericano Sobre Estrategias de Comunicación)	2003
inception	In 1998, the group released their first album, Trin-i-tee 5:7, debut at No. 1 on the Top Gospel charts and featured the songs ``God's Grace'' and the cover song ``Oh!	Trin-i-tee 5:7	1998
inception	Asian Karatedo Federation founded as APUKO (Asian Pacific Union of Karatedo Organizations) in the year 1973.	Asian Karatedo Federation	1973
inception	Sandella's Flatbread Café is an international fast casual restaurant chain founded in 1994 by Michael J. Stimola.	Sandella's Flatbread Café	1994
inception	Bajali College was established at Pathsala as a co-educational institution on 16th Aug, 1955.	Bajali College	1955
inception	The BBC Northern Dance Orchestra was a big band run by the BBC and formed in 1956 as the successor to the BBC's Northern Variety Orchestra, which had been formed on 1 April 1951.	BBC Northern Dance Orchestra	1951
inception	It was founded on March 7, 1705 by Ivan Medkov, a Cossack sotnik, as Biryuchenskoye Komissarstvo (Бирю́ченское Комисса́рство), and was granted town status in 1779.	Biryuch	1705
inception	In 1993, the Friends of Parks umbrella group was incorporated.	Friends of Parks	1993
inception	The Socialist Party of America was a multi-tendency democratic-socialist and social-democratic political party in the United States, formed in 1901 by a merger between the three-year-old Social Democratic Party of America and disaffected elements of the Socialist Labor Party which had split from the main organization in 1899.	Socialist Party of America	1901
inception	The Association of American Educators was founded in 1994 by Gary Beckner, his wife, and a group of nationally-recognized educators, including three National Teachers of the Year, many of whom continue to serve on the AAE Advisory Board.	Association of American Educators	1994
inception	Alstom (originally as Alsthom) was formed from a merger between Compagnie Française Thomson Houston and the Société Alsacienne de Constructions Mécaniques in 1928; significant acquisitions included the Constructions Electriques de France (1932), shipbuilder Chantiers de l'Atlantique (1976), and parts of ACEC SA (Belgium, late 1980s).	Alstom	1928
inception	120 Days (initiated 2001 in Kristiansund) was a Norwegian Rock band.	120 Days	2001
inception	The Schwenninger Wild Wings are a professional German ice hockey team from Villingen-Schwenningen in Baden-Wuerttemberg that was founded on 31 July 1904 and currently plays in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Schwenninger Wild Wings	1904
inception	The Coolies were an American alternative rock band from Atlanta, Georgia, active between 1986 and 1989.	The Coolies	1986
inception	Instruktsiya po Vyzhivaniyu (Instructions for Survival in English) are a Russian rock band from Tyumen, formed in 1985 by Miroslav Nemirov.	Instruktsiya po Vyzhivaniyu	1985
inception	The Crust Brothers, a band formed by Stephen Malkmus and members of Silkworm (Michael Dahlquist, Tim Midgett, and Andy Cohen), released one album, Marquee Mark, a live recording of their December 5, 1997, show at the Crocodile Cafe in Seattle, Washington.	The Crust Brothers	1997
inception	The International Ice Charting Working Group (IICWG) was formed in October 1999 to promote cooperation between the world's ice centers on all matters concerning sea ice and icebergs.	International Ice Charting Working Group	1999
inception	Spy Glass Blue was founded in 1995 and immediately released a self-titled vinyl EP.	Spy Glass Blue	1995
inception	The Mesker Park Zoo and Botanic Garden is a zoo that opened in 1928 in Evansville, Indiana.	Mesker Park Zoo and Botanic Garden	1928
inception	The Beauties of South Sudan is a beauty pageant in South Sudan and has been held since 2013.	Beauties of South Sudan	2013
inception	The first Uptons opened at Roswell Mall in Roswell, Georgia in 1985.	Uptons	1985
inception	Easily Ltd was founded in September 1999 as Easywebnames by Steve Procter In 2004, Easily Ltd was acquired by London-listed Group NBT plc, Europe's leading specialist domain name management company and one of the UK's largest providers of website hosting services.	Easily Ltd	1999
inception	Al Mayadeen (Arabic: الميادين ; English: The Plazas) is a pan-Arabist satellite television channel launched on 11 June 2012 in Beirut, Lebanon.	Al Mayadeen	2012
inception	Conspiracy Music, the trade name of Robison Records Limited, is an independent record label formed in 1999 by brothers Monte J. Robison and Taylor Robison.	Conspiracy Music	1999
inception	The Iraq Commitment Medal is a military campaign award that was created on June 11, 2011 by the Government of Iraq.	Iraq Commitment Medal	2011
inception	The International Glaciological Society (IGS) was founded in 1936 to provide a focus for individuals interested in glaciology, practical and scientific aspects of snow and ice.	International Glaciological Society	1936
inception	Since its foundation in 1989, Grand Marshal of Ayacucho Symphony Orchestra (Orquesta Sinfónica Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho, or OSGMA) has united a group of young Venezuelan musicians.	Grand Marshal of Ayacucho Symphony Orchestra	1989
inception	WTWP AM/FM were spun off the WTOP simulcast on March 30, 2006 with the sign-on of ``Washington Post Radio'' as WTWP AM/FM.	Washington Post Radio	2006
inception	Bulacan State University (Filipino: Pamantasang Pampamahalaan ng Bulacan) is a state-funded institution of higher learning established in 1904 by virtue of Act 74 of the Philippine Commission of 1901 as an intermediate school set up by the American regime.	Bulacan State University	1904
inception	The Marburg Mercenaries were formed in 1991 under the official name of AFV Marburg Mercenaries e.V..	Marburg Mercenaries	1991
inception	Butterfly Child was formed in Belfast, Northern Ireland in 1984.	Butterfly Child	1984
inception	The band was formed in 2005 and was originally intended to be named Black Breath but to the band's surprise the name Death Breath had never been used by a metalband.	Death Breath	2005
inception	The British Chess Variants Society (or BCVS) was an association of chess variant players and developers active between 1997 and 2010.	British Chess Variants Society	1997
inception	Flying Saucer Attack is an English experimental space rock band that formed in Bristol, England in 1992.	Flying Saucer Attack	1992
inception	The Red Chord is an American death metal band from Revere, Massachusetts, formed in 1999.	The Red Chord	1999
inception	Yeshivas Bircas HaTorah is an orthodox yeshiva for Talmud professionals located in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem, founded by Rabbi Shimon Green in 1989, and currently is headed by Rabbi Nissim Tagger and Rabbi Asher Baruch Wegbreit.	Bircas HaTorah	1989
inception	Creambell is an ice cream company in India, established by the RJ Corporation in 2003.	Creambell	2003
inception	Affliction Entertainment was an American mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion company created by Affliction Clothing in 2008.	Affliction Entertainment	2008
inception	In 1994, the FNSL and the CLGS merged and renamed to Lëtzebuerger Guiden a Scouten.	Lëtzebuerger Guiden a Scouten	1994
inception	The McNally Robinson Aboriginal Book of the Year Award is a Canadian literary award, presented annually since 2005 to a First Nations, Inuit or Métis writer for a work published in English in any literary genre.	McNally Robinson Aboriginal Book of the Year Award	2005
inception	The Boston Aquarial and Zoological Gardens (October 1860 -- June 1862) in Boston, Massachusetts, featured a public aquarium and zoo.	Boston Aquarial and Zoological Gardens	October 1860
inception	The South Superior Union Hall was built in 1921 in the southern part of what is now Superior, Wyoming.	South Superior Union Hall	1921
inception	Air Ambulance Jamaica was established in 2009 by President & CEO Duane Boise to provide residents of the Caribbean access to quality medical care in an emergency.	Air Ambulance Jamaica	2009
inception	In 1803, Napoleon raised the duchy to the Electorate of Württemberg of the Holy Roman Empire.	Electorate of Württemberg	1803
inception	LadyAID was first announced in December 2012 by the music group Lady Antebellum.	LadyAID	2012
inception	THAT Agency is an online advertising agency and web design firm founded in 2004 and headquartered in downtown West Palm Beach, Florida.	THAT Agency	2004
inception	Founded in Milan in 1872 by Giovanni Battista Pirelli, the company initially specialised in rubber and derivative processes and also made scuba diving rebreathers.	Pirelli	1872
inception	(the) Field of View (フィールド・オブ・ビュー Fīrudo obu Byū) was a popular Japanese rock band formed in 1994 by vocalist U-ya Asaoka, guitarist Takashi Oda, keyboardist Jun Abe and drummer Takuto Kohashi, with Jun Abe leaving and Kenji Niitsu joining the following year.	Field of View	1994
inception	In 1987, President Reagan created El Malpais National Monument and designated it a unit of the National Park Service.	El Malpais National Monument	1987
inception	They started collaborating under the name Duo Caron in 1990, mostly arranging and playing orchestral works for two pianos and piano duet.	Duo Caron	1990
inception	Petrolsoft Corporation (1989--2000) was a supply chain management software company with a focus on the petroleum industry.	Petrolsoft Corporation	1989
inception	Leif Höegh & Co is an international shipping company, founded in 1927 by Norwegian Leif Høegh (1896-1974).	Leif Höegh & Co	1927
inception	White Rose Theatre was founded by playwright and director Chris Bush while at the University of York in 2005.	White Rose Theatre	2005
inception	The National Information Governance Board for Health and Social Care (NIGB) was established in the United Kingdom under section 157 of the Health and Social Care Act 2008, with effect from October 2008, with a range of advisory functions relating to information governance.	National Information Governance Board for Health and Social Care	2008
inception	On May 27, 1949, some of his senior students, such as Isao Obata, Masatoshi Nakayama, and Hidetaka Nishiyama, formed a karate organization dedicated to research, promotion, events management, and education: the Japan Karate Association.	Japan Karate Association	1949
inception	Datastorm Technologies, Inc., was a computer software company that existed from 1986 until 1996.	Datastorm Technologies	1986
inception	The Cansecos is a Canadian electronic music band from Toronto formed in 2003.	The Cansecos	2003
inception	The Simmons Sirens started in 1989 when a group of Simmons students who wanted to share music on campus through a cappella.	Simmons Sirens	1989
inception	Congleton Museum Trust was established in 1985 by a group of people interested in local history.	Congleton Museum	1985
inception	From 1991 to 2011, the University of Texas at Brownsville and Texas Southmost College became a substantial presence in South Texas education, providing unique opportunities for more than 17,000 students from Texas, as well as from Mexico and elsewhere.	University of Texas at Brownsville	1991
inception	Laurelbank Public School is an English-medium school started by Dr. Mrs. Salma Mian in 1988 to serve the district of Baghbanpura in Lahore.	Laurelbank Public School	1988
inception	Tip the Van was an American rock/ska group formed in Marlborough, Connecticut in 2002.	Tip the Van	2002
inception	The Faders were a British female pop rock band, formed in January 2004 by Polydor Records.	The Faders	2004
inception	Media Capital SGPS, SA, is a Portuguese media corporation founded in 1988 (originally named SOCI - Sociedade de Comunicação Independente, founded by Luís Nobre Guedes), based in Oeiras, Lisbon.	Media Capital	1988
inception	Manuel O. Mari led the ``Urduja Business High School'' (now Caloocan City Business High School) from 2008 to 2011.	Caloocan City Business High School	2008
inception	The Science, Engineering & Technology Student of the Year Awards were presented to outstanding undergraduate students in the United Kingdom yearly between 1998 and 2013.	The Science, Engineering & Technology Student of the Year Awards	1998
inception	The Beautiful South was an English pop/rock group formed in 1988 by two former members of the Hull group the Housemartins--	The Beautiful South	1988
inception	ANT1 Cyprus (pronounced Antenna) is a free to air terrestrial TV channel established in 1993.	ANT1 Cyprus	1993
inception	Gesellschaft für Angewandte Mathematik und Mechanik (``Society of Applied Mathematics and Mechanics''), often referred to by the acronym GAMM, is a German society for the promotion of science, founded in 1922 by the physicist Ludwig Prandtl and the mathematician Richard von Mises.	Gesellschaft für Angewandte Mathematik und Mechanik	1922
inception	Elizabeth Arden raced under the nom de course ``Mr. Nightingale'' until 1943 when she adopted the name Maine Chance Farm from her health spa in Mount Vernon, Maine.	Maine Chance Farm	1943
inception	The Timewheel was unveiled on 1 May 2004 to commemorate the historic enlargement of the European Union that admitted Hungary (along with 9 other countries) to the EU.	Timewheel	2004
inception	Russell Moore and IIIrd Tyme Out (Formerly known as IIIrd Tyme Out) is a bluegrass band formed in 1991 in Cumming, Georgia.	Russell Moore and IIIrd Tyme Out	1991
inception	Stripes Group is a private equity and venture capital firm based in Manhattan, New York, founded in 2003.	Stripes Group	2003
inception	The Tour DuPont was a cycling stage race in the United States held between 1991 and 1996.	Tour DuPont	1991
inception	Pro Wrestling Women's Alliance also known as PWWA is an Australian independent professional wrestling promotion founded in 2007 by Ryan Eagles and Madison Eagles.	Pro Wrestling Women's Alliance	2007
inception	The Young Rite was born with the consecration of bishop Marcus van Alphen on 4 June 2006 by the independent bishops Johannes van Alphen, Mario Herrera Jorges and Benito Rodriguez Cruz using the rite of the Liberal Catholic Church.	The Young Rite	2006
inception	The Pastora de los Llanos were a baseball club which played in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League between the 1997-98 and 2006-07 seasons.	Pastora de los Llanos	1997
inception	The Party for Freedom and Progress (Dutch: Partij voor Vrijheid en Vooruitgang; French: Parti de la Liberté et du Progrès; German: Partei für Freiheit und Fortschritt, PVV-PLP) was a liberal political party in Belgium which existed from 1961 until 1992.	Party for Freedom and Progress	1961
inception	Qatar Airways was established on 22 November 1993; operations started on 20 January 1994.	Qatar Airways	1993
inception	Gulf Drilling International Limited (GDI) was established on 18 May 2004 as the first drilling contractor in the State of Qatar.	Gulf Drilling International	2004
inception	The David Horowitz Freedom Center, formerly the Center for the Study of Popular Culture (CSPC), is a conservative foundation founded in 1988 by political activist David Horowitz and his long-time collaborator Peter Collier.	David Horowitz Freedom Center	1988
inception	Emma Bridgewater is a British ceramics manufacturer founded in 1985, owned and run by Emma Rice née Bridgewater and Matthew Rice.	Emma Bridgewater	1985
inception	Holy Noise was an electronic dance music group from the early 1990s best known for the 1991 song ``James Brown is Still Alive''.	Holy Noise	1991
inception	E. Thomas Chaney, former executive of Hospital Affiliates, Inc. and David Steffy and Richard Ragsdale, former executives at Hospital Corporation of America spinoff Republic Health Corporation, formed Community Health Systems in 1985.	Community Health Systems	1985
inception	Dansko was founded in 1990 by husband and wife team, Peter Kjellerup and Mandy Cabot.	Dansko	1990
inception	The Billabong Pro Teahupoo was first founded in 1999, and ever since has been recognized as ``one of the worlds heaviest big wave competitions''.	Billabong Pro Teahupoo	1999
inception	Seven Day Jesus (a.k.a. 7DJ or SDJ) was a Christian rock band formed in Huntington, West Virginia in 1994.	Seven Day Jesus	1994
inception	The Yilin Press (simplified Chinese: 译林出版社; traditional Chinese: 譯林出版社; pinyin: Yìlín Chūbănshè) is a publishing house established in 1988, as a division of Phoenix Publishing & Media, Inc. (Chinese: 凤凰传媒出版集团), and focused on academic publishing.	Yilin Press	1988
inception	Bejam was a British frozen food retailer, which was founded by John Apthorp in 1968, based in Stanmore.	Bejam	1968
inception	Pantheon I was founded as a side-project in 2002 by Tjalve (from 1349).	Pantheon I	2002
inception	ReLINE Software was a German game development company founded by Uwe Grabosch and Holger Gehrmann in Hannover in 1987.	ReLINE Software	1987
inception	The Union of Trekking Travels Rafting Workers Nepal (UNITRAV) is a Nepali trade union founded in 1994.	Union of Trekking Travels Rafting Workers Nepal	1994
inception	The Arica School, also known as the Arica Institute (which is its incorporated educational organization) or simply as Arica, is a human potential movement group founded in 1968 by Bolivian-born philosopher Oscar Ichazo (born 1931).	Arica School	1968
inception	It was founded in 2003 as a merger of the Norwegian Union of Municipal Employees and the Norwegian Association of Health and Social Care Personnel	Norwegian Union of Municipal Employees	2003
inception	At his death, Cognacq gave the collection to the City of Paris, which in 1929 inaugurated the Musée Cognacq-Jay at 25 boulevard des Capucines.	Musée Cognacq-Jay	1929
inception	Porterbrook was created in 1994 as part of the privatisation of British Rail.	Porterbrook	1994
inception	Susi Air was established in late 2004 by Susi Pudjiastuti, it was originally set up to transport the fisheries cargo of sister company PT ASI Pudjiastuti, because land transportation to Jakarta took around 12 hours, too long to maintain the freshness of the company's marine produce as they make their way into restaurants and merchants.	Susi Air	2004
inception	Los Quetzales National Park, (LQNP) located 97 kilometers from San Isidro de El General, Costa Rica, was created in 2005.	Los Quetzales National Park	2005
inception	The Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya (Hebrew: המרכז הבינתחומי הרצליה‎ HaMerkaz HaBein Tkhumi Herzliya; abbreviated IDC Herzliya) is a private, not-for-profit, and nonsectarian, research college in Israel founded in 1994 by Uriel Reichman.	Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya	1994
inception	Bryan & Katie Torwalt are an American Christian music husband and wife duo from Sacramento, California, and they started their music recording careers in 2006.	Bryan & Katie Torwalt	2006
inception	The Nearly Deads are an American alternative rock band from Nashville, Tennessee, formed in 2010.	The Nearly Deads	2010
inception	Established in 1955, West Bay Opera is the second oldest continuously running opera company in California (after San Francisco Opera).	West Bay Opera	1955
inception	Formed in 1994, Young Muslims Canada is one of the largest Muslim youth groups in Canada.	Young Muslims Canada	1994
inception	Catherine Wheels Theatre Company is a Scotland-based charitable organisation formed in 1999 by Artistic Director Gill Robertson.	Catherine Wheels Theatre Company	1999
inception	In 1999 it was split off and became the DeKalb School of the Arts.	DeKalb School of the Arts	1999
inception	Antea LifeStyle Center or simply Antea is a shopping mall in the city of Querétaro, Mexico, which was opened in November 2013.	Antea LifeStyle Center	2013
inception	L’Orchestre symphonique national du Liban or The Lebanese National Symphony Orchestra was founded in late 1999 in Beirut under the guidance of Dr. Walid Gholmieh and the management of Le Conservatoire libanais national supérieur de musique or The Lebanese National Higher Conservatory of Music.	Lebanese National Symphony Orchestra	1999
inception	Eastern Aleutian Tribes (EAT) was formed in 1991 and includes seven Aleut tribes from the Aleutian Islands and Alaska Peninsula.	Eastern Aleutian Tribes	1991
inception	Placid Casual is the Cardiff based record label set up in 1998 by Super Furry Animals.	Placid Casual	1998
inception	The first Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill restaurants opened in 2005 in Oklahoma, Keith's native state, in Oklahoma City and at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Tulsa.	Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill	2005
inception	John Schumann and the Vagabond Crew is an Australian folk group formed in Adelaide in 2005.	John Schumann and the Vagabond Crew	2005
inception	Haldia Government College, established in 1988, is the only government college in Purba Medinipur district.	Haldia Government College	1988
inception	CityBird was an airline founded in 1996, and based in Building 117D, Melsbroek Airport in Zaventem.	CityBird	1996
inception	Entwicklungsring Süd (EWR) was a German consortium formed in 1959 to build a Mach 2 Vertical Take-Off Interceptor for the Luftwaffe.	Entwicklungsring Süd	1959
inception	The Golden Collar Awards were created in 2012 by the website Dog News Daily, a commercial web site dedicated to the products for dogs that has been created in 2009.	Golden Collar Awards	2012
inception	Founded as Hong Kong Corinthian Yacht Club (H.K.Y.C.) in 1890, it became the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club in 1894.	Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club	1890
inception	Although association football had been present in Pécs since the early 20th century, the predecessor of Pécsi MFC was founded later, in 1950 with the name Pécsi Dózsa.	Pécsi MFC	1950
inception	The National Philharmonic of Russia (NPR) is an orchestra, formed in January 2003 on the initiative of Russian President Vladimir Putin and the Ministry of Culture.	National Philharmonic of Russia	2003
inception	E-commerce China Dangdang Inc. (Chinese: 当当网), known as Dangdang, is a Chinese electronic commerce company, founded by Peggy Yu and Li Guoqing in 1999.	Dangdang	1999
inception	Designed by architects Pringle Richards Sharratt, Gallery Oldham was completed in its original form in February 2002.	Gallery Oldham	2002
inception	The Eternal Afflict is a band from Essen, Germany, started in 1989.	The Eternal Afflict	1989
inception	The Hampton Court Palace Festival is an annual musical event held in June which was established in 1993.	Hampton Court Palace Festival	1993
inception	The Spike Video Game Awards (also known as the VGAs, and the VGX in its final year) was an annual award show hosted by Spike TV between 2003 and 2013 (a decade long run) that recognized the best computer and video games of the year.	Spike Video Game Awards	2003
inception	Clearwire traces its roots to 1998, when Sierra Technologies, Inc., spun off certain assets to form a new company, Clearwire Technologies Inc. In October 2003, Craig McCaw purchased Clearwire Technologies, Inc. parent company Clearwire Holdings and moved the company headquarters to Kirkland, Washington.	Clearwire	2003
inception	Rescue One Financial was founded in 2007 by Bradley Smith, Mark Photoglou, and Branden Millstone with a focus on consumer debt management.	Rescue One Financial	2007
inception	The Meteoritical Society is a non-profit scholarly organization founded in 1933 to promote research and education in planetary science with emphasis on studies of meteorites and other extraterrestrial materials that further our understanding of the origin and history of the solar system.	Meteoritical Society	1933
inception	Cinelli was founded in 1948 by Cino Cinelli (born Montespertoli, Italy, 9 February 1916, died 20 April 2001), a former professional road racer and president of the Italian Cyclists' Association.	Cinelli	1948
inception	Equality Texas was founded in 1989 as a 501(c)(4) nonprofit corporation.	Equality Texas	1989
inception	Mali Health, established in 2006, is a non-governmental organization with 501(c)(3) status that strives to empower impoverished peri-urban communities in Mali, Africa to transform maternal and child health sustainably.	Mali Health	2006
inception	On March 25, 2008, the Los Angeles Unified School District Board of Education voted to name the school as Edward R. Roybal Learning Center for former Congressman Edward R. Roybal, who represented this area in Congress and whose daughter, Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard, is representing the area.	Edward R. Roybal Learning Center	2008
inception	The Company Comotor SA was a joint venture between NSU and Citroën, created in Luxembourg in April 1967.	Comotor	1967
inception	The European Patent Organisation (sometimes abbreviated EPOrg in order to distinguish it from the European Patent Office, one of the two organs of the organisation) is a public international organisation created in 1977 by its contracting states to grant patents in Europe under the European Patent Convention (EPC) of 1973.	European Patent Organisation	1977
inception	The Halifax Explosion Memorial Sculpture was a work of public art in Halifax, Nova Scotia created in 1966 by the Quebec artist Jordi Bonet to commemorate the Halifax Explosion.	Halifax Explosion Memorial Sculpture	1966
inception	The Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde in Wien (English: Society of Friends of the Music in Vienna, also known as the Musikverein, English: Music Association), was founded in 1812 by Joseph Sonnleithner, general secretary of the Court Theatre, Vienna, Austria.	Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde	1812
inception	The 2006 Pitchfork Music Festival was the first festival organized and run entirely by Pitchfork Media.	Pitchfork Music Festival	2006
inception	WFTN-FM signed on the air in 1987 as Adult Contemporary 94FM.	WFTN-FM	1987
inception	The Authentic Costeño Autonomy Movement (Spanish: Movimiento Auténtico Autónomo Costeño - MAAC) is a regional Nicaraguan political party founded in 1993 by Faran Dometz Hebbert, a Moravian pastor from Pearl Lagoon and former director of the Moravian High School in Bluefields.	Authentic Costeño Autonomy Movement	1993
inception	Permanent TSB, previously the Irish Permanent Building Society, was founded as The Irish Temperance Permanent Benefit Building Society which was founded in 1884.	Permanent TSB	1884
inception	The Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum was founded in 1984 as a not-for-profit organization.	Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum	1984
inception	The Republic of Ararat, led by the central committee of Xoybûn party, declared independence on October 28, 1927 or 1928, during a wave of rebellion among Kurds in southeastern Turkey.	Republic of Ararat	1927
inception	The National Animal Welfare Trust (NAWT) is an animal welfare charity founded in 1971, which operates no-kill rescue centres for animals and birds.	National Animal Welfare Trust	1971
inception	Where's Everybody (WE) was founded in 1999 as a TV production company, a partnership between Peppi Azzopardi, Lou Bondi and PJ Vassallo Mintoff.	Where's Everybody	1999
inception	Modenas was formed in 1995 and majority of its shares were held by Kawasaki, Sojitz, Khazanah Nasional and DRB-HICOM.	Modenas	1995
inception	Ironbound Films, Inc., was founded in 2003 by Seth Kramer and Daniel A. Miller, with Jeremy Newberger joining as CEO in 2004.	Ironbound Films	2003
inception	The International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) was established by Austria and Switzerland in 1993 and has since grown to 14 member states.	International Centre for Migration Policy Development	1993
inception	A University Development Center (UDC) is an educational-work co-operational program that was founded by Smiths Aerospace in 2005, which was acquired in 2007 by GE Aviation, in Houghton, Michigan.	University Development Center	2005
inception	Petróleos Mexicanos, which translates as Mexican Petroleums and is trademarked and better known as Pemex (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpemeks)), is the Mexican state-owned petroleum company, created in 1938 by nationalization or expropriation of all private, foreign, and domestic companies at that time.	Pemex	1938
inception	Bad Boys Blue was formed in the summer of 1984 by German producer Tony Hendrik and his lyricist wife Karin van Haaren.	Bad Boys Blue	1984
inception	Vanbot released her self-titled debut album on April 15, 2011.	Vanbot	2011
inception	In 1971, Peter Grogg founded Bachem Feinchemikalien AG with two employees in Liestal near Basel with the focus on peptide synthesis.	Bachem	1971
inception	Stony Brook Manhattan was established in 2002 as a branch facility of State University of New York at Stony Brook.	Stony Brook Manhattan	2002
inception	The Coalition for Rescheduling Cannabis is a U.S. organization founded c. 2002 to support removal of marijuana from Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act.	Coalition for Rescheduling Cannabis	2002
inception	Formed in 2002, Imusicapella is a non-profit, amateur, and self--supporting choir composed of young professionals and students from Imus and nearby towns of Cavite under the leadership of Tristan Ignacio.	Imusicapella	2002
inception	ALHOSN University is an educational institution founded in 2005 and located in Abu Dhabi, the capital city of the United Arab Emirates.	ALHOSN University	2005
inception	Les Plus Beaux Villages de France (meaning ``the most beautiful villages of France'') is an independent association, created in 1982, that aims to promote small and picturesque French villages of quality heritage.	Les Plus Beaux Villages de France	1982
inception	Established in 2002, The National Tidal and Sea Level Facility is responsible for monitoring sea levels in the UK.	National Tidal and Sea Level Facility	2002
inception	Incognito Entertainment (originally Incog Inc.) was an American video game development company founded in May 1999 and is the developer of titles such as Twisted Metal and Warhawk.	Incognito Entertainment	1999
inception	The Company was formed by Ultramar plc, a British Group, who established operations in Canada in 1961.	Ultramar	1961
inception	LuLu and the TomCat (LuLu et le Matou) is a Juno nominated children's musical group formed in Roland, Manitoba, Canada in 2001.	LuLu and the TomCat	2001
inception	Buck left 10,000 Maniacs for several months in 1998-1999 to concentrate on League of Blind Women and was replaced in the Maniacs by Michael Lee Jackson of the band Animal Planet.	League of Blind Women	1998
inception	Eclipse Internet began in 1995 as a South West internet service provider utilising an 0845 dialup number.	Eclipse Internet	1995
inception	The Maoist Communist Party of Manipur (MCPM) was formed in September 2011 after a faction of the Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP), known as Kangleipak Communist Party (Maoist), amended its constitution in accordance with Marxism--	Maoist Communist Party of Manipur	2011
inception	Lucid Druid is a Celtic fusion band that formed in Clearwater, Florida in 2003.	Lucid Druid	2003
inception	Taifu Comics is a French manga publisher established in 2004.	Taifu Comics	2004
inception	The inaugural ACC Twenty20 Cup in 2007 was jointly won by Afghanistan and Oman.	ACC Twenty20 Cup	2007
inception	Holts, the predecessor of British Boot Company, started out in 1851 selling hob nail boots.	British Boot Company	1851
inception	The Foundation Cup was introduced in 2007 to celebrate the foundation of rugby league in Australia.	Foundation Cup	2007
inception	From 1968 to 1991 Vangaži had a relatively strong football club - known at first as Celtnieks Vangaži, then renamed to Betons Vangaži.	Vangaži	1991
inception	Terravision, founded in 2002 in Rome, is an airport transfer company operating in Europe.	Terravision	2002
inception	The Hedda Award is a Norwegian theatre award, first awarded in 1998.	Hedda Award	1998
inception	King Changó (1996) The Return of El Santo (2000)	King Changó	1996
inception	WLGH began broadcasting in December 1996 as ``The Light''.	WLGH	1996
inception	Omar Goodness is an American pop rock band, formed in Warsaw, Indiana in 1997.	Omar Goodness	1997
inception	The Perth Pelicans played their first Australian Junior Ice Hockey League game on Monday October 21, 2013 against the Perth Sharks.	Perth Pelicans	2013
inception	Andre Garcia is a luxury cigar case brand started in 2003 by Abhik Roy from Calcutta India.	Andre Garcia	2003
inception	The original ``MERS'' was simply the acronym of Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc., in 1995.	Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems	1995
inception	The Latin Mass Society of Ireland (LMSI), founded in 1999, is a Roman Catholic society based in Ireland that is dedicated to the preservation of the traditional Latin Mass as one of the forms of the Church's liturgy and to making it more widely available.	Latin Mass Society of Ireland	1999
inception	Fly Records is a British independent record label, established in 1970 by the independent music publisher David Platz, and initially managed by Malcolm Jones from the offices of Essex Music in London.	Fly Records	1970
inception	The Chiltern Shakespeare Company is a Shakespearean theatre company founded in 1989 that produces Shakespearean plays annually in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire.	Chiltern Shakespeare Company	1989
inception	The University of Fribourg was finally created in 1889 by an Act of the parliament of the Swiss Canton of Fribourg.	University of Fribourg	1889
inception	Hatchet House is the sub-label of independent record label Psychopathic Records, based in Royal Oak, Michigan in the United States, which was formed in 2007 by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse.	Hatchet House	2007
inception	Many of the members of the Kumbia Kings opted to stay with Cruz and released their first album as Los Super Reyes in August 2007.	Los Super Reyes	2007
inception	The Port Colborne Harbour Railway (reporting mark TRRY), formed in 1997, serves various industries in the Port Colborne area and along the New Welland Canal.	Port Colborne Harbour Railway	1997
inception	Ulysses and the Sirens is a 1909 oil painting by Herbert James Draper measuring 69.25 x 84 in.	Ulysses and the Sirens	1909
inception	The Basics (/ˈbæzɪtʃ/ BAZZ-ich) are an Australian band, formed by Wally De Backer (more commonly known as Gotye) and Kris Schroeder in 2002, later joined by Tim Heath.	The Basics	2002
inception	Yerevan Brandy Company was founded in 1887 by a wealthy 1st guild merchant Nerses Tairyants with the help of his cousin Vasily Tayrov.	Yerevan Brandy Company	1887
inception	Founded by Shane Tierney, Seventh Level Records was previously known as Judas Cradle Productions from 2001-2005.	Seventh Level Records	2001
inception	2Wire, Inc., was (between 1998 and 2010) a home networking Customer Premises Equipment (CPE) manufacturer that provided telecommunications companies with hardware, software, service platforms, and remote CPE management systems.	2Wire	1998
inception	The company was founded in 2005 by Chairman and CEO of Milai Vanuatu, Nicholas Lee.	Milai Vanuatu	2005
inception	NorCD (established 1991 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian record label for folk, jazz, world music and improvisational music, led by the founder saxophonist and composer Karl Seglem.	NorCD	1991
inception	Adrenaline Mob is a heavy metal supergroup formed in early 2011 by singer Russell Allen (Symphony X), guitarist Mike Orlando and drummer Mike Portnoy (ex-Dream Theater).	Adrenaline Mob	2011
inception	Mazdaspeed began in 1967 as ``Mazda Sports Corner'', an independent racing team and tuning operation run by Takayoshi Ohashi, who also ran Mazda's Tokyo distributor.	Mazdaspeed	1967
inception	The Biel Solothurn Symphony Orchestra (Sinfonie Orchester Biel Solothurn / Orchestre Symphonique Bienne Soleure) was founded in 1969 and has since gained an important place within the Swiss music scene.	Biel Solothurn Symphony Orchestra	1969
inception	Adopted as Holograph was originally formed in 2009 by former Uncle John & Whitelock and Cannon guitarist, David Philp.	Adopted as Holograph	2009
inception	The Church of Scientology International (CSI) was incorporated on November 18, 1981 in Los Angeles, California by Richard Murray.	Church of Scientology International	1981
inception	Western Hospital was first opened as Lanka Medicare Company in 1984, with the aim of providing kidney care to patients in Sri Lanka.	Western Hospital	1984
inception	The Art McNally Award is an annual award created in 2002 by the then National Football League (NFL) Commissioner, Paul Tagliabue, and given to an NFL game official who exhibits exemplary professionalism, leadership, and commitment to sportsmanship, on and off the field.	Art McNally Award	2002
inception	LTK Commune (aka LTK, Taiwanese: Lô-chúi-khoe Kong-siā 濁水溪公社) is a well-known Taiwanese ``underground'' band founded in 1990.	LTK Commune	1990
inception	The United Nations Foundation was launched in 1998 with a $1 billion gift from Ted Turner to support the United Nations causes.	United Nations Foundation	1998
inception	The Brass Action formed in 2007 in Vancouver, BC, and have since released two independent full-length albums.	The Brass Action	2007
inception	Siddhinath Mahavidyalaya, established in 2013, is the government degree college in Purba Medinipur district.	Siddhinath Mahavidyalaya	2013
inception	Lord Kaos was an Australian black metal band that formed in Sydney in 1994.	Lord Kaos	1994
inception	The GP2 Series, GP2 for short, is a form of open wheel motor racing introduced in 2005 following the discontinuation of the long-term Formula One feeder series, Formula 3000.	GP2 Series	2005
inception	The Dole Nutrition Institute (DNI) is a research and education foundation based in Westlake Village, California founded in 2003 by David H. Murdock, chairman of Dole Food Company and an ardent practitioner of a nutrient-dense diet and fitness at age 87.	Dole Nutrition Institute	2003
inception	Unicorn College received state approval and accreditation of study programs at the end of 2006.	Unicorn College	2006
inception	The National Public Order Intelligence Unit (NPOIU) was run by the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) a private company connected to United Kingdom police intelligence and was set up in 1999 to track green activists and public demonstrations.	National Public Order Intelligence Unit	1999
inception	According to Arab sources, the site of Margat Castle was first fortified in 1062 by Muslims who continued to hold it within the Christian Principality of Antioch in the aftermath of the First Crusade.	Margat	1062
inception	Alphington Grammar School is an independent, co-educational secondary school located in Alphington, Victoria, Australia, established by the Greek Orthodox Community of Melbourne and Victoria in 1989.	Alphington Grammar School	1989
inception	Dresdner Kleinwort was established in July 1995 when Kleinwort Benson was acquired by Dresdner Bank.	Dresdner Kleinwort	1995
inception	Sculptured Software was founded by Bryan Brandenburg, George Metos and Peter Adams in 1984.	Sculptured Software	1984
inception	Agni Air Pvt. Ltd. (Nepali: अग्नि एयर प्रा. ली. - Agni Eyr Prā. Lī., or simply अग्नि एयर) was an airline based in Nepal which started operations in March 2006.	Agni Air	2006
inception	The Palestine Red Crescent Society was founded in 1968, by Fathi Arafat, Yasser Arafat's brother.	Palestine Red Crescent Society	1968
inception	GoGoGo Airheart was a post-punk band from San Diego, California, that was active from 1996 to 2006.	GoGoGo Airheart	1996
inception	Opened in 1894, the Basel Historical Museum (German: Historisches Museum Basel) is one of the largest and most important museums of its kind in Switzerland, and a heritage site of national significance.	Basel Historical Museum	1894
inception	The Cirrus Aircraft Corporation (originally Cirrus Design) is an aircraft manufacturer that was founded in 1984 by Alan and Dale Klapmeier to produce the VK-30 kit aircraft.	Cirrus Aircraft	1984
inception	Thor Industries, Inc. was founded on August 29, 1980, when Wade F. B. Thompson and Peter Busch Orthwein acquired Airstream.	Thor Industries	1980
inception	The Spreckels Theater Building was built in San Diego, California in 1912.	Spreckels Theater Building	1912
inception	Sinclair-Stevenson Ltd is a British publisher founded in 1989 by Christopher Sinclair-Stevenson.	Sinclair-Stevenson	1989
inception	Nyati Cement is one of the youngest cement manufactures in Tanzania and began operations in July 2014.	Nyati Cement	2014
inception	The ITU Sprint Distance Triathlon World Championships, inaugurated in 2010, involves a continuous swim-cycle-run, over distances half of the Olympic-distance, that is 750 m swim, 20 km bicycle and 5 km running.	ITU Sprint Distance Triathlon World Championships	2010
inception	Outpunk ran for seven issues, from 1992 till 1997, with contributions from queer punks such as Anonymous Boy, interviews with queercore bands and a split issue with Gary Fembot.	Outpunk	1992
inception	Odradek Records, based in the United States, was founded by John Anderson in 2012 as an artist-controlled label for performers wishing to release recordings with more freedom than with other labels.	Odradek Records	2012
inception	Pampers were introduced in 1961.	Pampers	1961
inception	Grums IK is a Swedish sports club based in the town of Grums, founded in 1920.	Grums IK	1920
inception	Elite Systems is a UK video game developer and publisher established in 1984 as Richard Wilcox Software.	Elite Systems	1984
inception	Ambit Energy was founded in 2006 in Addison, Texas by Jere Thompson Jr. and Chris Chambless.	Ambit Energy	2006
inception	Main article: 2013 Valais Women's Cup Held from 22 -- 25 September, the inaugural edition was contested by national teams, including London Olympics quarterfinalists Brazil and New Zealand.	Valais Women's Cup	2013
inception	The Temiscaming Titans were officially announced April 12, 2011.	Temiscaming Titans	2011
inception	BBC Thames Valley FM was a BBC Local Radio station covering the English counties of Oxfordshire and Berkshire, broadcasting between 1996 and 2000.	BBC Thames Valley FM	1996
inception	Poor Rich Ones (1989-2003) was a pop and rock band from Bergen, Norway, comprised by lead singer, songwriter and guitarist William Hut, keyboardist Bjørn Bunes, bassist Tor Sørensen, guitarists Eivind Kvamme, Espen Mellingen, and drummer Bjarte Ludvigsen (``blue'').	Poor Rich Ones	1989
inception	Louisville Shooters was a team from Louisville, Kentucky that competed in the Global Basketball Association during its inaugural 1991-1992 season and three games into its second season.	Louisville Shooters	1991
inception	Alliance for the Future (Spanish: Alianza por el Futuro) was a Peruvian political alliance formed by pro-Fujimori parties Change 90 (Cambio 90) and New Majority (Nueva Mayoría) for the 2006 national election.	Alliance for the Future	2006
inception	Tartu Visual Art School opened its doors on July 1, 1951 which is also considered the official birthday of Tartu Art School (the name was officially changed in 1960).	Tartu Art School	1951
inception	The Jugendbund Neudeutschland (Youth Federation New Germany) was a German Catholic organisation, founded in 1919 by Felix von Hartmann, the Archbishop of Cologne.	Jugendbund Neudeutschland	1919
inception	The Unity Bank of Canada was a small Canadian bank that was started in the 1972.	Unity Bank of Canada	1972
inception	The originally Danish Rialto Film company was founded in 1897 by Constantin Philipsen (1859--1925) in Copenhagen.	Rialto Film	1897
inception	Sateliti is a Bosnian Root music group formed in 1989.	Sateliti	1989
inception	Small World Social is a company founded in Sydney, Australia in 2008.	Small World Social	2008
inception	Established in 1999 by the Internet Service Providers Association, Fabrimetal and the Belgium Telecommunications Users Group, DNS Belgium adopted this decentralised network of registrars on December 11, 2000 in order to create a simpler, automated procedure for the registration of domain names.	DNS Belgium	1999
inception	Fight+ closed down on December 11, 2006 according to CanalDigital website.	Fight+	2006
inception	PIAS Recordings was founded in 1983 in Belgium as Play It Again Sam by Kenny Gates and Michel Lambot.	PIAS Recordings	1983
inception	With municipal reform, the new community of Hohenroda came into being in 1971 and 1972 through the merger of the communities of Ausbach, Mansbach and Ransbach.	Hohenroda	1971
inception	On October 1, 1991 the federal government of Nigeria established it as a federal university and the name was changed to the University of Uyo.	University of Uyo	1991
inception	Gas Safe Register replaces the previous system run by CORGI as of 1 April 2009 (Northern Ireland as of 1 April 2010).	Gas Safe Register	2009
inception	Kiberpipa (Slovene: Cyberpipe) is a hackerspace in Ljubljana, Slovenia, established in 2001 as a part of the K6/4 Institute.	Kiberpipa	2001
inception	Founded in 1994 by Marcia Dickstein, harpist and Artistic Director of The Debussy Trio, Fatrock Ink was associated for the first ten years with Theodore Presser Company of Pennsylvania.	Fatrock Ink	1994
inception	Yarra Trams was established in October 1997 when Met Tram was split into two business units in preparation for privatisation of the Public Transport Corporation.	Yarra Trams	October 1997
inception	RampantTV was started as a web version of the TV show Sextstation in November 2010.	RampantTV	2010
inception	The Redlands District Rugby League Football Club was formed in 1950 and plays out of Pinklands Reserve, in Thornlands, Queensland.	Redlands District Rugby League Football Club	1950
inception	When it opened in 1990, the Tiffany & Co. store at Fairfax Square was the largest outside of New York with 14,500 sq ft (1,350 m2) of retail space.	Fairfax Square	1990
inception	Caster then started Mannatech in 1993, as Congress prepared to pass the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994, which made feasible the profitable marketing of a wider spectrum of dietary supplements.	Mannatech	1994
inception	Radka Toneff Memorial Award (established in 1993) is a Norwegian award, given to individuals who are acting in the spirit of Norwegian jazz singer Radka Toneff.	Radka Toneff Memorial Award	1993
inception	Natural Albania (Albanian: Shqiperia Natyrale) is a nationalist political party in Albania created in 2010 by Koço Danaj.	Natural Albania	2010
inception	FC Aarau was formed on 26 May 1902 by workers from a local brewery.	FC Aarau	26 May 1902
inception	It was established in 1906 by Gabriel Voisin and his brother Charles, and was continued by Gabriel after Charles died in an automobile accident in 1912; the full official company name then became Société Anonyme des Aéroplanes G. Voisin (English: Aeroplanes Voisin public limited company).	Voisin	1906
inception	UC4, Automic's original company name, was founded in 1985 in Austria by Franz Beranek, and brought its first job scheduler to market in 1996.	Automic	1985
inception	Hesse-Homburg was formed into a separate landgraviate in 1622 by the landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt; it was to be ruled by his son, although it did not become independent of Hesse-Darmstadt until 1668.	Hesse-Homburg	1622
inception	Shopify was founded in 2004, and was initially based on earlier software written by its founders for their online snowboard store.	Shopify	2004
inception	Mercy Ships is an international charity that was founded in 1978 by Don and Deyon Stephens.	Mercy Ships	1978
inception	Payoneer was founded in 2005 with $2 million in seed funding from then-CEO Yuval Tal and other private investors.	Payoneer	2005
inception	Origins of WLTZ-DT2 began on April 2, 2009 when it was announced The CW would discontinuing its relationship with Pappas Telecasting-owned WLGA.	WLTZ-DT2	2009
inception	Soul Track Mind was founded in 2008 by Donovan Keith, who moved to Austin to start a band that would play original songs inspired by the soul music he grew up with.	Soul Track Mind	2008
inception	The Committee for Another Policy (Dutch: Comité voor een Andere Politiek, French: Comité pour une Autre Politique), abbreviated to CAP, is a Belgian left-wing political movement that was established in 2005, and became a political party since 2006.	Committee for Another Policy	2005
inception	The very first written reference to Kondopoga dates back to 1563.	Kondopoga	1563
inception	Wuxi Big Bridge Experimental High School(Wuxi Big Bridge Academy) (Chinese:无锡市大桥实验中学), founded in 1993, is a private high school located in the downtown historical Xueqianjie neighborhood of Wuxi, Jiangsu Province, China.	Wuxi Big Bridge Experimental High School	1993
inception	Wake Forest University is a private, independent, nonprofit, non-sectarian, coeducational research university in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, founded in 1834.	Wake Forest University	1834
inception	The Pera Museum was founded by the Suna and İnan Kıraç Foundation in 2005.	Pera Museum	2005
inception	In 1972, ALAN was the first company to introduce an all aluminum frameset made from aerospace grade aluminum.	ALAN	1972
inception	Top Channel is a national commercial television station from Tirana, Albania, founded in 2001 by businessman Dritan Hoxha.	Top Channel	2001
inception	Kuhn, Loeb & Co. was a bulge bracket investment bank founded in 1867 by Abraham Kuhn and Solomon Loeb.	Kuhn, Loeb & Co.	1867
inception	Acima was created in 2002 in partnership with Auchan, but in 2007 ONA Group (today known as the SNI) took over the business entirely.	Acima	2002
inception	Kill Matilda is a Canadian female-fronted, four-piece rock/punk/metal musical group formed in 2009 in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Kill Matilda	2009
inception	The Trust for Retailers and Retail Associates of India (TRRAIN), founded by B. S. Nagesh in 2011, aims to empower people in retail.	Trust for Retailers and Retail Associates of India	2011
inception	Arvingarna is a Swedish dansband, which was formed in 1989 and which competed in the Swedish Melodifestivalen in 1993, 1995, 1999 and 2002.	Arvingarna	1989
inception	Rescue Task Force was founded in 1988 to provide volunteer medical teams, medical supplies and clinics, humanitarian aid and livestock to remote, isolated regions of the globe.	Rescue Task Force	1988
inception	Sawiris Foundation for Social Development (Arabic: مؤسسة ساويرس للتنمية الإجتماعية) is an Egyptian charity organization linked with the Sawiris Family established in 2001 and a prominent institution of economic and social aid in Egypt.	Sawiris Foundation for Social Development	2001
inception	The Violet Archers released their debut album, The End of Part One, in 2005 on Northern Electric Records.	The Violet Archers	2005
inception	Simple Energy was founded by longtime friends Yoav Lurie and Justin Segall, classmates at Duke University in 2010.	Simple Energy	2010
inception	Moi dix Mois is a Japanese visual kei gothic metal band, founded in 2002 by Mana after Malice Mizer paused activities.	Moi dix Mois	2002
inception	GIFT University is a university located in Gujranwala established in 2002 by the Government of Punjab, Pakistan.	GIFT University	2002
inception	The Professional Risk Managers' International Association (PRMIA) is a non-profit organisation focused on the ``promotion of sound risk management standards and practices globally'', and ``the integration of practice and theory''; it was founded in 2002.	Professional Risk Managers' International Association	2002
inception	Torque Pharmaceuticals was started as a partnership concern in August 1985 with a small investment of 240,000 INR (US$18000).	Torque Pharmaceuticals	1985
inception	Full Surface Records was a record label founded by American hip hop recording artist and record producer Kasseem ``Swizz Beatz'' Dean, in 2001.	Full Surface Records	2001
inception	Lotuspool Records is an American independent record label formed in 1992 in Lawrence, Kansas by musicians Chris Garibaldi and Matt Hyde.	Lotuspool Records	1992
inception	Established in 1959 and listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange, the Interroll Group employs 1500 people at 28 subsidiaries worldwide and generated 2011 a turnover of 271.9 million Swiss francs.	Interroll	1959
inception	The Georgia Razors are an expansion franchise of the American Basketball Association which began play in the 2011--2012 season.	Georgia Razors	2011
inception	The Green Algeria Alliance (French: Alliance de l'Algérie verte), short Green Alliance is an Islamist coalition of political parties, created on 7 March 2012 for the Algerian legislative election, 2012.	Green Algeria Alliance	2012
inception	The International Chamber of Commerce was founded in 1919 to serve world business by promoting trade and investment, open markets for goods and services, and the free flow of capital.	International Chamber of Commerce	1919
inception	Tottenham University Technical College, opened in 2014, is a secondary educational institution focusing on education in the sciences, health and sports.	Tottenham University Technical College	2014
inception	Man with a Mission (stylized MAN WITH A MISSION) is a Japanese rock band with features of hard rock and dance-pop that was formed in 2010 in Shibuya, Japan.	Man with a Mission	2010
inception	St. Peters Central Public School also known as STPCPS is a reputed High School in Hanamakonda of Telangana, established in 1989.	St. Peters Central Public School	1989
inception	Insel Air was incorporated as a private limited liability company (Dutch: Besloten Vennootschap) on September 8, 1993 and is registered with the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Curaçao under number 64577.	Insel Air	1993
inception	Founded in 1995, Rothco is a fully integrated advertising agency based in Dublin, Ireland.	Rothco	1995
inception	Fuddruckers was founded as Freddie Fuddruckers in 1979 by Philip J. Romano in San Antonio, Texas, in a location converted to a restaurant from an old bank.	Fuddruckers	1979
inception	École des arts industriels et des mines is the name used during the Second French Empire to designate the French engineering school established in 1854 in Lille, North of France.	École des arts industriels et des mines	1854
inception	Aluu Airlines is a Greenlandic virtual airline founded 1 January 2015 and describes itself with the Greenlandic expression ``Aluu'' meaning a friendly ``Hello'' symbolizing the local touch and simultaneously welcoming everyone.	Aluu Airlines	2015
inception	E Nomine (from the Latin In Nomine, ``In The Name Of'') is a German musical project, formed in 1999, by producers Christian Weller and Friedrich ``Fritz'' Graner.	E Nomine	1999
inception	Brymon European Airways was an airline formed in November 1992 by the merger of Birmingham European Airways and Brymon Airways.	Brymon European Airways	1992
inception	The Congregation of Saint Michael the Archangel (CSMA), in Latin Congregatio Sancti Michaëlis Archangeli and also known as the Michaelite Fathers, is a religious institute of the Roman Catholic Church founded in 1897 by the Blessed Father Bronisław Markiewicz, a Polish priest from Miejsce Piastowe, Poland.	Congregation of Saint Michael the Archangel	1897
inception	On 6 June 1963, reflecting the fact that the command had a responsibility for U.S. military operations primarily in Central and South America, rather than in the Caribbean, it was formally redesignated as the United States Southern Command.	United States Southern Command	1963
inception	Vienna Independent Shorts was held in 2004 for the first time.	Vienna Independent Shorts	2004
inception	The first house in Severoonezhsk was built in February 1973 shortly after huge deposits of bauxite were discovered.	Severoonezhsk	1973
inception	The Sparrow Quartet is an American acoustic music group that formed in 2005.	Sparrow Quartet	2005
inception	The Lausanne Marathon or Marathon of Lausanne is an annual marathon race held in the Swiss city of Lausanne since 1993.	Lausanne Marathon	1993
inception	The Highland Wildlife Park was opened in 1972 and has been run by the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland (which also operates the Edinburgh Zoo) since 1986.	Highland Wildlife Park	1972
inception	Choir of Hope and Inspiration is an incorporated association (registered as Melbourne Street Choir, Inc) formed in March 2009 under the Associations Incorporation Act 1981 (Victoria).	Choir of Hope and Inspiration	2009
inception	The Metanexus Institute is a not-for-profit organization founded in 1997 to explore scientific and philosophical questions.	Metanexus Institute	1997
inception	Planview is an American software company founded in 1989 in Austin, Texas.	Planview	1989
inception	Eatza Pizza was a buffet-style restaurant chain founded in Arizona in 1997.	Eatza Pizza	1997
inception	In February 2003, KWBQ signed on Roswell-licensed satellite station KRWB-TV on UHF channel 21 to extend KWBQ's broadcast signal into southeastern New Mexico.	KWBQ	2003
inception	California State University, Stanislaus, (also known as Stanislaus State or simply Stan State) is a campus in the 23 school California State University system which was established in 1957 in Turlock, California, United States.	California State University, Stanislaus	1957
inception	The Academy of Music and Sound started in 1994 in Torquay, initially delivering Music Technology courses and private instrument lessons.	The Academy of Music and Sound	1994
inception	Further Seems Forever is an American rock band formed in 1998 in Pompano Beach, Florida.	Further Seems Forever	1998
inception	In September 2006, 48 youth organizations from across Canada met to discuss climate change and formed the Canadian Youth Climate Coalition.	Canadian Youth Climate Coalition	September 2006
inception	Care and Relief Foundation(Urdu: کئیر اینڈ ریلیف فاؤنڈیشن‎) or CRF, is an independent, non-profit organisation, founded in 2012 by Syed Zafar Ullah Shah.	Care and Relief Foundation	2012
inception	The first United Nations Emergency Force (UNEF) was established by United Nations General Assembly to secure an end to the Suez Crisis with resolution 1001 (ES-I) on November 7, 1956.	United Nations Emergency Force	1956
inception	Revolution LLC is an American investment firm based in Washington, D.C., founded in 2005 by Steve Case, Donn Davis, and Tige Savage.	Revolution LLC	2005
inception	The Israel Central Bureau of Statistics (Hebrew: הלשכה המרכזית לסטטיסטיקה‎, HaLishka HaMerkazit LiStatistika), abbreviated CBS, is an Israeli government office established in 1949 to carry out research and publish statistical data on all aspects of Israeli life, including population, society, economy, industry, education, and physical infrastructure.	Israel Central Bureau of Statistics	1949
inception	USA Technologies was founded in 1992 and holds more than 87 patents on their products and services.	USA Technologies	1992
inception	The Central Brooklyn Jazz Consortium (CBJC) created the Brooklyn Jazz Hall of Fame in 1999 and added a museum component in 2009 to further its mission of providing cultural programs to under served populations.	Central Brooklyn Jazz Consortium	1999
inception	Bad Rabbits is an American band from Boston, Massachusetts, founded in September 2007.	Bad Rabbits	2007
inception	The European Race Walking Cup is a race walking event established in 1996, and organised by the European Athletic Association.	European Race Walking Cup	1996
inception	The Société de biologie is a learned society founded in Paris in 1848.	Société de biologie	1848
inception	The Police Complaints Board (PCB) was the British government organisation tasked with overseeing the system for handling complaints made against police forces in England and Wales from 1 June 1977 until it was replaced by the Police Complaints Authority on 29 April 1985.	Police Complaints Board	June 1977
inception	The Kenan Institute for Ethics at Duke University began as the Kenan Ethics Program in the fall of 1995 with a five-year grant from the William R. Kenan, Jr. Fund for Ethics.	Kenan Institute for Ethics	1995
inception	Blind Myself is a Hungarian metalcore band that formed in 1995.	Blind Myself	1995
inception	Chuang Yi Publishing was founded in 1990 as a distributor of Japanese comics published in simplified Chinese.	Chuang Yi	1990
inception	As of 2005, roughly 90% of the New Forest is still owned by the Crown.	New Forest	2005
inception	HoneyBaked Ham is a food retailer founded in 1957.	HoneyBaked Ham	1957
inception	Serenity Media Group is a film production company founded in 2010 by Christie Hsiao.	Serenity Media Group	2010
inception	Alialujah Choir (LP Jealous Butcher Records) Alialujah Choir's self-titled debut was recorded over the course of two years at Type Foundry Studio in Portland, Oregon, and was released by Jealous Butcher Records in February 2012.	Alialujah Choir	2012
inception	San Miguel Brewery Hong Kong Ltd. (SMBHK) was established in 1948 as The Hong Kong Breweries Ltd. with its first brewery inaugurated in Sham Tseng.	San Miguel Brewery Hong Kong	1948
inception	The Ecumenical Catholic Church began in Santa Ana, California, in 1987.	Ecumenical Catholic Church	1987
inception	Isles & Glaciers was an American supergroup formed in 2008.	Isles & Glaciers	2008
inception	Their first album, the self-titled Gogh Van Go, was released in 1993 and was produced by Pierre Marchand.	Gogh Van Go	1993
inception	Kystekspressen was launched on 6 June 1994 to take over operations of the fast ferries between Trondheim and Kristiansund.	Kystekspressen	1994
inception	The Chunsa Film Art Awards (also known as the Icheon Chunsa Film Festival) have been presented in South Korea since the founding of the prize by the Korea Film Directors' Society in 1990.	Chunsa Film Art Awards	1990
inception	C/Z Records is a Seattle-based record label that was established in early 1985 by Chris Hanzsek and Tina Casale with the release of the now-legendary, Deep Six LP, which collected the earliest recordings of the real pro-genitors of what later came to be known as grunge.	C/Z Records	1985
inception	Gamechanger Films was founded in 2013 by Julie Parker Benello, Dan Cogan, Geralyn Dreyfous, Wendy Ettinger.	Gamechanger Films	2013
inception	Since moving into the Ted Constant Convocation Center in 2002 the Old Dominion Men's Basketball team has experienced a high winning percentage with an outstanding home court advantage.	Ted Constant Convocation Center	2002
inception	Host Hotels & Resorts was formed in 1993 when the Marriott Corporation split into two separate entities, creating Marriott International and Host Marriott.	Host Hotels & Resorts	1993
inception	They began Lynskey Performance Designs in January 2006.	Lynskey Performance Designs	2006
inception	After it was acquired by Henderson Land Development and a corporate restructuring in 1989, the holding company was renamed Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited and Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry became the subsidiary of Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings).	Hong Kong Ferry	1989
inception	The Noise FM was formed in the summer of 2005 when two prominent Fort Scott, Kansas, bands came to an end.	The Noise FM	2005
inception	The Popopopops is a Rennes-based band formed in 2007.	The Popopopops	2007
inception	The Climate Change Authority is an Australian statutory agency that began operations on 1 July 2012.	Climate Change Authority	2012
inception	WBFA changed from Contemporary Hit Radio to Urban Contemporary music on September 9, 2004, and has been in its current format since that change.	WBFA	2004
inception	The two formed Ollie & Jerry in Los Angeles, California in 1984, signing to Polydor Records.	Ollie & Jerry	1984
inception	The Springfield Anglican College was established in 1998 as The Springfield College (TSC), with an enrolment of eleven students.	Springfield Anglican College	1998
inception	Afghanistan Investment Support Agency - AISA - (Pashto: د افغانستان د پانګې اچونې د ملاټر اداره‎ / Persian: اداره حمايه سرمايه گذاری افغانستان‎‎) was established in September 2003 as an agency that is charged with the responsibility to facilitate registration, licensing and promotion of all investments in Afghanistan.	Afghanistan Investment Support Agency	2003
inception	The Duchy of Brabant was a State of the Holy Roman Empire established in 1183.	Duchy of Brabant	1183
inception	La Société Française de Parasitologie (English: ``French Society of Parasitology''), often abridged as SFP, was founded in 1962 and is a scientific society devoted to parasitology.	Société Française de Parasitologie	1962
inception	The Trouble with Sweeney was a band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania that existed from 1999 to 2004.	The Trouble with Sweeney	1999
inception	The Sugi Tap (pronounced sue-gee tap) was an alternative rock/power pop band formed in May 2005.	The Sugi Tap	2005
inception	Hypnos Entertainment is a video game developer, founded in 1991.	Hypnos Entertainment	1991
inception	Supported by golf's major organizations, including the LPGA, Masters Tournament, PGA of America, PGA TOUR and USGA, The First Tee has reached more than 9 million young people since its inception in 1997 and reaches youth on golf courses, in schools and at other youth serving locations.	The First Tee	1997
inception	The Consolidated Aircraft Corporation was founded in 1923 by Reuben H. Fleet in Buffalo, NY, the result of the Gallaudet Aircraft Company's liquidation and Fleet's purchase of designs from the Dayton-Wright Company as the subsidiary was being closed by its parent corporation, General Motors.	Consolidated Aircraft	1923
inception	The first edition of the Eclipse Festival was an indoor party that happened in Montreal in the end of April of the year 1999.	Eclipse Festival	1999
inception	Aerojet Rocketdyne was formed in 2013 when Aerojet (already owned by GenCorp) and Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne were merged, following the latter's acquisition by GenCorp from Pratt & Whitney.	Aerojet Rocketdyne	2013
inception	The annual Charles Frankel Prize in the Humanities was established in 1988 and succeeded by the National Humanities Medal in 1997.	National Humanities Medal	1988
inception	Balflare is a Japanese power metal band formed in 2004.	Balflare	2004
inception	Fuzön (Urdu: فیوزن, literal English pronunciation: ``fusion'') is a sufi rock band from Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan formed in 2001.	Fuzön	2001
inception	Mitvim was founded in May 2011 by Nimrod Goren, 2009--10 Hubert Humphrey Fellow at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs of Syracuse University.	Mitvim	2011
inception	Bona AB is a family-owned company founded in 1919.	Bona AB	1919
inception	The Best Male Tennis Player ESPY Award has been presented annually since 1993 to the professional male tennis player adjudged to be the best in a given calendar year.	Best Male Tennis Player ESPY Award	1993
inception	The Independent Spirit Awards (originally known as the FINDIE or Friends of Independents Awards), founded in 1984, are awards dedicated to independent filmmakers.	Independent Spirit Awards	1984
inception	TTNet Beykoz 1908 is a Turkish sports club based in Beykoz, an İstanbul district.	TTNet Beykoz	1908
inception	Usinor was a French steel making group formed in 1948.	Usinor	1948
inception	Finnish Red Cross was founded on May 7, 1877 to care for the wounded and sick soldiers of the Finnish Guard in the Russo-Turkish War.	Finnish Red Cross	1877
inception	Netaji Nagar College for Women, established in 1986, is an undergraduate women's college in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Netaji Nagar College for Women	1986
inception	IP Justice was founded in 2002 by cyber-rights attorney Robin Gross.	IP Justice	2002
inception	Symphonic Distribution is a digital music distributor launched in early 2006 by Jorge Brea, a music producer from Tampa, Florida.	Symphonic Distribution	2006
inception	In 1995 it was reestablished as Gazovik Tyumen and changed its name back to Rubin Tyumen only in 2010.	Rubin Tyumen	1995
inception	4fun.tv is a free-to-air 24-hour Polish language music video channel launched on February 17, 2004.	4fun.tv	2004
inception	The Boston Thirteens were founded in 2009 as an expansion team of the American National Rugby League (AMNRL).	Boston Thirteens	2009
inception	The station also has a rebroadcast transmitter CBCX-FM-1 in Edmonton at 101.1 MHz. Both of the station's transmitters were licensed in 2002 and launched in early 2003.	CBCX-FM	2002
inception	The National Project (Spanish: Proyecto Nacional - PRONAL) was a Nicaraguan political party founded in 1995 by Antonio Lacayo, son-in-law of Violeta Barrios de Chamorro.	National Project	1995
inception	The UAZ factory started production in 1941 as part of the Soviet war effort.	UAZ	1941
inception	Almost Legendary is an American pop band from Atlanta, Georgia that was formed in 2009.	Almost Legendary	2009
inception	Etos B.V., trading as Etos, was founded in 1918 by Philips to create a grocery and drugstore where Philips employees could benefit from lower priced products than the average stores.	Etos	1918
inception	TuS Mechtersheim was founded on 1 March 1914 as Viktoria Mechtersheim.	TuS Mechtersheim	1914
inception	Melbourne Gay and Lesbian Chorus (MGLC), the first gay and lesbian choral organisation in the Southern Hemisphere, was founded in Australia in 1990 by gay performer and activist, Lawrence McGuire (1966 - ).	Melbourne Gay and Lesbian Chorus	1990
inception	University of Wasit (Arabic: جامعة واسط‎) is one of the Iraqi Universities established in 2003 in Al Kut, Wasit, Iraq.	University of Wasit	2003
inception	The first Texas Frightmare Weekend was held February 4-5, 2006, at the Grapevine Convention Center in Grapevine, Texas.	Texas Frightmare Weekend	2006
inception	The Thuta Swesone literary awards have been presented by the Swesone Media group since 2006.	Thuta Swesone literary award	2006
inception	Exnora International is a non-governmental environmental service organization started in 1989 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, by M. B. Nirmal, a social activist.	Exnora International	1989
inception	The Prostitutes are an indie band formed in 2004 in Prague, Czech Republic.	The Prostitutes	2004
inception	The history of Reutlingen University goes back to the School of Weaving established in 1855 by the Kingdom of Württemberg, the city of Reutlingen, and the textile industry.	Reutlingen University	1855
inception	Four Seasons Guitar Quartet (Persian: کوارتت گیتار کلاسیک چهار فصل‎‎) is an Iranian ensemble formed in 2010.	Four Seasons Guitar Quartet	2010
inception	STP Airways commenced operations on 18 August 2008 with flights between Lisbon, Portugal, and São Tomé, São Tomé and Príncipe, with a Boeing 767 aircraft leased from parent company, EuroAtlantic Airways.	STP Airways	2008
inception	The Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine (IPEM) is the United Kingdom's professional body and learned society for physicists and engineers within the field of medicine, founded in 1995, changing its name from the Institution of Physics and Engineering in Medicine and Biology (IPEMB) in 1997.	Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine	1997
inception	Stratford Mercenaries were an English punk rock band that was formed in late 1995 by Gary ``Gazzer'' Buckley from the punk band Dirt and Ed ``Eddafed'' Addley from the punk band Suicidal Supermarket Trolleys.	Stratford Mercenaries	1995
inception	The Association of National Olympic Committees of Africa (ANOCA) was Created on June 28, 1981 in Lome, the capital city of the Republic of Togo.	Association of National Olympic Committees of Africa	1981
inception	The railroad went bankrupt by 1891, was reorganized as the Georgia Southern and Florida Railway in 1895, and was mostly under the control of the Southern Railway.	Georgia Southern and Florida Railway	1895
inception	Echosmith is an American indie pop band formed in February 2009 in Chino, California.	Echosmith	February 2009
inception	The Brandenburg University of Technology Cottbus- Senftenberg (German: Brandenburgische Technische Universität - BTU Cottbus) was founded in 1991 and is the top technical university in Brandenburg, Germany.	Brandenburg University of Technology	1991
inception	The Jackson Showboats are a team in the American Basketball Association based in Jackson, Mississippi that began play in the 2012-13 ABA season.	Jackson Showboats	2012
inception	The Treaty of the Pyrenees (French: Traité des Pyrénées, Spanish: Tratado de los Pirineos, Catalan: Tractat dels Pirineus) was signed on 7 November 1659 to end the 1635-1659 war between France and Spain, a war that was initially a part of the wider Thirty Years' War.	Treaty of the Pyrenees	7 November 1659
inception	Brainfeeder is an independent record label based in Los Angeles, California, founded by Flying Lotus in 2008, focusing on electronic music and instrumental hip hop.	Brainfeeder	2008
inception	The first year Ethiopia sent a representative to Miss Earth was in 2001 with Nardos Tiluhan Wondemu as the first Miss Earth Ethiopia titleholder.	Miss Earth Ethiopia	2001
inception	The group was founded in 2003 as Emigrantski Raggamuffin Kollektiv RotFront by Ukrainians Yuriy Gurzhy, (also known as ``Russian Disco'' in Berlin), together with Wladimir Kaminer and Hungarian Simon Wahorn.	RotFront	2003
inception	The Gunzenhauser Museum was inaugurated in December 2007 in the presence of the German President Horst Köhler and is one of the most important museums of Modern Art in Germany.	Gunzenhauser Museum	2007
inception	The Kakuyids (also called Kakwayhids, Kakuwayhids or Kakuyah) (Persian: آل کاکویه‎) were a Daylamite dynasty that held power in western Persia, Jibal and Kurdistan (c. 1008--c. 1051).	Kakuyids	1008
inception	Dry the River were an English alternative rock band, formed in the Stratford district of East London in 2009.	Dry the River	2009
inception	Sogetel is a private Canadian telecommunications company founded in 1892.	Sogetel	1892
inception	It was established under the Central Bank of Myanmar Law in 1990.	Central Bank of Myanmar	1990
inception	Innovative Emergency Management (IEM) is a Research Triangle Park, North Carolina-headquartered risk management company founded in 1985.	Innovative Emergency Management	1985
inception	GKM College of Engineering and Technology is an ISO certified institution established in 1996.	GKM College of Engineering and Technology	1996
inception	In 2011, Young & Sick designed the album cover for Foster the People's album Torches.	Young & Sick	2011
inception	The Bled was an American mathcore band from Tucson, Arizona formed in 2001.	The Bled	2001
inception	Pee Froiss is a hip hop group formed in Dakar, Senegal in 1993.	Pee Froiss	1993
inception	It was formed in 2002, through a split from the original Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal.	Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal	2002
inception	The Compagnie générale transaérienne (CGT: General Trans-Air Company) was a predecessor of Air France, founded in 1909.	Compagnie générale transaérienne	1909
inception	Royal Thunder is a hard rock band from Atlanta, Georgia founded in 2004 by guitarist Josh Weaver.	Royal Thunder	2004
inception	NOVA-MBA Association is a nonprofit organization founded in 2001 and incorporated in 2002.	NOVA-MBA Association	2001
inception	The Virgins was an American band formed in 2006 in New York.	The Virgins	2006
inception	Kiwanis International (/kɪˈwɑːnɪs/ ki-WAH-niss) is an international, coeducational service club founded in 1915 in Detroit, Michigan.	Kiwanis	1915
inception	Red Priest is a British Baroque instrumental group that was formed in 1997, originally with eleven members.	Red Priest	1997
inception	Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP is a law firm formed in 2002 through the merger of Chicago based Katten Muchin & Zavis (originally founded in 1974) and New York based Rosenman & Colin (originally founded in 1912).	Katten Muchin Rosenman	2002
inception	Fol Chen is an American electronic band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 2009.	Fol Chen	2009
inception	The Black Mages was a Japanese instrumental rock/hard rock band formed in 2002 by Nobuo Uematsu, Kenichiro Fukui and Tsuyoshi Sekito - three composers for Square Enix.	The Black Mages	2002
inception	Kråkesølv (initiated in December 2007) is a rock band from Bodø, Norway.	Kråkesølv	2007
inception	History of Vienna Insurance Group dates back to 1824, with the founding of the k.u.k.	Vienna Insurance Group	1824
inception	The franchise known as the Windy City ThunderBolts started as the Will County Claws in 1995 and called their home at Lewis University's Brennan Field in Romeoville, Illinois.	Windy City ThunderBolts	1995
inception	Dedicated on April 17, 1912, the John Paul Jones Memorial was the first monument raised in Potomac Park.	John Paul Jones Memorial	1912
inception	Karlštejn Castle (Czech: hrad Karlštejn; German: Burg Karlstein) is a large Gothic castle founded 1348 CE by Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor-elect and King of Bohemia.	Karlštejn	1348
inception	ViVe (Visión Venezuela) is a cultural television network funded by the Venezuelan national government that was inaugurated on November 11, 2003 and whose objective consists of spreading information related to achievements made by Hugo Chávez's political process and the encouragement of Venezuela's culture.	ViVe	2003
inception	Pocko was founded in 1999 by Royal College of Arts photography graduate, Nicola Schwartz.	Pocko	1999
inception	International Surfing Day was established in 2004 by Surfing Magazine and The Surfrider Foundation.	International Surfing Day	2004
inception	Mahidol Wittayanusorn School was accordingly remodeled as an autonomous public organisation under the supervision of the Minister of Education on 25 August 2000, and was designated the country's first specialised science school.	Mahidol Wittayanusorn School	25 August 2000
inception	The Liga Dominicana de Fútbol is the first professional football league in Dominican Republic, it was launched in March 2015.	Liga Dominicana de Fútbol	2015
inception	Thakur College of Engineering and Technology is located in Thakur village locality in Kandivali, a post suburb of Mumbai, India, founded by the Thakur Education Group in 2001.	Thakur College of Engineering and Technology	2001
inception	ZTE, initially founded as Zhongxing Semiconductor Co., Ltd in Shenzhen, China, in 1985, was incorporated by a group of investors associated with China's Ministry of Aerospace.	ZTE	1985
inception	Domestos was first produced in 1929 by Wilfred Handley, an industrial chemist from Byker, Newcastle upon Tyne in the North East of England, and sold door-to-door by salesmen who refilled stoneware jars bought by the customers.	Domestos	1929
inception	Slowdive are an English rock band that formed in Reading, Berkshire in 1989.	Slowdive	1989
inception	Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar (KTJ), is a co-educational international school in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia, founded in 1991.	Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar	1991
inception	Lab Report was an improvisational, dark ambient, band created by Matthew Schultz, Eric Pounder and Chris Blazen in 1989.	Lab Report	1989
inception	The Royal Deeside Railway was formed in 1996 with the intention of reclaiming part of the former branch line from Aberdeen to Ballater, constructed between 1853 and 1856 by the Deeside Railway company and closed by British Railways in 1966.	Royal Deeside Railway	1996
inception	Only Crime is an American melodic hardcore group formed by Good Riddance singer Russ Rankin and Bane guitarist Aaron Dalbec in 2003.	Only Crime	2003
inception	The Fort Wayne Fury was a professional basketball team in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) from 1991 through the cessation of the CBA on February 8, 2001.	Fort Wayne Fury	1991
inception	Demise of Eros was a metalcore band from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that formed in late 2003.	Demise of Eros	2003
inception	In May 1935, a group of militants Partido Galeguista in Pontevedra, headed by Xosé Filgueira Valverde left the party in protest against the policy of pacts with the left, and created a new organization known as Dereita Galeguista.	Dereita Galeguista	1935
inception	SiteGround is a web hosting company founded in 2004 and servicing more than 450,000 domains world-wide.	SiteGround	2004
inception	Plan B Toys Ltd. is an Groveport, Ohio-based toy company, founded in 1999 by Jay Borman, Chris Borman, and Tony Simione, former employees of ReSaurus Company who founded it with the intention of freely creating new ideas and properties without corporate boundaries.	Plan B Toys	1999
inception	The Asatru Folk Assembly, or AFA, an organization of Germanic neopaganism, is a US-headquartered, but international folkish Ásatrú organization, with chapters worldwide, founded by Stephen A. McNallen in 1994.	Asatru Folk Assembly	1994
inception	The Blue News (originally called ``Blue News'') was formed in 2005, taking its name from a Spoonerism of the words ``New Blues''.	The Blue News	2005
inception	Caterpillar Inc. traces its origins to the 1925 merger of the Holt Manufacturing Company and the C. L. Best Tractor Company, creating a new entity, the California-based Caterpillar Tractor Company.	Caterpillar Inc.	1925
inception	Aero Bravo is a Brazilian aircraft manufacturer founded in 1993 in Belo Horizonte.	Aero Bravo	1993
inception	The Outback Communities Authority (OCA, formerly the Outback Areas Community Development Trust) is a statutory authority in South Australia (SA) created under the Outback Communities (Administration and Management) Act 2009.	Outback Communities Authority	2009
inception	Formed in 1990, the Toronto Rebels are one of the oldest and most accomplished teams in Canadian Australian Football.	Toronto Rebels	1990
inception	The first store to officially incorporate the Bashas' name opened in 1932 in Goodyear, Arizona, as a company store, where employees of J. G. Boswell could purchase groceries with company scrip.	Bashas'	1932
inception	ATypI was founded in 1957 by Charles Peignot (from the French type foundry Deberny & Peignot).	ATypI	1957
inception	The Harvard Institute for International Development (HIID) was a think-tank dedicated to helping nations join the global economy, operating between 1974 and 2000.	Harvard Institute for International Development	1974
inception	Induction to the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame, called the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor from its creation in 1991 through 2006, is managed by the International Bluegrass Music Association, and the Hall itself is maintained at the International Bluegrass Music Museum in Owensboro, Kentucky.	International Bluegrass Music Hall of Fame	1991
inception	The Marshmallow Overcoat is an American garage rock band, formed in Tucson, AZ, in 1986 by lead singer Timothy Gassen under his ``Randy Love'' persona.	The Marshmallow Overcoat	1986
inception	Liberty N' Justice (LNJ) is a Christian hard rock band started in 1991 by Justin Murr and Patrick Marchand with band mates:	Liberty N' Justice	1991
inception	The South Jersey Transportation Authority (SJTA) is a quasi-private agency created by the New Jersey Legislature in 1991 to manage transportation-related services in the six South Jersey counties:	South Jersey Transportation Authority	1991
inception	Peace Frogs is an American company founded by Catesby Jones in 1985.	Peace Frogs	1985
inception	Odense International Film Festival made its debut in 1975, and is Denmark's oldest film festival.	Odense International Film Festival	1975
inception	Challenge Aero airline was established in 2002.	Challenge Aero	2002
inception	The Dorothea von Stetten Art Award (German: Dorothea von Stetten Kunstpreis) has been awarded biennually since 1984 to an artist under the age of 36 whose work demonstrates interesting perspective and possibilities for advancement.	Dorothea von Stetten Art Award	1984
inception	Mandalay National Wildlife Refuge established in 1996, is located in Terrebonne Parish, 5 miles (8.0 km) southwest of Houma, Louisiana.	Mandalay National Wildlife Refuge	1996
inception	The Federally Administered Tribal Areas cricket team (FATA) are a first-class cricket side who have competed in Pakistan domestic cricket since the 2015--16 season.	Federally Administered Tribal Areas cricket team	2015
inception	The Houston Gamblers were an American football team that competed in the United States Football League in 1984 and 1985.	Houston Gamblers	1984
inception	Formed in 1999, HanbitSoft specializes in the distribution of massively multiplayer online roleplaying games (MMORPGs) to Eastern Asian countries.	HanbitSoft	1999
inception	The Museum of the University of St Andrews (MUSA) opened in October 2008 and is associated with the University of St Andrews.	Museum of the University of St Andrews	2008
inception	Win Sports is a Colombian sports channel that started its operations on 29 November 2012.	Win Sports	2012
inception	The Morean Arts Center, with roots dating back to 1917 as the Art Club of St. Petersburg, focuses on an innovative, community-oriented approach to art and art education.	Morean Arts Center	1917
inception	Galatasaray University (Turkish: Galatasaray Üniversitesi, French: Université Galatasaray) is a Turkish university established in İstanbul, Turkey in 1992, following an agreement signed with the presence of President François Mitterrand of France and President Turgut Özal of Turkey during a ceremony at Galatasaray High School, the mother school of the university.	Galatasaray University	1992
inception	Genes Reunited, originally known as Genes Connected, is a genealogy website that was launched in the UK in 2003 as a sister-site to Friends Reunited.	Genes Reunited	2003
inception	Vidya Vihar Institute of Technology is an engineering college established in 2009 by Vidya Vihar educational trust at Purnea, Bihar.	Vidya Vihar Institute of Technology	2009
inception	HISTORY Established in 1998, the Mongolian National University (MNU) is the largest non governmental university in Mongolia.	Mongolian National University	1998
inception	Later, the state of Coahuila separated, and with the Constitution of 1824, was divided into provinces creating the states of Durango and Chihuahua, and attaching some municipalities to the state of Zacatecas.	Durango	1824
inception	Royal Enfield was the brand name under which the Enfield Cycle Company (founded 1893) manufactured motorcycles, bicycles, lawnmowers and stationary engines.	Royal Enfield	1893
inception	The Kaiser Wilhelm Society for the Advancement of Science (German Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften) was a German scientific institution established in the German Kaiserreich in 1911.	Kaiser Wilhelm Society	1911
inception	The Order of the Cross of Independence (Order Krzyża Niepodległości) was established on 5 August 2010, to honor those who between the years of 1939-1956 voluntarily served with merit in defending the independence of the Polish State.	Order of the Cross of Independence	2010
inception	The Hotelier formed in June 2009 when lead singer Christian Holden met Chris Hoffman, Ben Gauthier, and Sam Frederick while attending high school in Dudley, Massachusetts.	The Hotelier	2009
inception	Surya Sen Mahavidyalaya, established in 1998, is the general degree college in Siliguri.	Surya Sen Mahavidyalaya	1998
inception	CEO Steven Kaufman founded Zeus Mortgage in 2004.	Zeus Mortgage	2004
inception	On the evening of 20 March 2008, IDF1 was launched.	IDF1	2008
inception	The name ``Bedfordview'' came about as the result of a competition in 1926.	Bedfordview	1926
inception	Saint Benedict Press, LLC (SBP), a division of Goodwill Publishers, is a publisher founded in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA, in 2006.	Saint Benedict Press	2006
inception	Established in 1999, Lion Air has seen tremendous growth in the past several years, having acquired over 100 aircraft with nearly 500 more on order.	Lion Air	1999
inception	Ibis Aerospace is a 50-50 joint venture created on July 1, 1997, between Aero of the Czech Republic and AIDC of Taiwan to manufacture and market the Aero-designed Ae 270 turboprop civil utility aircraft.	Ibis Aerospace	1997
inception	Europ Assistance is a French company created in 1963.	Europ Assistance	1963
inception	Shrewsbury Museum and Art Gallery was founded in 1835 as the Museum of the Shropshire and North Wales Natural History and Antiquarian Society Society in Dogpole, Shrewsbury, England.	Shrewsbury Museum and Art Gallery	1835
inception	Inframat Corporation is a nanotechnology company founded in 1996 with headquarters and a pilot plant / R&D facility in Manchester, CT.	Inframat Corporation	1996
inception	Archbishop Bergan High School was established in 1950 as St. Patrick's High School.	Archbishop Bergan High School	1950
inception	Centro 73 (pronounced (t͡ʃenˈtro ʃapteˈzet͡ʃʲ ʃi ˈtrej)) was a social and cultural center of Chişinău and the first squat created in Moldova, which opened the 25th of September 2010 and closed in December 2010.	Centro 73	2010
inception	China Classification Society (CCS; 中國船級社) is a classification society of ships, started in 1956 as a non-profit making body in the People's Republic of China to perform classification survey, certification survey and notarial survey of ships including offshore installations, containers and related industrial products both at home and abroad.	China Classification Society	1956
inception	Sperduto also coached the second incarnation of the Nashville Kats following their return to the Arena Football League as an expansion team in 2005.	Nashville Kats	2005
inception	The Landgraviate of Hesse-Marburg (German: Landgrafschaft Hessen-Marburg) was a German landgraviate, and independent principality, within the Holy Roman Empire, that existed between 1458 and 1500, and between 1567 and 1604/1650.	Hesse-Marburg	1458
inception	Bepress, formerly the Berkeley Electronic Press, is an academic software firm that was founded by academics in 1999.	Bepress	1999
inception	Founded in 1817, the New York Academy of Sciences (originally called the Lyceum of Natural History) has evolved from a notable institution in the greater New York area to one of the most significant organizations in the international scientific community.	New York Academy of Sciences	1817
inception	Originally founded in 1956, Williams-Sonoma Inc. operates more than 600 retail stores internationally under a portfolio of brands including Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, PBteen, Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, West Elm, Mark and Graham, and Rejuvenation.	Williams-Sonoma	1956
inception	The England Athletics Hall of Fame was launched in 2008 with a panel of experts selecting a list of potential inductees for athletics fans and members of the public to vote on.	England Athletics Hall of Fame	2008
inception	Germania Teveren was formed in 1910 and, for the most of its history, has been a non-descript amateur side in local football.	Germania Teveren	1910
inception	Founded in 1957 by Andrónico Luksic, Quiñenco is controlled by Chile's Grupo Luksic.	Quiñenco	1957
inception	Founded by Jess McMahon and Toots Mondt in 1952, Capitol Wrestling Corporation is the precursor to today's Titan Sports (now known as WWE) run by Jess' grandson, Vincent Kennedy McMahon.	Capitol Wrestling Corporation	1952
inception	Fishburners is an Australian coworking space and business incubator founded in January 2011.	Fishburners	2011
inception	The Egyptian Umma Party or Egyptian Nation Party (Arabic: حزب الأمة المصرية‎) was a political party in Egypt, founded by supporters of presidential candidate Hazem Salah Abu Ismail in 2012.	Egyptian Nation Party	2012
inception	The Majapahit Empire (Javanese: Karajan Majapahit, Indonesian: Kerajaan Majapahit) was a vast archipelagic empire based on the island of Java (modern-day Indonesia) from 1293 to around 1500.	Majapahit	1293
inception	The 10,000 Lakes Festival (abbreviated as 10KLF) was an annual four-day music festival in Detroit Lakes, Minnesota, at the Soo Pass Ranch that was held since 2003.	10,000 Lakes Festival	2003
inception	The AVN Award for Best Actress is an award that has been given by sex industry company AVN since the award ceremony's inception in 1984.	AVN Award for Best Actress	1984
inception	The Higher Colleges of Technology (HCT; Arabic: كليّات التقنيّة العليا‎) was established in 1988 as one of the largest institutions of higher learning in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Higher Colleges of Technology	1988
inception	A-Grade Investments is a venture capital firm founded in 2010 by actor Ashton Kutcher, entertainment manager Guy Oseary, and billionaire investor Ron Burkle to opportunistically invest in technology start-up companies.	A-Grade Investments	2010
inception	AB1 (formally AB Channel 1 until 1995) is a French television channel aimed at young adults.	AB1	1995
inception	Freedom to Marry was founded in New York City in 2003 by Evan Wolfson, whom many consider to be the architect of the modern marriage movement.	Freedom to Marry	2003
inception	The University of Patras was established on 11 November 1964 as a self-administered Academic Institution under the supervision of the Greek Government.	University of Patras	11 November 1964
inception	Clube Esportivo Naviraiense were founded on November 25, 2005.	Clube Esportivo Naviraiense	2005
inception	Odyssey House Texas, located in Houston, Texas is a private not-for-profit organization established in 1989 to provide treatment and education to youth and families whose lives have been devastated by drugs, alcohol, and abuse.	Odyssey House	1989
inception	In 1970, the townships of Assenheim, Ilbenstadt, Bönstadt and Kaichen merged to form modern-day Niddatal.	Niddatal	1970
inception	The International Polygraph Accreditation Board (or IPAB) was established in 2011 and includes 1,900 members in the polygraph field.	International Polygraph Accreditation Board	2011
instrument	Paddy Keenan (born 30 January 1950) is an Irish player of the uilleann pipes who first gained fame as a founding member of The Bothy Band.	Paddy Keenan	uilleann pipes
instrument	Fred Punahoa (also spelled ``Punahou'') was a Hawaiian musician and slack key guitar player from Kalapana, Hawaii.	Fred Punahoa	guitar
instrument	John Keawe is a Hawaiian musician and slack key guitar player from Hawi in the North Kohala district of the Big Island of Hawaii.	John Keawe	guitar
instrument	Dwight Diller (born 1946) is an American banjo and fiddle player and teacher.	Dwight Diller	banjo
instrument	Elizabeth Farr has degrees in harpsichord and organ performance from Stetson University, the Juilliard School and the University of Michigan.	Elizabeth Farr	organ
instrument	Gary Smulyan (born on April 4, 1956 in Bethpage, New York) is a jazz musician who plays baritone saxophone.	Gary Smulyan	saxophone
instrument	Presenting The Bill Le Sage - Ronnie Ross Quartet (April 1963) - Le Sage (piano, vibes);	Bill Le Sage	piano
instrument	Muriel Anderson has released 15 albums and several DVDs through Truefire, Mel Bay, and Homespun--and guitar books published by Hal Leonard, Mel Bay, and Zen-On Japan.	Muriel Anderson	guitar
instrument	At the age of 11 Gregory James began studying guitar with David LeRoy Smith, and by 15 was performing around San Francisco with artists like Amandio Cabral, Eddie Duran, and Vince Guaraldi.	Gregory James	guitar
instrument	Alongside sound installations and numerous electronic collages Wolfgang Mitterer has also written chamber music, scenic works, also operas, a piano concerto and music for orchestra and organ.	Wolfgang Mitterer	piano
instrument	The band is composed of Alex Kapranos, Nick McCarthy (guitar, keyboard, backup vocals), Paul Thomson (drums, backup vocals, sometimes guitar) and Bob Hardy (bass).	Alex Kapranos	guitar
instrument	Simon Townshend played rhythm guitar, mandolin, and performed backing vocals.	Simon Townshend	guitar
instrument	Russell Gunn (born October 20, 1971 in Chicago) is an American contemporary Neo-bop jazz musician, known primarily for his trumpet playing and Grammy nominated recording, Ethnomusicology vol. 1.	Russell Gunn	trumpet
instrument	Dave Rowbotham (1958 -- 8 November 1991) was an English rock musician who played guitar and bass with various Manchester bands in the 1970s and the 1980s, and as studio musician.	Dave Rowbotham	guitar
instrument	Vin Gordon (aka Trommie, Don D. Junior or Don Drummond Jr) (born 4 August 1949) is a Jamaican trombone player.	Vin Gordon	trombone
instrument	Born into a talented Argentine Italian-Catalonian family of writers, musicians, linguists and poets, Suni Paz started playing the guitar, writing songs, singing in choirs, and at family parties at age 12.	Suni Paz	guitar
instrument	Jeremy McCoy (born January 19, 1978) is an American bass guitar player, known for playing on the road and in the studio with several artists around the world.	Jeremy McCoy	guitar
instrument	Steve Mackay (September 25, 1949 -- October 10, 2015) was an American tenor saxophone player, best known for his participation on the Stooges' second album Fun House.	Steve Mackay	saxophone
instrument	Kevin R. Gallagher is a guitarist who plays both the electric guitar and the classical guitar.	Kevin R. Gallagher	guitar
instrument	Stanley Sheldon is a bass guitar player best known for his work with Peter Frampton.	Stanley Sheldon	bass guitar
instrument	George Shuffler (April 11, 1925 -- April 7, 2014) was an American bluegrass guitar player and an early practitioner of the crosspicking style.	George Shuffler	guitar
instrument	OCLC 84743678 Recorded July 2005, Systems Two Recording, Brooklyn Andy Biskin, clarinet & bass clarinet;	Andy Biskin	bass clarinet
instrument	Peeter Süda (30 January (O.S. 18 January) 1883 in Viki, Saare County -- 3 August 1920 in Tallinn) was a father of the Estonian organ school, composer and an early collector of Estonian folksongs.	Peeter Süda	organ
instrument	Johnny Burnette sang the vocals and played acoustic guitar, Dorsey played bass and Paul Burlison played lead guitar.	Johnny Burnette	guitar
instrument	Louis Marshall Jones (October 20, 1913 -- February 19, 1998), known professionally as Grandpa Jones, was an American banjo player and ``old time'' country and gospel music singer.	Grandpa Jones	banjo
instrument	Dale Harris (born in West London in 1968) is an English classical guitarist, multi-genre guitar-instrumentalist and composer.	Dale Harris	guitar
instrument	Christian Ferdinand Abel (July or August 1682, Hanover, Germany -- buried 3 April 1761 (or 1737?), Köthen, Germany) was one of the most famous German Baroque violinists, cellists and especially viol virtuosos.	Christian Ferdinand Abel	viol
instrument	Anton Weidinger (June 9, 1766 in Vienna -- September 20, 1852 in Vienna) was an Austrian trumpet virtuoso in the classical era, and a ``k. k. Hof- und Theater-Trompeter'' (Imperial Royal Court and Theatre trumpeter).	Anton Weidinger	trumpet
languages spoken or written	Horst E. Brandt (17 January 1923 -- 22 August 2009) was a German film director and cinematographer.	Horst E. Brandt	German
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Eduard Weber (German: (ˈveːbɐ); 24 October 1804 -- 23 June 1891) was a German physicist and, together with Carl Friedrich Gauss, inventor of the first electromagnetic telegraph.	Wilhelm Eduard Weber	German
languages spoken or written	Wang Huansheng (simplified Chinese: 王焕生; traditional Chinese: 王煥生; pinyin: Wāng Huànshēng; born 1939) is a Chinese translator.	Wang Huansheng	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Ferdinand Hitzig (June 23, 1807--January 22, 1875), was a German biblical critic.	Ferdinand Hitzig	German
languages spoken or written	Youssef Ziedan (Arabic: يوسف زيدان) (born June 30, 1958) is an Egyptian scholar who specializes in Arabic and Islamic studies.	Youssef Ziedan	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Túpac Katari or Catari (also Túpaj Katari) (c. 1750--November 15, 1781), born Julián Apasa Nina, was an early leader of the independence activists in Bolivia and a leader of an indigenous rebellion against the Spanish Empire in the early 1780s.	Túpac Katari	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mikko Rimminen (born 1975) is a Finnish novelist and poet.	Mikko Rimminen	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Salvatore Cardinale (born 20 June 1948) is an Italian politician, who was Telecommunications Minister in both Massimo D'Alema administrations.	Salvatore Cardinale	Italian
languages spoken or written	Achille-Louis Foville (6 August 1799 -- 22 June 1878) was a French neurologist and psychiatrist.	Achille-Louis Foville	French
languages spoken or written	Hubertus von Pilgrim (born August 24, 1931 in Berlin) is a German artist who lives and works in Pullach near Munich as a sculptor, printmaker, and medallist.	Hubertus von Pilgrim	German
languages spoken or written	The Very Reverend Henry Hart Milman (10 February 1791 -- 24 September 1868) was an English historian and ecclesiastic.	Henry Hart Milman	English
languages spoken or written	Josep Maria Jujol i Gibert (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛb məˈɾi.ə ʒuˈʒɔɫ); 16 September 1879 -- 1 May 1949) was a Catalan architect.	Josep Maria Jujol	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Massimo Baistrocchi (August 17, 1942 -- January 22, 2012) was an Italian writer, artist, freelance journalist and diplomat who served as Italy's Ambassador to Namibia from 2001 to 2004, as well as Ambassador to Ghana, Togo, Nigeria, and Benin.	Massimo Baistrocchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Bengt Forslund (born 22 June 1932) is a Swedish film producer, screenwriter and production manager.	Bengt Forslund	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Antoine Louis François de Bésiade (1759--1811) was a French nobleman and favourite of the future Louis XVIII of France.	Antoine Louis François de Bésiade	French
languages spoken or written	Wolf-Christian von Ditfurth (born March 14, 1953 in Würzburg, Lower Franconia) is a German author and historian.	Christian von Ditfurth	German
languages spoken or written	Patricia Sarrapio (born 16 November 1982 in Madrid) is a Spanish triple jumper.	Patricia Sarrapio	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gianandrea Gavazzeni (25 July 1909 -- 5 February 1996) was an Italian pianist, conductor (especially of opera), composer and musicologist.	Gianandrea Gavazzeni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Noel Hill, 1st Baron Berwick (16 April 1745 -- 6 January 1789), was an English landowner and politician.	Noel Hill, 1st Baron Berwick	English
languages spoken or written	Winifred Utley (London, England, January 23, 1898 -- Washington, D.C., United States, January 21, 1978), commonly known as Freda Utley, was an English scholar, political activist and best-selling author.	Freda Utley	English
languages spoken or written	Doina Cornea (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈdojna ˈkorne̯a); born 30 May 1929) is a Romanian human rights activist and French language professor.	Doina Cornea	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Abbé Jean Starcky (1909--1988) was a French priest who was one of the early editors of the Dead Sea scrolls.	Jean Starcky	French
languages spoken or written	Raphaël Poirée (born 9 August 1974) is a retired French biathlete who was active from 1995 to 2007.	Raphaël Poirée	French
languages spoken or written	João Guimarães Rosa (Portuguese: (ˈʒwɐ̃w ɡimaˈɾɐ̃js ˈʁɔzɐ); 27 June 1908 -- 19 November 1967) was a Brazilian novelist and diplomat, considered by many as the greatest author of Brazilian literature, along with Machado de Assis.	João Guimarães Rosa	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	David Zepeda (Spanish pronunciation: (daˈβið seˈpeða); born David Zepeda Quintero on September 19, 1973) is a Mexican actor, model and singer, born in Nogales, Sonora, México.	David Zepeda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sergio Ceccotti (born 1935 in Rome) is an Italian painter.	Sergio Ceccotti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean Vincent Félix Lamouroux (3 May 1779 -- 26 March 1825) was a French biologist and naturalist, noted for his seminal work with algae.	Jean Vincent Félix Lamouroux	French
languages spoken or written	Arthur Xhignesse (born 1873, died 1941) was a Belgian writer who worked mainly in the Walloon language.	Arthur Xhignesse	Walloon language
languages spoken or written	Risto Ahti (born 27 August 1943 in Lahti) is a Finnish writer and recipient of the Eino Leino Prize in 1994.	Risto Ahti	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Ana Rosa Quintana Hortal (Madrid, 12 January 1956) is a Spanish journalist and television presenter.	Ana Rosa Quintana	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Smits (1704 -- 1 December 1770) was a Dutch Franciscan orientalist and exegete.	William Smits	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Charles Henri Pille (4 January 1844 -- 4 March 1897) was a French painter and illustrator.	Henri Pille	French
languages spoken or written	Moritz August von Thümmel (1738--1817) was a German humorist and satirical author.	Moritz August von Thümmel	German
languages spoken or written	Josep Llorens i Artigas (16 June 1892 -- 11 December 1980) was a Spanish ceramic artist known for his collaboration with Joan Miró.	Josep Llorens i Artigas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dr. Attila Gruber (born November 6, 1958) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Siófok (Somogy County Constituency III) between 2002 and 2014.	Attila Gruber	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	José Vela Zanetti (May 27, 1913 -- January 4, 1999) was a Spanish painter and muralist who worked in Spain, the Dominican Republic and the United States.	José Vela Zanetti	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Anton Baumstark (14 April 1800, Sinzheim -- 2 February 1876, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German classical philologist.	Anton Baumstark	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Guidoni (3 May 1951 in Toulon, Var) is a French singer and songwriter.	Jean Guidoni	French
languages spoken or written	Wang Anyi (born in Nanjing in 1954) is a Chinese writer who is the chairwoman of Shanghai Writers' Association.	Wang Anyi	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Marco Siffredi (22 May 1979 -- 8 September 2002) was a French snowboarder and mountaineer who hailed from a climbing family; his father was a mountain guide and his brother had died in an avalanche in Chamonix.	Marco Siffredi	French
languages spoken or written	Miguel Villalba Hervás (1837--1899) was a Spanish was a politician, lawyer, journalist, historian and Mason.	Miguel Villalba Hervás	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Manuel Caballero Bonald (born November 11, 1926) is a Spanish novelist, lecturer and poet.	José Manuel Caballero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Camilo Villegas (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈmilo βiˈʎeɣas); born 7 January 1982) is a Colombian professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour.	Camilo Villegas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stéphane Leduc (1 November 1853 -- 8 March 1939) was a French biologist who sought to contribute to understanding of the chemical and physical mechanisms of life.	Stéphane Leduc	French
languages spoken or written	Mario Baldassarri (born 10 September 1946) is an Italian economist and politician.	Mario Baldassarri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Arpiar Arpiarian (Armenian: Արփիար Արփիարեան) (December 21, 1851 -- February 12, 1908) was an influential 19th century Armenian writer, the pioneer of realism in Armenian literature and a political activist.	Arpiar Arpiarian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Norbert Bisky (born 1970) is a German painter based in Berlin, best known for his frescos depicting adolescents.	Norbert Bisky	German
languages spoken or written	Ibon Areso Mendiguren (May 20, 1944) is a Spanish politician and architect.	Ibon Areso	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claude Fischler, born 1947, is a French social scientist (sociology, anthropology).	Claude Fischler	French
languages spoken or written	Ernst-Alfred Thalmann in the Historical Dictionary of Switzerland (German) Zindel, Josef (2015).	Ernst-Alfred Thalmann	German
languages spoken or written	Max Régis (8 June 1873 -- 1950), was a French journalist and politician who led the violent antisemitic movement in French Algeria in the late 1890s.	Max Régis	French
languages spoken or written	Max Benitz (born 14 March 1985 in London) is an English writer, journalist, and former film and TV actor.	Max Benitz	English
languages spoken or written	Ali Al-Wardi (Arabic: علي حسين محسن الوردي‎) was an Iraqi Social Scientist specialized in the field of Social history.	Ali Al-Wardi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Grosvenor Hodgkinson (1818 -- 14 February 1881) was an English lawyer and Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1859 to 1874.	Grosvenor Hodgkinson	English
languages spoken or written	Frédéric-Antonin Breysse (20 November 1907 -- 13 September 2001) was a French cartoonist and illustrator.	Frédéric-Antonin Breysse	French
languages spoken or written	Suman Ranganathan (Kannada: ಸುಮನ್ ರಂಗನಾಥನ್; born 26 July 1974) is an Indian model and actress who has starred in Kannada, Bengali, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi films.	Suman Ranganathan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	F.W. Bernstein (originally Fritz Weigle; born March 4, 1938, Göppingen) is a German poet, cartoonist, and satirist.	F.W. Bernstein	German
languages spoken or written	Marie Louise Mignot (1712--1790) was a French literary figure.	Marie Louise Mignot	French
languages spoken or written	Lenka Reinerová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɛŋka ˈrajnɛrovaː)) (May 17, 1916 -- June 27, 2008) was an author from the Czech Republic who wrote exclusively in German.	Lenka Reinerová	German
languages spoken or written	Dan Jørgensen (born 12 June 1975) is a Danish politician who has been Minister for Food, Agriculture and Fisheries since 12 December 2013.	Dan Jørgensen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Vallotton (born 1955 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a French-speaking Swiss poet, writer and artist.	Jean-Pierre Vallotton	French
languages spoken or written	Ernst Heinrich Bruns (4 September 1848 -- 23 September 1919) was a German mathematician and astronomer, who also contributed to the development of the field of theoretical geodesy.	Heinrich Bruns	German
languages spoken or written	Torben Betts (born 10 February 1968 in Stamford, Lincolnshire) is an English playwright and screenwriter.	Torben Betts	English
languages spoken or written	Heinrich von Maltzan, Baron zu Wartenburg und Penzlin (September 6, 1826 -- February 23, 1874), German traveller.	Heinrich von Maltzan, Baron zu Wartenburg und Penzlin	German
languages spoken or written	Antony Hopkins CBE (21 March 1921 -- 6 May 2014) was an English composer, pianist and conductor, as well as a writer and radio broadcaster.	Antony Hopkins	English
languages spoken or written	Elsie Anna-Lena Lodenius Wikström (born June 30, 1958 in Norrtälje, Stockholm) is a Swedish journalist, author and lecturer.	Anna-Lena Lodenius	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Aureliano Fernández-Guerra y Orbe (June 16, 1816 -- September 7, 1894) was a Spanish historian, epigrapher and antiquarian, also remembered as a poet and playwright.	Aureliano Fernández-Guerra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hanns-Josef Ortheil (b. 5 November 1951 in Cologne) is a German author, scholar of German literature, and pianist.	Hanns-Josef Ortheil	German
languages spoken or written	Alina Bronsky pen name is a Russian-born German writer.	Alina Bronsky	German
languages spoken or written	Graziadio Isaia Ascoli (16 July 1829 -- 21 January 1907) was an Italian linguist.	Graziadio Isaia Ascoli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paravai Muniyamma (born 1943) is a Tamil folk singer and actress who prominently plays supporting roles.	Paravai Muniyamma	Tamil
languages spoken or written	François Bouvard (c. 1684--1760) was a French composer of the Baroque era.	François Bouvard	French
languages spoken or written	Heinrich August Ottokar Reichard (1751-1828) was a German author and theatre director.	Heinrich August Ottokar Reichard	German
languages spoken or written	Carlos Rasch (born 6 April 1932 in Curitiba, Brazil) is a science fiction author, whose works mostly appeared in East Germany before German reunification.	Carlos Rasch	German
languages spoken or written	Christoph Wolff (born May 24, 1940) is a German-born musicologist, who is best known for his works on the music, life, and times of Johann Sebastian Bach.	Christoph Wolff	German
languages spoken or written	Sabino Acquaviva (29 April 1927 -- 29 December 2015) was an Italian sociologist.	Sabino Acquaviva	Italian
languages spoken or written	Carl Linnaeus the Younger, Carl von Linné or Carolus Linnaeus the Younger (20 January 1741 -- 1 November 1783) was a Swedish naturalist.	Carl Linnaeus the Younger	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Lemonnier (28 June 1675 in Saint-Sever -- 27 November 1757 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye) was a French astronomer, a Professor of Physics and Philosophy at the Collège d'Harcourt (University of Paris), and a member of the French Academy of Sciences.	Pierre Lemonnier	French
languages spoken or written	Saâdane Afif (born in Vendôme, Loir-et-Cher Département, France, in 1970) is a French conceptual artist.	Saâdane Afif	French
languages spoken or written	Albert Russo (born 26 February 1943) is a Belgian bilingual (English and French) author of novels, short stories, essays and poems, as well as a photographer.	Albert Russo	English	French
languages spoken or written	John Camden Hotten (12 September 1832, Clerkenwell -- 14 June 1873, Hampstead) was an English bibliophile and publisher.	John Camden Hotten	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Ruberti (24 January 1927 -- 4 September 2000) was an Italian politician and engineer.	Antonio Ruberti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paul-Joseph Blanc (25 January 1846, Paris - 5 July 1904, Paris) was a French painter who specialized in scenes from ancient history and mythology.	Joseph Blanc	French
languages spoken or written	Julien Joseph Vesque (8 April 1848, in Luxembourg -- 25 July 1895, in Paris), was a French naturalist, noted for his work on the agricultural and horticultural benefits deriving from the study of plant physiology.	Julien Joseph Vesque	French
languages spoken or written	Xiao Hong or Hsiao Hung (2 June 1911 -- 22 January 1942) was a Chinese writer.	Xiao Hong	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Béat Fidèle Antoine Jean Dominique de La Tour-Châtillon de Zurlauben (1720--1799) was a distinguished soldier in the French army and Swiss historian.	Béat Fidèle Antoine Jean Dominique de La Tour-Châtillon de Zurlauben	French
languages spoken or written	Raoul Bricard (23 March 1870 -- 1944) is a French engineer and a mathematician.	Raoul Bricard	French
languages spoken or written	Jonathon Green is often referred to as the English-speaking world's leading lexicographer of slang, and has even been described as 'The most acclaimed British lexicographer since Johnson'.	Jonathon Green	English
languages spoken or written	Christian Molbech (8 October 1783 -- 23 June 1857) was a Danish historian, literary critic, writer and editor of historical sources.	Christian Molbech	Danish
languages spoken or written	Eduardo Haro Tecglen (1924--2005) was a Spanish journalist, writer and theatre critic.	Eduardo Haro Tecglen	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Fabio Colonna (called Linceo; 1567 -- 25 July 1640) was an Italian naturalist and botanist.	Fabio Colonna	Italian
languages spoken or written	Reinhold Messner (German pronunciation: (ˈʁaɪ̯nhɔlt ˈmɛsnɐ); born 17 September 1944) is an Italian mountaineer, adventurer, explorer, and author from the autonomous Italian province of South Tyrol.	Reinhold Messner	German
languages spoken or written	Nico Perrone (born April 27, 1935) is an Italian essayist, historian and journalist.	Nico Perrone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Philippe Sella (born 14 February 1962 in Tonneins) is a French former rugby union player, who held the record for most international appearances until beaten by Jason Leonard.	Philippe Sella	French
languages spoken or written	Roland Schimmelpfennig (born in Göttingen on 19 September 1967) is an award-winning German theatre director and playwright.	Roland Schimmelpfennig	German
languages spoken or written	Roger Foulon (3 August 1923 -- 23 February 2008) was a Belgian writer in French.	Roger Foulon	French
languages spoken or written	Marc-André Dalbavie (born 10 February 1961 at Neuilly-sur-Seine, France) is a French composer.	Marc-André Dalbavie	French
languages spoken or written	Nikolai von Koslowski (born 3 February 1958 in Esslingen) is a German journalist and award-winning director of radio plays like Die Stammheim-Bänder in 2009 and the prestigious Deutschen Hörbuchpreis.	Nikolai von Koslowski	German
languages spoken or written	Mark Roseman (born c. 1958) is an English historian of modern Europe with particular interest in The Holocaust.	Mark Roseman	English
languages spoken or written	Siegfried Einstein (30 November 1919 -- 25 April 1983) was a German-Jewish poet, novelist, essayist and journalist.	Siegfried Einstein	German
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Spielhagen (February 24, 1829 -- February 25, 1911) was a German novelist, literary theorist and translator.	Friedrich Spielhagen	German
languages spoken or written	Bartolommeo Gavanto, C.R.S.P. (Latin: Gavantus) (Monza, Duchy of Milan 1569--Milan, 14 August 1638) was an Italian Barnabite priest and liturgist.	Bartolommeo Gavanto	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jens Beckert (born 21 July 1967 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German sociologist with a strong interest in economic sociology.	Jens Beckert	German
languages spoken or written	James Vernon (1646--1727) was an English politician and Secretary of State for both the Northern and the Southern Departments during the reign of William III.	James Vernon	English
languages spoken or written	Sir John Curzon, 3rd Baronet (1674 -- 6 August 1727) was an English Tory politician who represented Derbyshire.	Sir John Curzon, 3rd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Rainer Zitelmann (born 14 June 1957 in Frankfurt) is a German historian, journalist and management consultant.	Rainer Zitelmann	German
languages spoken or written	Zofia Kossak-Szczucka (Polish pronunciation: (ˈzɔfʲja ˈkɔssak ˈʂt͡ʂut͡ska); 10 August 1889 -- 9 April 1968) was a Polish writer and World War II resistance fighter.	Zofia Kossak-Szczucka	Polish
languages spoken or written	Raghu Babu is a Telugu comedian well known for his comic expressions & timing.	Raghu Babu	Telugu
languages spoken or written	John Percival Postgate (24 October 1853 -- 15 July 1926) was an English classicist, professor of Latin at the University of Liverpool from 1909 to 1920.	John Percival Postgate	English
languages spoken or written	Louis Jolliet (September 21, 1645 -- last seen May 1700) was a French Canadian explorer known for his discoveries in North America.	Louis Jolliet	French
languages spoken or written	Simon Foucher (1 March 1644 -- 27 April 1696) was a French polemic philosopher.	Simon Foucher	French
languages spoken or written	Martin Bútora (born 7 October 1944) is a Slovak sociologist, writer, university professor and diplomat.	Martin Bútora	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Sònia Bagudanch (Mata, Pla de l'Estany, 1987) is a Catalan journalist.	Sònia Bagudanch	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Juan José Tamayo (born October 7, 1946, in Amusco, Palencia) is a Spanish theologian and professor of theology at the Charles III University of Madrid.	Juan José Tamayo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jagadish Gupta (Bengali: জগদীশ গুপ্ত) (July 1886 -- 15 April 1957) was an Indian poet, novelist and short story writer.	Jagadish Gupta	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Born in Amsterdam in 1941 of German parents, Reiner Schürmann wrote all his major published work in French.	Reiner Schürmann	French
languages spoken or written	Ricardo Bofill Leví (Catalan: (riˈkardo buˈfiʎ ɫəˈβi)) (born December 5, 1939), is a Spanish (Catalan) architect, who, since 1963, continues to lead the international architectural and urban design practice Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura.	Ricardo Bofill	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jens Otto Harry Jespersen or Otto Jespersen (Danish: (ˈʌd̥o ˈjɛsb̥ɐsn̩); 16 July 1860 -- 30 April 1943) was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language.	Otto Jespersen	Danish	English
languages spoken or written	Amos Kenan (Hebrew: עמוס קינן‎), also Amos Keinan, (May 2, 1927 -- August 4, 2009) was an Israeli columnist, painter, sculptor, playwright and novelist.	Amos Kenan	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Catherine Lara (born Catherine Bodet; 29 May 1945) is a French violinist, composer and singer.	Catherine Lara	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Berchet (23 December, 1783 -- 23 December, 1851) was an Italian poet and patriot.	Giovanni Berchet	Italian
languages spoken or written	Andrew Marvell (/ˈmɑrvəl/; 31 March 1621 -- 16 August 1678) was an English metaphysical poet, satirist and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1678.	Andrew Marvell	English
languages spoken or written	(French) Afshin Ghaffarian, Baptiste Pizzinat.	Afshin Ghaffarian	French
languages spoken or written	Bernard Frize (born 1954, Saint-Mandé, France) is a French painter who works in a variety of materials and utilizes a multitude of techniques.	Bernard Frize	French
languages spoken or written	Grigore Ureche (Romanian pronunciation: (ɡriˈɡore uˈreke); 1590--1647) was a Moldavian chronicler who wrote on Moldavian history in his Letopiseţul Ţării Moldovei (The Chronicles of the land of Moldavia), covering the period from 1359 to 1594.	Grigore Ureche	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Charles Rappoport (1865, Dūkštas, Lithuania -- November 17, 1941, Saint-Cirq-Lapopie, Cahors, France) was a Russian-born French militant communist politician, journalist and writer.	Charles Rappoport	French
languages spoken or written	Théodore Ballu (8 June 1817 - 22 May 1885) was a French architect who designed numerous public buildings in Paris .	Théodore Ballu	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Agnelli (13 August 1866 -- 16 December 1945) was an Italian entrepreneur, who founded Fiat car manufacturing in 1899.	Giovanni Agnelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Simonetta Greggio is an Italian novelist who writes in French.	Simonetta Greggio	Italian	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Dupuis (7 December 1828, Saint-Just-la-Pendue, France -- 28 November 1912, Monaco) was a French trader and explorer.	Jean Dupuis	French
languages spoken or written	Jasper Kent (born 1968) is an English author and composer.	Jasper Kent	English
languages spoken or written	José Carlos Adán (born 22 July 1967 in Vigo) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in cross-country running.	José Carlos Adán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Aboul-Qacem Echebbi (Arabic: أبو القاسم الشابي‎ Abū al-Qāsim ash-Shābbī) (24 February 1909 - 9 October 1934) was a Tunisian poet.	Aboul-Qacem Echebbi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Ritter (German: (ˈʀɪtɐ); 21 November 1791 -- 3 February 1869) was a German philosopher.	Heinrich Ritter	German
languages spoken or written	Louis-Charles Mahé de La Bourdonnais (1795--1840) was a French chess master, possibly the strongest player in the early 19th century.	Louis-Charles Mahé de La Bourdonnais	French
languages spoken or written	Antoine-Laurent Castellan (1772--1838) was a French painter, architect, and engraver.	Antoine-Laurent Castellan	French
languages spoken or written	Wang Zengqi (Chinese: 汪曾祺; pinyin: Wāng Zēngqí) (1920--1997) was a contemporary Chinese writer.	Wang Zengqi	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Fernando Castro Palao (b. at León in 1581; d. at Medina, 1 December 1633) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian.	Fernando Castro Palao	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johan Ehrenberg (born 14 July 1957) is a Swedish author, journalist and entrepreneur.	Johan Ehrenberg	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Georges Leclanché (1839 -- September 14, 1882) was a French electrical engineer chiefly remembered for his invention of the Leclanché cell, one of the first modern electrical batteries and the forerunner of the modern dry cell battery.	Georges Leclanché	French
languages spoken or written	Béat Louis de Muralt (1665 - 1749) was a Swiss travel writer, his principal work being Lettres sur les Anglois et les François et sur les voiages (1725), translated into English as Letters describing the Character and Customs of the English and French Nations (1726).	Béat Louis de Muralt	French
languages spoken or written	Julián Mateos (15 January 1938 -- 27 December 1996) was a Spanish actor and film producer.	Julián Mateos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paul Britten Austin (5 April 1922 -- 25 July 2005) was an English author, translator, broadcaster, administrator, and scholar of Swedish literature.	Paul Britten Austin	English
languages spoken or written	Ahmed Rashid (Urdu:احمد رشید; born 1948) is a former Pakistani militant, a journalist and best-selling foreign policy author of several books about Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Central Asia.	Ahmed Rashid	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Giulio Bizzozero (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdʒuljo bidˈdzɔddzero); 20 March 1846 -- 8 April 1901) was an Italian doctor and medical researcher.	Giulio Bizzozero	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lodovico Grossi da Viadana (usually Lodovico Viadana, though his family name was Grossi; c. 1560 -- 2 May 1627) was an Italian composer, teacher, and Franciscan friar of the Order of Friars Minor Observants.	Lodovico Grossi da Viadana	Italian
languages spoken or written	Matthias Politycki (* 20 May 1955 in Karlsruhe, Germany) is a German writer.	Matthias Politycki	German
languages spoken or written	Claude Charles Fauriel (21 October 1772 -- 15 July 1844) was a French historian, philologist and critic.	Claude Charles Fauriel	French
languages spoken or written	Emőke Lipcsey, born in Budapest is a Hungarian author, currently living in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Emőke Lipcsey	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Luigi Nono (Italian pronunciation: (luˈiːdʒi ˈnɔːno); 29 January 1924 -- 8 May 1990) was an Italian avant-garde composer of classical music and remains one of the most prominent composers of the 20th century.	Luigi Nono	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rocko Schamoni, (born May 8, 1966 in Lütjenburg) real name is Tobias Albrecht, is a German entertainer, author, musician, club proprietor and member of the comedy ensemble Studio Braun.	Rocko Schamoni	German
languages spoken or written	Beata Szymańska (born in Puławy, Poland, on 29 January 1938) is a Polish poet and writer.	Beata Szymańska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jules Cardot (18 August 1860 -- 22 November 1934) was a French botanist and bryologist considered in his time one of the world's leading experts on the mosses of Antarctica.	Jules Cardot	French
languages spoken or written	Harrington Evans Broad (born 1844--December 8, 1927) was an English Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1892 to 1895.	Harrington Evans Broad	English
languages spoken or written	Sharman Joshi (Gujarati: શરમન જોશી, Hindi: शर्मन जोशी) (born 28 April 1979) is an Indian film and theatre actor.	Sharman Joshi	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Francisco López de Zárate (1580--1658) was a Spanish poet, playwright and writer.	Francisco López de Zárate	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Michelangelo Fardella (1650 -- January 2, 1718) was an Italian scientist.	Michelangelo Fardella	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jóhann Sigurjónsson (June 19, 1880 -- August 31, 1919) was an Icelandic playwright and poet.	Jóhann Sigurjónsson	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	Karl Anton Eugen Prantl (10 September 1849 -- 24 February 1893), also known as Carl Anton Eugen Prantl, was a German botanist.	Karl Anton Eugen Prantl	German
languages spoken or written	Christian Beullac, (born 29 November 1923 in Marseillan (Hérault) -- died 16 June 1986) was a French politician.	Christian Beullac	French
languages spoken or written	Walter Crane (15 August 1845 -- 14 March 1915) was an English artist and book illustrator.	Walter Crane	English
languages spoken or written	Turgut Cansever (12 September 1921 - 22 February 2009, İstanbul) Turkish Architect, city planner, thinker.	Turgut Cansever	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Jean Jaurès (French: (ʒɑ̃ ʒɔ.ʁɛːs); full name Auguste Marie Joseph Jean Léon Jaurès; 3 September 1859 -- 31 July 1914) was a French Socialist leader.	Jean Jaurès	French
languages spoken or written	Gregor Schneider (born 5 April 1969 in Rheydt) is a German artist, whose main area of work is constructed rooms.	Gregor Schneider	German
languages spoken or written	Mathilde de Morny (26 May 1863 - 29 June 1944) was a French noblewoman, artist and transgender figure.	Mathilde de Morny	French
languages spoken or written	Claudius Salmasius is the Latin name of Claude Saumaise (15 April 1588 -- 3 September 1653), a French classical scholar.	Claudius Salmasius	Latin
languages spoken or written	P. J. Antony (Malayalam: പി.ജെ. ആന്റണി; 1 January 1925 -- 14 March 1979) was an Indian stage and film actor.	P. J. Antony	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Fritiof Nilsson Piraten (``the Pirate'') (4 December 1895 in Vollsjö -- 31 January 1972 in Malmö), born Nils Fritiof Adam Nilsson was a Swedish author, from the south-most province Skåne, which plays an important role in many of his books.	Fritiof Nilsson Piraten	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Fausto Zonaro (18 September 1854 -- 19 July 1929) was an Italian painter, best known for his Realist style paintings of life and history of the Ottoman Empire.	Fausto Zonaro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hans Daniel Johan Wallengren (June 8, 1823 -- October 25, 1894) was a Swedish entomologist.	Hans Daniel Johan Wallengren	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Juan Panero, Spanish poet born in Astorga (León) in 1908 and deceased in 1937.	Juan Panero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dušan Kováč (3 January 1942, Humenné, Slovakia) is a Slovak historian and writer.	Dušan Kováč	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Sébastien de Brossard, pronounced (se.bɑs.tjẽ də brɔ.saːr), (12 September 1655 -- 10 August 1730) was a French music theorist, composer and collector.	Sébastien de Brossard	French
languages spoken or written	Pascal Dubreuil (born c. 1970) is a French harpsichordist, a teacher and a specialist of musical rhetoric.	Pascal Dubreuil	French
languages spoken or written	Art, Artem, Artemiy or Artemy Troitsky (Russian: Арте́мий Тро́ицкий, born 16 June 1955 in Yaroslavl) is a Russian journalist, music critic, concert promoter, broadcaster, and an academic who has taught classes on music journalism at Moscow State University.	Artemy Troitsky	Russian
languages spoken or written	Ambroise Rendu (1778--1860) was a French educator and translator.	Ambroise Rendu	French
languages spoken or written	Claudia Țapardel (born 16 December 1983 in Bucharest) is a Romanian Member of the European Parliament for the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats (S&D).	Claudia Țapardel	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Gerardo D'Ambrosio (29 November 1930 - 30 March 2014) was an Italian magistrate and politician.	Gerardo D'Ambrosio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hervé Cras (7 August 1910 -- 2 November 1980) was a French military and naval historian, who wrote under the pseudonym Jacques Mordal.	Hervé Cras	French
languages spoken or written	Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz (23 January 1751, or 12 January in the Julian calendar--4 June 1792, or 24 May in the Julian calendar) was a Baltic German writer of the Sturm und Drang movement.	Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz	German
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Vittoria (1525--1608) was an Italian Mannerist sculptor of the Venetian school, ``one of the main representatives of the Venetian classical style'' and rivalling Giambologna as the foremost sculptors of the late 16th century in Italy.	Alessandro Vittoria	Italian
languages spoken or written	Wu Jingzi (simplified Chinese: 吴敬梓; traditional Chinese: 吳敬梓; pinyin: Wú Jìngzǐ; Wade--Giles: Wu Ching-tse, 1701--January 11, 1754) was a Chinese scholar and writer who was born in the city now known as Chuzhou, Anhui and who died in Yangzhou, Jiangsu.	Wu Jingzi	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Aimé Thomé de Gamond (Poitiers, November 1807 - 1876) was a French eccentric engineer and entrepreneur who lived during the 19th century.	Aimé Thomé de Gamond	French
languages spoken or written	Fernando Maura Barandiarán is a Spanish lawyer, politician and writer.	Fernando Maura Barandiarán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ennio Morricone, Grand Officer OMRI (Italian: (ˈɛnnjo morriˈkoːne); born 10 November 1928) is an Italian composer, orchestrator, conductor, and former trumpet player, born in Rome.	Ennio Morricone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Maximilian Herre (born 22 April 1973 in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg), better known by his stage- and nickname Max Herre, is a German musician who rose to fame as a member of the group Freundeskreis.	Max Herre	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Halley Stewart (18 January 1838 -- 26 January 1937) was an English businessman, journalist, philanthropist and Liberal Party politician who sat as an Member of Parliament (MP) from 1887 to 1895 and again from 1906 to 1910.	Halley Stewart	English
languages spoken or written	Charles Louis Auguste Jacques Seydoux (1870--1929) was a French diplomat, economist and Director of Commercial Relations at the French Foreign Ministry.	Jacques Seydoux	French
languages spoken or written	Endre Szász (7 January 1926 - 18 August 2003) was a Hungarian graphic artist, printmaker, illustrator, muralist and ceramics decorator.	Endre Szász	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Ettore Scola (Italian pronunciation: (ˌɛtːore ˈskɔːla); 10 May 1931 -- 19 January 2016) was an Italian screenwriter and film director.	Ettore Scola	Italian
languages spoken or written	Friedrich August Kekulé, later Friedrich August Kekule von Stradonitz (German pronunciation: (ˈfriːdrɪç ˈaʊɡʊst ˈkekuːle fɔn ʃtraˈdoːnɪts)) (7 September 1829 -- 13 July 1896) was a German organic chemist.	August Kekulé	German
languages spoken or written	Maurice Lehmann (1895--1974) was a French actor, director and producer of the stage and screen.	Maurice Lehmann	French
languages spoken or written	Marie-Jean-Lucien Lacaze (22 June 1860, Pierrefonds, Oise -- 23 March 1955, Paris) was a French admiral, minister of Marine, préfet maritime and académicien.	Marie-Jean-Lucien Lacaze	French
languages spoken or written	Jerzy Kosiński (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjɛʐɨ kɔˈɕiɲskʲi); June 14, 1933 -- May 3, 1991), born Józef Lewinkopf, was an award-winning Polish-American novelist and two-time President of the American Chapter of P.E.N., who wrote primarily in English.	Jerzy Kosiński	English
languages spoken or written	Étienne Bauny (b. in 1564 at Mouzon, Ardennes, France; d. 3 December 1649, at Saint Pol de Léon) was a French Jesuit theologian.	Étienne Bauny	French
languages spoken or written	Adolfo de Castro (died October 1898 in Cádiz, Spain) was a Spanish historian and member of the Real Academia de la Historia of Madrid.	Adolfo de Castro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Helene Hegemann (born February 19, 1992, in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German writer, director, and actress.	Helene Hegemann	German
languages spoken or written	Yannick Vaugrenard (born 25 June 1950, in Trignac, Loire-Atlantique) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the west of France.	Yannick Vaugrenard	French
languages spoken or written	Hugh Whitemore (born 1936) is an English playwright and screenwriter.	Hugh Whitemore	English
languages spoken or written	Vincenzo Viviani (April 5, 1622 -- September 22, 1703) was an Italian mathematician and scientist.	Vincenzo Viviani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Whitmore (16 November 1782 - 6 February 1846) was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1806 to 1831.	Thomas Whitmore	English
languages spoken or written	Ernst Gottlieb Baron or Ernst Theofil Baron (17 February 1696 -- 12 April 1760), was a German lutenist, composer and writer on music.	Ernst Gottlieb Baron	German
languages spoken or written	Bernard Buigues (born in Fes, Morocco on 19 July 1954) is a French explorer who has organized expeditions to the North Pole and Siberia since the early 1990s.	Bernard Buigues	French
languages spoken or written	Norberto Bobbio (Italian: (norˈbɛrto ˈbɔbbjo); October 18, 1909 -- January 9, 2004) was an Italian philosopher of law and political sciences and a historian of political thought.	Norberto Bobbio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Clifford Bax (13 July 1886 -- 18 November 1962) was a versatile English writer, known particularly as a playwright, a journalist, critic and editor, and a poet, lyricist and hymn writer.	Clifford Bax	English
languages spoken or written	Konrad Naumann (born Leipzig 25 November 1928: died Guayaquil 25 July 1992) was an East German politician.	Konrad Naumann	German
languages spoken or written	George Sandys (/ˈsændz/ SANDZ; 2 March 1577 -- March 1644) was an English traveller, colonist and poet.	George Sandys	English
languages spoken or written	Marie Henri d'Arbois de Jubainville (5 December 1827 -- 26 February 1910), was a French historian and philologist.	Marie Henri d'Arbois de Jubainville	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Lara de Gavilán (September 22, 1896 -- January 4, 1978) was a Spanish graphic artist, editorial cartoonist and author of comic theatre.	Antonio Lara de Gavilán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir William Whitelock KC (27 December 1636 -- 22 November 1717) was an English Tory gentleman, barrister, and member of parliament.	William Whitelock	English
languages spoken or written	Irene Worth, CBE (June 23, 1916 -- March 9, 2002) was an American stage and screen actress who became one of the leading stars of the English and American theatre.	Irene Worth	English
languages spoken or written	Dany-Robert Dufour (born in 1947) is a French philosopher, professor of educational sciences at the university Paris-VIII. He teaches regularly abroad, particularly in Latin America.	Dany-Robert Dufour	French
languages spoken or written	Bagavathi Perumal is an Indian actor, who has worked in Tamil films.	Bagavathi Perumal	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Romano Guardini (17 February 1885 in Verona -- 1 October 1968 in Munich) was an Italian-born German Catholic priest, author, and academic.	Romano Guardini	German
languages spoken or written	Luigi Pigorini (10 January 1842 -- 1 April 1925) was an Italian palaeoethnologist, archaeologist and ethnographer.	Luigi Pigorini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Enrique de Villena (1384--1434), also known as Henry de Villeine and Enrique de Aragón, was a medieval Spanish marquess of Villena, writer, theologian and poet.	Enrique de Villena	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Anatole Deibler (1863--1939) was a French executioner.	Anatole Deibler	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Bagot (French: (bago); 9 July 1591 -- 23 August 1664) was a Jesuit theologian.	Jean Bagot	French
languages spoken or written	Ginka Steinwachs (born October 31, 1942) is a German educator and writer.	Ginka Steinwachs	German
languages spoken or written	Xavier Grall (1930--1981) was a journalist and poet from Brittany, France who was a strong advocate of Breton nationalism during the Third Emsav.	Xavier Grall	Breton
languages spoken or written	Susmesh Chandroth (born April 1, 1977) is a Malayalam-language author from Kerala state, India.	Susmesh Chandroth	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Lilian Lee (Traditional Chinese: 李碧華, Simplified: 李碧华, Pinyin: Lǐ Bìhuá), also known as Li Bai, was born in Hong Kong in 1959.	Lilian Lee	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Jordi Bonet (7 May 1932 -- 25 December 1979) was a Catalan-born Canadian painter, ceramist, muralist, and sculptor who worked principally in Quebec.	Jordi Bonet	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Edwin Cerio (1875--1960) was a prominent Italian writer, engineer, architect, historian, and botanist.	Edwin Cerio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Robert Hyde Greg (24 September 1795 -- 21 February 1875), was an English industrialist, economist and antiquary.	Robert Hyde Greg	English
languages spoken or written	Dionisio Carreras (9 October 1890 -- 16 July 1949) was a Spanish long-distance runner.	Dionisio Carreras	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Marta Botía Alonso (born September 15, 1974 in Madrid) is a Spanish singer-songwriter.	Marta Botía Alonso	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Liu Kuo-sung (Liu Guosong) (Simplified Chinese: 刘国松; Traditional Chinese: 劉國松; Pinyin: Liu Guosong; born 1932) is a Chinese artist based in Shanghai and Taoyuan, Taiwan.	Liu Guosong	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Jordi González Belart (Barcelona, Spain, 26 September 1962) is a Spanish journalist and television and radio presenter.	Jordi González	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Văn Linh (1 July 1915 -- 27 April 1998) was a Vietnamese revolutionary and politician.	Nguyễn Văn Linh	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Joan Rubió y Bellver (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈan ruβiˈo)) (24 April 1870 -- 30 November 1952) was a Spanish architect famous for his contributions to the Catalan Modernista movement.	Joan Rubió	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johannes Eppler (1914--1999), also known as Hans Eppler, John Eppler, and Hussein Gaafer, was a World War II Abwehr spy, a German who had been raised in Egypt by his Egyptian stepfather.	Johannes Eppler	German
languages spoken or written	Jadwiga Łuszczewska (pseudonym: Deotyma (Diotima); 1 July 1834 -- 23 September 1908) was a Polish poet and novelist.	Jadwiga Łuszczewska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Guðbrandur Þorláksson (or Gudbrandur Thorlaksson) (1541 -- July 20, 1627) was an Icelandic mathematician, cartographer and clergyman.	Guðbrandur Þorláksson	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	Anne-Sophie Mutter (born 29 June 1963) is a German violinist.	Anne-Sophie Mutter	German
languages spoken or written	Marin Beçikemi (aka Latin: Marinus Becichemus Scodrensis) (1468-1526) was an Albanian 15th and 16th century humanist, orator, and chronist.	Marin Beçikemi	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jean Herauld Gourville (July 10, 1625 -- June 14, 1703) was a French adventurer.	Jean Herauld Gourville	French
languages spoken or written	Harry Ott (born Chemnitz 15 October 1933: died Prieros 24 June 2005) was a German diplomat who became a politician towards the end of his professional career.	Harry Ott	German
languages spoken or written	Denis Serre (born 1 November 1954) is a French mathematician who works as a professor at the École normale supérieure de Lyon, where he has chaired the mathematics department since 2012.	Denis Serre	French
languages spoken or written	Gracita Morales (11 November 1928 -- 3 April 1995) was a classic Spanish film supporting actress with a famous voice.	Gracita Morales	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Julián López Escobar (born October 3, 1982), commonly known as El Juli, is a Spanish bullfighter.	Julián López Escobar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Josep Comas i Solà (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛp ˈkoməs i suˈla)) (17 December 1868 -- 2 December 1937) was a Spanish astronomer of Catalan origin born in Barcelona.	Josep Comas i Solà	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Krish J. Sathaar (born as Unnikrishnan) is an Indian film actor and entrepreneur who primarily works in Malayalam and Tamil films.	Krish J. Sathaar	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Lluís Maria Xirinacs i Damians (Catalan pronunciation: (ʎuˈiz məˈɾi.ə ʃiɾiˈnaks); 1932 -- 11 August 2007) was a Catalan politician, writer, religious leader and advocate for the independence of the Catalan Countries.	Lluís Maria Xirinacs	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Baltasar Gracián y Morales, SJ (Spanish pronunciation: (baltaˈsar ɣɾaˈθjan); 8 January 1601 -- 6 December 1658), formerly Anglicized as Baltazar Gracian, was a Spanish Jesuit and baroque prose writer and philosopher.	Baltasar Gracián	Spanish
languages spoken or written	François Boucq (French: (bu); born 28 November 1955 in Lille), is a French comic book artist.	François Boucq	French
languages spoken or written	José Ignacio Landaluce Calleja (born February 1, 1959) is a Spanish politician and surgeon who has been a member of the Congress of Deputies, representing Cadiz Province between 1996 and 2000 and since 2008, and is the current mayor of Algeciras.	José Ignacio Landaluce	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Altuğ Taner Akçam (born in Ardahan, Turkey, October 23, 1953) is a Turkish-German historian and sociologist.	Taner Akçam	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Venerable Marina de Escobar (8 February 1554 -- 9 June 1633) was a Spanish nun, and foundress of a modified branch of the Brigittine Order.	Marina de Escobar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eduardo Zamacois y Zabala (2 July 1841 -- 12 January 1871) was a Spanish academic painter who was born in Bilbao, Spain on 2 July 1841.	Eduardo Zamacois y Zabala	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Anna Margolin (Yiddish: אַננאַ מאַרגאָליו) is the pen name of Rosa Harning Lebensboym (1887--1952) a twentieth century Jewish Russian-American, Yiddish language poet.	Anna Margolin	Yiddish
languages spoken or written	Georg Rasch (21 September 1901 - 19 October 1980) was a Danish mathematician, statistician, and psychometrician, most famous for the development of a class of measurement models known as Rasch models.	Georg Rasch	Danish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Eugène Marcellin Berthelot (French: (bɛʁtəlo)) FRS FRSE (25 October 1827 -- 18 March 1907) was a French chemist and politician noted for the Thomsen-Berthelot principle of thermochemistry.	Marcellin Berthelot	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Jacinto Muñoz Rengel (born 1974, in Malaga, Spain) is a Spanish writer.	Juan Jacinto Muñoz Rengel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kamal al-Din ʻUmar ibn Aḥmad Ibn al-Adim (1192--1262; Arabic: كمال الدين عمر بن أحمد ابن العديم) was an Arab biographer and historian from Aleppo.	Ibn al-Adim	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Jacek Kurski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjat͡sɛk ˈkurskʲi), born 22 February 1966 in Gdańsk) is a Polish politician.	Jacek Kurski	Polish
languages spoken or written	F.C. Terborgh (14 January 1902 in Den Helder -- 26 February 1981 in Linho Sintra), was the pseudonym of Reijnier Flaes, a Dutch diplomat, prose writer and poet.	F.C. Terborgh	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Georg Bronn (3 March 1800 -- 5 July 1862) was a German geologist and paleontologist.	Heinrich Georg Bronn	German
languages spoken or written	Abramo Basevi (December 1818 -- November 1885) was an Italian musicologist and composer.	Abramo Basevi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henri Hébrard de Villeneuve (10 September 1848 -- 22 March 1925) was a French fencer.	Henri Hébrard de Villeneuve	French
languages spoken or written	Since 1976 Péter Forgács has been active in the Hungarian art scene as media artist/filmmaker.	Péter Forgács	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Veneroni (1642-1708) was a French linguist, lexicographer and grammarian.	Giovanni Veneroni	French
languages spoken or written	Leopold Infeld (20 August 1898 -- 15 January 1968) was a Polish physicist who worked mainly in Poland and Canada (1938--1950).	Leopold Infeld	Polish
languages spoken or written	Leon Battista Alberti (Italian pronunciation: (leˈom batˈtista alˈbɛrti); February 14, 1404 -- April 25, 1472) was an Italian humanist author, artist, architect, poet, priest, linguist, philosopher and cryptographer; he epitomised the Renaissance Man.	Leon Battista Alberti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Étienne-Jean Georget (2 April 1795 -- 14 May 1828) was an early French psychiatrist.	Étienne-Jean Georget	French
languages spoken or written	George Delaval (c. 1667 -- 22 June 1723) was an English naval admiral and diplomat.	George Delaval	English
languages spoken or written	Gerhard J. Bellinger (born 11 March 1931) is a German Theologian, university Professor for Theology of the New Testament and History of Christianity and History of religions at Dortmund University of Technology.	Gerhard J. Bellinger	German
languages spoken or written	Louis Alfred Becquerel (3 June 1814 -- 10 March 1862) was a French physicist and medical researcher.	Louis Alfred Becquerel	French
languages spoken or written	Anasuya Shankar (Kannada: ಅನಸೂಯಾ ಶಂಕರ; 1928 -- 1963), popularly known by her pen name as Triveni (Kannada: ತ್ರಿವೇಣಿ), was an Indian writer of modern fiction in Kannada language.	Anasuya Shankar	Kannada
languages spoken or written	Salome Zurabishvili (Georgian: სალომე ზურაბიშვილი) (born 18 March 1952) is a French-born Georgian politician, from 2004 to 2005 Foreign Minister of Georgia and a former diplomat in the French service.	Salome Zurabishvili	French
languages spoken or written	Jules-Alexandre Grün (25 May 1868 -- 15 February 1938) was a French post-impressionist painter, poster artist, and illustrator.	Jules-Alexandre Grün	French
languages spoken or written	Vehbi Koç (20 July 1901, Çoraklı, Ankara, Ottoman Empire -- 25 February 1996) was a Turkish entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Vehbi Koç	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Mervyn Herbert Nevil Story Maskelyne (3 September 1823 -- 20 May 1911) was an English geologist and politician.	Nevil Story Maskelyne	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Richard Rodney Bennett, CBE (29 March 1936 -- 24 December 2012) was an English composer of film, TV and concert music, and also a jazz pianist.	Richard Rodney Bennett	English
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Petrosellini (29 November 1727 -- 1799) was an Italian poet and prolific librettist working primarily in the dramma giocoso and opera buffa genres.	Giuseppe Petrosellini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ch'ien Mu, (Chinese: 錢穆; pinyin: Qián Mù; 30 July 1895 -- 30 August 1990), was a Chinese historian, educator, philosopher and Confucian, considered to be one of the greatest historians and philosophers in 20th-century China.	Ch'ien Mu	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Yun Hyon-seok (hangul: 윤현석 尹賢碩, August 7, 1984 -- April 26, 2003) was a South Korean LGBT poet, writer and LGBT activist.	Yun Hyon-seok	Korean
languages spoken or written	Abdel Latif Moubarak (Arabic: عبد اللطيف مبارك) is an Egyptian poet (born in Suez in 1964).	Abdel Latif Moubarak	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Cyrille Guimard (born 20 January 1947, Bouguenais, Loire-Atlantique) is a French former professional road racing cyclist who became a directeur sportif and then a television commentator.	Cyrille Guimard	French
languages spoken or written	Luis Bermejo Rojo (12 August 1931 -- 12 December 2015) was a Spanish illustrator and comics artist known for his work published in Spain, Italy, Great Britain, and the United States.	Luis Bermejo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Shaykh Tusi (Persian: شیخ طوسی‎‎), full name Abu Jafar Muhammad Ibn Hassan Tusi (Persian: ابوجعفر محمد بن حسن طوسی‎‎), known as Shaykh al-Taʾifah (Arabic: شيخ الطائفة‎) was a prominent Persian scholar of the Twelver school of Shia Islam.	Shaykh Tusi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Salvatore Di Giacomo (12 March 1860 -- 4 April 1934) was an Italian poet, songwriter, playwright and fascist intellectual, one of the signers of the Manifesto of the Fascist Intellectuals.	Salvatore Di Giacomo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan Martínez Montañés (March 16, 1568 -- June 18, 1649), known as el Dios de la Madera (the God of Wood), was a Spanish sculptor, born at Alcalá la Real, in the province of Jaén.	Juan Martínez Montañés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Matías Prats Cañete (4 December 1913 -- 8 September 2004) was a Spanish radio and television journalist.	Matías Prats Cañete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Charles Louis François de Paule de Barentin was a French statesman and Keeper of the Seals of France at the end of the reign of Louis XVI.	Charles Louis François de Paule de Barentin	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Joshua Walmsley (1794--1871) was an English businessman and Liberal Party politician.	Joshua Walmsley	English
languages spoken or written	Born in Melbourne of English parents and educated at schools in Melbourne, York and Cambridge, Wilfrid Prest read history at the University of Melbourne and then studied for his doctorate at the University of Oxford.	Wilfrid Prest	English
languages spoken or written	Yasumi Kobayashi (小林泰三) (b. August 7, 1962) is a Japanese author of horror, science fiction and mystery.	Yasumi Kobayashi	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Nicolas de Staël (French: (ni.kɔ.la də stal); January 5, 1914 -- March 16, 1955) was a French painter of Russian origin known for his use of a thick impasto and his highly abstract landscape painting.	Nicolas de Staël	French
languages spoken or written	Josep Domènech i Estapà (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛb duˈmɛnək)) (Tarragona, 1858 -- Cabrera de Mar, 1917) was a Catalan architect.	Josep Domènech i Estapà	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Gilberto Zorio (born 1944) is an Italian artist associated with the Italian Arte Povera movement.	Gilberto Zorio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Claude Maleval (born 1946) is a French Lacanian psychoanalyst, member of the École de la Cause Freudienne and professor of psychopathology at the University of Rennes 2 (retired since 2014).	Jean-Claude Maleval	French
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm von Kaulbach (15 October 1805, Bad Arolsen, Waldeck -- 7 April 1874) was a German painter, noted mainly as a muralist, but also as a book illustrator.	Wilhelm von Kaulbach	German
languages spoken or written	Tivadar Csontváry Kosztka (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtivɒdɒr ˈt͡ʃontvaːri ˈkostkɒ); July 5, 1853 -- June 20, 1919) was a Hungarian painter who was part of the avant-garde movement of the early twentieth century.	Tivadar Csontváry Kosztka	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Israel Pincas (Hebrew: ישראל פנקס‎; born January 28, 1935) is an Israeli poet.	Israel Pincas	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Antoni Gorecki (1787 -- 18 September 1861) was a Polish poet and writer, author of satires and short stories for children.	Antoni Gorecki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Louis Martinet (born 8 November 1912, Sainte-Bazeille,died 20 December 2010) is a French composer.	Jean-Louis Martinet	French
languages spoken or written	Tom Cheesman (born 1961 in Liverpool) is a Reader in German at Swansea University, literary critic and literary translator.	Tom Cheesman	German
languages spoken or written	Preethi Kamala (born February 21, 1986), is an Indian model and film actress who started her career in Malayalam films.	Preethi Kamala	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Louis de Boullogne II (1657 - 2 November 1733), known as Boullogne fils, was a French painter.	Louis de Boullogne	French
languages spoken or written	James Edwin Thorold Rogers (23 March 1823 -- 14 October 1890), known as Thorold Rogers, was an English economist, historian and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1886.	Thorold Rogers	English
languages spoken or written	Matías Barrio y Mier (1844 -- 1909) was a Spanish law academic and a Carlist politician.	Matías Barrio y Mier	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Frans Widerberg (born 8 April 1934) is a Norwegian painter and graphical artist He was born in trondheim.	Frans Widerberg	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Julião Sarmento (born in Lisbon, 1948) is a Portuguese multimedia artist and painter.	Julião Sarmento	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Venezuelan anthropologist Elisabeth Burgos-Debray (born at Valencia, Venezuela, in 1941), former wife of the French philosopher Régis Debray, was the editor of Rigoberta Menchú's controversial autobiography I, Rigoberta Menchú.	Elisabeth Burgos-Debray	French
languages spoken or written	Leevi Lehto (born 23 February 1951, and living in Helsinki), is a Finnish poet, translator, and programmer.	Leevi Lehto	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Arthur Cecil Pigou (18 November 1877 -- 7 March 1959) was an English economist.	Arthur Cecil Pigou	English
languages spoken or written	Onofre Pratdesaba (1733, Vic -- 1810, Rome) was a Catalan jesuit and writer.	Onofre Pratdesaba	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Daniel Chalonge (January 21, 1895 -- November 28, 1977) was a French astronomer and astrophysicist.	Daniel Chalonge	French
languages spoken or written	Christoph Friedrich von Ammon (January 16, 1766 -- May 21, 1850) was a German theological writer and preacher.	Christoph Friedrich von Ammon	German
languages spoken or written	Erik Bulatov (Russian: Эрик Владимирович Булатов) is a Russian artist born on September 5, 1933 in Sverdlovsk and raised in Moscow.	Erik Bulatov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Tanika Gupta, MBE (born 1 December 1963) is an English playwright of Bengali descent.	Tanika Gupta	English
languages spoken or written	Manuela Viegas (13 October 1957) is a Portuguese film editor and director.	Manuela Viegas	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Hermann Volrath Hilprecht (July 28, 1859 -- March 19, 1925) was a German-American Assyriologist and archaeologist.	Hermann Volrath Hilprecht	German
languages spoken or written	Joachim Werneburg (born July 15, 1953 in Erfurt, Germany) is a German writer who specialises in lyric poetry and short prose.	Joachim Werneburg	German
languages spoken or written	Pascual Cervera y Topete (February 18, 1839 -- April 3, 1909) served as an admiral (almirante) of the Spanish Caribbean Squadron during the Spanish--	Pascual Cervera y Topete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eleanor Hibbert (1 September 1906 -- 18 January 1993) was an English author who combined imagination with facts to bring history alive through novels of fiction and romance.	Eleanor Hibbert	English
languages spoken or written	Robert Reinick (22 February 1805 -- 7 February 1852) was a German painter and poet, associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.	Robert Reinick	German
languages spoken or written	Lucijan Marija Škerjanc (December 17, 1900 -- February 27, 1973) was a Slovene composer, music pedagogue, conductor, musician, and writer who was accomplished on and wrote for a number of musical instruments such as the piano, violin and clarinet.	Lucijan Marija Škerjanc	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Ram Avtar was a character actor turned comedian in Hindi cinema.	Ram Avtar	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Jerzy Michalski (9 April 1924 in Warsaw -- 26 February 2007 in Warsaw) was a Polish historian, specializing in the 18th and 19th centuries.	Jerzy Michalski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Michaela Haas, Ph.D, is a German reporter, TV-host, and author.	Michaela Haas	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques Daget (born 30 June 1919 in Vineuil - died 29 June 2009), was a French ichthyologist.	Jacques Daget	French
languages spoken or written	André Badonnel (5 July 1898 Épinal, Vosges -30 April 1991) was a French entomologist who specialised in Psocoptera He wrote Faune de France.	André Badonnel	French
languages spoken or written	Michele Galdieri (1902--1965) was an Italian screenwriter, songwriter and lyricist.	Michele Galdieri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Cliff McNish is an English author of primarily fantasy and supernatural novels for middle-grade readers and young adults.	Cliff McNish	English
languages spoken or written	Walther Bensemann (13 January 1873 -- 12 November 1934) was a German pioneer of football and founder of the country's major sports publication, Kicker.	Walther Bensemann	German
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Hoerle (1 September 1895 -- 7 July 1936) was a German constructivist artist of the New Objectivity movement.	Heinrich Hoerle	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Sue (28 December 1739 -- 28 March 1816) was a French librarian and physician.	Pierre Sue	French
languages spoken or written	Sibylla Schwarz, also known as Sibylle Schwartz(in) (14 February 1621 in Greifswald -- 31 July 1638 in Greifswald) was a German poet of the Baroque era.	Sibylla Schwarz	German
languages spoken or written	Antoine Bourseiller (8 July 1930 -- 21 May 2013) was a French comedian and opera and theatre director.	Antoine Bourseiller	French
languages spoken or written	Ida Raming (born 1932 in Fürstenau, Germany) is a German author, teacher and theologian.	Ida Raming	German
languages spoken or written	Charles Louis L'Héritier de Brutelle (15 June 1746 -- 18 August 1800) was an 18th-century French botanist and magistrate.	Charles Louis L'Héritier de Brutelle	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Le Moal (30 October 1909 - 16 March 2007) was a French painter of the new Paris school, designer of stained glass windows, and one of the founder members of the Salon de Mai.	Jean Le Moal	French
languages spoken or written	Charles-Louis Clérisseau (28 August 1721 -- 9 January 1820) was a French architectural draughtsman, antiquary and artist.	Charles-Louis Clérisseau	French
languages spoken or written	Luciano Varela Castro is a senior Spanish Judge.	Luciano Varela	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Manikka Vinayagam is a Tamil playback singer and actor.	Manikka Vinayagam	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Jeremias Benjamin Richter (German: (ˈʀɪçtɐ); March 10, 1762 -- April 14, 1807) was a German chemist.	Jeremias Benjamin Richter	German
languages spoken or written	Ulf Rollof is a Swedish artist, born 1961 in Karlskrona, Sweden.	Ulf Rollof	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Miguel de Medina (born at Belalcazar, Spain, 1489; died at Toledo, May, 1578) was a Spanish Franciscan theologian.	Miguel de Medina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Katarina Taikon-Langhammer (29 July 1932, in Almby, Örebro -- 30 December 1995, in Ytterhogdal, Hälsingland, Sweden) was a Swedish Romany activist, leader in the civil rights movement, writer and actor, from the Kalderash caste.	Katarina Taikon	Swedish
languages spoken or written	John Westlake (4 February 1828 -- 14 April 1913) was an English law scholar.	John Westlake	English
languages spoken or written	John Frere (10 August 1740 -- 12 July 1807) was an English antiquary and a pioneering discoverer of Old Stone Age or Lower Palaeolithic tools in association with large extinct animals at Hoxne, Suffolk in 1797.	John Frere	English
languages spoken or written	Johnny Marr (born John Martin Maher; 31 October 1963) is an English musician, songwriter and singer.	Johnny Marr	English
languages spoken or written	Giambattista Andreini (February 9, 1576 -- June 7, 1654) was an Italian actor and playwright.	Giambattista Andreini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mónica Molina is a Spanish actress and singer with a distinctive Mediterranean style in her albums.	Mónica Molina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Fernández Montesinos (1897--1972) was a Spanish writer and literary critic.	José Fernández Montesinos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Carl Brockelmann (17 September 1868 -- 6 May 1956), German Semiticist, was the foremost orientalist of his generation.	Carl Brockelmann	German
languages spoken or written	Karl Wilhelm August Reifferscheid (3 October 1835 -- 10 November 1887) was a German archaeologist and classical philologist.	August Reifferscheid	German
languages spoken or written	Erich Salomon (28 April 1886 -- 7 July 1944) was a German-born news photographer known for his pictures in the diplomatic and legal professions and the innovative methods he used to acquire them.	Erich Salomon	German
languages spoken or written	Michael Hartnett (Irish: Mícheál Ó hAirtnéide) (18 September 1941 -- 13 October 1999) was an Irish poet who wrote in both English and Irish.	Michael Hartnett	Irish
languages spoken or written	Umberto Nobile (Italian pronunciation: (umˈbɛrto ˈnɔbile); 21 January 1885 -- 30 July 1978) was an Italian aeronautical engineer and Arctic explorer.	Umberto Nobile	Italian
languages spoken or written	Morten Søndergaard (3 October 1964 in Copenhagen) is a Danish writer, translator, editor and sound artist.	Morten Søndergaard	Danish
languages spoken or written	Carl Nicholas Reeves, FSA (born 28 September 1956), an English Egyptologist, with the Egyptian Expedition, University of Arizona.	Nicholas Reeves	English
languages spoken or written	Juliette Roche (1884--1980) was a French painter and writer who associated with members of the Cubist and Dada movements.	Juliette Roche	French
languages spoken or written	Francisque Xavier Michel (18 February 1809, Lyon -- 18 May 1887, Paris) was a French historian and philologist.	Francisque Xavier Michel	French
languages spoken or written	Sigge Bergman (1905, Luleå, Norrbotten -- 2001) was a Swedish sports executive and journalist.	Sigge Bergman	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Elio Vittorini ( pronunciation ; 23 July 1908 -- 12 February 1966) was an Italian writer and novelist.	Elio Vittorini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Albert Falco (17 October 1927 -- 21 April 2012) was a French scuba diving veteran and champion of underwater conservation.	Albert Falco	French
languages spoken or written	Federigo Enriques (5 January 1871 -- 14 June 1946) was an Italian mathematician, now known principally as the first to give a classification of algebraic surfaces in birational geometry, and other contributions in algebraic geometry.	Federigo Enriques	Italian
languages spoken or written	John Ajvide Lindqvist (Swedish pronunciation: (jɔn ˈajˌvidɛ ˈlɪŋˌkvɪst); born 2 December 1968 in Blackeberg, Sweden) is a Swedish writer, mostly of horror novels and short stories.	John Ajvide Lindqvist	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Joseph Désiré Tholozan was born in 1820 at Diego Garcia, a small atoll in Chagos archipelago situated in the Indian Ocean, to French parents.	Joseph Désiré Tholozan	French
languages spoken or written	Albert Grünwedel (July 31, 1856 -- October 28, 1935) was a German indologist, tibetologist, archaeologist, and explorer of Central Asia.	Albert Grünwedel	German
languages spoken or written	Siglind Bruhn (born October 11, 1951 in Hamburg) is a German musicologist and concert pianist.	Siglind Bruhn	German
languages spoken or written	Rose Fuller FRS (12 April 1708 -- 7 May 1777) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1756 to 1777.	Rose Fuller	English
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Bussler (26 November 1838 -- January 18, 1900) was a German musical instructor, critic and conductor.	Ludwig Bussler	German
languages spoken or written	Johann Gottfried Scheibel (September 16, 1783 -- March 21, 1843) was a German theologian and a leader of the Old Lutherans.	Johann Gottfried Scheibel	German
languages spoken or written	Samia Ghali (born 1968) is a French Socialist Senator, representing the Bouches-du-Rhône department.	Samia Ghali	French
languages spoken or written	John Julius Cooper, 2nd Viscount Norwich CVO (born 15 September 1929), known as John Julius Norwich, is an English historian, travel writer and television personality.	John Julius Norwich	English
languages spoken or written	Arturo Ballester Marco (1892--1981) was born in Valencia, Spain, and was an artist and illustrator known for his Spanish Civil War posters.	Arturo Ballester Marco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maurice Lauré (1917 - 20 April 2001) is primarily known for creating the taxe sur la valeur ajoutée (TVA in French, otherwise known as value added tax (VAT) in English).	Maurice Lauré	French
languages spoken or written	Stefanie Schneider (born 1968 in Cuxhaven) is a German photographer living in Berlin and Los Angeles.	Stefanie Schneider	German
languages spoken or written	Henri Guisan (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃ʁi ɡizɑ̃); 21 October 1874 -- 7 April 1960) was a Swiss army officer who held the office of the General of the Swiss Army during the Second World War.	Henri Guisan	French
languages spoken or written	Sir George Grove, CB (13 August 1820 -- 28 May 1900) was an English writer on music, known as the founding editor of Grove's Dictionary of Music and Musicians.	George Grove	English
languages spoken or written	Ermenegildo Pistelli (February 18, 1862 -- January 14, 1927) was an Italian papyrologist, palaeographer, philologist and presbyter.	Ermenegildo Pistelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lidia Zamenhof (Esperanto: Lidja; 1904--1942) was a Polish writer, publisher, translator and the youngest daughter of L. L. Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto, an international auxiliary language.	Lidia Zamenhof	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Miroslav Holub (13 September 1923 -- 14 July 1998) was a Czech poet and immunologist.	Miroslav Holub	Czech
languages spoken or written	Eleanor Frances Lattimore (June 30, 1904, Shanghai, China -- May 12, 1986, Raleigh, North Carolina) was an American author and illustrator born in what was called the American Compound in Shanghai and raised in China where her father, David Lattimore, taught English at a Chinese government university.	Eleanor Frances Lattimore	English
languages spoken or written	Joakim Vujić (Serbian: Јоаким Вујић; 1772, Baja, Habsburg Monarchy -- 1847) was a Serbian writer, dramatist (musical stage and theatre), actor, traveler and polyglot.	Joakim Vujić	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Henri Larrivée (9 January 1737--7 August 1802) was a French opera singer.	Henri Larrivée	French
languages spoken or written	Per Arnoldi (born May 25, 1941) is a Danish designer and artist.	Per Arnoldi	Danish
languages spoken or written	Landelino Lavilla Alsina (born 6 August 1934) is a Spanish lawyer and politician, who served as justice minister from 1976 to 1979.	Landelino Lavilla Alsina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Priyanka Nair is an Indian model-turned-actress who works mainly in Malayalam-language films.	Priyanka Nair	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	John Hylton, de jure 18th Baron Hylton (bapt. 27 April 1699 -- 25 September 1746) was an English politician.	John Hylton, de jure 18th Baron Hylton	English
languages spoken or written	William Martin Leake, FRS (14 January 1777 -- 6 January 1860), was an English antiquarian and topographer.	William Martin Leake	English
languages spoken or written	Isaac-Joseph Berruyer (7 November 1681, Rouen -- 18 February 1758, Paris) was a French Jesuit historian.	Isaac-Joseph Berruyer	French
languages spoken or written	Heri Hendrayana Harris (born August 15, 1963), pen name Gola Gong, is an Indonesian novelist.	Gola Gong	Indonesian
languages spoken or written	Alfred Dörffel (24 January 1821 -- 22 January 1905) was a German pianist, music publisher and librarian.	Alfred Dörffel	German
languages spoken or written	Tathoi Deb (born Sharanya Deb on 11 October 1996) is a Bengali actress, dancer and television presenter.	Tathoi Deb	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Sebastiano Biancardi (27 March 1679 -- 9 October 1741), known by the pseudonym Domenico Lalli, was an Italian poet and librettist.	Domenico Lalli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Eva María Hernández Villegas (born 7 August 1972), better known as Eva Hache, is a Spanish comedian, actress and television show hostess.	Eva Hache	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ramaswamy Ganesan (17 November 1920 -- 22 March 2005), better known by his stage name Gemini Ganesan, was an Indian film actor who worked mainly in Tamil cinema.	Gemini Ganesan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Albert Cossery (3 November 1913 -- 22 June 2008) was an Egyptian-born French writer.	Albert Cossery	French
languages spoken or written	Henrik Wann Jensen (born 1969 in Harlev J., Denmark) is a Danish computer graphics researcher.	Henrik Wann Jensen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Charles Kay (born Charles Piff, 31 August 1930) is an English actor.	Charles Kay	English
languages spoken or written	Lucy Aikin (6 November 1781 -- 29 January 1864) was an English historical writer.	Lucy Aikin	English
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Heinrich Emanuel Kayser (March 26, 1845 - November 29, 1927) was a German geologist and palaeontologist, born at Königsberg.	Emanuel Kayser	German
languages spoken or written	Celia Brayfield is an English author, academic and cultural commentator.	Celia Brayfield	English
languages spoken or written	Raphael Israeli, born September 15, 1935), is an Israeli academic, Professor Emeritus of Middle Eastern, Islamic and Chinese history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Raphael Israeli	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Josep Maria Beà i Font, in Spanish José Beá (born 11 March 1942) is a Spanish comic book artist.	José Beá	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antoine Guenée (23 November 1717 -- 27 November 1803) was a French priest and Christian apologist, born at Étampes.	Antoine Guenée	French
languages spoken or written	Heinz Werner Zimmermann (born 11 August 1930 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German composer.	Heinz Werner Zimmermann	German
languages spoken or written	Bertrand Bonello (French: (bɔnɛlo); born 11 September 1968) is a French film director, screenwriter, producer and composer.	Bertrand Bonello	French
languages spoken or written	Valery Panyushkin (Russian: Валерий Панюшкин; born June 26, 1969, Saint Petersburg, Soviet Union) is a Russian journalist and writer.	Valery Panyushkin	Russian
languages spoken or written	Émile Gentil (4 April 1866 -- 30 March 1914) was a French colonial administrator, naval officer, and colonial military leader.	Émile Gentil	French
languages spoken or written	Lü Shuxiang (Chinese: 吕叔湘; pinyin: Lǚ Shūxiāng, 1904--1998) was a distinguished linguist, lexicographer and educator, founder of Modern Chinese linguistic studies.	Lü Shuxiang	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Kate Garvey is an English public relations executive and a former aide to prime minister Tony Blair.	Kate Garvey	English
languages spoken or written	Wu Guanzhong (simplified Chinese: 吴冠中; traditional Chinese: 吳冠中; August 29, 1919 -- June 25, 2010) was a contemporary Chinese painter widely recognized as a founder of modern Chinese painting.	Wu Guanzhong	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Octave Gréard (18 April 1828 -- 25 April 1904) was a noted French educator.	Octave Gréard	French
languages spoken or written	General Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa OMRI OMI SMOM OESSH (27 September 1920 -- 3 September 1982) was an Italian general, notable for campaigning against terrorism during the 1970s in Italy.	Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa	Italian
languages spoken or written	Richard Edgcumbe, 1st Baron Edgcumbe, (23 April 1680 -- 22 November 1758) was an English politician.	Richard Edgcumbe, 1st Baron Edgcumbe	English
languages spoken or written	Carlo Mollino (May 6, 1905 -- August 27, 1973) was an Italian architect, designer and photographer.	Carlo Mollino	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pratani Ramakrishna Goud, also known as R.K. Goud is a well known Telugu film producer, director, screen play writer and distributor.	Pratani Ramakrishna Goud	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Angelo Maria Bandini (25 September 1726 -- 1803) was an Italian author and librarian born in Florence.	Angelo Maria Bandini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Laurent de Wilde (born in Washington, D.C. in 1960) is a French jazz pianist, composer and writer.	Laurent de Wilde	French
languages spoken or written	Yehuda Burla (Hebrew: יהודה בורלא‎; born 18 September 1886, died 7 November 1969) was an Israeli author.	Yehuda Burla	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Carlo Rosselli (16 November 1899 -- 9 June 1937) was an Italian political leader, journalist, historian and anti-fascist activist, first in Italy then abroad.	Carlo Rosselli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gustav von Schönberg (21 July 1839 in Stettin -- 3 January 1908) was a German economist.	Gustav von Schönberg	German
languages spoken or written	José María de Oriol y Urquijo, 3rd Marquis of Casa Oriol (1905 -- 1985) was a Spanish entrepreneur and a Carlist and Francoist politician.	José María de Oriol y Urquijo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Guy Mountfort OBE (4 December 1905 -- 24 April 2003) was an English advertising executive, amateur ornithologist and conservationist.	Guy Mountfort	English
languages spoken or written	Lars Gathenhielm (1689--1718) was a Swedish merchant and privateer.	Lars Gathenhielm	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Charles Ehresmann (19 April 1905 -- 22 September 1979) was a French mathematician who worked in differential topology and category theory.	Charles Ehresmann	French
languages spoken or written	Stephens Lyne-Stephens (4 October 1801 -- 28 February 1860) was an English Tory politician who represented Barnstaple before the 1832 Reform Act.	Stephens Lyne-Stephens	English
languages spoken or written	Isidre Puig Boada (*Barcelona, 1891 --† Barcelona, 1987) was a Spanish Catalan architect born in Barcelona in 1890, who belonged to the small and select group of architects that were connected to Antoni Gaudí and collaborated with him on his works.	Isidre Puig Boada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Joseph Dodge Weston (1822--- 5 Mar 1895) was an English merchant and shipping magnate and Liberal politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1885 and 1895.	Joseph Dodge Weston	English
languages spoken or written	Joan Lamote de Grignon i Bocquet (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈan laˈmɔd də ɡɾiˈɲɔ̃); 7 July 1872 -- 11 March 1949), was a Spanish pianist, composer and orchestra director.	Joan Lamote de Grignon	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Guy Lefranc (21 October 1919 - 1 February 1994) was a French director and screenwriter.	Guy Lefranc	French
languages spoken or written	Anselm of Laon (Latin: Anselmus; d. 1117), properly Ansel (Latin: Ansellus), was a French theologian and founder of a school of scholars who helped to pioneer biblical hermeneutics.	Anselm of Laon	Latin
languages spoken or written	Livio Melina (born in Adria, Italy, on August 18, 1952) is a priest of the Catholic Church and an Italian theologian.	Livio Melina	Italian
languages spoken or written	Bernard d'Espagnat (22 August 1921 -- 1 August 2015) was a French theoretical physicist, philosopher of science, and author, best known for his work on the nature of reality.	Bernard d'Espagnat	French
languages spoken or written	Colin Muset (fl. c. 1210--50 or 1230--70) was an Old French trouvère and a native of Lorraine.	Colin Muset	French
languages spoken or written	Didier Tarquin is a French cartoonist and scenarist.	Didier Tarquin	French
languages spoken or written	Although admired by his contemporaries, the writings of Ausonius have not since been ranked among Latin literature's finest.	Ausonius	Latin
languages spoken or written	Fran Milčinski (3 December 1867 -- 24 October 1932), also known by the pen name Fridolin Žolna, was a Slovene lawyer, writer and playwright.	Fran Milčinski	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Markus Lüpertz (born 25 April 1941 in Reichenberg, now Liberec) is a contemporary German painter, sculptor, writer, art educator, and jazz pianist.	Markus Lüpertz	German
languages spoken or written	Léon Wieger (born July 9, 1856 in Strasbourg, France - died March 25, 1933 in Xian County, Hebei, China), was a French Jesuit missionary, medical doctor, theologist and sinologist who worked at the Catholic Jesuit mission in Hejian, together with Séraphin Couvreur.	Léon Wieger	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni da Vigo (1450--1525) was an Italian surgeon.	Giovanni da Vigo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Major James Rennell, FRS (3 December 1742 -- 29 March 1830) was an English geographer, historian and a pioneer of oceanography.	James Rennell	English
languages spoken or written	Luciano Bottaro (November 16, 1931 -- November 25, 2006) was an Italian comic book artist.	Luciano Bottaro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pitobash Tripathy is a Hindi film actor, originally from the state of Odisha, India.	Pitobash Tripathy	Hindi
languages spoken or written	In France and French-speaking Switzerland, Auguste Lecerf's teaching and writing succeeds in creating a whole new Calvinist movement withint Protestantism.	Auguste Lecerf	French
languages spoken or written	Przemysław Gintrowski (21 December 1951 -- 20 October 2012) was a Polish composer and musician.	Przemysław Gintrowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Culpeper, 3rd Baronet (c. 1656 -- 18 May 1723) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England between 1705 and 1707 and in the House of Commons of Great Britain variously between 1707 and 1723.	Sir Thomas Culpeper, 3rd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Carl-Henning Wijkmark (born 1934) is a Swedish novelist and translator.	Carl-Henning Wijkmark	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Joan Manuel Serrat i Teresa (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈam mənuˈɛɫ səˈrat)) (27 December 1943) is a Spanish musician, singer-songwriter, recording artist, and performer.	Joan Manuel Serrat	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jeeva, popularly known as Lollu Sabha Jeeva, is a Tamil actor and comedian.	Lollu Sabha Jeeva	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Curtis Bernhardt (15 April 1899 -- 22 February 1981) was a German film director born in Worms, Germany, under the name Kurt Bernhardt.	Curtis Bernhardt	German
languages spoken or written	Antonio Peláez (b. 1921 -- d. 1994) was a Mexican artist of Spanish origin, who began his career in portraits but in the 1950s shifted to abstract art, concerned with texture, color and the use of space.	Antonio Peláez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Cristina Comencini (born 8 May 1956) is an Italian film director, screenwriter and novelist.	Cristina Comencini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Alexander Dubček (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈalɛksandɛr ˈduptʃɛk); 27 November 1921 -- 7 November 1992) was a Slovak politician and, briefly, leader of Czechoslovakia (1968--1969).	Alexander Dubček	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Naga Shourya Mulpuri is an Indian film actor, working in Telugu cinema.	Naga Shourya	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Jens Jacob Asmussen Worsaae (14 March 1821 -- 15 August 1885) was a Danish archaeologist, historian and politician, who was the second director of the National Museum of Denmark (1865--1874).	Jens Jacob Asmussen Worsaae	Danish
languages spoken or written	Marco Sgarbi (14 August 1982) is an Italian philosopher and an intellectual historian.	Marco Sgarbi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Magnus Mills is an English author of several novels and short stories.	Magnus Mills	English
licensed to broadcast to	A public service of Bellevue College, the 91.3 KBCS studios are located on the campus in the city of Bellevue, Washington.	KBCS	Bellevue
licensed to broadcast to	KHTE-FM is a commercial Conservative Talk radio station licensed in England, Arkansas, United States, broadcasting to the Little Rock, Arkansas, area on 96.5 FM.	KHTE-FM	England
licensed to broadcast to	KUMM (89.7 FM, ``U-90'') is an American non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Morris, the county seat of Stevens County, Minnesota.	KUMM	Morris
licensed to broadcast to	WSTL (1220 AM, ``Shine Radio 1220AM'') is a radio station licensed to serve Providence, Rhode Island.	WSTL	Providence
licensed to broadcast to	WRVF (101.5 FM, ``101.5 The River'') is an American adult contemporary music formatted radio station in Toledo, Ohio, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications).	WRVF	Toledo
licensed to broadcast to	WYRA (98.5 FM) is a broadcast radio station licensed to Confluence, Pennsylvania and serving the Confluence/Uniontown/Somerset area.	WYRA	Confluence, Pennsylvania
licensed to broadcast to	WFGY, known as ``Froggy 98 FM'', is a Froggy branded Country music formatted radio station in Pennsylvania serving the Altoona, Huntingdon, Bedford, and Lewistown areas, among other communities in central Pennsylvania.	WFGY	Altoona
licensed to broadcast to	WPCK (104.9 FM, ``Nash FM 99.5 & 104.9'') is a radio station licensed to Denmark, Wisconsin and serving the Green Bay area as a simulcast of Oshkosh-based country music station WPKR.	WPCK	Denmark
licensed to broadcast to	KQNT is a news-talk radio station in Spokane, Washington, United States, that offers a mix of news and syndicated talk fare.	KQNT	Spokane
licensed to broadcast to	WLFZ is a country music radio station licensed to and serving the Springfield, Illinois market.	WLFZ	Springfield
licensed to broadcast to	CKLJ-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music format at 96.5 FM in Olds, Alberta.	CKLJ-FM	Olds
licensed to broadcast to	WPPT (1230 AM) was an American radio station formerly licensed to serve the community of Talladega, Alabama.	WPPT	Talladega
licensed to broadcast to	KCRO (660 AM) is an Omaha, Nebraska area Salem Communications - owned Christian radio station that can be heard during the day as far south as Missouri and Kansas and North into parts of Minnesota and South Dakota.	KCRO	Omaha
licensed to broadcast to	WNRN (91.9 FM) is a Public Radio, Adult album alternative, and formatted radio station licensed to Charlottesville, Virginia, serving Central and Western Virginia.	WNRN	Charlottesville
licensed to broadcast to	WPJM is a Gospel music radio station located in Greer, South Carolina.	WPJM	Greer, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WWUS (104.1 FM), known as ``US-1 Radio'', is a radio station in the Florida Keys, based in Big Pine Key, Florida.	WWUS	Big Pine Key, Florida
licensed to broadcast to	CBWK-FM is the callsign of the CBC Radio One station in Thompson, Manitoba.	CBWK-FM	Thompson
licensed to broadcast to	KQIZ-FM is a Rhythmic Top 40 music formatted radio station in Amarillo, Texas, U.S.A..	KQIZ-FM	Amarillo
licensed to broadcast to	WZBQ (94.1 FM, ``94.1 ZBQ'') is a Top 40 (CHR) music formatted radio station licensed to Carrollton, Alabama, with studios located in Tuscaloosa.	WZBQ	Carrollton
licensed to broadcast to	CKKN-FM, branded as 101.3 The River, is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format at 101.3 FM in Prince George, British Columbia.	CKKN-FM	Prince George
licensed to broadcast to	KBLL-FM (99.5 FM, ``99.5 The Bull'') is a radio station licensed to serve Helena, Montana.	KBLL-FM	Helena
licensed to broadcast to	CKFM-FM, also known as 99-9 Virgin Radio, is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 99.9 on the FM dial in Toronto, Ontario.	CKFM-FM	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	WNFA is a contemporary Christian radio station in Port Huron, Michigan, USA, branded as ``Bluewater Christian Hit Radio''.	WNFA	Port Huron
licensed to broadcast to	CKUE-FM is a radio station located in Chatham-Kent, Ontario.	CKUE-FM	Chatham-Kent
licensed to broadcast to	WBRU is a commercial radio station in Providence, Rhode Island that broadcasts on 95.5 FM.	WBRU	Providence
licensed to broadcast to	CIVL-FM is a Canadian radio station located at the University of the Fraser Valley (Building S) in Abbotsford, British Columbia.	CIVL-FM	Abbotsford, British Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	WGRD-FM (97.9 FM) is an active rock radio station in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	WGRD-FM	Grand Rapids
licensed to broadcast to	CJRI-FM is a Canadian radio station in Fredericton, New Brunswick, broadcasting on 104.5 MHz. The station broadcasts a gospel music format and is owned by long-time local broadcaster Ross Ingram.	CJRI-FM	Fredericton
licensed to broadcast to	WGKX (105.9 FM, ``Kix 106'') is a country music formatted radio station in Memphis, Tennessee.	WGKX	Memphis
licensed to broadcast to	KBCO (97.3 FM) is a AAA radio station licensed to Boulder, Colorado, United States, that serves the Denver-Boulder area.	KBCO	Boulder
licensed to broadcast to	CKMP-FM is a Canadian radio station serving Calgary, Alberta broadcasting at 90.3 FM.	CKMP-FM	Calgary
licensed to broadcast to	WQXZ (103.9 FM, ``Qixie 103.9'') is a classic hits/oldies radio station licensed to Hawkinsville, Georgia, broadcasting at 103.9 MHz. Qixie 103.9 features The Daily Morning Awesomeness.	WQXZ	Hawkinsville, Georgia
licensed to broadcast to	KBKY (94.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish religious format to the Merced, California, USA area.	KBKY	Merced
licensed to broadcast to	WFMF (102.5 FM) is a Top 40 (CHR) music formatted radio station licensed to Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	WFMF	Baton Rouge
licensed to broadcast to	WCTY (97.7 FM) is a radio station with studios in Norwich, Connecticut.	WCTY	Norwich, Connecticut
licensed to broadcast to	KFYI (550 kHz AM) is a news/talk radio station based in Phoenix, Arizona.	KFYI	Phoenix
licensed to broadcast to	KPLM is one of four Class B FM radio stations serving the Palm Springs, California, area and one of only two 50 kW stations.	KPLM	Palm Springs
licensed to broadcast to	WKRT (89.3 FM) is an American non-commercial radio station located in Richmond, Indiana and operates on the assigned frequency of 89.3 MHz.	WKRT	Richmond
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belleayre Ski Center, in Catskill Park, New York, United States, is a ski resort owned and operated by the Olympic Regional Development Authority or ORDA.	Belleayre Ski Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Bend County Libraries is a public library system in Fort Bend County, Texas (USA).	Fort Bend County Libraries	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohodol (Hungarian: Aranyosszohodol) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Sohodol	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tung Chau Street Park (Chinese: 通州街公園) is an urban public park located in Sham Shui Po, Kowloon, Hong Kong, located around the Nam Cheong Estate.	Tung Chau Street Park	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borden Oaks is a plantation house and historic district near Greensboro, Alabama, USA.	Borden Oaks	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nekoř (German: Nekor) is a village and municipality (obec) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Nekoř	Ústí nad Orlicí District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinchinbrook Island lies east of Cardwell and north of Lucinda, separated from the northern coast of Queensland, Australia by the narrow Hinchinbrook Channel.	Hinchinbrook Island	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bateman Island is an island located on the Columbia River between the cities of Richland and Kennewick, Washington, in the United States.	Bateman Island	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabłoń-Zambrowizna (ˈjabwɔɲ zambrɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jabłoń-Zambrowizna	Gmina Nowe Piekuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cachoeira de Minas (translation: Minas' Waterfall) is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.	Cachoeira de Minas	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annesley Hall is the all-female residence at Victoria College, University of Toronto.	Annesley Hall	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carolina Sandhills National Wildlife Refuge is a 45,348-acre (183.52 km2) national wildlife refuge located in Chesterfield County, South Carolina.	Carolina Sandhills National Wildlife Refuge	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winslow-Turner Carriage House is a historic carriage house located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County, New York.	Winslow-Turner Carriage House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abraham Jaquith House, also known as Farley Garrison house, was a historic colonial house at 161 Concord Road in Billerica, Massachusetts.	Abraham Jaquith House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVUA-FM (90.7 FM, ``The Capstone'') is the student-run college radio station at the University of Alabama.	WVUA-FM	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central State Hospital Chapel is a historic chapel located on the grounds of Central State Hospital near Petersburg, Dinwiddie County, Virginia.	Central State Hospital Chapel	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayyaya, India is a small village 9 km from Tirur, Malappuram district, in the state of Kerala, India.	Ayyaya	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schipfe is a residential district in Zürich located on the eastern slope of the Lindenhof, one of the oldest parts of the Helvetii Oppidum Zürich-Lindenhof downstream the Limmat in Zurich, Switzerland.	Schipfe	Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washburne State Wayside is a state park located 4 miles North West of Junction City, Oregon, administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.	Washburne State Wayside	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rewica (rɛˈvit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rewica	Gmina Jeżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Fusiliers War Memorial is a memorial in London that was erected in 1922 and is dedicated to the almost 22,000 soldiers of the Royal Fusiliers (City of London Regiment) who died during the First World War.	Royal Fusiliers War Memorial	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merbein is a town outside Mildura, Victoria, in the Sunraysia region of Australia.	Merbein	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Houston Airport (IATA: IWS, ICAO: KIWS, FAA LID: IWS) is a privately owned, public use airport in Harris County, Texas, United States.	West Houston Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverview Mounds Archaeological Site (40MT44), also known as the Rinehart Acres, is an archaeological site of the Mississippian culture located south of Clarksville in Montgomery County, Tennessee, on the eastern shore of the Cumberland River.	Riverview Mounds Archaeological Site	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The C.P. Washburn Grain Mill was a historic mill on Central and Cambridge Streets in Middleboro, Massachusetts.	C.P. Washburn Grain Mill	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zepperen, a formerly independent municipality, is now part of the city of Sint-Truiden in the province of Limburg in Belgium.	Zepperen	Sint-Truiden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halfbreed Lake National Wildlife Refuge is in the central section of the U.S. state of Montana and is an integral part of the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge Complex, managed from the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge.	Halfbreed Lake National Wildlife Refuge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTNR (94.5 MHz, Nash FM 94.5), is a Country radio station located in Grand Rapids, Michigan and licensed to Holland, MI, owned by Cumulus Media.	WTNR	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQGC (91.1 MHz) is a radio station in the Albuquerque, New Mexico, market signing on in Spring 2006.	KQGC	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capel St Andrew is a village and a civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal district, in the county of Suffolk, England.	Capel St Andrew	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Escaladieu Abbey (French: l'Abbaye de l'Escaladieu) was a Cistercian abbey located in the French commune of Bonnemazon in the Hautes-Pyrénées.	Escaladieu Abbey	Bonnemazon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kantorówka (kantɔˈrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kantorówka	Gmina Sokółka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rooster River is a river in Fairfield County, Connecticut that lies on and serves as the border between Bridgeport and Fairfield.	Rooster River	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kulin Kłodzki (ˈkulin ˈkwɔt͡ski) (German: Keilendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kulin Kłodzki	Gmina Lewin Kłodzki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanley Military Cemetery (Chinese: 赤柱軍人墳場) is a cemetery located near St. Stephen's Beach in Stanley, Hong Kong.	Stanley Military Cemetery	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steese National Conservation Area encompasses 1,200,000 acres (4,900 km2) of public land about 100 miles (160 km) northeast of Fairbanks, Alaska, and is administered by the Bureau of Land Management as part of the National Landscape Conservation System.	Steese National Conservation Area	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in Washington, D.C., O Street Museum Foundation is housed in five interconnected town houses that includes over 100 rooms and 32 secret doors.	O Street Museum Foundation	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cave Rock Tunnel is a dual bore highway tunnel on U.S. Route 50 (US 50) along the eastern shore of Lake Tahoe approximately seven miles (11.4 km) north of Stateline, in Douglas County, Nevada, USA.	Cave Rock Tunnel	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Par Gushti (Persian: پرگوشتي‎, also Romanized as Par Gūshtī) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District, Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Par Gushti	Kamaraj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jairamnagar is village and a railway station at a distance of about 14 km from Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh.	Jairamnagar	Chhattisgarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiekkaharju (Swedish: Sandkulla, English meaning: ``sand esker'') is a district in Vantaa, Finland, located north of the Tikkurila district.	Hiekkaharju	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Parsonage for Second East Parish Church was an historic church parsonage at 41 S. Main Street in Attleboro, Massachusetts.	First Parsonage for Second East Parish Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Catholic High School (often referred to as Providence, Provi, or abbreviated PCHS) is a Roman Catholic secondary school located in New Lenox, Illinois.	Providence Catholic High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairyland Park was an amusement park, located at 7501 Prospect Avenue, Kansas City, Missouri.	Fairyland Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emo Speedway is a 3/8, high banked, dirt oval racetrack located in Emo, Ontario in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Emo Speedway	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buriticupu is a municipality in Maranhão founded in 1994.	Buriticupu	Maranhão
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lloydminster Airport, (IATA: YLL, ICAO: CYLL), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) northwest of Lloydminster, Alberta, Canada.	Lloydminster Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barabigha(Hindi: बाराबिगहा) is a small village in Nalanda district of Bihar.	Barabigha	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Major is a mountain located in Alton, New Hampshire, south of Lake Winnipesaukee and northeast of Straightback Mountain of the Belknap Range.	Mount Major	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afsuran (Persian: افسوران‎, also Romanized as Afsūrān) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Afsuran	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osbyholm Castle (Swedish: Osbyholms slott) is a castle in Hörby Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Osbyholm Castle	Hörby Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti (Georgian: სამეგრელო-ზემო სვანეთი) is a region (Mkhare) in western Georgia which includes the historical Georgian provinces of Samegrelo (Mingrelia) and Zemo Svaneti (i.e., Upper Svaneti) and has Zugdidi as its capital.	Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tustumena Glacier is a glacier located on the Kenai Peninsula of Alaska.	Tustumena Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brace Mountain is the peak of a ridge in the southern Taconic Mountains, near the tripoint of the U.S. states of New York, Connecticut and Massachusetts.	Brace Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trimountain or Tri-mountain, est. 760 feet (230 m), is a traprock mountain located 6 miles (10 km) southeast of Meriden, Connecticut.	Trimountain	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The White Pine Range is a group of mountains in southern White Pine County, in eastern Nevada.	White Pine Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maine-et-Loire is part of the current region of Pays-de-la-Loire and is surrounded by the departments of Ille-et-Vilaine, Mayenne, Sarthe, Indre-et-Loire, Vienne, Deux-Sèvres, Vendée, and Loire-Atlantique.	Maine-et-Loire	Pays-de-la-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antietam Lake is a reservoir located in Berks County, Pennsylvania entirely within the Antietam Lake Park.	Antietam Lake	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sparrowpit is a small village between Chapel-en-le-Frith and Peak Forest in the High Peak area of the Peak District, Derbyshire, England.	Sparrowpit	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terbakestan (Persian: تربكستان‎, also Romanized as Terbakestān) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Terbakestan	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory (KAPL) is an American research and development facility based in Niskayuna, New York and dedicated to the support of the US Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program.	Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue de Richelieu is a long street of Paris, starting in the south of the 1st arrondissement, ending in the 2nd arrondissement.	Rue de Richelieu	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1973, the Canadian Jewish Congress decided to help preserve it, and in 1979, the Kiever Synagogue became the first building of Jewish significance to be designated a historical site by the province of Ontario.	Kiever Synagogue	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garywood Christian School was a Christian private school located in Hueytown, Alabama, in the western suburbs of Birmingham.	Garywood Christian School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverview Church is a charismatic evangelical Christian church situated in Burswood, an inner suburb of Perth, Western Australia, and was originally established in 1979.	Riverview Church	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watagan Mountains or Watagans or Wattagan Mountains, a mountain range that is part of the Great Dividing Range, is located on the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.	Watagan Mountains	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Zakhor (Persian: قشلاق ذاخر‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Zākhor; also known as Qeshlāq-e Zākhvor) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Zakhor	Vargahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pokrzywnica-Kolonia (pɔkʂɨvˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pokrzywnica-Kolonia	Gmina Goworowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dey Building is a building in Rico, Colorado, USA, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its importance as a significant local commercial building, and for its Romanesque Revival style.	Dey Building	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sari Qeshlaq (Persian: ساري قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Sārī Qeshlāq) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sari Qeshlaq	Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wipkingen is a quarter in the district 10 in Zürich.	Wipkingen	Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavar District (Persian: بخش چوار‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chavar District	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omarska (Cyrillic: Омарска) is a small town near Prijedor in northwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Omarska	Prijedor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fitchburg Municipal Airport (ICAO: KFIT, FAA LID: FIT) is a public airport located 3 miles (5 km) southeast of the central business district of Fitchburg, a city in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States.	Fitchburg Municipal Airport	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	RAF Wymeswold is a former Royal Air Force station located 3.5 miles (5.6 km) north-east of Loughborough, Leicestershire, England.	RAF Wymeswold	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elm Bank Horticulture Center, home of the Massachusetts Horticultural Society, occupies 36 acres (15 ha) of Elm Bank Reservation, a 175-acre (71 ha) recreational area of woodlands, fields, and former estate property on the Charles River managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.	Elm Bank Horticulture Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonchurch is a small village to the east of Ventnor, now largely connected to the latter by suburban development, on the southern part of the Isle of Wight, England.	Bonchurch	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghushkash (Persian: اغوشك كش‎, also Romanized as Āghūshkash) is a village in Kangan Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Aghushkash	Kangan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The small village of Aberbeeg (from Welsh Aber-bîg, meaning ``mouth of the river Bîg'') lies in the county borough of Blaenau Gwent in Wales, within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire.	Aberbeeg	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fantasy of Flight is an aviation-related attraction in Polk City, Florida, USA that takes visitors back to the pioneering days of early flight, World War I, World War II and beyond.	Fantasy of Flight	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 483 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts is a modestly decorated vernacular Federal style cottage.	House at 483 Summer Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanose Lake (also spelled Vanoss Lake) is a lake in Mahnomen County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Vanose Lake	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greek Revival-style Miller-Brewer House (1860) near Rochester, Washington State is one of the state's few surviving box frame style houses from the territorial settlement era (1855-1875).	Miller-Brewer House	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burbanks Gold Mine is a gold mine located 9 km south east of Coolgardie, Western Australia.	Burbanks Gold Mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nackington is an English village south of Canterbury in Kent.	Nackington	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tedburn St Mary is a village situated approximately 8 miles west of Exeter, Devon, England.	Tedburn St Mary	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boluminek (bɔluˈminɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Boluminek	Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richard Wall house, built 1682, is ``the oldest house in Pennsylvania which has had continuous family residency''.	Richard Wall house	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Włoszczowa County (Polish: powiat włoszczowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, south-central Poland.	Włoszczowa County	Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crystal Range is a small chain of mountain peaks in the Desolation Wilderness in the U.S. state of California.	Crystal Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelvan (Persian: جلوان‎, also Romanized as Jelvān) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jelvan	Qahab-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	IJsselhallen is a convention center located in Zwolle, Netherlands, which has hosted many concerts.	IJsselhallen	Zwolle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitecairns is a village in the Formartine area of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, lying 3.6 kilometres (2.2 mi) north of Potterton and 9.7 kilometres (6.0 mi) south of Pitmedden on the B999 road.	Whitecairns	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brown Square is a small green space in downtown Newburyport, Massachusetts.	Brown Square	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingxiang County (simplified Chinese: 平乡县; traditional Chinese: 平鄉縣; pinyin: Píngxiāng Xiàn) is a county of Xingtai City, in southern Hebei province, China, located about 45 km (28 mi) from downtown Xingtai.	Pingxiang County	Xingtai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moszowice (mɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Moszowice	Gmina Kotla
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ash Street Jail and Regional Lock-Up, located in New Bedford, Massachusetts, is a jail for inmates who are awaiting trial from Bristol County, MA.	Ash Street Jail	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulligan's Hollow Ski Bowl is a family friendly, local ski hill situated in the dunes of Grand Haven, Michigan.	Mulligan's Hollow Ski Bowl	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakkavalli is a small town / Hobli in Tarikere Taluk of Chikkamagaluru district, Karnataka state, southern India.	Lakkavalli	Chikkamagaluru district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langur-e Pain (Persian: لنگورپائين‎, also Romanized as Langūr-e Pā’īn; also known as Langūre-e Pā’īn and Pā’īn Langūr) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Langur-e Pain	Feyziyeh Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atambua is seat capital of Belu Regency, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia.	Atambua	Belu Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wawayanda Mountain is a ridge in the New York-New Jersey Highlands region of the Appalachian Mountains.	Wawayanda Mountain	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakaldun-e Gholam Shah (Persian: بكلدون غلامشاه‎, also Romanized as Bakaldūn-e Gholām Shāh) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bakaldun-e Gholam Shah	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puramathra (പുറമത്ര) is a village in Kulukkallur panchayath in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala, India.	Puramathra	Palakkad district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wandynów (vanˈdɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wandynów	Gmina Koło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shevchenkove Raion (Ukrainian: Шевченківський район) is raion (district) in Kharkiv Oblast of Ukraine.	Shevchenkove Raion	Kharkiv Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pal Meriam is an administrative village (kelurahan in Indonesian) in Matraman subdistrict, East Jakarta.	Pal Meriam	Matraman
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limui (Persian: ليموئي‎, also Romanized as Līmū’ī) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Limui	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manlius Village Historic District is a 15-acre (6.1 ha) historic district on the east side of the village of Manlius, in the town of Manlius, New York, about 9.5 miles from the downtown of Syracuse.	Manlius Village Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Letterfrack or Letterfrac (Irish: Leitir Fraic meaning ``The Speckled Hill'') is a small village in the Connemara area of County Galway, Ireland.	Letterfrack	County Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	55 Marietta Street, formerly the Fulton National Bank Building and the Bank South Building is a 21-storey, 89.9 m (295 ft) office building skyscraper in Atlanta, Georgia.	55 Marietta Street	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chorzemin (xɔˈʐɛmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chorzemin	Gmina Wolsztyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Helenowo (ˈstarɛ xɛlɛˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Helenowo	Gmina Przasnysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sparks Shot Tower is a historic shot tower located at 129-131 Carpenter Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Sparks Shot Tower	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hooton Roberts is an affluent village and civil parish situated in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire, England.	Hooton Roberts	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagielnica (baɡʲɛlˈnit͡sa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bagielnica	Gmina Szemud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoneycroft is an area of inner-city Liverpool, England and part of the Tuebrook and Stoneycroft and Old Swan wards.	Stoneycroft	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antioch University Seattle (AUS) is a private liberal arts university founded in 1975 located in Seattle, Washington.	Antioch University Seattle	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarumirim is a municipality in east Minas Gerais state, Brazil.	Tarumirim	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Thil is a ruined mediaeval castle located to the west of Dijon in Burgundy, in the commune of Vic-sous-Thil in the Côte-d'Or département of France.	Château de Thil	Vic-sous-Thil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosicrucian Park is the headquarters of the English Grand Lodge for the Americas of AMORC, located in San Jose, California.	Rosicrucian Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McHenry Library is the arts, humanities, and social sciences library of the University of California, Santa Cruz.	McHenry Library	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plüderhausen is a municipality east of Schorndorf in the Rems-Murr district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Plüderhausen	Rems-Murr
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nevada Union High School (NU) is located in the Sierra Nevada foothills northeast of California's capital, Sacramento.	Nevada Union High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jin Island or Tiu Chung Chau (Chinese: 吊鐘洲) is an island in Sai Kung, Hong Kong, located in Port Shelter.	Jin Island	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colo River, a perennial stream that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia.	Colo River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huangtudian Railway Station (traditional Chinese: 黃土店站; simplified Chinese: 黄土店站; pinyin: huáng tǔ diàn zhàn) is a railway station in Changping District, Beijing.	Huangtudian Railway Station	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTBB-FM (97.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format, simulcasting KTBB 600 AM Tyler, Texas.	KTBB-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowee Creek (also spelled as Cowee, Kow-eeh, or Kowie) is a river on Douglas Island in the City and Borough of Juneau, Alaska, United States.	Kowee Creek	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafriya (Arabic: كفريا‎, also spelled Kifarya or Kefraya) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located northwest of Idlib.	Kafriya	Idlib
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carp Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 2 hours northwest of Prince George between the Muskeg and McLeod Rivers, to the southwest of the community of McLeod Lake, which is 32 km from the park's camgpround.	Carp Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gąsówka-Skwarki (ɡɔ̃ˈsufka ˈskfarki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gąsówka-Skwarki	Gmina Łapy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gachlu (Persian: گچلو‎, also Romanized as Gachlū and Gachalū; also known as Gecherlū, Kachalū, and Kechalu) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Gachlu	Hendudur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacific Lutheran University (PLU) is a private university offering liberal arts and professional school programs located in Parkland, a suburb of Tacoma, Washington, United States.	Pacific Lutheran University	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starosubkhangulovo (Russian: Старосубхангулово) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Burzyansky District in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the Belaya River.	Starosubkhangulovo	Burzyansky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smith Carriage Company District encompasses three buildings on Park Street, Springfield, Massachusetts, between Main and Willow Streets.	Smith Carriage Company District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campohermoso (Spanish pronunciation: (kampoerˈmoso)) is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá, part of the subregion of the Lengupá Province.	Campohermoso	Lengupá Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadź (kat͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kadź	Gmina Klwów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Devonwood Bike Trail is a fairly straight and flat bike trail in the southern end of the city of Windsor, Ontario.	Devonwood Bike Trail	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ennegadde is a small place in the Kasaragod district of Kerala, India.	Ennegadde	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuwalczew (tuˈvalt͡ʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tuwalczew	Gmina Błaszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arthurs-Johnson House located at 6925 Ohio River Boulevard in Ben Avon, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, was built in 1873.	Arthurs-Johnson House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNSH (``Nash FM 94.7'') is a radio station licensed to Newark, New Jersey and serving the New York City metropolitan area.	WNSH	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaston Chapel is a historic church located at 100 Bouchelle Street in Morganton, Burke County, North Carolina.	Gaston Chapel	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khavidak (Persian: خويدك‎, also Romanized as Khavīdak) is a village in Fahraj Rural District, in the Central District of Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Khavidak	Yazd Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahrugi-ye Sofla (Persian: محروگي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Maḩrūgī-ye Soflá; also known as Maḩrūqī-ye Soflá) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mahrugi-ye Sofla	Buzi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Lawson Drive is a major 22.9 km sealed road, located in Sydney, New South Wales, which runs from the Hume Highway at Lansdowne to Forest Road at Peakhurst.	Henry Lawson Drive	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tukey's Bridge is a bridge connecting the neighborhoods of Munjoy Hill and East Deering in Portland, Maine.	Tukey's Bridge	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Postróże (pɔsˈtruʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Postróże	Gmina Naruszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moyie Lake is a small, narrow lake in southern British Columbia, located along the Moyie River.	Moyie Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seaside Park School District is a non-operating community public school district that operated one school serving students in Kindergarten through sixth grade from Seaside Park, New Jersey, United States, until it closed at the end of the 2009-10 school year.	Seaside Park School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Granary Wharf is a shopping centre built in the brick tunnels underneath Leeds railway station and above the River Aire on Dark Neville Street in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Granary Wharf	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huraki (Persian: هوركي‎, also Romanized as Hūrakī) is a village in Hudian Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Huraki	Hudian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duolun Road (simplified Chinese: 多伦路; traditional Chinese: 多倫路; pinyin: Duōlún Lù), formerly Darroch Road (窦乐安路; 竇樂安路), is a historic street in Shanghai, China.	Duolun Road	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falsterbo is a town located at the south-western tip of Sweden in Vellinge Municipality in Skåne.	Falsterbo	Vellinge Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powałki (pɔˈvau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Powałki	Gmina Chojnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khao Lak (Thai: เขาหลัก (Pronunciation)) is a series of villages, now tourist-oriented, mainly in the Takua Pa District and partly in the Thai Mueang District of Phang Nga Province, Thailand.	Khao Lak	Phang Nga
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJMM-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 99.1 FM in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec and 92.5 FM in La Sarre, Quebec.	CJMM-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahray-e Bugal (Persian: صحرائ بوگال‎, also Romanized as Şaḩrāy-e Būgāl) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sahray-e Bugal	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shoeyteh (Persian: شعيطه‎, also Romanized as Sho``eyţeh, Sha``eyţeh, and Sha``īţeh) is a village in Azadeh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 7 families.	Shoeyteh	Azadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood Casino at Penn National Race Course is a thoroughbred horse racing track and casino in Grantville, Pennsylvania, 17 miles (27 km) east of Harrisburg.	Penn National Race Course	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chace Mills is a historic textile mill site on Lewiston and Salem Streets in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Chace Mills	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willowbrook High School (WBHS) is a public four-year high school located approximately half a mile north of Illinois Route 38 on Ardmore Ave in Villa Park, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Willowbrook High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Anjir-e Sofla (Persian: چاه انجيرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Chāh Ānjīr-e Soflá; also known as Chāh Anjīr) is a village in Horgan Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Anjir-e Sofla	Horgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is located in northern Fengtai District and is bounded to the north and south by the 2nd and 3rd Ring Roads and to the west and east by Tiantan Dong Lu and Fangzhuang Dong Lu.	Fangzhuang	Fengtai District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azreh-ye Mohammad Khan (Persian: ازره محمدخان‎, also Romanized as Azreh-ye Moḩammad Khān) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Azreh-ye Mohammad Khan	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tartaraghan is a small village and civil parish in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.	Tartaraghan	County Armagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cahuita is a small city located on the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica, in the Talamanca Canton of Limón Province.	Cahuita	Talamanca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission Center Mall was a small mall in Mission, Kansas located on a block of land wedged between four major roads, including Shawnee Mission Parkway and Johnson Drive, and Roe Boulevard and Roeland Drive.	Mission Center Mall	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guildwood GO Station is a train station in the GO Transit network located on Kingston Road in the Guildwood neighbourhood of Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Guildwood GO Station	Scarborough	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durward's Glen is a historic property located in the town of Caledonia, Columbia County, Wisconsin, northeast of the village of Merrimac.	Durward's Glen	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aulps Abbey is a former Cistercian monastery located at an altitude of 810 metres in the village of Saint-Jean-d'Aulps in the Aulps Valley, Haute-Savoie, French Alps.	Aulps Abbey	Saint-Jean-d'Aulps
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quina Brook is a hamlet in north Shropshire, near the border between England and Wales.	Quina Brook	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	John F. Savage Arena (formerly John F. Savage Hall and Centennial Hall) is a multi-purpose arena located in Toledo, Ohio, on the campus of the University of Toledo.	Savage Arena	Toledo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The K. D. Singh Babu Stadium, Barabanki, is a district stadium in Barabanki city, named after the famous hockey player K. D. Singh.	K. D. Singh Babu Stadium, Barabanki	Barabanki city
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamasze (jaˈmaʂɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Jamasze	Gmina Krynki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Leavenworth Military Prison Cemetery (also known as the United States Disciplinary Barracks Cemetery) is a cemetery maintained by the Fort Leavenworth Military Prison, Leavenworth County, Kansas.	Fort Leavenworth Military Prison Cemetery	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haglere or Hagleren is a mountain of the Emmental Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Lucerne and Obwalden.	Haglere	Obwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmab Dasht (Persian: گرمابدشت‎, also Romanized as Garmāb Dasht) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Garmab Dasht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shaw Center for the Arts is a 125,000 square foot (12,000 m²) performing art venue, fine arts museum, and education center located at 100 Lafayette Street in downtown Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	Shaw Center for the Arts	Baton Rouge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abhayapuri (IPA: ˌəbɑːjəˈpʊərɪ or ˌəbeɪjəˈpʊərɪ) is a small town in Bongaigaon district and 21 km away from Bongaigaon City.	Abhayapuri	Bongaigaon district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campofelice di Fitalia (Sicilian: Campufilici di Fitalia) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) southeast of Palermo.	Campofelice di Fitalia	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parpay-ye Pain (Persian: پرپاي پائين‎, also Romanized as Parpāy-ye Pā’īn; also known as Parpā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Parpay-ye Pain	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taylor Boathouse is a historic boathouse located at Lyme in Jefferson County, New York, constructed about 1905.	Taylor Boathouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshina (Ratanpur) is a village in Poshina Taluka in Sabarkantha district of Gujarat state, India.	Poshina	Sabarkantha district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierakówka (ɕeraˈkufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sierakówka	Gmina Trzebieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canlan Ice Sports Etobicoke is a four-pad hockey facility located at Ontario Highway 409 and Martin Grove Road in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Canlan Ice Sports Etobicoke	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vilan is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps, located north of Malans in the canton of Graubünden.	Vilan	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Witt Site is an archeological site near Tulare Lake in Kings County, California.	Witt Site	Kings County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smoszew (ˈsmɔʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Smoszew	Gmina Krotoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juvisy-sur-Orge (French pronunciation: ​(ʒyvizi syʁ ɔʁʒ)) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.	Juvisy-sur-Orge	Essonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osilo (Sardinian: Osile) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) north of Cagliari and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Sassari.	Osilo	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumlin-Węgle (ˈtumlin ˈvɛŋɡlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Tumlin-Węgle	Gmina Zagnańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Sampford is a village and a civil parish on the B1053 road, in the Uttlesford district, in the county of Essex, England.	Little Sampford	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalamuyi (Persian: كلموئي‎, also Romanized as Kalamūyī) is a village in Faryab Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kalamuyi	Faryab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taczów Mały (ˈtat͡ʂuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Taczów Mały	Gmina Trzebnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghazaleh-ye Do (Persian: غزاله دو‎, also Romanized as Ghazāleh-ye Do; also known as Ghazāleh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghazaleh-ye Do	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Easton Town Center (``Easton'') is an indoor and outdoor shopping complex in northeast Columbus, Ohio, United States.	Easton Town Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vailate is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Milan and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Cremona.	Vailate	Province of Cremona
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Bedford Regional Airport (IATA: EWB, ICAO: KEWB, FAA LID: EWB) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) northwest of the central business district of New Bedford, a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.	New Bedford Regional Airport	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jewish Young Men's and Women's Association is a historic Jewish community center building located at Rochester in Monroe County, New York.	Jewish Young Men's and Women's Association	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silver Springs State Park, formerly known as Silver River State Park, is a Florida State Park located on the Silver River in Marion County.	Silver Springs State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mystkowiec-Kalinówka (mɨstˈkɔvjɛt͡s kaliˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mystkowiec-Kalinówka	Gmina Zatory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Wieś-Kolonia (ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczna, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stara Wieś-Kolonia	Gmina Łęczna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Technoseum (former name State Museum of Technology and Work, German: Landesmuseum für Technik und Arbeit) is a technology museum in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, with displays covering the industrialisation of the south-western regions of the country.	Technoseum	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golnice (ɡɔlˈnit͡sɛ) (German: Groß Gollnisch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Golnice	Gmina Bolesławiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Shaduiyeh (Persian: دهشادوييه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Shādū’īyeh) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Shaduiyeh	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pisiktarfik Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.	Pisiktarfik Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuchom (ˈtuxɔm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tuchom	Gmina Żukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teigebyen is the administrative centre in Nannestad municipality, Norway.	Teigebyen	Nannestad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penrhyn-coch is a small Welsh village, in the community of Trefeurig, Ceredigion, located between the Afon Stewi and Nant Seilo rivers, close to where they merge into the Afon Clarach.	Penrhyn-coch	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarabad Bar Aftab (Persian: سارآباد برآفتاب‎, also Romanized as Sārābād Bar Āftāb; also known as Sarabad) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarabad Bar Aftab	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Pisani Moretta is a palace situated along the Grand Canal in Venice, Italy (in the sestiere of San Polo) between Palazzo Barbarigo della Terrazza and Palazzo Tiepolo.	Palazzo Pisani Moretta	Venice	San Polo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otter National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Montana on March 2, 1907 with 123,779 acres (500.92 km2).	Otter National Forest	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrzanowo-Bronisze (xʂaˈnɔvɔ brɔˈniʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chrzanowo-Bronisze	Gmina Karniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamień-Rupie (ˈkamjɛɲ ˈrupjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kamień-Rupie	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betkowo (bɛtˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Betkowo	Gmina Czempiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sterrett Sub-District School in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a building from 1898.	Sterrett Sub-District School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bullfrog Road Bridge is a historic bridge between Emmitsburg, Frederick County and Taneytown, Carroll County in Maryland.	Bullfrog Road Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dankowice-Piaski (dankɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjaski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzepice, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Dankowice-Piaski	Gmina Krzepice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Questel Fort (Fort du Questel) is a `` redoubt '' based in Brest.	Questel Fort	Brest
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Palace of La Almudaina is the Alcázar (fortified palace) of Palma, the capital city of the Island of Majorca, Spain.	Royal Palace of La Almudaina	Palma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sacramento Executive Airport (IATA: SAC, ICAO: KSAC, FAA LID: SAC) is a public airport three miles (5 km) south of downtown Sacramento, in Sacramento County, California.	Sacramento Executive Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Korik (Persian: ابكريك‎, also Romanized as Āb Korīk and Ābkorīk) is a village in Javar Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Korik	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nauyat Formation is a Neoproterozoic geologic formation located on northwestern Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Nauyat Formation	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minneapolis Aquatennial is an annual outdoor event held in the U.S. city of Minneapolis, Minnesota, during the third full week of July.	Minneapolis Aquatennial	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naqishiat-e Do (Persian: نقيشيات دو‎, also Romanized as Naqīshīāt-e Do) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Naqishiat-e Do	Miyan Ab Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bird River greenstone belt is an Archean greenstone belt in southeastern Manitoba, Canada.	Bird River greenstone belt	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hebron Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church located in the countryside northeast of Madison, Madison County, Virginia.	Hebron Lutheran Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kramkówka Duża (kramˈkufka ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kramkówka Duża	Gmina Goniądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vodach (Bulgarian: Водач) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Vodach	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenan Castle is a 16th-century tower house, possibly on the site of an ancient fort, around 2.5 miles south-west of Ayr in South Ayrshire, Scotland.	Greenan Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gimord (Persian: گيمرد‎, also Romanized as Gīmord; also known as Gīvmard) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gimord	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pahranagat Valley is a Tonopah Basin landform in Lincoln County, Nevada.	Pahranagat Valley	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Shaab Stadium (Arabic: ملعب الشعب‎; translates to The People's Stadium) is an All-seater multi-purpose stadium in Baghdad.	Al-Shaab Stadium	Baghdad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Antônio do Palma (Portuguese meaning ``Saint Anthony of the palm'') is a municipality in the northern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Santo Antônio do Palma	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claremont City Hall, also known as the Claremont Opera House, is located at 58 Opera House Square in the heart of Claremont, New Hampshire, United States.	Claremont City Hall	Claremont, New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andriyivskyy Descent (Ukrainian: Андріївський узвіз, Andriyivs’kyi uzviz; Russian: Андре́евский спуск, Andreyevskiy spusk, literally: Andrew's Descent) is a historic descent connecting Kiev's Upper Town neighborhood and the historically commercial Podil neighborhood.	Andriyivskyy Descent	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srocza Góra (ˈsrɔt͡ʂa ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Srocza Góra	Gmina Toszek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darvish Khak-e Bala (Persian: درويش خاك بالا‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh Khāk-e Bālā; Bālā Darvīsh Khāk and Darvīsh Khāk) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darvish Khak-e Bala	Esbu Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumka district (Hindi: दुमका जिला) is one of the twenty-four districts of Jharkhand state in eastern India, and Dumka is the administrative headquarters of this district.	Dumka district	Jharkhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Gari (Persian: پيرگاري‎, also Romanized as Pīr Gārī; also known as Pīr Goori and Pīr Gūrī) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pir Gari	Shahid Modarres Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alleh-ye Hajj Abdol Ali (Persian: عله حاج عبدالعلي‎, also Romanized as ʿAlleh-ye Ḩājj ʿAbdol ʿAlī) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Alleh-ye Hajj Abdol Ali	Miyan Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern Conference Hall of Fame, located in Spartanburg, South Carolina, USA, is a hall of fame devoted to former Southern Conference student-athletes, coaches, and administrators.	Southern Conference Hall of Fame	Spartanburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leslie Street Spit, or officially the Outer Harbour East Headland, is a man-made headland in Toronto, Canada, extending from the city's east end in a roughly southwesterly direction into Lake Ontario.	Leslie Street Spit	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chereksky District (Russian: Черекский райо́н; Kabardian: Шэрэдж къедзыгъуэ; Karachay-Balkar: Черек район) is an administrative and a municipal district (raion), one of the ten in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia.	Chereksky District	Kabardino-Balkar Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stromeferry (Scottish Gaelic: Port an t-Sròim) is a village, located on the south shore of the west coast sea loch, Loch Carron, in western Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Stromeferry	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torringford Street Historic District is a historic district on the east side of the city of Torrington, Connecticut.	Torringford Street Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The municipality of Huanusco is located in the southwestern portion of the Mexican state of Zacatecas.	Huanusco	Zacatecas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Nokomis is one of several lakes in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Lake Nokomis	Minneapolis	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kattode is a settlement in Tiruvalla Kerala state, in India.	Kattode	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysokie Małe (vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wysokie Małe	Gmina Stawiski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patrykozy-Kolonia (patrɨˈkɔzɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Patrykozy-Kolonia	Gmina Bielany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Commodore Barry Park is an urban park in the Fort Greene neighborhood of the New York City borough of Brooklyn.	Commodore Barry Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nettlestead Green, like its near neighbour Nettlestead lies in the Medway valley SW of Maidstone in Kent.	Nettlestead Green	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avery-Hunter House is a registered historic house in Granville, Ohio, listed in the National Register on 1979-12-27.	Avery-Hunter House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sajjalagudda (Kannada: ಸಜ್ಜಲಗುಡ್ಡ ) is a village in the Lingasugur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka state, India.	Sajjalagudda	Raichur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Manitou River is a 1.8-mile-long (2.9 km) stream in Lake County, Minnesota.	Little Manitou River	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The State University College at Buffalo, known as Buffalo State College or SUNY Buffalo State, is a public college in Buffalo, New York, United States, and is part of the State University of New York (SUNY) system.	Buffalo State College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konnu, Shwegu is a village in Shwegu Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.	Konnu, Shwegu	Bhamo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukruse (German: Kuckers) is a village in Kohtla Parish, Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.	Kukruse	Kohtla Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santiago Dam (also known as Santiago Creek Dam) is an earth/rockfill dam across Santiago Creek in Orange County, in the U.S. state of California, forming Irvine Lake.	Santiago Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wakura is the town and the notified area committee in Ganderbal district, Jammu and Kashmir.	Wakura	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarmosht-e Bala (Persian: جرمشت بالا‎, also Romanized as Jarmosht-e Bālā) is a village in Posht Par Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jarmosht-e Bala	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slovak National Museum (Slovak: Slovenské národné múzeum) is the most important institution focusing on scientific research and cultural education in the field of museological activity in Slovakia.	Slovak National Museum	Slovakia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bangor Fire Engine House No. 6 is a historic former fire station at 284 Center Street in Bangor, Maine.	Bangor Fire Engine House No. 6	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chejarla (also Cezarla or Chejerla) is a village situated at a distance of 15 miles (24 km) west of Narasaraopet in Nekarikallu Mandal of Guntur District, Andhra Pradesh.	Chejarla	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durak Rahman (Persian: دورك رحمان‎, also Romanized as Dūrak Raḩmān) is a village in Shalil Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Durak Rahman	Shalil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macondray Lane is a small pedestrian lane on the south-eastern side of Russian Hill in San Francisco, California.	Macondray Lane	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cecilienhof Palace (German: Schloss Cecilienhof) is a palace in Potsdam, Brandenburg, Germany built from 1914 to 1917.	Cecilienhof	Potsdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarovce (Hungarian: Horvátjárfalu, Horvát-Járfalu, Croatian: Hrvatski Jandrof) is a small borough of Bratislava, Slovakia.	Jarovce	Bratislava
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arlington Center Historic District includes the civic and commercial heart of Arlington, Massachusetts.	Arlington Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bennet Lake Esker Kame Complex Conservation Reserve is a Canadian conservation reserve in the townships of Boyle and Guilfoyle, in Cochrane District, Ontario.	Bennet Lake Esker Kame Complex Conservation Reserve	Cochrane District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Renfrew Mill No. 2 was a historic mill complex at 217 Columbia Street in Adams, Massachusetts.	Renfrew Mill No. 2	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohneh Kand (Persian: كهنه كند‎) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kohneh Kand	Angut-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanton Airfield (IATA: SYN, ICAO: KSYN, FAA LID: SYN) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) east of the central business district of Stanton, in Goodhue County, Minnesota, United States.	Stanton Airfield	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Grójecka (ˈvɔla ɡruˈjɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Grójecka	Gmina Ćmielów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bell Field, originally known as College Field (1893--1909), was an outdoor athletic stadium in the northwest United States, on the campus of Oregon State College (now University) in Corvallis, Oregon.	Bell Field	Corvallis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Haimbaugh Round Barn in Newcastle Township near Rochester, Indiana, United States, is a round barn that was built in 1914.	John Haimbaugh Round Barn	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almaskhan (Persian: الماس خان‎, also Romanized as Almāskhān) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Almaskhan	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Passaic Junction is a rail yard owned by New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway along the border of Elmwood Park and Saddle Brook in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Passaic Junction	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar Rahdar (Persian: چنارراهدار‎, also Romanized as Chenār Rāhdār and Chenār-i-Rāhdār; also known as Chenān-i-Rāhdār and Rāhdār) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chenar Rahdar	Qarah Bagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Setto is a town and arrondissement in the Djidja commune of the Zou Department of Benin.	Setto	Djidja
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVGQ (106.9 FM, ``Q106.9'') is an American radio station licensed to serve Overton, Nevada, USA.	KVGQ	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myall Lakes, a series of fresh water lakes protected under the Ramsar Convention, are located within the Great Lakes local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Myall Lakes	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greenville Mausoleum is an imposing Egyptian Revival structure in Greenville, Ohio, United States.	Greenville Mausoleum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clay Lane is a one kilometre long public footpath and bridle way in Edgware in the London Borough of Barnet.	Clay Lane	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizajrud-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان ديزجرودغربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizajrud-e Gharbi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mueterschwanderberg (also Mueterschwandenberg) is a ridge forming the southern shore of Alpnachersee, just northwest of Stanserhorn and west of the village of Ennetmoos, Nidwalden, Switzerland.	Mueterschwanderberg	Nidwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Höpfigheim is a town located in the Landkreis Ludwigsburg which lies within the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Höpfigheim	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ernest Hemingway Cottage, also known as Windemere, was the boyhood summer home of author Ernest Hemingway, on Walloon Lake in Michigan.	Ernest Hemingway Cottage	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	PathaGollapalle is a village in Kadapa district, located in Rayachoti mandal of Andhra Pradesh, India.	PathaGollapalle	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cornish Library, is a branch of the Winnipeg Public Library, located in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Cornish Library	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chabua (IPA: tʃəˈbʊə or tʃəˈbwɑː) is a town and a town area committee in Dibrugarh district in the state of Assam, India.Chabua is situated in between Dibrugarh and Tinsukia on NH-37 30 km and 20 km away from both the District towns respectively.	Chabua	Dibrugarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	RMIT Gallery is an Australian public art gallery located in Melbourne, Victoria.	RMIT Gallery	Melbourne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurak-e Mohammad Rahimi (Persian: گورك محمدرحيمي‎, also Romanized as Gūrak-e Moḩammad Raḩīmī; also known as Gūrak-e Moḩammadraḩīmī) is a village in Delvar Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gurak-e Mohammad Rahimi	Delvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanbister is a small village and community with a 2011 population of 382 in Powys, mid Wales, in the historic county of Radnorshire.	Llanbister	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węgielsztyn (vɛnˈɡʲɛlʂtɨn) (German: Engelstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Węgielsztyn	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brownber is a hamlet surrounding Brownber Hall near Newbiggin-on-Lune in Cumbria, England.	Brownber	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Oaks School Division is a school division in the north west area of Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Seven Oaks School Division	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cañada del Oro (Spanish for Canyon of Gold), is a primary watershed channel in the valley of Tucson, Arizona, USA.	Cañada del Oro	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqsarniit Ilinniarvik School is a public middle school located in Iqaluit, Nunavut and has classes for Grades 6 to 8.	Aqsarniit Ilinniarvik School	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tournament Park is a park and athletics venue in Pasadena, California, currently maintained by the California Institute of Technology.	Tournament Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Didicas Volcano is an active volcanic island in the province of Cagayan in northern Philippines.	Didicas Volcano	Cagayan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dłutowo (dwuˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dłutowo	Gmina Naruszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toghli Alabad (Persian: طغلي ال عباد‎, also Romanized as Ţoghlī Ālābād; also known as Ţoghlī and Toqlī Ālābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Toghli Alabad	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadle Szklarskie (ˈxadlɛ ˈʂklarskʲɛ) (Ukrainian: Гадлі Шклярські, Hadli Shkliars’ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jawornik Polski, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Hadle Szklarskie	Gmina Jawornik Polski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission San Juan Bautista is a Spanish mission in San Juan Bautista, San Benito County, California.	Mission San Juan Bautista	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatkehlu (Persian: هتكه لو‎, also Romanized as Hatkehlū) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hatkehlu	Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carland Cross is a location in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, about six miles (10 kilometres) north of Truro at OS grid reference OS grid ref SW846539.	Carland Cross	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wapekeka First Nation (formerly known as Angling Lake First Nation) is a First Nation band government in the Canadian province of Ontario.	Wapekeka First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurab-e Mowr (Persian: شوراب مور‎, also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Mowr; also known as Shūrāb and Shūrābeh) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Shurab-e Mowr	Aliabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Demjok, also spelled Demchok, is a village and military encampment in the Leh district of Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Demjok	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auburn State Recreation Area is a state park unit of California, USA, along 40 miles (64 km) of the North and Middle Forks of the American River.	Auburn State Recreation Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wełmin (ˈvɛu̯min) (German: Buchwerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Wełmin	Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kissimmee Gateway Airport (IATA: ISM, ICAO: KISM, FAA LID: ISM), formerly known as Kissimmee Municipal Airport, is a public airport in Kissimmee, a city in Osceola County, Florida, United States.	Kissimmee Gateway Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Abbas Kandi (Persian: حاجي عباس كندي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī ``Abbās Kandī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 5 families.	Hajji Abbas Kandi	Angut-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Phaup House is a historic home located in Lynchburg, Virginia.	William Phaup House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Towne Mall is a shopping mall located on the northeast side of Madison, Wisconsin.	East Towne Mall	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana is a private liberal arts college with an enrollment of approximately 2,400 students.	DePauw University	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słajsino (swai̯ˈɕinɔ) (German: Schloissin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Słajsino	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Nasirpur (Persian: تازه كندنصيرپور‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Naşīrpūr) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Nasirpur	Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linxia Hui Autonomous Prefecture (simplified Chinese: 临夏回族自治州; traditional Chinese: 臨夏回族自治州; pinyin: Línxià Huízú Zìzhìzhōu; Xiao'erjing: لٍشِا خُوِذُو ذِجِجِوْ‎) formerly known as Guhezhou is located in Gansu province, south of the provincial capital Lanzhou, bordering Qinghai to the west.	Linxia Hui Autonomous Prefecture	Gansu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurakhsky District (Russian: Курахский райо́н; Lezgian: Кьурагь район) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-one in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia.	Kurakhsky District	Republic of Dagestan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangarampur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (SC) is part of No. 6 Balurghat (Lok Sabha constituency).	Gangarampur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Balurghat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation Baith Israel Anshei Emes (Hebrew: בֵּית יִשְׂרָאֵל אַנְשֵׁי אֱמֶת, ``House of Israel -- People of Truth''), more commonly known as the Kane Street Synagogue, is an egalitarian Conservative synagogue located at 236 Kane Street in Cobble Hill, Brooklyn, New York City, United States.	Congregation Baith Israel Anshei Emes	Cobble Hill	Brooklyn	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Knipp & Brother Building is a historic retail building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	George Knipp & Brother Building	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cambria Casino, also known as the Flying V Guest Ranch and the Cambria Casino Park-Memorial, is a resort on the western edge of the Black Hills in Weston County, Wyoming.	Cambria Casino	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whiteparish is a village and civil parish on the A27 about 7.5 miles (12.1 km) southeast of Salisbury in Wiltshire, England.	Whiteparish	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsuen King Garden (Chinese: 荃景花園) is one of the largest private housing estates in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong, located at Tsuen King Circuit.	Tsuen King Garden	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puthantheru (പുത്തന്‍തെരു is a small town on the coastline between Tirur and Tanur Malappuram district of Kerala state, South India. Previously it was called Theru, but as the town developed its name became Puthantheru (``New Street'').	Puthantheru	Malappuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Kotków (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈkɔtkuf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Kotków	Gmina Gorzkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Sitka Site, now in Old Sitka State Historical Park, is a National Historic Landmark near Sitka, Alaska.	Old Sitka Site	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chengalpattu, formerly known as Chingleput, is southwestern suburb of Chennai city and Taluk in Kanchipuram district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Chengalpattu	Kanchipuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unlike the other gompas in Ladakh, Alchi is situated on lowland, not on a hilltop.	Alchi	Ladakh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glaisdale is a village and civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England, within the North York Moors National Park.	Glaisdale	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Clemente Island (SCI) is the southernmost of the Channel Islands of California.	San Clemente Island	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radyr developed after the Norman invasion of Wales at the start of the 12th century and formed part of the Welsh Lordship or cantref of Miskin under the Lordship of Glamorgan created by the Norman King, William Rufus, in 1093.	Radyr	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamgong Gewog (Dzongkha: ལམ་གོང་) is a gewog (village block) of Paro District, Bhutan.	Lamgong Gewog	Paro District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieblum (Fering: Njiblem) is a municipality on the island of Föhr, in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Nieblum	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mawsynram (/ˈmɔːsɪnˌrʌm/) is a village in the East Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya state in north-eastern India, 65 kilometres from Shillong.	Mawsynram	Meghalaya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piedimonte San Germano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region of Lazio, located in the Liri River valley about 110 kilometres (68 mi) southeast of Rome and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) southeast of Frosinone.	Piedimonte San Germano	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flathead High School is an American public secondary school located in Kalispell, Montana.	Flathead High School	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marchmont House lies on the east side of the small town of Greenlaw, and near the former village of Polwarth in Berwickshire, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland.	Marchmont House	Scottish Borders	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heddington is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England 3 miles (4.8 km) south of Calne.	Heddington	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oblin-Korczunek (ˈɔblin kɔrˈt͡ʂunɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Oblin-Korczunek	Gmina Maciejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Qadam (Persian: كلاته قدم‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Qadam; also known as Kalāteh-ye Karbalā’ī Qadam) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Qadam	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Digru (Persian: ديگ رو‎, also Romanized as Dīgrū; also known as Degrū) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Digru	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHDR-FM is a Canadian radio station in Cranbrook, British Columbia that broadcasts an active rock format at 102.9 FM branded as 102.9 The Drive FM.	CHDR-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hausgen House, a historic home, located on Walnut Lane in Anchorage, Kentucky, was constructed circa 1890 and is an example of the Colonial Revival design popular in eastern Jefferson County during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Hausgen House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarboneh (Persian: زربنه‎; also known as Zarrowboneh) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Zarboneh	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huntsville-Madison County Public Library is a public, Carnegie library in Huntsville, Alabama.	Huntsville-Madison County Public Library	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldland Common is a village in South Gloucestershire, England, on the outskirts of Bristol.	Oldland Common	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chateau Qu'Appelle was a Grand Trunk Pacific Railway hotel planned for Regina, Saskatchewan.	Chateau Qu'Appelle	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielawino (vjɛlaˈvinɔ) (formerly German Flackenheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wielawino	Gmina Grzmiąca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edmonton International Fringe Festival is an annual arts festival held every August in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton International Fringe Festival	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTNM (93.7 FM, ``Super Talk Mississippi'') is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Oxford, Mississippi.	WTNM	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Bazyar (Persian: پايين بازيار‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Bazyār, Pā’īn Bazeyār, Pā’īn Bazīār, and Pā’īn Bāzīār; also known as Bāzyār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Bazyar	Lalehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Darusheh-ye Chin (Persian: ابدروشه چين‎, also Romanized as Āb Darūsheh-ye Chīn; also known as Āb Darūsheh, Āb Dorūshak, and Āb-e Dorūsheh) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ab Darusheh-ye Chin	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makira-Ulawa Province is one of the provinces of the Solomon Islands.	Makira-Ulawa Province	Solomon Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wisconsin Field House (commonly known as the UW Fieldhouse) is an 10,600-seat multi-purpose arena in Madison, Wisconsin, directly south of and abutting Camp Randall Stadium.	Wisconsin Field House	Madison
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karlsruhe-Durlach station is the second largest station in the city of Karlsruhe in the German state of Baden-Württemberg after Karlsruhe Hauptbahnhof.	Karlsruhe-Durlach station	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cathedral of the Air is a Norman-Gothic cathedral in Lakehurst, New Jersey.	Cathedral of the Air	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catalina Park is a disused motor racing venue, located at Katoomba, in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia, and is recognised as an Aboriginal Place due to the long association of the local Gundungarra and Darug clans to the area.	Catalina Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khozaq (Persian: خزاق‎, also Romanized as Khozāq and Khozzāq; also known as Khazagh and Qazzāq) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District, in the Central District of Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Khozaq	Miyandasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grenaa is the municipal seat, and the largest town, in Norddjurs Municipality, which covers the northern half of Djursland.	Grenaa	Norddjurs Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yusefabad-e Shah Mirza Kandi (Persian: يوسف ابادشاه ميرزاكندي‎, also Romanized as Yūsefābād-e Shāh Mīrzā Kandī; also known as Shāh Mīrzākandī and Yūsefābād) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yusefabad-e Shah Mirza Kandi	Bash Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vlachata (Greek: Βλαχάτα, also Βλαχάτα Εικοσιμίας) is a village and a community in the eastern part of the municipal unit of Leivathos near the south coast of the island of Kefalonia, Greece.	Vlachata	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volcano, The Blast Coaster, or simply Volcano, is a launched inverted roller coaster at Kings Dominion in Doswell, Virginia.	Volcano, The Blast Coaster	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montgomery Creek Rancheria is a federal Indian reservation belonging to members of the Pit River Tribe, a federally recognized tribe of indigenous people of California.	Montgomery Creek Rancheria	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ameleh (Persian: عامله‎, also Romanized as ``Āmeleh; also known as Amala) is a village in Sahneh Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 255, in 69 families.	Ameleh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokrzyn (ˈmɔkʂɨn) (German: Petersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mokrzyn	Gmina Bytów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazemiyeh (Persian: كاظميه‎, also Romanized as Kāz̧emīyeh) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kazemiyeh	Ekhtiarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Built in 1891 and originally known as ``Beaulieu'', the French meaning ``beautiful place'', Lougheed House is now a national historic site located in the Beltline district of Calgary, Alberta.	Lougheed House	Calgary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kochów-Kępa (ˈkɔxuf ˈkɛmpa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kochów-Kępa	Gmina Maciejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nooksack River is a river in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Washington.	Nooksack River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamaijan District (Persian: بخش همایجان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hamaijan District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHRZ-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 91.3 FM in Wasauksing, Ontario near Parry Sound.	CHRZ-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vernon/Wildlife Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CVW2), is located 2.3 nautical miles (4.3 km; 2.6 mi) southwest of Vernon, British Columbia, Canada.	Vernon/Wildlife Water Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hownsgill Viaduct (in some sources called Hownes Gill Viaduct and locally called the Gill bridge) is a former railway bridge located west of Consett in County Durham, England.	Hownsgill Viaduct	County Durham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Roba (Persian: دشت ربا‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Robā) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Roba	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morez-e Bani Saleh (Persian: معرض بني صالح‎, also Romanized as Moʿrez̤-e Banī Şāleḥ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Morez-e Bani Saleh	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papum Pare district (Pron:/ˌpæpəm ˈpæɹɪ or ˈpɑ:ɹeɪ/) is an administrative district in the state of Arunachal Pradesh in India.	Papum Pare district	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parčić is a small village located in the region called Bukovica, 14 km northwest of Kistanje, in the continental part of Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia.	Parčić	Kistanje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colditz Castle (or Schloss Colditz in German) is a Renaissance castle in the town of Colditz near Leipzig, Dresden and Chemnitz in the state of Saxony in Germany.	Colditz Castle	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lookout Mountain Air Force Station (LMAFS) is a former defense site which today is a private residence in the Laurel Canyon neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Lookout Mountain Air Force Station	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faulds Brow is a small rise in the English Lake District, northwest of the village of Caldbeck in Cumbria.	Faulds Brow	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palatka Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 28J), also known as Lt. Kay Larkin Field, is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the central business district of Palatka, a city in Putnam County, Florida, United States.	Palatka Municipal Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Próchnówko (pruxˈnufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Próchnówko	Gmina Tuczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheltenham Secondary College is a co-educational high school in Cheltenham, Victoria, Australia, catering for students in years 7 to 12.	Cheltenham Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hui County or Huixian (Chinese: 徽县; Pinyin: Huī Xiàn) is a county under charge of Longnan City, Gansu Province.	Hui County	Longnan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysoka Gryfińska (vɨˈsɔka ɡrɨˈfiɲska) (formerly German Wittstock) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Wysoka Gryfińska	Gmina Gryfino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum at Penn State (395 acres), which contains the H.O. Smith Botanic Gardens, is a new arboretum being created by The Pennsylvania State University adjacent to its University Park campus in State College, Pennsylvania.	The Arboretum at Penn State	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMOX (1010 AM) is a radio station broadcasting in the Meridian, Mississippi, Arbitron market.	WMOX	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLEN (103.9 FM) is a radio station in Adrian, Michigan, broadcasting a full-service adult contemporary format with a heavy emphasis on local news, weather and sports.	WLEN	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. C. Penney Historic District is a historic district in Kemmerer, Wyoming encompassing several properties associated with James Cash Penney.	J. C. Penney Historic District	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swan Lake Nature Study Area (formerly called Lemmon Valley Marsh) is a small conservation area in Lemmon Valley, Nevada.	Swan Lake Nature Study Area	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Victory Theater is an off-Broadway theater located at 209 West 42nd Street, between 7th and 8th Avenues, in Midtown Manhattan.	New Victory Theater	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Piper House, in Virginia City, Nevada, United States, is a historic house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Henry Piper House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Młodasko (mwɔˈdaskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Młodasko	Gmina Kaźmierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aveley is a small town within the Thurrock unitary authority in Essex, England and one of the traditional (Church of England) parishes in Thurrock.	Aveley	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Verde High School is a career and college preparatory high school in Casa Grande, Arizona.	Casa Verde High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brownhill is a suburb of Blackburn, in the unitary borough of Blackburn with Darwen, in Lancashire, England.	Brownhill	Blackburn
located in the administrative territorial entity	WUWM (89.7 FM, ``Milwaukee Public Radio'') is the flagship National Public Radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	WUWM	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethany Memorial Chapel was built by Norwegian homesteaders who settled in the Big Bear Ridge area north of Kendrick in rural Latah County, Idaho.	Bethany Memorial Chapel	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baile Chláir or Baile Chláir na Gaillimhe (anglicized Claregalway) is a Gaeltacht village about 10 km north of Galway in County Galway, Ireland.	Claregalway	County Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Exercise Red Flag is an advanced aerial combat training exercise hosted at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada.	Exercise Red Flag	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pioneer Prairie Wind Farm, which is located in Iowa along the Minnesota state line in Howard and Mitchell counties, has an installed capacity of 300 MW.	Pioneer Prairie Wind Farm	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartel Mały (ˈbartɛl ˈmawɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bartel Mały	Gmina Kaliska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokołówko (sɔkɔˈwufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sokołówko	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salaq-e Ghayeb (Persian: سلاق غايب‎, also Romanized as Salāq-e Ghāyeb and Salāq Ghāyeb) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Salaq-e Ghayeb	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Utniki (utˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Utniki	Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buhl Farm Golf Course, formerly known as Buhland Golf Course, located in Sharon, Pennsylvania, is the only free public golf course in the United States.	Buhl Farm Golf Course	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marlborough Region, commonly known simply as Marlborough, is one of the regions of New Zealand, located in the northeast of the South Island.	Marlborough Region	New Zealand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szurpiły (ʂurˈpiwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szurpiły	Gmina Jeleniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Omineca Mountains, also known as ``the Ominecas'', are a group of remote mountain ranges in north-central British Columbia, Canada.	Omineca Mountains	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKWY (102.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format, and licensed to Tompkinsville, Kentucky, USA.	WKWY	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kenilworth Lodge is an historic resort hotel located at 1610 Lakeview Drive in Sebring, Florida.	Kenilworth Lodge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2004 Investment Corporation, the State of Connecticut, the City of Hartford, and Aetna began working to redevelop the former Civic Center Mall complex.	Civic Center Mall	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ubley is a small village and civil parish within the Chew Valley in Bath and North East Somerset about 8 miles (12.9 km) south of Bristol and 10 miles (16.1 km) from Bath.	Ubley	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Bostan (Persian: سي بستان‎, also Romanized as Sī Bostān) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Si Bostan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hancock Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Hancock Street in Quincy Square, across the street from the United First Parish Church in Quincy, Massachusetts, United States.	Hancock Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Massachusetts Department of Public Health currently operates a Joint Commission accredited, 350-bed facility at Tewksbury Hospital, providing both medical and psychiatric services to challenging adult patients with chronic conditions.	Tewksbury Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sakineh-ye Do (Persian: سكينه دو‎, also Romanized as Sakīneh-ye Do) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sakineh-ye Do	Esmailiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blackstone Canal was a waterway linking Worcester, Massachusetts, to Providence, Rhode Island (and Narragansett Bay) through the Blackstone Valley via a series of locks and canals during the early 19th century.	Blackstone Canal	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zavoleh-ye Sofla (Persian: زاوله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zāvoleh-ye Soflá; also known as Zavaleh, Zāvoleh, and Zāvoleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zavoleh-ye Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherry Bank, also known as the Dr. A. L. Ankeny House and Lindmeier (``Cherrybank''), is an historic residence located in Clinton, Iowa, United States.	Cherry Bank	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadway United Church of Christ is a Congregationalist Church at Broadway and 93rd Street on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.	Broadway United Church of Christ	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Current Swing Bridge is a swing bridge in the Canadian province of Ontario, located at the community of Little Current in the town of Northeastern Manitoulin and the Islands.	Little Current Swing Bridge	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opéra national de Lorraine is an opera company and opera house located in the city of Nancy in the French province of Lorraine.	Opéra national de Lorraine	Nancy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nana-Grébizi is one of the 2 economic prefectures of the Central African Republic.	Nana-Grébizi	Central African Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hung Hom (traditional Chinese: 紅磡; simplified Chinese: 红磡; pinyin: Hóngkàn; Jyutping: hung4 ham3, red cliff) is an area of Kowloon, in Hong Kong, administratively part of the Kowloon City District, with a portion west of the railway in the Yau Tsim Mong District (油尖旺區).	Hung Hom	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Vincent's Medical Center Southside is a not-for-profit, faith-based hospital located in the southern part of Jacksonville, Florida.	St. Vincent's Medical Center Southside	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Medical Center Heliport (FAA LID: 34OR) is a private heliport located four miles east of Portland in Multnomah County, Oregon, United States.	Providence Medical Center Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayou Bend Collection and Gardens, located in the River Oaks community in Houston, Texas, United States, is a 14-acre (57,000 m2) facility of the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston (MFAH) that houses a collection of decorative art, paintings and furniture.	Bayou Bend Collection and Gardens	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchestan-e Ali Hoseyn Molla (Persian: پرچستان علي حسين مولا‎, also Romanized as Parchestān-e ʿAlī Ḩoseyn Mollā; also known as Parchestān-e Alīhoseynmowlā) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Parchestan-e Ali Hoseyn Molla	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashmere High School is a secondary school in Houston, Texas that serves grades 9 through 12; it is a part of the Houston Independent School District.	Kashmere High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn South is the common name for the Mutual Redevelopment Houses, a limited-equity housing cooperative development located between Eighth and Ninth Avenues and West 23rd and 29th Streets, in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Penn South	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monroe Township High School is a comprehensive four-year public high school located in Monroe Township, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades part of the Monroe Township School District.	Monroe Township High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr-e Ashayiri (Persian: موتورعشايري ( حمزه ائ )‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAshāyīrī; also known as Ḩamzehāy (Persian: حمزه ائ)) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Ashayiri	Arzuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potsdam Municipal Airport (ICAO: KPTD, FAA LID: PTD), also known as Damon Field, is a village owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) east of Potsdam, a village in the Town of Potsdam, St. Lawrence County, New York, United States.	Potsdam Municipal Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Matachewan was a trading post set up by the Hudson's Bay Company in 1867, and is located 8 km north of the town of Matachewan, Ontario.	Fort Matachewan	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seaport Village is a waterfront shopping and dining complex adjacent to San Diego Bay in downtown San Diego, California.	Seaport Village	San Diego
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern Leyte (Cebuano: Habagatang Leyte; Filipino: Timog Leyte) is a province in the Philippines located in the Eastern Visayas region.	Southern Leyte	Eastern Visayas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanderao is a village in Pali district of Rajasthan state in India.	Sanderao	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Germantown White House (formerly the Deshler-Morris House, Deshler House or Perot-Morris House) is a historic mansion in the Germantown section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Germantown White House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cierznie (ˈt͡ɕeʐɲe) (German: Peterswalde; Kashubian: Cérznié) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cierznie	Gmina Debrzno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion Poljud is a multi-use stadium in the Croatian city of Split.	Stadion Poljud	Split
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Sycamore Hospital is two-story brick structure in downtown Sycamore, Illinois, United States.	Old Sycamore Hospital	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friends of the Dillon Ranger District is a Colorado 501(c)3 Nonprofit Corporation whose mission is to promote stewardship of the White River National Forest in Summit County through partnerships, volunteer service, education, and support.	Friends of the Dillon Ranger District	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Christman Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge that carries Eaton-New Hope Road over Seven Mile Creek in Washington Township, Preble County, Ohio, United States, northwest of the city of Eaton.	Christman Covered Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamut-e Sharqi District (Persian: بخش الموت شرقی‎‎), meaning ``East Alamut District'', formerly Rudbar-e Alamut District, is a district (bakhsh) in Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Alamut-e Sharqi District	Qazvin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balboa Fun Zone is a family destination located on the Balboa Peninsula in the city of Newport Beach, Orange County, California.	Balboa Fun Zone	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capizzi (Greek: Καπίτιον; Latin: Capitium) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 100 kilometres (62 mi) southwest of Messina.	Capizzi	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krowia Góra (ˈkrɔvja ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Krowia Góra	Gmina Łoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery Ward Warehouse and Retail Store is a historic warehouse and retail building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Montgomery Ward Warehouse and Retail Store	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallgrove Aerodrome was a Royal Australian Air Force satellite and emergency airfield at Doonside, New South Wales, Australia during World War II. The aerodrome was built in 1942 and the runway was 5000 ft (1524m) long and 150 ft (45.72m) wide running NW-SW.	Wallgrove Aerodrome	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aquilla Lake is an artificial lake (reservoir) in Hill County, Texas, USA.	Aquilla Lake	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanat-e Baghat (Persian: قنات باغات‎, also Romanized as Qanāt-e Bāghāt) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Qanat-e Baghat	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sayre Street School building is located at 506 Sayre Street, in an older residential neighborhood near downtown Montgomery, Alabama.	Sayre Street School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nargesan Rural District (Persian: دهستان نرگسان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nargesan Rural District	Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Raeng (Thai: แม่แรง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Pa Sang District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 7627 people.	Mae Raeng	Pa Sang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Dora History Museum (formerly the Royellou Museum) is located at 450 Royellou Lane, Mount Dora, Florida.	Mount Dora History Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnside's Bridge is a landmark on the Civil War Antietam National Battlefield near Sharpsburg, northwestern Maryland.	Burnside's Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mong Chau (Chinese: 芒洲) was an island off South Kwai Chung, in the Rambler Channel, Hong Kong.	Mong Chau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kariz Kohandel (Persian: كاريز كهندل‎, also Romanized as Kārīz Kohandel; also known as Kārīz Kondel) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kariz Kohandel	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTIB (103.7 FM) is a radio station in Eastern North Carolina that airs a talk format.	WTIB	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archeh (Persian: ارچه‎, also Romanized as Ārcheh) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Archeh	Golestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donald M. Kendall Sculpture Gardens is a collection of 45 pieces of outdoor sculpture at the PepsiCo world headquarters in Purchase, New York.	Donald M. Kendall Sculpture Gardens	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzchowizna (vjɛʂxɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wierzchowizna	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCall Municipal Airport (IATA: MYL, ICAO: KMYL, FAA LID: MYL) is a city-owned public-use airport located in McCall, a city in Valley County, Idaho, United States.	McCall Municipal Airport	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morduq (Persian: مردوق ‎, also Romanized as Mordūq; also known as Mordaq and Murdi) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Morduq	Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robinson Plantation House is a historic house in Clark, New Jersey built around 1690 on territory that was part of the Elizabethtown Tract, and was once part of Rahway.	Robinson Plantation House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górzec (ˈɡuʐɛt͡s) (German: Gurtsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Górzec	Gmina Strzelin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Anjiri (Persian: پيرانجيري‎, also Romanized as Pīr Anjīrī; also known as Pīr Anjīr) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pir Anjiri	Salehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oneonta Municipal Airport (IATA: ONH, FAA LID: N66) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Oneonta, a city in Otsego County, New York, United States.	Oneonta Municipal Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meeting of the Great Rivers Scenic Route extends for 33.0 miles (53.1 km) in southwestern Illinois, traveling through the floodplain of the Mississippi, Missouri and Illinois rivers.	Meeting of the Great Rivers Scenic Route	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jean Minjoz Hospital is a large hospital in Besançon in the French region of Franche-Comté.	Jean Minjoz Hospital	Besançon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Mokhtarzadeh (Persian: مزرعه مختارزاده‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Mokhtārzādeh) is a village in Nezamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 14 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mokhtarzadeh	Nezamabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assarpur is a small village in the district of Ropar, Punjab, India.	Assarpur	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alto Orinoco Municipality is one of the seven municipalities (municipios) that make up the southern Venezuelan state of Amazonas and, according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 12,687.	Alto Orinoco Municipality	Amazonas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lillis Business Complex (LCB) is a building on the University of Oregon campus in Eugene, Oregon.	Lillis Business Complex	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilczopole-Kolonia (vilt͡ʂɔˈpɔlɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głusk, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wilczopole-Kolonia	Gmina Głusk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kitchen is a non-profit, multi-disciplinary art and performance space located at 512 West 19th Street, between Tenth and Eleventh Avenues in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	The Kitchen	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabeth City Regional Airport (IATA: ECG, ICAO: KECG, FAA LID: ECG) is a joint civil-military public and military use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Elizabeth City, in Pasquotank County, North Carolina, United States.	Elizabeth City Regional Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johanneskirchenkopf is a hill in the county of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis, Hesse, Germany.	Johanneskirchenkopf	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castiglione d'Orcia is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Siena in the Italian region of Tuscany, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southeast of Florence and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southeast of Siena, in the Val d'Orcia, not far from the Via Cassia.	Castiglione d'Orcia	Province of Siena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leverington is a village and civil parish in the Fenland district of Cambridgeshire, to the north of Wisbech.	Leverington	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghal Kali (Persian: اغل كالي‎, also Romanized as Āghal Kālī; also known as Āghal Golī) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Aghal Kali	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rohr Saddle (German: Rohrer Sattel, el. 864 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps, located in the Bundesland of Lower Austria.	Rohr Saddle	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flint Cultural Center (FCC) is a campus of institutes located in Flint, Michigan.	Flint Cultural Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukhteh Sara (Persian: سوخته سرا‎, also Romanized as Sūkhteh Sarā) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sukhteh Sara	Kaseliyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Venkatachalam or Venkatachellum is a village and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Venkatachalam	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh Miran (Persian: كوه ميران‎, also Romanized as Kūh Mīrān; also known as Komīrān) is a village in Afriz Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kuh Miran	Afriz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch to Market Road 1165 (RM 1165) is a short Ranch to Market road entirely in Culberson County in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).	Ranch to Market Road 1165	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alta View Hospital is located in Sandy, Utah, USA, and is an Intermountain Healthcare member hospital.	Alta View Hospital	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beni Abbes Museum also known as (Béni Abbès Museum) (Arabic: متحف بني عباس‎) is a museum located in oasis town of Beni Abbes, Béchar Province, Algeria.	Beni Abbes Museum	Béni Abbès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northiam is a village and civil parish in the Rother District of the administrative county of East Sussex, within historic Sussex, England.	Northiam	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badlan (Persian: بادلان‎, also Romanized as Badlān, Badalan, and Bādelān; also known as Bādlūn) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Badlan	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beckers Block is a group of historic commercial buildings in Huntsville, Alabama.	Beckers Block	Huntsville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mošnov (pronunciation moshnov) is a village in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Mošnov	Nový Jičín District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pash-e Olya (Persian: پش عليا‎, also Romanized as Pash-e ``Olyā; also known as Bālā Pash and Pash) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 17 families.	Pash-e Olya	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	UMass Memorial Health Care (UMMHC) is the clinical partner of the University of Massachusetts Medical School and the largest health care system in Central and Western Massachusetts.	UMass Memorial Health Care	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBFN is a radio station in Battle Creek, Michigan, that broadcasts an adult contemporary Christian music and religious teaching format at 1400 kHz as an affiliate of Family Life Radio.	WBFN	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caversham Airfield, also known as Middle Swan Airfield was an airfield constructed at Caversham, Western Australia during World War II as a parent aerodrome for the United States Fleet Air Arm of the 7th Fleet.	Caversham Airfield	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hohenlinden (also known as Linden or Healin) is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg.	Hohenlinden	Ebersberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memorial Tower, or the Campanile as it is sometimes called, is a 175-foot clock tower in the center of Louisiana State University's campus in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA.	Memorial Tower	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Recreation, Intramural, and Athletic Complex (RIMAC) is a sports complex at the University of California, San Diego composed of an arena, a soccer field, a softball field, a weight room and various other event and athletic facilities.	RIMAC	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Zamiyeh (Persian: مزرعه زميه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Zamīyeh) is a village in Gachi Rural District, Gachi District, Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 737, in 100 families.	Mazraeh-ye Zamiyeh	Gachi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nova Prata is a municipality in the mountainous Serra Gaúcha region of Rio Grande do Sul, in southern Brazil.	Nova Prata	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gariveh (Persian: گريوه‎, also Romanized as Garīveh; also known as Garīv) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gariveh	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trševine (Serbian: Тршевине) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Trševine	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stickhausen Castle is located on the western edge of the village Stickhausen, a district of the East Frisian municipality Detern in the Landkreis of Leer in Lower Saxony.	Stickhausen Castle	Detern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broadway Mansions Hotel is located at 20 Bei Suzhou Road (formerly 1 Broadway), Shanghai in the North Bund area of the Hongkou District.	Broadway Mansions	Hongkou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gundelfingen is one of the larger municipalities in the Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald district.	Gundelfingen	Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyrąb Karwacki (ˈvɨrɔmp karˈvat͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wyrąb Karwacki	Gmina Przasnysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luseh (Persian: لوسه‎, also Romanized as Lūseh; also known as Kūleh) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Luseh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takomyśle (takɔˈmɨɕlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Takomyśle	Gmina Godziesze Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cranbrook Elementary School is a public elementary school in the Northwest Columbus area in Ohio, USA.	Cranbrook Elementary School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzyczki Szumne (ˈkʂɨt͡ʂki ˈʂumnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krzyczki Szumne	Gmina Nasielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Corpus Christi Harbor Bridge is a harbor bridge located in Corpus Christi, Texas which transports about 26,000 vehicles per day.	Corpus Christi Harbor Bridge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The H. G. Vaughn House is a historic summer estate house at 5 Sparhawk Road in Sherborn, Massachusetts.	H. G. Vaughn House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kęsza (ˈkɛ̃ʂa) (German: Kienbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kęsza	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elmer Holmes Bobst Library, often referred to as simply Bobst Library or Bobst, is the main library at New York University in Manhattan, New York City.	Elmer Holmes Bobst Library	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Triplet Falls are waterfalls located in the Great Otway National Park of Victoria, in eastern Australia.	Triplet Falls	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvir Rural District (Persian: دهستان الوير‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Alvir Rural District	Kharqan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velyki Hrybovychi (Ukrainian: Вели́кі Грибо́вичі) is a village in Zhovkva Raion, Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine.	Velyki Hrybovychi	Zhovkva Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaromjeh Bagh (Persian: يارمجه باغ‎, also Romanized as Yāromjeh Bāgh, Yāramjah Bāgh, and Yāremjeh Bāgh; also known as Yaramjābak and Yārmjeh Bolāgh) is a village in Boghrati Rural District, Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Yaromjeh Bagh	Boghrati Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mingo National Wildlife Refuge is a 21,676-acre (87.7-km2) National Wildlife Refuge located in northwestern Stoddard and southeastern Wayne counties in Missouri.	Mingo National Wildlife Refuge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mundenhof is located on the western edge of Freiburg im Breisgau, and is the smallest district in Freiburg, with only 46 residents.	Mundenhof	Freiburg im Breisgau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridgefield National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife preserve, one of the national wildlife refuges operated by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, located in the westernmost part of Clark County, Washington.	Ridgefield National Wildlife Refuge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christopher Newport University, or CNU, is a public liberal arts university located in Newport News, Virginia, United States.	Christopher Newport University	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anthony and Louise Viaer Alumni Hall, formerly the Administration Building, is a building on the campus of Huston-Tillotson University in Austin, Texas, United States.	Anthony and Louise Viaer Alumni Hall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Launceston Synagogue is a heritage-listed building located in St. John's Street, Launceston, Tasmania.	Launceston Synagogue	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parowan Meetinghouse, sometimes referred to as the Parowan Tabernacle or the Parowan Old Rock Church is a historic meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) built in Parowan, Utah between 1861-1870.	Parowan Meetinghouse	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clifton Maybank is a hamlet and civil parish in the English county of Dorset.	Clifton Maybank	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agua Caliente Cultural Museum is a culture and history museum located in Palm Springs, California, United States, focusing on the Cahuilla people of the Coachella Valley.	Agua Caliente Cultural Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWPK-FM is a commercial modern adult contemporary music radio station in Sisters, Oregon, broadcasting to the Bend, Oregon area on 104.1 FM.	KWPK-FM	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anovi (Persian: عنوي‎, also Romanized as ʿAnovī; also known as Anovī-ye Pelāsī, Pālāsī, and Takhteh Pūrī-ye Pelāsī) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Anovi	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elkridge Furnace Complex is a historic iron works located on approximately 16 acres (6.5 ha) at Elkridge, Howard County, Maryland.	Elkridge Furnace Complex	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miczuły (miˈt͡ʂuwɨ) (German: Mitschullen, 1938-1945 Rochau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Miczuły	Gmina Banie Mazurskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nye Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County, New York, named after William B. Nye (c.1815--1893), an Adirondack mountain guide.	Nye Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hershey Centre is a multi-purpose sports and entertainment complex located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Hershey Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stangenwald Building at 119 Merchant Street, in downtown Honolulu, Hawaii was the city's first high-rise office building, with its own law library, and one of the earliest electric elevators in the (then) Territory when it was built in 1901.	Stangenwald Building	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Chedi Mai (Thai: แม่เจดีย์ใหม่) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Wiang Pa Pao District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Mae Chedi Mai	Wiang Pa Pao
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Permian Basin Petroleum Museum is a museum in Midland, Texas, USA, with exhibits relating to the oil and gas industry of the Permian Basin of west Texas and southeast New Mexico.	Permian Basin Petroleum Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bredasdorp is located in the Cape Agulhas Local Municipality; as the largest town in the municipality, Bredasdorp is divided between its second, third and fourth wards.	Bredasdorp	Cape Agulhas Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogle County Airport (FAA LID: C55) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (2.3 mi, 3.7 km) southeast of the central business district of Mount Morris, a village in Ogle County, Illinois, United States.	Ogle County Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Więckowy (vjɛnt͡sˈkɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Więckowy	Gmina Skarszewy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toolesboro Mound Group, a National Historic Landmark, is a group of Havana Hopewell culture earthworks on the north bank of the Iowa River near its discharge into the Mississippi.	Toolesboro Mound Group	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo della Farnesina is an Italian government building located between Monte Mario and the Tiber River in the Foro Italico area in Rome, Italy.	Palazzo della Farnesina	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slide Mountain Wilderness Area is, at 47,500 acres (19,200 ha), the largest tract of state-owned Forest Preserve in New York's Catskill Park, and the largest area under any kind of wilderness area protection between the Adirondacks and the southern Appalachians.	Slide Mountain Wilderness Area	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dul Bid (Persian: دول بيد‎, also Romanized as Dūl Bīd and Dūlbīd; also known as Dūl Bīd-e Vosţá) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dul Bid	Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weidman Millpond is a dammed pond in the town of Weidman, Michigan, United States.	Weidman Millpond	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heindonk is a Belgian village in the municipality of Willebroek, Antwerp province, situated northwest of the city of Mechelen.	Heindonk	Willebroek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee Mission Cemetery is a pioneer cemetery in Salem, Oregon, United States.	Lee Mission Cemetery	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Thong Railway Halt is a railway halt located in Tako Subdistrict, Thung Tako District, Chumphon.	Tha Thong Railway Halt	Tako
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabówka Ukazowa-Hamówka (ɡraˈbufka ukaˈzɔva xaˈmufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Grabówka Ukazowa-Hamówka	Gmina Annopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldhamstocks or Aldhamstocks (``old dwelling place'') is a civil parish and small village in the east of East Lothian, Scotland, adjacent to the Scottish Borders.	Oldhamstocks	East Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monteagle Mountain is the local name given to a stretch of Interstate 24 near Monteagle, Tennessee that passes over the Cumberland Plateau.	Monteagle Mountain	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	After WWII, it joined the U.S. Army Transportation Corps until 1947 when the Corps of Engineers transferred the tug to Kewaunee, Wisconsin and then renamed it the Tug Ludington.	Tug Ludington	Kewaunee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guarene is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located in the area of Roero about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southeast of Turin and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Cuneo.	Guarene	Province of Cuneo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Moore, north of the Village of Tangipahoa near Kentwood, Louisiana, was a Confederate training base and principal base of operations in eastern Louisiana and southwestern Mississippi.	Camp Moore	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drwęsa (ˈdrvɛnsa) (or Drwęca) (ˈdrvɛnt͡sa) (German: Tannenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Drwęsa	Gmina Dopiewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neill-Wycik Co-operative College, located in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is a student residence with over 700 rooms, accommodating students of many of the colleges and universities in the city.	Neill-Wycik	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benejúzar (Spanish pronunciation: (beneˈxuθar)) is a town and municipality located in the comarca of Vega Baja del Segura, in the province of Alicante, Spain.	Benejúzar	Vega Baja del Segura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anhua County (simplified Chinese: 安化县; traditional Chinese: 安化縣; pinyin: Ānhuà Xiàn) is under the administration of Yiyang, Hunan province, China.	Anhua County	Yiyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunnyledge (former McClelland House) at 5124 Fifth Avenue in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1886.	Sunnyledge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto de Galinhas is a beach in the municipality of Ipojuca, Pernambuco, Brazil.	Porto de Galinhas	Ipojuca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lyman School for Boys was established by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts about 1886 and was closed in 1971.	Lyman School for Boys	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qingzhou (Chinese: 青州; Pinyin: Qīngzhōu), formerly Yidu County (益都县), is a county-level city, which is located in the west of Weifang City, Shandong Province, China.	Qingzhou	Weifang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windmill Quaker State is a historic service station located at Parkersburg, Wood County, West Virginia.	Windmill Quaker State	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musikhuset Aarhus was designed by Kjær & Richter and built in 1979-1982, commissioned by Aarhus Municipality.	Musikhuset Aarhus	Aarhus Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasirabad (Persian: كثيراباد‎, also Romanized as Kas̄īrābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kasirabad	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casstown Lutheran Stone Church is a historic former church building in the village of Casstown, Ohio, United States.	Casstown Lutheran Stone Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camden Snow Bowl is a small, community-owned ski area in Camden, Maine.	Camden Snow Bowl	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Rash-e Bazan (Persian: ده رش بازان‎, Sorani Kurdish: دێرەشی بازان, also Romanized as Deh Rash-e Bāzān; also known as Deh Rash) is a village in Bazan Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh Rash-e Bazan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bell Witch Cave is a karst cave located in Adams, Tennessee near where the Bell Farm once stood.	Bell Witch Cave	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queen's Nympton or Queensnympton is a small civil parish in the North Devon district of Devon, England.	Queen's Nympton	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Kaberi (Persian: ده كبري‎, also Romanized as Deh Kaberī) is a village in Negar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Kaberi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAEG is a commercial smooth jazz radio station in Evans, Georgia, broadcasting to the Augusta, Georgia area.	WAEG	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fifehead Magdalen is a small village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southern England.	Fifehead Magdalen	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burwell-Holland House is a historic plantation home located near Glade Hill, Franklin County, Virginia.	Burwell-Holland House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Nelson (Parker Lake) Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CER9), is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) west northwest of Fort Nelson, British Columbia, Canada.	Fort Nelson (Parker Lake) Water Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cannon Corners-Covey Hill Border Crossing connects the towns of Havelock, Quebec to Mooers Forks, New York.	Cannon Corners-Covey Hill Border Crossing	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanduqabad (Persian: صندوق آباد‎, also Romanized as Şandūqābād; also known as Şandoqābād, and Saufīlābād) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District, Chaharduli District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sanduqabad	Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marlton House, or the Hotel Marlton as it was known for most of its existence, is located at 5 West 8th Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues, in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Marlton House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khardiha is a village in the Karail area of the Mohammadabad tehsil in Ghazipur district, Uttar Pradesh, India.It has population of 2672(2) as per 2011 Census.	Khardiha	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heckscher State Parkway (formerly known as the Heckscher Spur) is an 8.24-mile-long (13.26 km) parkway on Long Island, New York, in the United States.	Heckscher State Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crawford Notch is the steep and narrow gorge of the Saco River in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, located almost entirely within the town of Hart's Location.	Crawford Notch	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairmount Park Racetrack is a horse racing track in Collinsville, Illinois, a part of the St. Louis metropolitan area.	Fairmount Park Racetrack	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kherreh Siah (Persian: خره سياه‎‎, also Romanized as Kherreh Sīāh, Kharreh Seyāh, and Kharreh Sīāh) is a village in Zagheh Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kherreh Siah	Zagheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	General Las Heras Partido is a small partido in the north east of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.	General Las Heras Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rhododendron Species Foundation and Botanical Garden (22 acres) is a nonprofit botanical garden specializing in rhododendrons, located at 2525 South 336th Street, Federal Way, Washington.	Rhododendron Species Foundation and Botanical Garden	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radzyń-Wieś (ˈrad͡zɨɲ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Radzyń-Wieś	Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cyrus Hoopes House and Barn is a historic home and barn located in West Marlborough Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Cyrus Hoopes House and Barn	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelar Deh (Persian: كلارده‎, also Romanized as Kelār Deh) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kelar Deh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stiefelhöhe is an Odenwald mountain of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Stiefelhöhe	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawley Field is a baseball field in Morgantown, West Virginia, United States.	Hawley Field	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wester Aberchalder is a small village, situated on the south shore of Loch Mhòr, lying on the Aberchalder Burn, which flows into the loch, in Gorthleck, Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Wester Aberchalder	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Wister is a reservoir in Le Flore County, in southeast Oklahoma.	Lake Wister	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borovan (Bulgarian: Борован, pronounced (buruˈvan)) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vratsa Province.	Borovan	Vratsa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Parter Mazar (Persian: پشت پرترمزار‎, also Romanized as Posht Parter Mazār) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Posht Parter Mazar	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karafs (Persian: كرفس‎, also Romanized as Krafs) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District, Qorveh-e Darjazin District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Karafs	Darjazin-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blomstermåla is a locality situated in Mönsterås Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 1,527 inhabitants in 2010.	Blomstermåla	Mönsterås Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cimone (German: Tschimun) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 10 kilometres (6 mi) southwest of Trento.	Cimone	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzięgielów (German: Dzingelau) is a village in Gmina Goleszów, Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Dzięgielów	Gmina Goleszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Gate Park, located in San Francisco, California, United States, is a large urban park consisting of 1,017 acres (412 ha) of public grounds.	Golden Gate Park	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mengjiazhuang (Chinese: 孟家庄镇) is a township-level division of Pingshan County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Mengjiazhuang	Pingshan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boyd-Harvey House is an historic home located at 1321 Harvey Road in west Knox County, Tennessee.	Boyd-Harvey House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulatowo-Pogorzel (ulaˈtɔvɔ pɔˈɡɔʐɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ulatowo-Pogorzel	Gmina Jednorożec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glascwm (English: Glascome) is a civil parish in the upper Edw valley in Powys, Wales.	Glascwm	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gugala (Persian: گوگ الا‎, also Romanized as Gūgālā; also known as Gū Ālā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Shomalesharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gugala	Charuymaq-e Shomalesharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Poughkeepsie YMCA is on the west side of Market Street near the corner of Church Street (US 44/NY 55) in Poughkeepsie in New York, United States, across from the former New York State Armory.	Old Poughkeepsie YMCA	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	SUNY Broome Community College, or SUNY Broome, is a SUNY two-year college in Broome County, New York.	SUNY Broome Community College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pustkowa Góra (pustˈkɔva ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pustkowa Góra	Gmina Parzęczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Building was a high rise building in Indianapolis, Indiana.	Thomas Building	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapunda is a town on the Light River and near the Barossa Valley in South Australia.	Kapunda	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNDD (107.7 FM), also known as ``107.7 The End'', is an alternative rock radio station in Seattle, Washington.	KNDD	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kearney Public Schools is a school district serving the area of Kearney, Nebraska, United States.	Kearney Public Schools	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sendul (Persian: سندول‎‎, also Romanized as Sendūl) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sendul	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebrahimabad-e Bala Jowayin (Persian: ابراهيم ابادبالاجوين‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Bālā Jowayin and Ebrāhīmābād-e Bālā Joveyn; also known as Ebrāhīmābād, Ibrāhīmābād, and Bāqeyrī) is a village in Zarrin Rural District, Atamalek District, Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ebrahimabad-e Bala Jowayin	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reykandeh (Persian: ريكنده‎, also Romanized as Rīkandeh) is a village in Kuhsaran Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Reykandeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razbin (Persian: رازبين‎, also Romanized as Rāzbīn; also known as Razian) is a village in Mojezat Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Razbin	Mojezat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kawle Górne (ˈkavlɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kawle Górne	Gmina Przodkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wharton Center for Performing Arts is located in East Lansing, Michigan, USA, on the campus of Michigan State University.	Wharton Center for Performing Arts	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady of Mercy High School is a registered historic building in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on March 3, 1980.	Our Lady of Mercy High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rich Field is a former World War I military airfield, located in Waco, Texas, near what is now the intersection of Bosque Boulevard and 41st Street.	Rich Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 650 is a California telephone area code in the San Francisco Bay Area that was split from area code 415 on August 2, 1997.	Area code 650	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grevie och Beden (or Beden-Grevie) is a locality situated in Staffanstorp Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 241 inhabitants in 2010.	Grevie och Beden	Staffanstorp Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall Babineh (Persian: تل بابينه‎, also Romanized as Tall Bābīneh; also known as Bābūneh, Tall Bābūneh, and Tol Bābūneh) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tall Babineh	Charam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andrew J. Landrum House in Santa Clara, California, was built by Andrew J. Landrum, a prominent Santa Clara pioneer.	Andrew J. Landrum House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanehabad (Persian: ونه اباد‎, also Romanized as Vanehābād) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vanehabad	Owch Hacha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Air Force Soccer Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium in Colorado Springs, Colorado on the grounds of the United States Air Force Academy.	Air Force Soccer Stadium	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avalon Peninsula is a large peninsula (9,220 km²) that makes up the southeast portion of the island of Newfoundland.	Avalon Peninsula	Newfoundland
located in the administrative territorial entity	A number of geothermal electricity generation plants are located along the southeastern shore of the Salton Sea in Imperial County.	Salton Sea	Imperial County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée des Blindés or Musée Général Estienne is a tank museum located in the Loire Valley of France, in the town of Saumur.	Musée des Blindés	Saumur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boardwalk Hall, formally known as the Historic Atlantic City Convention Hall, is an arena in Atlantic City, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Boardwalk Hall	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giovanni la Punta (Sicilian: San Giuvanni la Punta) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 8 kilometres (5 mi) northeast of Catania.	San Giovanni la Punta	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patak-e Jalali (Persian: پتك جلالي‎, also Romanized as Patak-e Jalālī; also known as Pelak Jalāli and Penīk) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Patak-e Jalali	Saroleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicolet, Quebec is the county seat of Nicolet-Yamaska Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada.	Nicolet, Quebec	Nicolet-Yamaska Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowshanai (Persian: روشنايي‎, also Romanized as Rowshanā'ī) is a village in Khenejin Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Rowshanai	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilebo, formerly known as Port-Francqui, is a town in Kasaï District, Kasaï-Occidental province in the Democratic Republic of Congo, lying at the highest navigable point of the Kasaï River.	Ilebo	Kasaï District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inks Lake is a reservoir on the Colorado River in the Texas Hill Country in the United States.	Inks Lake	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cove Fort is a fort and historical site located in Millard County, Utah.	Cove Fort	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	United Park, officially the Hunky Dorys Park for sponsorship purposes, is a football stadium in Drogheda, Ireland.	United Park	Drogheda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Regietów (rɛˈɡʲɛtuf) (Ukrainian: Реґетів, Regetiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Regietów	Gmina Uście Gorlickie
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNTY (101.9 The Wolf) is commercial radio station located in Shingle Springs, California, broadcasting to the Sacramento, California, area on 101.9 FM.	KNTY	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Overpeck Creek is a tributary of the Hackensack River, approximately 8 miles (13 km) long, in Bergen County in northeastern New Jersey in the United States.	Overpeck Creek	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duntrune Castle is located on the north side of Loch Crinan and across from the village of Crinan in Argyll, Scotland.	Duntrune Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ross House Museum is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, housed in a log house (constructed 1852--55) that was designated a Winnipeg Landmark Heritage Structure in 1980.	Ross House Museum	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wings Event Center (formerly Wings Stadium) is a 5,113-seat multi-purpose arena located in Kalamazoo, Michigan.	Wings Event Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-ye Hashemabad (Persian: دهنوهاشم اباد‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-ye Hāshemābād; also known as Hāshemābād and Deh Now-ye Hāshem) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh Now-ye Hashemabad	Ordughesh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wythenshawe Hall is a 16th-century medieval timber-framed historic house and former stately home in Wythenshawe, Manchester, England.	Wythenshawe Hall	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aquatic Park Historic District is a National Historic Landmark and building complex located on the San Francisco Bay waterfront within San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park.	Aquatic Park Historic District	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshen Rural District (Persian: دهستان اشن‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Mehrdasht District, Najafabad County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Eshen Rural District	Mehrdasht District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yellow Breeches Creek, also known as Minnimingo Creek, is a 56.1-mile-long (90.3 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in central Pennsylvania, USA.	Yellow Breeches Creek	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Issey (Cornish: Egloskrug) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Issey	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	No. 12 Hill, or Hung Kom Hill (Chinese: 十二號山), is a hill in between King's Park and Lo Lung Hang, northwest of Hung Hom, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	No. 12 Hill	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gräfingründer Teich, also called Grauer Teich is a reservoir near Straßberg in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Gräfingründer Teich	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gharb-e Karun Rural District (Persian: دهستان غرب كارون‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gharb-e Karun Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hillcrest Historic District in Little Rock, Arkansas encompasses a residential area of the city that was developed between about 1890 and 1940.	Hillcrest Historic District	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health (LRCBH), officially the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health, opened on May 21, 2010 in Las Vegas, Nevada that is operated by the Cleveland Clinic and was designed by the world-renowned architect Frank Gehry.	Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haschiv (Ukrainian: Хащів, Polish: Chaszczów) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Haschiv	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarnowo-Góry (sarˈnɔvɔ ˈɡurɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sarnowo-Góry	Gmina Dzierzążnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place de la Bataille-de-Stalingrad is a square in the 19th arrondissement of Paris.	Place de la Bataille-de-Stalingrad	19th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patriots' Path Council includes Morris, Sussex, Somerset, Union, and Middlesex counties in New Jersey.	Patriots' Path Council	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alezg (Persian: الزگ‎; also known as Alīzq) is a village in Jowshaqan-e Qali Rural District, Qamsar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Alezg	Jowshaqan-e Qali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorramabad District (Persian: بخش خرم‌آباد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khorramabad District	Tonekabon County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ibaji is a Local Government Area in Kogi State, Nigeria in the south of the state separated from Edo State to the west by the Niger River, and bordering Delta State in the south.	Ibaji	Kogi State
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Massacoe Forest Pavilion, located in Stratton Brook State Park in Simsbury, Connecticut, is a picnic shelter that was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC).	Massacoe Forest Pavilion	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Ashley Park is the largest municipal park in Charleston, South Carolina.	West Ashley Park	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Francis Marion National Forest is located north of Charleston, South Carolina.	Francis Marion National Forest	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWVB is a time signal radio station near Fort Collins, Colorado and is operated by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST).	WWVB	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowden (/kaʊˈdɛn/) is a small village and civil parish in the Sevenoaks District of Kent, England.	Cowden	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerzykowice Wielkie (jɛʐɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Großgeorgsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jerzykowice Wielkie	Gmina Lewin Kłodzki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipowiec-Kolonia (liˈpɔvjɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczebrzeszyn, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Lipowiec-Kolonia	Gmina Szczebrzeszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The York Street railway station is a former Canadian Pacific Railway station located on York Street in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.	York Street railway station	Fredericton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Plateau-Mont-Royal is a borough (arrondissement) of the city of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Le Plateau-Mont-Royal	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leylan-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان ليلان شمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Leylan District, Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Leylan-e Shomali Rural District	Leylan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingüino de Humboldt National Reserve is a nature reserve located a short distance off the coast of mainland Chile.	Pingüino de Humboldt National Reserve	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozjaty (kɔzˈjatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kozjaty	Gmina Topólka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bailly Cemetery is a cemetery located at the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore in Porter, Indiana, USA.	Bailly Cemetery	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Rock Lakes National Wildlife Refuge is a remote refuge located in the high altitude of the Centennial Valley, in the southwestern region of the U.S. state of Montana.	Red Rock Lakes National Wildlife Refuge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Hood Seaplane Base (ICAO: PALH, FAA LID: LHD) is a state-owned seaplane base located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Lake Hood Seaplane Base	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolanów (bɔˈlanuf) (German: Bohlendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bolanów	Gmina Lubin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Sardar (Persian: قشلاق سردار‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Sardār; also known as Sardār) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Sardar	Khoshkrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pateros High School (grades 9--12) is the only secondary school in the small town of Pateros, Washington.	Pateros High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qwiha is the administrative center of the Enderta woreda.	Qwiha	Enderta woreda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saginaw Bay is a bay within Lake Huron located on the eastern side of the U.S. state of Michigan.	Saginaw Bay	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chibed (Hungarian: Kibéd, Hungarian pronunciation: (kibeːd)) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania, composed of a single village, Chibed.	Chibed	Mureş County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parker Field is a 2,500-seat baseball stadium in the northwest United States, located in Yakima, Washington.	Parker Field	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wattamolla is the name of a cove, lagoon and beach on the New South Wales coast south of Sydney, within the Royal National Park.	Wattamolla	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Sarab (Persian: حسين ابادسراب‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sarāb and Ḩoseynābād Sarāb) is a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Sarab	Beyza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulehbi (Persian: دوله بي‎, also Romanized as Dūlehbī; also known as Dūlābī) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dulehbi	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place des Célestins is a square located in the Célestins quarter, in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.	Place des Célestins	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Richard Davis House, also known as ``Woodside'', is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in the Shady Hills neighborhood just north of Marion, Indiana in 1955.	Dr. Richard Davis House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metropolis at Metrotown (commonly referred to as simply Metrotown or Metro, and formerly known as Metrotown Centre, or Eaton Centre Metrotown) is a shopping mall complex in Metrotown, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.	Metropolis at Metrotown	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Albany was a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia centred on (but not including) the town of Albany about 410 kilometres (255 mi) south-southeast of the capital, Perth and covering an area of 4,280 square kilometres (1,653 sq mi).	Shire of Albany	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barlovci (Serbian Cyrillic: Барловци) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Barlovci	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kearney Air Force Base (IATA: EAR, ICAO: KEAR, FAA LID: EAR), was a military airport located four nautical miles (7 km) northeast of the central business district of Kearney, a city in Buffalo County, Nebraska, United States.	Kearney Air Force Base	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monterey Place, best known as the Shepard House, is a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Monterey Place	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khowban Razgah (Persian: خوبان رزگاه‎, also Romanized as Khowbān Razgāh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khowban Razgah	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hugo Lake is manmade lake located 7 miles (11 km) east of Hugo, in Choctaw County, Oklahoma, USA.	Hugo Lake	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	McQuesten Airport (TC LID: CFP4) is located on the banks of the Stewart River near McQuesten, Yukon, Canada and receives no maintenance.	McQuesten Airport	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crosley Field was a Major League Baseball park located in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Crosley Field	Cincinnati
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverside National Cemetery (RNC) is a cemetery located in Riverside, California, dedicated to the interment of United States military personnel.	Riverside National Cemetery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orosay (Scottish Gaelic: Orasaigh) is a small tidal island in Traigh Mhòr on the north east coast of Barra in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.	Orosay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Antonio di Gallura (Gallurese: Sant' Antòni, Sardinian: Sant' Antòni de Calanzànos) is a municipality in the Province of Olbia-Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 200 kilometres (120 mi) north of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Olbia.	Sant'Antonio di Gallura	Province of Olbia-Tempio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moradbeygi-ye Khalaf (Persian: مرادبيگي خلف‎, also Romanized as Morādbeygī-ye Khalaf; also known as Morādbeygī-ye Kūchek) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Moradbeygi-ye Khalaf	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFBV (90.1 FM) is an American non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Selinsgrove, a borough in Snyder County, Pennsylvania.	WFBV	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khonj County (Persian: شهرستان خنج‎) is a county in Fars Province in Iran.	Khonj County	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amalthea Cellars (pronounced /ˈæməlˈθiːə/ AM-ul-THEE-a) is a winery in the Atco section of Waterford Township in Camden County, New Jersey.	Amalthea Cellars	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushal (Persian: كوشال‎, also Romanized as Kūshāl) is a village in Layalestan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kushal	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seth Seelye House, now the Bethel Public Library, is a historic building at 189 Greenwood Street in Bethel, Connecticut.	Seth Seelye House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basse-Côte-Nord Territory (French: Territoire de la Basse-Côte-Nord, meaning ``lower north shore'') was a territory equivalent to a regional county municipality (TE) in eastern Quebec, Canada.	Basse-Côte-Nord	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holywell (Welsh: Treffynnon) is the fifth largest town in Flintshire, Wales.	Holywell	Flintshire	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Relais is a ski mountain just 15 minutes from downtown Quebec City, Canada.	Le Relais	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Missaglia is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Lecco in the Italian Lombardy region, located at the centre of the area known as the Meratese.	Missaglia	Province of Lecco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adventure City is a theme park located in Anaheim, California near the city of Stanton.	Adventure City	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalfont St Giles is a village and civil parish within Chiltern district in south east Buckinghamshire, England, on the edge of the Chilterns, 25 miles (40 km) from London, and near Seer Green, Jordans, Chalfont St Peter, Little Chalfont and Amersham.	Chalfont St Giles	Chiltern	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruce Peninsula District School is a school in the community of Lion's Head in the municipality of Northern Bruce Peninsula, Bruce County, Ontario, Canada.	Bruce Peninsula District School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pärnu-Jaagupi is a borough (alev) in Pärnu County, Estonia, the administrative centre of Halinga Parish.	Pärnu-Jaagupi	Halinga Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quehanna Wild Area is a wildlife area within parts of Cameron, Clearfield, and Elk counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania; with a total area of 48,186 acres (75 sq mi; 195 km2), it covers parts of Elk and Moshannon State Forests.	Quehanna Wild Area	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordi Kola (Persian: كردي كلا‎, also Romanized as Kordī Kolā) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kordi Kola	Kheyrud Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Addison Transit Center is a bus-only station located along Quorum Drive and Addison Road in Addison, Texas (USA).	Addison Transit Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Barg (Persian: اب برگ‎, also Romanized as Āb Barg) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ab Barg	Shirin Darreh Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHOO is the callsign for Sports Talk 1080 the Team, an AM sports radio station in Orlando, Florida, United States.	WHOO	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Götavirke (Geatish Dyke) are the remains of two parallel defensive walls going from north to south between the villages of Västra Husby (58°29′N 16°10′E) and Hylinge (58°28′N 16°10′E) in Söderköping Municipality, Östergötland, Sweden.	Götavirke	Söderköping Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlottetown-Lewis Point is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island.	Charlottetown-Lewis Point	Prince Edward Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourréac is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France near the city of Lourdes (4,5 km).	Bourréac	Hautes-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Exeter Inn (also known as The Inn at Exeter) is an inn in Exeter, New Hampshire.	Exeter Inn	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Saran District (Persian: بخش چشمه‌ساران‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Saran District	Azadshahr County
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Williamston is a village and community in Pembrokeshire, Wales, in the south of the county, 4 km west of Saundersfoot.	East Williamston	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ford City High School is a midsized, suburban, public high school located in Ford City, Pennsylvania.	Ford City High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District (Persian: دهستان شلال و دشتگل‎ -- Dehestan Shalal va Dasht-e Gol) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorner is a rural village and civil parish in the City of Leeds in West Yorkshire, England, located between Seacroft and Wetherby.	Thorner	Leeds	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان اميرآباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Amirabad Rural District	Muchesh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anna Beir House, built in 1865 by Conrad Beir, is an historic two-story redbrick house located at 214 East 4th Street in Greenville, Ohio.	Anna Beir House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vargahan Rural District (Persian: دهستان ورگهان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vargahan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The old Oconee County Jail was a former jail located on Short Street in Walhalla, South Carolina, in Oconee County.	Oconee County Jail	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qadi Kola-ye Arateh (Persian: قاديكلاارطه‎, also Romanized as Qādī Kolā-ye Araţeh; also known as Qārī Kolā-ye Araţeh) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qadi Kola-ye Arateh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northcutts Cove Chapel in Altamont, Grundy County, Tennessee, is one of the oldest chapels of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the southeastern United States.	Northcutts Cove Chapel	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandon Hall School is metropolitan Atlanta, Georgia's only independent, coeducational, college preparatory day and boarding school serving grades 6-12.	Brandon Hall School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miami Lakes Educational Center (MLEC), sometimes referred to as Miami Lakes Tech or simply Tech, is part of the Miami-Dade County Public Schools system.	Miami Lakes Educational Center	Miami-Dade County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shortly after one raid, Cromer featured as the location for an episode of ``An American In England'', written by Norman Corwin with the narrator staying in the Red Lion Hotel and retelling several local accounts of life in the town at wartime.	Cromer	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podvitez (Serbian: Подвитез) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Podvitez	Pale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamzey Rural District (Persian: دهستان چمزئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chamzey Rural District	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Stewiacke is a small community located in Colchester County in central Nova Scotia.	Upper Stewiacke	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moncton Stadium (French: Stade Moncton) is a track and field stadium on the campus of the Université de Moncton in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada, built to host the IAAF 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics.	Moncton Stadium	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalifeh Baghi (Persian: خليفه باغي‎, also Romanized as Khalīfeh Bāghī) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khalifeh Baghi	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar-e Patak (Persian: درپتك‎; also known as Darb-e Patak) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar-e Patak	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Railroad Park is a 19-acre park in Birmingham, Alabama, that opened in the fall of 2010.	Railroad Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winthrop University, often referred to as Winthrop or WU and formerly known as Winthrop College, is a public, coeducational, liberal arts university located in Rock Hill, South Carolina, United States.	Winthrop University	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jachosze (jaˈxɔʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jachosze	Gmina Biłgoraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puneyeh (Persian: پويينه‎, also Romanized as Pūneyeh) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Puneyeh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarne Górne (ˈt͡ʂarnɛ ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Hochzehren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czarne Górne	Gmina Gardeja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ij Rural District (Persian: دهستان ايج‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Estahban County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ij Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalvaban-e Olya (Persian: دلوابان عليا‎, also Romanized as Dalvābān-e ``Olyā; also known as Dalvābān and Delqābān) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 252, in 47 families.	Dalvaban-e Olya	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Kandar (Persian: چاه كندر‎, also Romanized as Chāh Kandar and Chāh-e Kandār; also known as Chāh-e Kandeh and Chāh Kandeh) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Kandar	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Loredan dell'Ambasciatore is a late 15th-century Gothic palace in Venice, Italy, that once belonged to the noble Loredan family.	Palazzo Loredan dell'Ambasciatore	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chappelle Administration Building, on the campus of Allen University in Columbia, South Carolina, was designed by John Anderson Lankford, known as the ``dean of black architects.''	Chappelle Administration Building	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tareh-ye Nishkarhaft Tappeh (Persian: طرح نيشكرهفت تپه‎, also Romanized as Ţareḥ-ye Nīshkarhaft Tappeh) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tareh-ye Nishkarhaft Tappeh	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cecylówka-Brzózka (t͡sɛt͡sɨˈlufka ˈbʐuska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Cecylówka-Brzózka	Gmina Głowaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	To the south of Forchtenberg the hills rise higher to woodland and the Hohenlohe plateau beyond.	Forchtenberg	Hohenlohe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balvbin (Persian: بلوبين‎, also Romanized as Balvbīn and Balūbīn; also known as Balugan) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District, Halab District, Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Balvbin	Ijrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunnel 57 was a tunnel under the Berlin Wall, that in October of 1964 was the location of a mass escape by 57 East Berlin citizens.	Tunnel 57	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ruin of the Sweet Spring Palace (Chinese: 甘泉宫; pinyin: Gānquán Gōng) is a protected ancient monument located in Chunhua County, Xianyang, Shaanxi Province, Peoples Republic of China.	Sweet Spring Palace	Chunhua County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clifton Furnace is a historic cold blast charcoal furnace located near Clifton Forge, Alleghany County, Virginia.	Clifton Furnace	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Vali-ye Asr 136 (Persian: تلمبه ولي عصر136‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Valī-ye ʿAṣr 136) is a village in Khursand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Vali-ye Asr 136	Khursand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Devil's Gate-Weber Hydroelectric Power Plant was built in 1909-1910 on the Weber River of northeastern Utah, USA, about 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Ogden, Utah.	Devil's Gate-Weber Hydroelectric Power Plant	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viktoria-Luise-Platz is an hexagonal place on Motzstraße in Schöneberg, Berlin.	Viktoria-Luise-Platz	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorham's Cave is a natural sea cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar, considered to be one of the last known habitations of the Neanderthals in Europe.	Gorham's Cave	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schieffelin Hall is a building from the American Old West in Tombstone, Arizona Territory, the largest standing adobe structure still existent in the United States southwest.	Schieffelin Hall	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallett Motor Racing Circuit is a road course about 35 miles (56 km) west of Tulsa in the Green Country of Oklahoma.	Hallett Motor Racing Circuit	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braunlage is a town and health resort in the Goslar district in Lower Saxony in Germany.	Braunlage	Goslar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooks Atkinson Theatre is a Broadway theater located at 256 West 47th Street in Manhattan.	Brooks Atkinson Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackstone College for Girls was a private, religious school for young women in Blackstone, Nottoway County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.	Blackstone College for Girls	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langevåg or Langevågen is the administrative center of Sula Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Langevåg	Sula
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selma High School is a public secondary school in Selma, Alabama, USA, the only public high school Selma City School System.	Selma High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onești (Romanian pronunciation: (oˈneʃtʲ)) is a city in Bacău County, Romania, with a population of 39,172 inhabitants.	Onești	Bacău County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jondan (Persian: جندان‎, also Romanized as Jondān; also known as Jow Dān and Jūdān) is a village in Rudasht-e Sharqi Rural District, Bon Rud District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jondan	Bon Rud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wittighausen is a country town in the district of Main-Tauber in northeast Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Wittighausen	Main-Tauber
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh-e Olya (Persian: كوه عليا‎, also Romanized as Kūh-e ``Olyā) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 97, in 25 families.	Kuh-e Olya	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conrad Savanna Nature Preserve is a 453-acre (183 ha) nature preserve located in Newton County, Indiana, 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south of Lake Village, just west of U.S. 41 on County Road 700 North.	Conrad Savanna Nature Preserve	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landau (Pfalz) Hauptbahnhof (Landau (Pfalz) main station) is the centre of public transport in the city of Landau in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Landau (Pfalz) Hauptbahnhof	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Buk (Persian: چاه بوك‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Būk, Chāh Būk, Chabok, Chāh Bok, and Chāh-e Bok) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Buk	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Pemberton was one of the larger confederate forts was constructed in the defense of Charleston, South Carolina during the American Civil War.	Fort Pemberton	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayuriq (Persian: ايوريق‎, also Romanized as Ayūrīq, Īvrīq, and Yūrīq) is a village in Fuladlui Shomali Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ayuriq	Fuladlui Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ksebki (ˈksɛpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ksebki	Gmina Turośl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadley Green is a 10 hectare Site of Metropolitan Importance for Nature Conservation in Monken Hadley in the London Borough of Barnet.	Hadley Green	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Zereshk (Persian: گودزرشك‎, also Romanized as Gowd Zereshk; also known as Gowdzereshk-e Rāmjerd) is a village in Majdabad Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Zereshk	Majdabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schenley Quadrangle is a cluster of University of Pittsburgh residence halls that is a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmark and are contributing properties to the Schenley Farms National Historic District in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Schenley Quadrangle	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rawy (ˈravɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rawy	Gmina Sypniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caleb R. Ayer House, or Ayer-Swasey House, is an historic house at 7 Main Street in Cornish, Maine, United States.	Caleb R. Ayer House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allegheny County Police Department was established in 1932 by an act of the Allegheny County Board of Commissioners and the Pennsylvania Legislature.	Allegheny County Police Department	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darvish Sara (Persian: درويش سرا‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh Sarā and Darvīshsarā) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darvish Sara	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospect Heights High School, formerly The Girls' Commercial High School, is a defunct comprehensive high school that served the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City from the 1920s to 2006.	Prospect Heights High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Parish Church in Plymouth is a historic Unitarian Universalist church at the base of Burial Hill on the town square off Leyden Street in Plymouth, Massachusetts.	First Parish Church in Plymouth	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roraima (Pemon: roro imã, ``Parrot + Mount(s)'' i.e. ``Green Peak'', Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁoˈɾajmɐ)) is the northernmost and least populated state of Brazil, located in the Amazon region.	Roraima	Brazil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babushkinsky District, Moscow (Russian: Ба́бушкинский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion) of North-Eastern Administrative Okrug, and one of the 125 raions of Moscow, Russia.	Babushkinsky District, Moscow	North-Eastern Administrative Okrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crescent Valley High School, known as CV, is a four-year public secondary school in Corvallis, Oregon, United States.	Crescent Valley High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bratoszewice (bratɔʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bratoszewice	Gmina Stryków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madhorajpura, is an ILRC and village in Phagi Tahsil in Jaipur district, Rajasthan.	Madhorajpura	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tydavnet (Irish: Tigh Damhnata, meaning ``house of Davnet'') is a small village and townland in northern County Monaghan, Ireland, and also the name of the parish in which the village sits.	Tydavnet	County Monaghan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Missouri River Breaks National Monument is a national monument protecting the Missouri Breaks of central Montana, United States, and is managed by the Bureau of Land Management.	Upper Missouri River Breaks National Monument	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chathamattom, a village in Ernakulam District, Kerala, India.	Chathamattom	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baker Municipal Airport (ICAO: KBHK, FAA LID: BHK) is a public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.15 mi, 1.85 km) southeast of the central business district of Baker, a city in Fallon County, Montana, United States.	Baker Municipal Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Espeme is the undergraduate program of the Edhec Business School in Lille, Nice and Paris.	Espeme	Lille
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grey Silo Golf Course is an 18-hole public golf course located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.	Grey Silo Golf Course	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bibiampol (biˈbjampɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bibiampol	Gmina Młodzieszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Rosa-Paradise Peak Wilderness is a protected wilderness area in the southern part of the Santa Rosa Range in Humboldt County, in northern Nevada in the western United States.	Santa Rosa-Paradise Peak Wilderness	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	École Aux quatre vents is a Francophone high school in Dalhousie, New Brunswick, Canada.	École Aux quatre vents	Dalhousie, New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern Branch Elizabeth River is a 14.5-mile-long (23.3 km), primarily tidal river in the U.S. state of Virginia.	Southern Branch Elizabeth River	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Altieri is a palace in Rome, which was the home of the Altieri family in the city.	Palazzo Altieri	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilmington Centre Village Historic District encompasses the historic center of the town of Wilmington, Massachusetts.	Wilmington Centre Village Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paradise Water Tower, of Paradise, Kansas, is a historic Works Progress Administration project of 1938.	Paradise Water Tower	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pioneer State Bank No. 36 is a bank building located at 4046 Huron Street (M-90) in the village of North Branch in North Branch Township in northern Lapeer County, Michigan.	Pioneer State Bank No. 36	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filergan (Persian: فيلرگان‎, also Romanized as Fīlergān; also known as Fīlevarjān, Fīlūrjān, and Pīlergān) is a village in Sohr va Firuzan Rural District, Pir Bakran District, Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Filergan	Sohr va Firuzan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parroha is a town in Sainamaina Municipality in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.	Parroha	Rupandehi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Shah Kol (Persian: حسين ابادشهكل‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Shah Kol; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseynābād-e Shah Gol) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Shah Kol	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somió is a parish (parroquia rural in Spanish) of the municipality of Gijón / Xixón, in Asturias, Spain.	Somió	Gijón
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motułka (mɔˈtuu̯ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Motułka	Gmina Sztabin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baltimore Public Works Museum was located at 751 Eastern Avenue, Pier 7 of the Inner Harbor, Baltimore, Maryland.	Baltimore Public Works Museum	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miss Traill's House is a property at 321 Russell Street, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia, was built in 1845 by Reverend Thomas Sharpe.	Miss Traill's House	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Max Patch is a bald mountain on the North Carolina-Tennessee Border in Madison County, North Carolina and Cocke County, Tennessee.	Max Patch	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schoolcraft State Park is a state park of Minnesota, USA, on the banks of the Mississippi River near Grand Rapids and Deer River.	Schoolcraft State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elsie Inglis Memorial Hospital (officially Elsie Inglis Memorial Maternity Hospital) was a hospital in Abbeyhill, Edinburgh, Scotland, and was founded in 1925 as a memorial to Elsie Inglis.	Elsie Inglis Memorial Hospital	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osku County (Persian: شهرستان اسکو‎) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran and in the vicinity of Tabriz.	Osku County	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIXN (1460 AM) is a radio station licensed to Dixon, Illinois, covering Northern Illinois, including Dixon, Sterling, and Rock Falls.	WIXN	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harundale Mall, the first enclosed shopping mall on the East Coast, was located in Glen Burnie, Maryland, United States at the intersection of Ritchie Highway and Aquahart Road.	Harundale Mall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesachie Lake is an unincorporated community in the Cowichan Valley region of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Mesachie Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gehurmordeh-ye Silab (Persian: گهورمرده سيلاب‎, also Romanized as Gehūrmordeh-ye Sīlāb; also known as Gowhar Mordeh) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gehurmordeh-ye Silab	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boone's Cave Park is a 110-acre county park located near Lexington, North Carolina It was established in 1909 by the Daniel Boone Memorial Association.	Boone's Cave Park	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lgota Wolbromska (ˈlɡɔta vɔlˈbrɔmska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lgota Wolbromska	Gmina Wolbrom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mary Todd Lincoln House at 578 West Main Street in Lexington, Kentucky, USA, was the family home of Mary Todd, the future first lady and wife of the 16th President, Abraham Lincoln.	Mary Todd Lincoln House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sedgley is an area in the north of the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley, in the West Midlands, England.	Sedgley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avalon Dam is a small dam on the Pecos River about 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Carlsbad, New Mexico, United States.	Avalon Dam	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phra Bat (Thai: พระบาท) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lampang District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 21838 people.	Phra Bat	Mueang Lampang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrovodica (Serbian: Доброводица) is a village in the municipality of Batočina, Serbia.	Dobrovodica	Batočina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Najafdar (Persian: نجفدر‎, also Romanized as Nejafdar) is a village in Doboluk Rural District, Arjomand District, Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Najafdar	Doboluk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Outlying Field San Nicolas Island or NOLF San Nicolas Island (ICAO: KNSI, FAA LID: NSI) is a military airport located on San Nicolas Island, in Ventura County, California.	Naval Outlying Field San Nicolas Island	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zerba is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Piacenza in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) west of Bologna and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Piacenza.	Zerba	Province of Piacenza
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXVW (1450 AM) is a radio station licensed to Jeffersonville, Indiana, serving the Louisville, Kentucky, area.	WXVW	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narnaul (Hindi: नारनौल) is a city, a municipal council and headquarters of the Mahendragarh district in the Indian state of Haryana.	Narnaul	Mahendragarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The site of Moor End Castle (historically known as Moreende) is situated opposite Moor End Farm, along Moor End Road in the civil parish of Yardley Gobion, within the historic county of Northamptonshire (the Modern Authority of Northamptonshire, the pre-Local Government Act 1972 county of Northamptonshire).	Moor End Castle	Northamptonshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imanlu (Persian: ايمانلو‎, also Romanized as Īmānlū) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Imanlu	Hendudur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBDF (107.7 FM) was an American radio station serving the community of Diamond Lake, Oregon.	KBDF	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oziębłów (ɔˈʑembwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baćkowice, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Oziębłów	Gmina Baćkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deyvand (Persian: ديوند‎, also Romanized as Dehvand; also known as Sān Choqā-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 117, in 25 families.	Deyvand	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donna's Ranch is a legal, licensed brothel located in Nevada, United States.	Donna's Ranch	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churchdown is a village in Gloucestershire, England, situated between Gloucester and Cheltenham in the south of the Tewkesbury Borough.	Churchdown	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morteza Gerd (Persian: مرتضی گرد‎, also Romanized as Morteẕá Gerd) is a village in Khalazir Rural District, Aftab District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Morteza Gerd	Khalazir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abergwydol is a village in the Welsh principal area of Powys located on the A489 road between Cemmaes Road and Penegoes.	Abergwydol	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulab-e Bala (Persian: دولاب بالا‎, also Romanized as Dūlāb-e Bālā; also known as Dūlāb) is a village in Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dulab-e Bala	Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shieldfield is a small area of Newcastle upon Tyne located just to the east of the City Centre, from which it is separated by the A167(M) Central Motorway.	Shieldfield	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alasht (Persian: آلاشت or الشت‎‎, meaning Eagle Sanctuary, also Romanized as Ālāsht) is a city in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Alasht	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mackenzie Castle (Italian: Castello Mackenzie) is a historical manor in the Castelletto quarter of Genoa, northern Italy.	Mackenzie Castle	Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uzlovaya (Russian: Узлова́я) is a town and the administrative center of Uzlovsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia.	Uzlovaya	Uzlovsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamukumchery is a village located in Pathanapuram in Kollam district of Kerala, India.	Kamukumchery	Kollam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Normanby River, comprising the East Normanby River, the West Normanby River, the East Normanby River North Branch, the East Normanby River South Branch and the Granite Normanby River, is a river system located in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Normanby River	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Ban (Persian: تنگ بن‎; also known as Bejak-e Bon) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tang-e Ban	Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shabili (Persian: شبيلي‎, also Romanized as Shabīlī) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shabili	Buzi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward Alexander Kelley Hackett House is a historic Craftsman-style house in the Pico-Union neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Edward Alexander Kelley Hackett House	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiechetki Duże (vjɛˈxɛtki ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wiechetki Duże	Gmina Bielany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Õhu is a village in Varbla Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia.	Õhu	Varbla Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koregaon is a census town and headquarters for the surrounding Koregaon Taluka in the Satara subdivision of Satara district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Koregaon	Satara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatarowce (tataˈrɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tatarowce	Gmina Zabłudów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duggunta is a small village or hamlet (Panchayath) in Podalakur Mandal in Spsr Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh State, India.	Duggunta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang Divar (Persian: سنگديوار‎, also Romanized as Sang Dīvār; also known as Sangetown, Sangīfān, and Sangyufan) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sang Divar	Hezarmasjed Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Store Hellstugutinden is a mountain in Lom, Oppland, Norway and is in the mountain range Jotunheimen.	Store Hellstugutinden	Lom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadzidłowa (kad͡ʑiˈdwɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kadzidłowa	Gmina Grabów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neustetten is a municipality in the district of Tübingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany	Neustetten	Tübingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaudynki (ɡauˈdɨnki) (German: Pappelheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gaudynki	Gmina Orzysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Darb-e Vosta (Persian: پشت درب وسطي‎, also Romanized as Posht Darb-e Vostá; also known as Dareynak and Darnīk) is a village in Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District, Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Posht Darb-e Vosta	Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqcheh Aqashli (Persian: آقچه آقاشلي‎, also Romanized as Āqcheh Āqāshlī, Āqcheh Āghāshlī, and Āqcheh Āghāchlī) is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aqcheh Aqashli	Golidagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Tipperary (Irish: Contae Thiobraid Árann) is a county in Ireland.	County Tipperary	Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marotiri is a group of four uninhabited volcanic rocks protruding from the sea (and several submerged rocks), forming the southeastern end of the Austral Islands of French Polynesia.	Marotiri	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kokri Buttran is a village in the Moga district of the Punjab, India.	Kokri Buttran	Moga district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riordan Clinic is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) nutrition-based health facility located in Wichita, Kansas at 3100 N. Hillside.	Riordan Clinic	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Darui (Persian: چشمه داروئي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Darū’ī) is a village in Esmaili Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Darui	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torcé (Breton: Tourc'heg, Gallo: Torczae) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Torcé	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arzet (Persian: ارضت‎, also Romanized as Arẕet; also known as Erzer) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Arzet	Shohada Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kynuna is a town in north-west Queensland, Australia, on the banks of the Diamantina River.	Kynuna	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartang-e Tomanak (Persian: سرتنگ تمنك‎) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sartang-e Tomanak	Pataveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zielony Dół (ʑeˈlɔnɨ ˈduu̯) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zielony Dół	Gmina Krokowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Chili-ye Darshahi (Persian: دره چلي دارشاهي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Chīlī-ye Dārshāhī; also known as Darreh Chīlī) is a village in Dana Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Chili-ye Darshahi	Dana Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katwa I (community development block) (Bengali: কাটোয়া I সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক) is an administrative division in Katwa subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Katwa I (community development block)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esbjerg Municipality (Danish pronunciation: (ˈɛsˌbjaɐ̯ˀ)) is a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region of Southern Denmark on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in southwest Denmark.	Esbjerg Municipality	Region of Southern Denmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vosketap (Armenian: Ոսկետափ, formerly known as Shirazlu and Shiraz) is a major village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Vosketap	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mszczyczyn (ˈmʂt͡ʂɨt͡ʂɨn) (German: Wiesenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mszczyczyn	Gmina Dolsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hull Arena (originally Humberside Ice Arena) is an ice rink, in the city of Kingston upon Hull, England.	Hull Arena	Kingston upon Hull
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baffin Mountains are a mountain range running along the northeastern coast of Baffin Island and Bylot Island, Nunavut are part of the Arctic Cordillera.	Baffin Mountains	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon-e Gonbad (Persian: بن گنبد‎, also Romanized as Bon Gonbad; also known as Bān Gonbad, Bankunbad, and Boneh Gonbad) is a village in Malmir Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Bon-e Gonbad	Malmir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalmin (Persian: كلمين‎, also Romanized as Kalmīn; also known as Galīn) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kalmin	Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deflected Jets is a public artwork by American artist Guido Peter Brink located on the Fire Engine Company #29 grounds, which is at 3529 South 84th Street in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.	Deflected Jets	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuh Medad (Persian: توه مدد‎, also Romanized as Tūh Medad) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tuh Medad	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbour Town Golf Links is a public golf course located in Sea Pines Plantation on Hilton Head Island in Beaufort County, South Carolina.	Harbour Town Golf Links	Hilton Head Island	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altorricón (Spanish: (altoriˈkon)) or El Torricó (Catalan: (əɫ turiˈko), locally: (aɫ toriˈko)) is a municipality located in the comarca of La Litera/La Llitera in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Altorricón	La Litera
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stuart Range is a mountain range in central Washington, USA.	Stuart Range	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trail Dust Town is a historical outdoor shopping center located in Tucson, Arizona.	Trail Dust Town	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seroczyńszczyzna (sɛrɔt͡ʂɨɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Seroczyńszczyzna	Gmina Krynki
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBZ-FM is a sports radio station known as ``98.5 The Sports Hub'' and broadcasting on 98.5 MHz in Boston, Massachusetts.	WBZ-FM	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gamshag is a mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol whose summit reaches a height of 2,178 m above sea level (AA).	Gamshag	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azad Kin (Persian: ازادكين‎, also Romanized as Āzād Kīn) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Azad Kin	Khoshkrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXAV serves the south and southwest side of Chicago, Illinois and its surrounding suburbs.	WXAV	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyglu (Persian: بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Beyglū and Bayglū; also known as Baygehlū) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District, Ilkhchi District, Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Beyglu	Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McAllen Convention Center is a 174,000-square-foot (16,200 m2) multi-purpose convention center in McAllen, Texas, USA with a seating capacity of 3,500.	McAllen Convention Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stowe's Hill is an elongated hill, 381 metres (1,250 ft) high, located on the eastern edge of Bodmin Moor in the county of Cornwall, England.	Stowe's Hill	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appletreewick is a small village and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England; situated 12 miles (19 km) north-east of Skipton.	Appletreewick	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raipura is a town which comes under the jurisdiction of Panna district, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Raipura	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowshan Kuh (Persian: روشنكوه‎, also Romanized as Rowshan Kūh) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rowshan Kuh	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finger Lakes Community College, often abbreviated FLCC, is a college affiliated with the State University of New York.	Finger Lakes Community College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oblewo (ɔˈblɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Oblewo	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chan Taki (Persian: چنتكي‎, also Romanized as Chan Takī; also known as Cham Takī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chan Taki	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agalawatte is a town in Kalutara District of Sri Lanka, and is an electoral division.	Agalawatte	Kalutara District
located in the administrative territorial entity	King William Island (previously: King William Land; Inuktitut: Qikiqtaq) is an island in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut and forms part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.	King William Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iclănzel (Hungarian: Kisikland, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkiʃiklɒnd)) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania.	Iclănzel	Mureş County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gillies Range is a section of the chain of summits south of Cairns that separate the Far North Queensland coastal plain from the interior Atherton Tableland.	Gillies Range	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cichawy (t͡ɕiˈxavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Cichawy	Gmina Sońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuqur (Persian: چوقور‎, also Romanized as Chūqūr) is a village in Gilvan Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Chuqur	Gilvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edness K. Wilkins State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area on the North Platte River 6 miles (9.7 km) east of the city of Casper in Natrona County, Wyoming.	Edness K. Wilkins State Park	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halifax West (French: Halifax-Ouest) is a federal electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1979.	Halifax West	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Royal Range is a mountain range in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Royal Range	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carlyle Restaurant, formerly Dumonet at the Carlyle, is a Contemporary American cuisine restaurant located at 35 East 76th Street (at Madison Ave), in the back of the Carlyle Hotel, on the Upper East Side in Manhattan, in New York City.	Carlyle Restaurant	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandul (Persian: بندول‎, also Romanized as Bandūl; also known as Bandol) is a village in Dezli Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bandul	Dezli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartow Arena is an 8,508-seat multi-purpose arena in Birmingham, in the U.S. state of Alabama.	Bartow Arena	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The War Eagle Bridge, a one lane steel bridge built in 1907, adjoins the War Eagle Mill, and carries County Route 98 over War Eagle Creek in Benton County, Arkansas.	War Eagle Bridge	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Like other villages in Dhule district, the women of Chaugaon can be seen wearing a number of ornaments.	Chaugaon	Dhule district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turner-White Casket Co. Building was a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Turner-White Casket Co. Building	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butler County Regional Airport (IATA: HAO, ICAO: KHAO, FAA LID: HAO) (Hogan Field) is at 2820 Airport Road East in Hamilton, Ohio.	Butler County Regional Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaqub Zehi (Persian: يعقوب زهي‎, also Romanized as Ya``qūb Zehī) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 470, in 82 families.	Yaqub Zehi	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torre delle Milizie (``Tower of the Militia'') is a fortified tower in Rome, Italy, located between the Trajan's Market in the Imperial fora to the east and the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, Angelicum to the west.	Torre delle Milizie	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Epstein School is an independent Jewish day school located in Sandy Springs, Georgia for children from 18 months through eighth grade and is a member of the Solomon Schechter Day School Association.	The Epstein School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niyanj (Persian: نينج‎, also Romanized as Nīyanj and Neyanj) is a village in Razan Rural District, in the Central District of Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Niyanj	Razan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Orleans (/nuː ˈɔːrlɪnz/, /nuː ˈɔːrliənz/, /nuː ɔːrˈliːnz/, or /ˈnɔːrlənz/; French: La Nouvelle-Orléans (la nuvɛlɔʁleɑ̃)) is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana.	New Orleans	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berahma (Persian: برهما‎, also Romanized as Berahmā, Barāmu, Barumo, Bārūmū, and Bormā) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Berahma	Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witunia (viˈtuɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Witunia	Gmina Więcbork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Chaneh (Persian: ده چانه‎, also Romanized as Deh Chāneh; also known as Deh-i-Chunāi) is a village in Kamazan-e Vosta Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Deh Chaneh	Kamazan-e Vosta Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glen Oak Hotel is a historic hotel building located at Hurlock, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.	Glen Oak Hotel	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yumoridash (Persian: يومري داش‎, also Romanized as Yūmorīdāsh, Yūmorī Dāsh, Yūmrī Dāsh, Yoomeridash, and Yūmerī Dāsh; also known as Yumeru Dasht, Yūmūrīdāsh, and Yūmūry Dasht) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yumoridash	Baba Jik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Londontown Manufacturing Company, Inc., also known as Meadow Mill, is a historic cotton mill complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Londontown Manufacturing Company, Inc.	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birney Safety Streetcar No. 224 is a streetcar (or trolley) in Fort Smith, Arkansas, listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.	Birney Safety Streetcar No. 224	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghost Site Mounds (16 TE 18) is an archaeological site in Tensas Parish, Louisiana with an Early to Middle Coles Creek culture component (700--1200 CE) and a Late Coles Creek to Plaquemine culture component (1200 to 1541 CE).	Ghost Site Mounds	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The China National Tea Museum (Chinese: 中国茶叶博物馆; pinyin: Zhōngguó Cháyè Bówùguǎn) is located in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China.	China National Tea Museum	Hangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baker Woodframe Elevator is a historic grain elevator in Baker, Oklahoma.	Baker Woodframe Elevator	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarochów (jaˈrɔxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jarochów	Gmina Daszyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vezzano Ligure is a comune (municipality) in the Province of La Spezia in the Italian region of Liguria, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southeast of Genoa and about 7 kilometres (4 mi) northeast of La Spezia.	Vezzano Ligure	Province of La Spezia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Kumińskie (ˈbudɨ kuˈmiɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Kumińskie	Gmina Jakubów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wetyn (ˈvɛtɨn) (German Wettin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wetyn	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojciechowo Wielkie (vɔi̯t͡ɕɛˈxɔvɔ ˈvʲɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wojciechowo Wielkie	Gmina Syców
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chehalem Mountain Heliport (FAA LID: 1OR1) is a private Heliport located 4 miles north of Newberg in Washington County, Oregon, USA.	Chehalem Mountain Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Süleymaniye Mosque (Turkish: Süleymaniye Camii, Turkish pronunciation: (sylejˈmaːnije)) is an Ottoman imperial mosque located on the Third Hill of Istanbul, Turkey.	Süleymaniye Mosque	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Side Trolley Tunnel is a tunnel in Providence, Rhode Island, originally built for trolley use in 1914, and now used for public transit buses.	East Side Trolley Tunnel	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel J. Malarkey House is a historic house located in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Daniel J. Malarkey House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artpace is a non-profit contemporary art gallery located in San Antonio, Texas, United States, founded by Linda Pace.	Artpace	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morelli House at 861 East Bridger Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada is listed on the city, state and National Register of Historic Places.	Morelli House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingyi County (Chinese: 平邑县; Pinyin: Píngyì Xiàn) is a county under charge of Linyi City, Shandong Province of China.	Pingyi County	Linyi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfara de la Baronia (previously Alfara d'Algímia) is a municipality in the comarca of Camp de Morvedre in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Alfara de la Baronia	Camp de Morvedre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caswell Memorial State Park is a state park of California, USA, preserving a riparian forest along the Stanislaus River.	Caswell Memorial State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonesboro Airport (FAA LID: F88) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Jonesboro, a city in Jackson Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Jonesboro Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles Grimes Bridge is a twin road bridge that carries the Docklands Highway over the Yarra River in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Charles Grimes Bridge	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiukecheh (Persian: تيوكچه‎, also Romanized as Tīūkecheh) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Tiukecheh	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blyde River Canyon is a significant natural feature of South Africa, located in Mpumalanga, and forming the northern part of the Drakensberg escarpment.	Blyde River Canyon	Mpumalanga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westdale Secondary School is a public high school founded in 1931 in Hamilton, Ontario.	Westdale Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spy Pond, also known as Spie Pond in the 17th & 18th centuries, is a 103-acre (0.42 km2) kettle hole pond located near the heart of Arlington, Massachusetts, adjacent to the Minuteman Bikeway.	Spy Pond	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langston Golf Course is an 18-hole golf course in Washington, D.C., established in 1939.	Langston Golf Course	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Clerk Maxwell Telescope (JCMT) is a submillimetre-wavelength telescope at Mauna Kea Observatory in Hawaii.	James Clerk Maxwell Telescope	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marcinkowo Dolne (mart͡ɕiŋˈkɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Marcinkowo Dolne	Gmina Gąsawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velké Němčice (German: Groß Niemtschitz) is a small town (městys) in Břeclav District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Velké Němčice	Břeclav District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakian (Persian: بكيان‎, also Romanized as Bakiān, Bakīān, and Bakyān) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bakian	Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strand Historic District, also known as the Strand District, in downtown Galveston, Texas (USA), is a National Historic Landmark District of mainly Victorian era buildings that now house restaurants, antique stores, and curio shops.	Strand Historic District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catholic High School of Pointe Coupee is a Catholic Interparochial school in New Roads, Louisiana.	Catholic High School of Pointe Coupee	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cacanin (t͡saˈt͡sanin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Cacanin	Gmina Frampol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salou (Catalan pronunciation: (səˈɫɔw)) is a municipality of the comarca of Tarragonès, in the province of Tarragona, in Catalonia, Spain.	Salou	Tarragonès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherryvalley is an electoral ward of Belfast City Council, Northern Ireland.	Cherryvalley	Belfast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darandash (Persian: دارانداش‎, also Romanized as Dārāndāsh; also known as Tarandash) is a village in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darandash	Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tour Philippe-le-Bel (English: Tower of Philip the Fair) is a medieval tower in Villeneuve-lès-Avignon which marked the French terminus of the Saint-Bénézet Bridge across the Rhone between the Kingdom of France and Papal territory of Avignon.	Tour Philippe-le-Bel	Villeneuve-lès-Avignon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flowers Hall, built in 1972, is a 4,000-seat multipurpose arena located in Florence, Alabama.	Flowers Hall	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Theological University of the Reformed Churches (Dutch: Theologische Universiteit Kampen van de Gereformeerde Kerken) is a theological seminary in the Dutch city of Kampen.	Theological University of the Reformed Churches	Kampen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Bear Road, officially Forest Service Road 648, is a notorious jeep trail that starts from 11,018-foot (3,358 m) summit of Red Mountain Pass on U.S. Highway 550 (between Ouray and Silverton) to Telluride, Colorado.	Black Bear Road	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madeira Park is an unincorporated community in the area of Pender Harbour on the Sunshine Coast of southwest British Columbia, Canada.	Madeira Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Jay College of Criminal Justice (John Jay) is a senior college of the City University of New York in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	John Jay College of Criminal Justice	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKNI-FM (``Eagle 105.3'') is a commercial classic rock music radio station in Seward, Alaska, broadcasting on 105.3 FM.	KKNI-FM	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Andrew Parish, Cumberland is one of the 57 parishes of Cumberland County, New South Wales, a cadastral unit for use on land titles.	St Andrew Parish, Cumberland	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonzi is a village in Homalin Township, Hkamti District, in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.Tonzi has a history of gold mining.	Tonzi	Hkamti District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Twenty-Five-Foot Space Simulator is an 85-foot-high (26 m) stainless-steel cylinder at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, that is 27 feet (8.2 m) in diameter.	Twenty-Five-Foot Space Simulator	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domanów (dɔˈmanuf) (German: Thomasdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marciszów, within Kamienna Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Domanów	Gmina Marciszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Webb-Deane-Stevens Museum, located in Wethersfield, Connecticut, is owned and operated by The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America in Connecticut.	Webb-Deane-Stevens Museum	Wethersfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benedictine College is a co-educational university in Atchison, Kansas, United States, founded in 1971 by the merger of St. Benedict's College for men and Mount St. Scholastica College for women.	Benedictine College	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzyżówka (stʂɨˈʐufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Strzyżówka	Gmina Drelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandijan (Persian: كنديجان‎, also Romanized as Kandījān; also known as Kandenjān and Kangān Jān) is a village in Posht Par Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kandijan	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramree Township (Burmese: ရမ်းဗြဲမြို့နယ်) is a township of Kyaukpyu District in the Rakhine State of Myanmar.	Ramree Township	Kyaukpyu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Confederate Monument in Danville, located between Centre College and the First Presbyterian Church at the corner of Main and College Streets in Danville, Kentucky's McDowell Park, is a monument dedicated to the Confederate States of America that is on the National Register of Historic Places.	Confederate Monument in Danville	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skipness Castle stands on the east side of the Kintyre Peninsula in Scotland near the village of Skipness.	Skipness Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood (/ˈhɒliwʊd/ HOL-ee-wuud) is a neighborhood in the central region of Los Angeles, California.	Hollywood	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry's Knob is a mountain and Superfund Alternative Site in York County South Carolina at 1,120 ft (340 m) above sea level.	Henry's Knob	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Kobyla (ˈvulka kɔˈbɨla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Kobyla	Gmina Skórzec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Qushin (Persian: قلعه قوشين‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Qūshīn) is a village in Raz Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 161, in 34 families.	Qaleh-ye Qushin	Raz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heart Peaks, originally known as the Heart Mountains, is a mountain massif in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Heart Peaks	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazuiyeh Cheshmeh Khandali (Persian: گزوئيه چشمه خندلي‎, also Romanized as Gazū’īyeh Cheshmeh Khandalī; also known as Gazū’īyeh) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gazuiyeh Cheshmeh Khandali	Lalehzar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krze Duże (ˈkʂɛ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krze Duże	Gmina Radziejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pfleger Family Houses are a pair of adjacent historic residences in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Pfleger Family Houses	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harariz (Persian: هرايرز‎, also Romanized as Harārīz; also known as Harāyrez) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Harariz	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockport Reservoir, also called Wanship Reservoir, is a reservoir in Summit County, Utah, United States.	Rockport Reservoir	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coso Range of eastern California is located immediately south of Owens Lake (dry), east of the Sierra Nevada, and west of the Argus Range.	Coso Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Falls/Morrison County Airport (ICAO: KLXL, FAA LID: LXL), also known as Lindbergh Field, is a public airport located two miles (3 km) south of the central business district of Little Falls, a city in Morrison County, Minnesota, United States.	Little Falls/Morrison County Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hondros College of Business is a for-profit college headquartered in Westerville, Ohio, offering accelerated career entry programs and continuing education.	Hondros College of Business	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guriyeh (Persian: گوريه‎, also Romanized as Gūrīyeh and Gūreyeh) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Guriyeh	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarhangcheh (Persian: سرهنگچه‎) is a village in Garmsir Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sarhangcheh	Garmsir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Idyl, an oval-shaped lake, is a natural freshwater lake in northeast Winter Haven, Florida.	Lake Idyl	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanji (Korean pronunciation: (jʌnɡil)), is the seat of the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture, in eastern Jilin province, People's Republic of China.	Yanji	Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Forbesch is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps, located near Mulegns in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Piz Forbesch	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robinson-Pavey House is a historic residence in western Washington Court House, Ohio, United States.	Robinson-Pavey House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de la Mogère is a mansion near the city of Montpellier in the French region of Languedoc-Roussillon.	Château de la Mogère	Montpellier
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dustin House or Dustin Garrison House is a historic First Period house at 665 Hilldale Avenue in Haverhill, Massachusetts.	Dustin House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandar-e Mollu (Persian: بندرملو‎, also Romanized as Bandar-e Mollū; also known as Melū, Milu, Mollav, Molū, and Mūllū) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bandar-e Mollu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Młogoszyn (mwɔˈɡɔʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Młogoszyn	Gmina Krzyżanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Gandoli (Persian: دره گندلي‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Gandolī) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Gandoli	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Lebad (Persian: دره لبد‎; also known as Darrehleb) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Lebad	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Höpfingen, sometimes spelled Hoepfingen, is a municipality in the district of Neckar-Odenwald-Kreis, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Höpfingen	Neckar-Odenwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumkhal is small village in Narmada district of Gujarat situated at .	Dumkhal	Narmada district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naglee Park and Ride Lot is a transit center in Tracy, California.	Naglee Park and Ride Lot	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Michael volcanic field is a volcanic field located on St. Michael and Stuart Islands in western Alaska, United States.	St. Michael volcanic field	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysiedle (vɨˈɕɛdlɛ) (German: Woitzel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wysiedle	Gmina Łobez
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holybrook is a civil parish, the only such area forming a contiguous part of Reading in West Berkshire and is a mixture of urban, suburban land with watercourses and flood meadows in Berkshire, England.	Holybrook	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Welcombe is a village and civil parish on the coast of North Devon, England, just north of the border with Cornwall.	Welcombe	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dixon Gallery and Gardens is an art museum within 17 acres of gardens, established in 1976, and located at 4339 Park Avenue, Memphis, Tennessee.	Dixon Gallery and Gardens	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borsec (Hungarian: Borszék, pronounced (ˈborseːk)) is a town in Harghita County, Romania.	Borsec	Harghita County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa ten Hompel is a memorial site for offenses committed by the police and government administration during the National Socialist period in the city of Münster, located in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Villa ten Hompel	Münster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ko Poda is an island off the west coast of Thailand, in Krabi Province, about 8 kilometres (5 mi) from Ao Nang.	Ko Poda	Krabi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allpahuayo-Mishana National Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Nacional Allpahuayo-Mishana) is a protected area in Peru located southwest of Iquitos in the Loreto Region, Maynas Province.	Allpahuayo-Mishana National Reserve	Loreto Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waghai is a town in the Dang District of the southern part of Gujarat state in India.And also Taluka of dang district.	Waghai	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolowr (Persian: كلور‎‎, kolur) (Tati: کلور, kelur) is a city in and capital of the Shahrud District, in Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kolowr	Shahrud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aurora Gardens Academy was a private school located in lower Algiers, on the Westbank of New Orleans, Louisiana at 2200 Hudson Place adjacent to the Mississippi River.	Aurora Gardens Academy	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bebelplatz (formerly colloquially Opernplatz) is a public square in the central Mitte district of Berlin, the capital of Germany.	Bebelplatz	Mitte	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katrulat (Persian: كترولات‎, also Romanized as Katrūlāt) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Katrulat	Seh Hezar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa La Californie, also known as Villa Fénelon, Villa Picasso, and now known as Pavillon de Flore, is a villa in Cannes, France.	Villa La Californie	Cannes
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crum Road Bridge is a historic bridge near Walkersville, Frederick County, Maryland, United States.	Crum Road Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bannockburn (Scottish Gaelic Allt a' Bhonnaich) is a town immediately south of the city of Stirling in Scotland.	Bannockburn	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gap Scenic Reserve is situated in the state of Victoria in south eastern Australia.	The Gap Scenic Reserve	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaxkukul Municipality (in the Yucatec Maya language: ``where he first worships God'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán, containing 43.43 kilometres (26.99 mi) of land and located roughly 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of the city of Mérida.	Yaxkukul Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egalia is a preschool located in Södermalm, a borough of the Swedish capital of Stockholm.	Egalia	Södermalm
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brancaster is a village and civil parish on the north coast of the English county of Norfolk.	Brancaster	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarles' Tavern, also known as Granite House, was a historic inn and tavern building located at Millwood, Westchester County, New York.	Sarles' Tavern	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copper Cliff North Mine is an underground nickel mine in Copper Cliff, Ontario, Canada.	Copper Cliff North Mine	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lloyd Tilghman House is an historic home located in downtown Paducah, Kentucky.	Lloyd Tilghman House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colchester Public Schools, also known as Colchester School District, is a school district in Colchester, Connecticut, United States.	Colchester Public Schools	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yokun Ridge is a ridge in the Taconic Mountains in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, consisting of a well-defined series of contiguous peaks including West Stockbridge Mountain and Lenox Mountain.	Yokun Ridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berwyn Route 66 Museum is a small not-for-profit facility, located in Berwyn, Illinois, that documents the history of the former U.S. Route 66.	Berwyn Route 66 Museum	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogów Opolski (ˈrɔɡuf ɔˈpɔlski) (German Rogau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krapkowice, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rogów Opolski	Gmina Krapkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghat-e Jolgeh (Persian: باغات جلگه‎, also Romanized as Bāghāt-e Jolgeh) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Baghat-e Jolgeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCBN-FM is the student-run radio station of the University of Michigan.	WCBN-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stillaguamish River is a river in northwest Washington in the United States.	Stillaguamish River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janaozen or Zhanaozen (Kazakh: Жаңаөзен / Jañaözen), formerly known as Novy Uzen (Russian: Новый Узень, until 1993), is a town in the Mangystau Region of Kazakhstan located south-east of the city of Aktau.	Zhanaozen	Mangystau Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apenke is a left tributary of the Söse in Osterode in the Harz Mountains in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Apenke	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belčji Vrh (pronounced (ˈbeːltʃji ˈʋəɾx); German: Weltschberg) is a village south of the town of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Belčji Vrh	Črnomelj
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abilene Zoological Gardens is a small 16-acre (6.5 ha) zoo located in Abilene, Texas.	Abilene Zoological Gardens	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation Mickve Israel in Savannah, Georgia, is one of the oldest in the United States, as it was organized in 1735 by mostly Sephardic Jewish immigrants of Spanish-Portuguese extraction from London who arrived in the new colony in 1733.	Congregation Mickve Israel	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jolbar (Persian: جلبر‎) is a village in Dul Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jolbar	Dul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ross Barnett Reservoir (also known as ``The Rez'') is an impoundment of the Pearl River between Madison and Rankin counties in the U.S. state of Mississippi.	Ross Barnett Reservoir	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jugoszów (juˈɡɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Jugoszów	Gmina Obrazów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribniško Selo (Slovene: Ribniško selo) is a settlement immediately north of Maribor in northeastern Slovenia.	Ribniško Selo	Maribor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardabil Province (Persian: استان اردبیل‎‎, Ostān-e Ardabīl Azerbaijani: اردبیل اوستانی) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran.	Ardabil Province	Iran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Yamma Yamma is an ephemeral lake on the Cooper Creek system in the arid Channel Country of south-western Queensland, Australia.	Lake Yamma Yamma	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salton Sink is a geographic sink within the Salton Trough in the Coachella and Imperial valleys of southeastern California.	Salton Sink	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deli Robat (Persian: دلي رباط‎, also Romanized as Delī Robāţ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deli Robat	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derbyhaven (Manx: Camys y Ree) (``King's Harbour'' or ``King's Cove'') is a hamlet near Castletown in the southern parish of Malew, Isle of Man.	Derbyhaven	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Lakes Basin is a basin located in the state of Washington, Olympic National Park, 15 miles south of Lake Crescent.	Seven Lakes Basin	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molochio (Greek: Molòcha) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Molochio	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadi District (Persian: بخش احمدی‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ahmadi District	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whetstone Gulf State Park is a 2,100-acre (8.5 km2) state park located in Lewis County, New York, USA.	Whetstone Gulf State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tas Tappeh (Persian: طاس تپه‎, also Romanized as Ţās Tappeh; also known as Tash Tepe) is a village in Sardaran Rural District, in the Central District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tas Tappeh	Sardaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zürich (Höngg) is a quarter in the district 10 in Zürich.	Höngg	Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sieklówka (ɕeˈklufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczyce, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Sieklówka	Gmina Kołaczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kambalan (Persian: كمبلان‎, also Romanized as Kambalān and Kombolān) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kambalan	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adelaide Avenue is a limited-access road in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.	Adelaide Avenue	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grodzanów (ɡrɔˈd͡zanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeg Dolny, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grodzanów	Gmina Brzeg Dolny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenogne (or Chegnogne) is a village in the municipality of Vaux-sur-Sûre, in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.	Chenogne	Vaux-sur-Sûre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obroty (ɔˈbrɔtɨ) (German: Wobrow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Obroty	Gmina Kołobrzeg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlton Hill Station is a pastoral lease and cattle station located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Carlton Hill Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czapliska (t͡ʂaˈpliska) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Czapliska	Gmina Bierzwnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	BLVD Place is a mixed-use development located in Uptown Houston, Houston, Texas, United States encompassing 20 acres at the intersection of Post Oak Boulevard and San Felipe.	BLVD Place	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chabar (Persian: چابار‎, also Romanized as Chābār; also known as Chāh Bahār and Chāhwār) is a village in Esfandan Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Chabar	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalecheh (Persian: دلچه‎) is a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dalecheh	Sangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Cork (Irish: Contae Chorcaí) is the largest and southernmost county in Ireland.	County Cork	Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pijaki (piˈjaki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pijaki	Gmina Stary Targ
located in the administrative territorial entity	Râu Sadului (Hungarian: Riuszád) is a commune in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania, at the foothills of the Cindrel Mountains, 30 km south of the county capital Sibiu, in the Mărginimea Sibiului ethnographical area.	Râu Sadului	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Heritage Center is a regional museum located in the Historic District in downtown Billings, Montana.	Western Heritage Center	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kord-e Nabard (Persian: كردنبرد‎) is a village in Gol Khandan Rural District, in the Bumehen District of Pardis County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kord-e Nabard	Pardis County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Quentin Church (in French église Saint-Quentin) is a small 12th-century fortified church in Scy-Chazelles, in the suburbs of Metz (Lorraine, France).	Saint Quentin Church	Scy-Chazelles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quheh (Persian: قوهه‎, also Romanized as Qūheh) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Quheh	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CICH-FM is a community radio station that broadcasts at 93.3 FM in Chesterfield Inlet, Nunavut, Canada.	CICH-FM	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jumping Gully Preserve is an area of protected land in Spring Hill, Florida.	Jumping Gully Preserve	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Belridge Oil Field is a large oil field along California State Route 33 in the northwestern portion of Kern County, California, about 45 miles west of Bakersfield.	North Belridge Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Land College is a community college in Mattoon in Coles County, Illinois.	Lake Land College	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeshiva Gedolah of Bayonne is an Orthodox Jewish yeshiva in Bayonne, New Jersey.	Yeshiva Gedolah of Bayonne	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Khvori (Persian: پسخوري‎, also Romanized as Pas Khvorī, Paskhorī, and Pas Khūrī) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pas Khvori	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	United Tribes Technical College is a tribal college in Bismarck, North Dakota.	United Tribes Technical College	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Davenport Skybridge is a pedestrian cable-stayed bridge that spans River Drive (Highway 67) in downtown Davenport, Iowa.	Davenport Skybridge	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northway Airport (IATA: ORT, ICAO: PAOR, FAA LID: ORT) is a state owned, public use airport serving Northway, a community located in the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Northway Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiandazhang Township (Chinese: 前大章乡) is a township-level division of Zhao County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Qiandazhang Township	Zhao County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Okanagan Lake Bridge (also known as the Kelowna Floating Bridge) was a three-lane, 650 metre (2,100 feet) long floating bridge in British Columbia, Canada.	Okanagan Lake Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port Pirie Regional Council is a local government area in South Australia, focused on the city of Port Pirie.	Port Pirie Regional Council	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pars Museum is a museum in Shiraz, Fars Province, southern Iran and is located in Nazar Garden.	Pars Museum	Shiraz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Fairfield Public Library, located at 339 Main Street, is the public library of Fort Fairfield, Maine, USA.	Fort Fairfield Public Library	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solkieniki (sɔlkʲɛˈniki) (German Solknick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Solkieniki	Gmina Barciany
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Indian College is a private Christian college in Phoenix, Arizona.	American Indian College	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocchetta di Vara (Ligurian: A Rocheta) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of La Spezia in the Italian region Liguria, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Genoa and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of La Spezia.	Rocchetta di Vara	Province of La Spezia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Amelzadeh (Persian: حسن اباد عامل زاده‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e ʿĀmelzādeh) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Amelzadeh	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeh-e Kalut (Persian: زهکلوت‎, also Romanized as Zeh-e Kalūt) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zeh-e Kalut	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Juiyieh (Persian: پشتجوييه‎, also Romanized as Posht Jūīyīeh; also known as Poshtjūeeyeh-ye Kiskan) is a village in Kiskan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Posht Juiyieh	Kiskan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhamankhel is a village situated at about 3 km from Junnar city of Pune district.	Dhamankhel	Pune district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quebec Run Wild Area is a 7,441-acre (3,011 ha) section of Forbes State Forest located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania just north of the Mason--	Quebec Run Wild Area	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dovercourt Park is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada situated north of Bloor Street between Christie Street to the east, the CPR railway lines to the north, Dufferin Street to the west.	Dovercourt Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yebyu Township (Burmese: ရေဖြူမြို့နယ်) is a township of Dawei District in the Taninthayi Division of Myanmar.	Yebyu Township	Dawei District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blękwit (ˈblɛŋkfit) (German: Blankwitt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Blękwit	Gmina Złotów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardewlees is a hamlet in Cumbria, England, about 4.5 miles southwest of Carlisle.	Cardewlees	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boguszyny (bɔɡuˈʂɨnɨ) (formerly German: Gottberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Boguszyny	Gmina Pełczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Aqa Zadeh (Persian: محمداباداقازاده‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Āqā Zādeh; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Mojtahedī, Moḩammadābād, and Muhammadābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Aqa Zadeh	Darbqazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nellie Johnstone No. 1 was the first commercially productive oil well in Oklahoma (at that time in Indian Territory).	Nellie Johnstone No. 1	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brightman Street Bridge is a 922-foot (281 m) long, four-lane wide drawbridge spanning the Taunton River between the town of Somerset and the city of Fall River, Massachusetts.	Brightman Street Bridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The O'Neill Municipal Airport (IATA: ONL, ICAO: KONL, FAA LID: ONL), also known as John L. Baker Field, is a public use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) northwest of the central business district of O'Neill, a city in Holt County, Nebraska, United States.	O'Neill Municipal Airport	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garvellachs (Scottish Gaelic: Garbh Eileaich) or Isles of the Sea form a small archipelago in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.	Garvellachs	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abner Davison House is one of several mansions that overlook the Mississippi River on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Abner Davison House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morschwiller-le-Bas ((mɔʁʃvilɛʁ lə ba); German: Niedermorschweiler) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Morschwiller-le-Bas	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gnadenhutten massacre, also known as the Moravian massacre, was the killing of 96 Christian Lenape (Delaware) by colonial American militia from Pennsylvania on March 8, 1782 at the Moravian missionary village of Gnadenhütten, Ohio during the American Revolutionary War.	Gnadenhutten massacre	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franklin W. Farrer House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Franklin W. Farrer House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parypse (paˈrɨpsɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Parypse	Gmina Chełm
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernstein Castle is a historical building in Bernstein im Burgenland, Austria, first mentioned in the 13th century.	Bernstein Castle	Burgenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carnduff is a small agricultural town in Southeastern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Carnduff	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhoon Quarry Halt is a rural request stop on the northern section of the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man, close to the quarry with which it shares its name.	Dhoon Quarry Halt	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biedolewo (bjɛdɔˈlɛvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Biedolewo	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mojen (Persian: مجن‎) is a city in Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Mojen	Bastam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowrud (Persian: نورود‎, also Romanized as Nowrūd) is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nowrud	Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carriss's Feed Store, located at KY 55 and KY 44 in Southville, Kentucky, was built in 1915.	Carriss's Feed Store	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otoczna (ɔˈtɔt͡ʂna) (German: Breitenlehm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Otoczna	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Türnitz Alps (German: Türnitzer Alpen) are a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps in southern Lower Austria and the adjacent state of Styria.	Türnitz Alps	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzodkiewnica (ʐɔtkʲɛvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rzodkiewnica	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avonworth High School is a high school serving the northern neighborhoods of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.	Avonworth High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Lodge Airport (ICAO: KRED, FAA LID: RED) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) northwest of the central business district of Red Lodge, a city in Carbon County, Montana, United States.	Red Lodge Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton County Courthouse Complex is a historic courthouse complex located at Lake Pleasant in Hamilton County, New York.	Hamilton County Courthouse Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archbishop Spalding High School is a private, Catholic co-educational high school located in Severn, Maryland, USA.	Archbishop Spalding High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podwilczyn (pɔdˈvilt͡ʂɨn) (German: Podewilshausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Podwilczyn	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teatro Carignano (Carignano Theatre) is a theatre in Turin and one of the oldest and most important theatres in Italy.	Teatro Carignano	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberhosan ( Welsh pronunciation ) is a village in the Welsh principal area of Powys, located between the historic town of Machynlleth and village of Dylife.	Aberhosan	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juagdan is a barangay of the municipality of Ubay, in the province of Bohol, Philippines.	Juagdan	Ubay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stecklenburg is a ruined medieval castle in the East Harz in Germany, located on a small rise only a few hundred metres away from the village of Stecklenberg (in the borough of Thale) in the district of Harz in Saxony-Anhalt.	Stecklenburg	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Caterina dei Funari is a church in Rome in Italy, in the rione of Sant'Angelo.	Santa Caterina dei Funari	Sant'Angelo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allen County Airport (FAA LID: K88) is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Iola, in Allen County, Kansas, United States.	Allen County Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obolon Arena is football stadium in the city of Kiev, Ukraine.	Obolon Arena	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Botnang (formerly Bothnang) is a district of the City of Stuttgart and lies between Feuerbach, Stuttgart-West and Vaihingen.	Botnang	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terryglass (Irish: Tír Dhá Ghlas, meaning ``land of the two streams'') is a village in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Terryglass	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulamben is a small fishing village on the north-east coast of Bali.	Tulamben	Bali
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prey Veng District (Khmer: ស្រុកព្រៃវែង) is a district located in Prey Veng Province.	Prey Veng District	Prey Veng Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marłuty (marˈwutɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Marłuty	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Ferté Abbey (French: Abbaye de la Ferté; Latin: Firmitas) was a Cistercian monastery founded in 1113 in La Ferté-sur-Grosne in the present commune of Saint-Ambreuil, Saône-et-Loire, France, the first of the four great daughter-houses of Cîteaux Abbey.	La Ferté Abbey	Saint-Ambreuil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blatnik pri Črnomlju (pronounced (ˈblaːtnik pɾi tʃəɾˈnoːmlju)) is a settlement west of the town of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Blatnik pri Črnomlju	Črnomelj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rydzów (ˈrɨd͡zuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielec, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Rydzów	Gmina Mielec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western District Lakes of Victoria, in the Western District of Victoria, south-eastern Australia, were recognised on 15 December 1982 as wetlands of international importance by listing under the Ramsar Convention, as Ramsar site no.268.	Western District Lakes	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brule Lake forms part of the border between the States of Michigan and Wisconsin and is the headwater of the Brule River at 46°02′23``N 88°50′59''W. The source of the name is the Ojibwa name for the river, ``Wisakota'', meaning burned or burnt, which the French Voyageurs translated as Brûlé.	Brule Lake	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walter Butler Homestead, also known as Butlersbury, is a historic home located near Fonda in Montgomery County, New York.	Walter Butler Homestead	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Itha T. Krumme Memorial Arboretum (2 acres) is an arboretum located at West 25th and Stanton Lake Park Road, next to Stanton Lake Park, northwest of Falls City, Nebraska.	Itha T. Krumme Memorial Arboretum	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newington Junction is a section of the town of Newington, Connecticut.	Newington Junction	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neuleiningen Castle is a ruin on the eastern edge of the Palatinate Forest in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany in the municipality of Neuleiningen in the Bad Dürkheim district.	Neuleiningen Castle	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joppolo Giancaxio (Sicilian: Jòppulu Giancaxiu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) south of Palermo and about 8 kilometres (5 mi) northwest of Agrigento.	Joppolo Giancaxio	Province of Agrigento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Baf (Persian: ده باف‎, also Romanized as Deh Bāf) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh Baf	Mazul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaufbeuren (German pronunciation: (kaʊfˈbɔʏʁən)) is an independent town in the Regierungsbezirk of Swabia, Bavaria.	Kaufbeuren	Swabia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarvis Fork Covered Bridge, also known as Sandyville Covered Bridge, is a historic covered bridge located near Sandyville, Jackson County, West Virginia.	Sarvis Fork Covered Bridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Rocks Dining Hall is a historic building located near Reedsville, Preston County, West Virginia.	Indian Rocks Dining Hall	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeJarnette's Tavern, also sometimes called DeJarnette House, Daniel DeJarnette Tavern, or Staunton River Hunt Club, is a nationally registered historic place near Nathalie, Halifax County, Virginia.	DeJarnette's Tavern	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grumes (German: Grumeis) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Trento.	Grumes	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyr Khujeh-ye Najaf (Persian: خيرخواجه نجف‎, also Romanized as Kheyr Khūjeh-ye Najaf) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Dashli Borun District, Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kheyr Khujeh-ye Najaf	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ralph J. Bunche International Affairs Center is a research, educational and professional development center for international affairs at Howard University in Washington, D.C..	Ralph J. Bunche International Affairs Center	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKDO is a Canadian Class A clear-channel radio station, broadcasting at 1580 AM in Oshawa, Ontario.	CKDO	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miroszów (miˈrɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Racławice, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Miroszów	Gmina Racławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Machowo (maˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadki, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Machowo	Gmina Sadki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cropwell Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house at 810 Cropwell Road in the Cropwell section of Evesham Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.	Cropwell Friends Meeting House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Lubliniec (ˈstarɨ luˈblʲiɲet͡s) (Ukrainian: Старий Люблинець, Staryi Liublynets'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszanów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Stary Lubliniec	Gmina Cieszanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gyacoxung (Chinese: 甲措雄乡) is a village and township of Samzhubzê District (Shigatse City), in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Gyacoxung	Samzhubzê District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hale Solar Laboratory was the laboratory of astronomer George Ellery Hale and is located in Pasadena, Los Angeles County, California.	Hale Solar Laboratory	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cavedago (German: Gofidach, Ladin: Ciavedać) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Trento.	Cavedago	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto de Mós is a town and a municipality in Leiria District in Portugal.	Porto de Mós	Leiria District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newton Correctional Facility is a low and medium security correctional institution of the Iowa Department of Corrections.	Newton Correctional Facility	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agres (Valencian and Spanish: (ˈaɣɾes)) is a town in the comarca of Comtat, in the province of Alicante, Valencian Community, Spain.	Agres	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiz (Persian: جيز‎, also Romanized as Jīz) is a village in Yunesi Rural District, Yunesi District, Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jiz	Yunesi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cha'an (Chinese: 茶庵; pinyin: Chá'ān) is a town of Shou County in central Anhui province, China.	Cha'an	Shou County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paula Modersohn-Becker Museum in Bremen, Germany, is the first museum in the world devoted to a female artist.	Paula Modersohn-Becker Museum	Bremen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bell Sensplex is a four-pad ice facility, located in the city of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Bell Sensplex	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazan (Persian: تازان‎‎, also Romanized as Tāzān; also known as Tāzān-e ``Olyā and Tārūn-e ``Olyā) is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 17 families.	Tazan	Keshvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lansing Municipal Airport (ICAO: KIGQ, FAA LID: IGQ) is a public airport located 21 miles (34 km) south of Chicago, in Lansing, a village in Cook County, Illinois, USA.	Lansing Municipal Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walton-le-Dale is a large village in the Borough of South Ribble, in Lancashire, England.	Walton-le-Dale	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukheh Qeshlaq (Persian: كوخه قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Kūkheh Qeshlāq) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kukheh Qeshlaq	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazarkhani-ye Seyyedabad (Persian: گذرخاني سيداباد‎, also Romanized as Gaẕarkhānī-ye Seyyedābād) is a village in Hablerud Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Gazarkhani-ye Seyyedabad	Hablerud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazirbe (Livonian: Irē or Piški Īra, German: Klein-Irben) is a village place in Kolka parish, Dundaga municipality, Latvia 18 km southwest of Kolka.	Mazirbe	Dundaga municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dilici (pronounced (ˈdiːlitsi)) is a small settlement east of Koštabona in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Dilici	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chlum Svaté Maří, 1960-1990 Chlum nad Ohří (German: Maria Kulm) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Chlum Svaté Maří	Sokolov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punahou School (formerly Oahu College) is a private, co-educational, college preparatory school located in Honolulu CDP, City and County of Honolulu in the U.S. State of Hawaii.	Punahou School	Honolulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Sorkhi (Persian: چاه سرخي‎, also Romanized as Chāh Sorkhī; also known as Chāh Sorkh) is a village in Zarqan Rural District, Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Sorkhi	Zarqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sieroszewo (ɕɛrɔˈʂɛvɔ) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sieroszewo	Gmina Boniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Park Zoo is a zoo located in Michigan City, Indiana, which covers 15 acres (61,000 m2) on a hilly sand dune close to the southeastern tip of Lake Michigan.	Washington Park Zoo	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively, Old Man of Coniston is within Cumbria following 1974 administrative changes.	Old Man of Coniston	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Georgina Basin is a large (ca. 330,000 km²) intracratonic sedimentary basin in central and northern Australia, lying mostly within the Northern Territory and partly within Queensland.	Georgina Basin	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madan-e Sangrud (Persian: معدن سنگرود‎, also Romanized as Maʿdan-e Sangrūd; also known as Sangarud and Sangrūd) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District, Amarlu District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Madan-e Sangrud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obergum is part of the town Winsum (Groningen, Netherlands) that lies north of the Winsumerdiep.	Obergum	Winsum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kajetanowice (kajɛtanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kajetanowice	Gmina Gidle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angulesh (Persian: انگولش‎, also Romanized as Angūlesh) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Angulesh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLFK (95.3 FM, ``95-3 The Wolf'') is an FM broadcast station licensed for 6,000 watts at Gouverneur, New York.	WLFK	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The President Street Station in Baltimore, Maryland, is a former train station.	President Street Station	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Qalichi (Persian: كلاته قليچي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Qalīchī) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Qalichi	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szwejkówko (ʂfɛi̯ˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szwejkówko	Gmina Orzysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The International Hockey Hall of Fame (IHHOF) and Museum is a museum dedicated to the history of ice hockey in Canada, located in Kingston, Ontario.	International Hockey Hall of Fame	Kingston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zari Jamani or Zari Jamni is a town in Wani Subdivision of Yavatmal district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Zari Jamani	Yavatmal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stone Wave occupies the central courtyard of Tacoma, Washington's Tacoma Art Museum and is a major public work by sculptor Richard Rhodes of Seattle, Washington.	Stone Wave	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Loretto Unique Area is a 194-acre (79 ha) open space reserve and nature preserve administered by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation on Staten Island, New York City.	Mount Loretto Unique Area	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andrew Dickhaut Cottages Historic District encompasses a collection of historic worker cottages in the Smith Hill neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island, along with the home of their builder, Andrew Dickhaut.	Andrew Dickhaut Cottages Historic District	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Audubon Kern River Preserve is a riparian nature reserve owned by the National Audubon Society in the US state of California, near Weldon in Kern County.	Kern River Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nichols Arboretum (123 acres, 49.7 hectares) is an arboretum operated by the University of Michigan.	Nichols Arboretum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joliet West High School, along with Joliet Central, makes up district 204 Joliet Township High School district in Joliet, Illinois.	Joliet West High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Creeksea is a village in Essex, England, on the Dengie peninsula on the north side of the River Crouch, one mile west of Burnham on Crouch.	Creeksea	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casbah Coffee Club was a rock and roll music venue in West Derby, Liverpool, England started by Mona Best in 1959 in the cellar of the family home.	The Casbah Coffee Club	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toronto General Hospital (TGH), is a major teaching hospital in downtown Toronto, Ontario, and a part of the University Health Network.	Toronto General Hospital	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avanathankottai is a village located near Aranthangi in the Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Avanathankottai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Day Field is a 5,000-capacity stadium in Ashland, Virginia on the campus of Randolph-Macon College where it serves as home to the school's football program as well as both the men's and women's lacrosse teams..	Day Field	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iril (Persian: ايريل‎, also Romanized as Īrīl) is a village in Vilkij-e Markazi Rural District, Vilkij District, Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Iril	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kateh Shur (Persian: كته شور‎, also Romanized as Kateh Shūr) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District, Bagh-e Bahadoran District, Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kateh Shur	Cham Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotermań (kɔˈtɛrmaɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kotermań	Gmina Opinogóra Górna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruda Żmigrodzka (ˈruda ʐmiˈɡrɔt͡ska) (German: Hammer-Trachenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmigród, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ruda Żmigrodzka	Gmina Żmigród
located in the administrative territorial entity	UPMC Mercy is a main hospital facility of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) and is located in the Uptown section of the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, adjacent to Duquesne University, and a few blocks from the Consol Energy Center and downtown Pittsburgh.	UPMC Mercy	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramiona (raˈmjɔna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ramiona	Gmina Baranowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moshtagan (Persian: مشتگان‎, also Romanized as Moshtagān; also known as Mashtakān and Moshtakān) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Moshtagan	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damak (Nenglish:Dahmak) (Nepali: दमक) is one of the oldest municipality in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Terai of Nepal.	Damak	Jhapa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silvaplana (Romansh: Silvaplauna ) is a municipality in the district of Maloja in the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the name of a lake in the municipality.	Silvaplana	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Jafti Dasht (Persian: دره جفتي دشت‎, also Romanized as Darreh Jaftī Dasht) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, Mugarmun District, Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Jafti Dasht	Mugarmun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clatsop Butte is an upland butte lying directly south of Powell Butte in southeast Portland, Oregon, United States.	Clatsop Butte	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Douentza is a town and urban commune in the Mopti Region of central Mali.	Douentza	Mopti Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kondeh Gurab (Persian: كنده گوراب‎, also Romanized as Kondeh Gūrāb) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kondeh Gurab	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christmas Common is a hamlet in Watlington civil parish, Oxfordshire about 7 1⁄2 miles (12 km) south of Thame in Oxfordshire, close to the boundary with Buckinghamshire.	Christmas Common	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bocholter Aa is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, and of the Netherlands.	Bocholter Aa	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Lusatian Hill Country and Uplands (German: Westlausitzer Hügel- und Bergland), sometimes just the West Lusatian Hills, is a natural region in Saxony.	West Lusatian Hill Country and Uplands	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cuyama Valley is a valley along the Cuyama River in central California, in northern Santa Barbara, southern San Luis Obispo, southwestern Kern, and northwestern Ventura counties.	Cuyama Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samandak (Persian: سمندك‎) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Samandak	Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockland Country Club is located in Sparkill, New York, and features an 18-hole golf course.	Rockland Country Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Side Community Garden is a privately owned park in Manhattan, New York City, United States.	West Side Community Garden	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Corman Park No. 344, Saskatchewan surrounds the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.	Rural Municipality of Corman Park No. 344	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szwejki Małe (ˈʂfɛi̯ki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Szwejki Małe	Gmina Biała Rawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komorowo-Kolonia (kɔmɔˈrɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Komorowo-Kolonia	Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Martisberg and Betten merged into the new municipality of Bettmeralp.	Martisberg	Bettmeralp
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kottaiyur is a suburb located in northern part of Karaikudi in Sivaganga district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Kottaiyur	Sivaganga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uniacke Square is a public housing residential area in the north central area of Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Uniacke Square	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans is a base of the United States military located in Belle Chasse, unincorporated Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raja Pakar (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (SC) is part of No. 21 Hajipur (Lok Sabha constituency) (SC).	Raja Pakar (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Hajipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Cambridge Historic District is a historic district encompassing a residential neighborhood of Cambridge, Massachusetts that dates to colonial times.	Old Cambridge Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacheh Darreh (Persian: بچه دره‎; also known as Bacheh Darreh-ye Soflá, Bāgh-e Darreh-ye Soflá, Bāsh Darreh, and Besh Darreh) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bacheh Darreh	Jargalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chișineu-Criș (Hungarian: Kisjenő) is a town in Arad County, western Transylvania, Romania.	Chișineu-Criș	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ushab (Persian: اوشاب‎, also Romanized as Ūshāb; also known as Vashab) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ushab	Qasr-e Qand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sequalitchew Creek, located in DuPont, Washington emanates from Sequalitchew Lake, Fort Lewis, Washington, was the location of the original Fort Nisqually trading post established in 1833 by the Hudson's Bay Company.	Sequalitchew Creek	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ledford Senior High School is a public high school in Thomasville, North Carolina, located indirectly off of North Carolina Highway 109.	Ledford Senior High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanunan (Persian: ونونان‎, also Romanized as Vanūnān; also known as Vandan and Wandān) is a village in Soltaniyeh Rural District, Soltaniyeh District, Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Vanunan	Soltaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeshiva Derech HaTorah is an Orthodox Jewish elementary school and high school for boys in Brooklyn, New York.	Yeshiva Derech HaTorah	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlands Train Checkpoint (abbreviated as WTCP, also known as Woodlands CIQ) is a railway station and border checkpoint in Woodlands, Singapore.	Woodlands Train Checkpoint	Singapore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coconino Reservoir is located near Flagstaff in North Central Arizona and is just half mile south of Ashurst Lake.	Coconino Reservoir	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebrahimabad-e Shur (Persian: ابراهيم اباد شور‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Shūr and Ebrahim Abad Shoor; also known as Ebrāhīmābād and Ibrāhīmābād) is a village in Azadegan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ebrahimabad-e Shur	Azadegan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Rożniatowska (ˈvɔla rɔʐɲaˈtɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Rożniatowska	Gmina Drużbice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daylight/Twilight Alternative High School is a four-year alternative public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Trenton, in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Trenton Public Schools.	Daylight/Twilight Alternative High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Francis G. Welch Stadium, also known as Jones Field at Welch Stadium or Welch Stadium, is a sport stadium in Emporia, Kansas.	Francis G. Welch Stadium	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Hatchet Mountains are an 18 mi (29 km) long, mountain range in southeast Hidalgo County, New Mexico, adjacent the northern border of Chihuahua state, Mexico.	Big Hatchet Mountains	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangatheri is a village and gram panchayat in Assandh, Karnal district, Haryana, India.	Gangatheri	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gemeenlandshuis van Rijnland on the Breestraat in Leiden is the oldest Gemeenlandshuis of the Netherlands that kept its function until the current century.	Gemeenlandshuis van Rijnland	Leiden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Compound, also known as Street Patterns or The Grid, is an area in southwestern Palm Bay, Florida, similar to Flagler Estates.	The Compound	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Highland Wildlife Park is a 105-hectare (260-acre) safari park and zoo near Kingussie, Highland, Scotland.	Highland Wildlife Park	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carley's Mills Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at Hastings in Oswego County, New York.	Carley's Mills Schoolhouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fleury-en-Bière is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north central France.	Fleury-en-Bière	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Garden State Plaza is a two-story, upscale shopping mall located in Paramus, New Jersey, owned and managed by the Westfield Corporation, and located at the intersection of Route 4 and Route 17 near the Garden State Parkway, about 15 miles west of Manhattan.	Westfield Garden State Plaza	Paramus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Meshk (Persian: كل مشك‎, also Romanized as Kal Mashk; also known as Gol Mashk and Kalmūsht) is a village in Rabor Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kal Meshk	Rabor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maharajganj district (Hindi: महाराजगंज जिला) is one of the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India, and the town of Maharajganj is the district headquarters.	Maharajganj district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srirangam Island is a river island situated within the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu, India.	Srirangam Island	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMCU (88.7 FM), is a National Public Radio-affiliated radio station in Wichita Falls, Texas.	KMCU	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Kuheh (Persian: دوكوهه‎, also Romanized as Do Kūheh, Dow Kūheh, and Dukūheh) is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Do Kuheh	Khusf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keiss (Scottish Gaelic: Cèis) is a fishing village at the northern end of Sinclairs Bay on the east coast of Caithness in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Keiss	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fillmore Street is a street in San Francisco, California, named after American President Millard Fillmore which starts in the Lower Haight neighborhood, and travels northward through the Fillmore District and Pacific Heights and ends in the Marina District.	Fillmore Street	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanhinkari lies in the Haparanda archipelago, the part of the Norrbotten archipelago that is included in the Haparanda Municipality.	Hanhinkari	Haparanda Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harford Technical High School (HTHS) is a four-year vocational/technical public high school in Bel Air in Harford County, Maryland, United States.	Harford Technical High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Champlain Valley is a region of the United States around Lake Champlain in Vermont and New York extending north slightly into Quebec, Canada.	Champlain Valley	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minneapolis Shoal Light Station is a light house located in northern Green Bay, 6.6 miles (10.6 km) south of Peninsula Point near Big Bay de Noc, Michigan.	Minneapolis Shoal Light Station	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Youga is a village in the Zabré Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso, about 2 km north from border with Ghana.	Youga	Zabré Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urtijëi (Ladin, pronounced (uʁtiˈʒɜi̯) Listen ; German: St. Ulrich in Gröden; Italian: Ortisei (ortiˈzɛi)) is a town of 4,637 inhabitants in South Tyrol in northern Italy.	Urtijëi	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandomabad (Persian: گندم اباد‎, also Romanized as Gandomābād; also known as Gandam-Ab, Gandomāb, and Yeylāg-e Gandomābād) is a village in Shal Rural District, Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Gandomabad	Shal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burnett Honors College is an academic college of the University of Central Florida located in Orlando, Florida, USA.	Burnett Honors College	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Tarfaiyeh (Persian: ابوطرفايه‎, also Romanized as Abū Ţarfā’īyeh and Abū Tarfāyeh; also known as Abū Ţarfāyeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Tarfaiyeh	Chah Salem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cobungra River, a perennial river of the North-East Murray catchment of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the East Gippsland and alpine regions of Victoria, Australia.	Cobungra River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Earl Sterndale is a village in the Upper Dove Valley in the Peak District, Derbyshire, England, situated near the River Dove, 5 miles south of Buxton, and 8 miles west of Bakewell.	Earl Sterndale	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perchelehzar (Persian: پرچله زار‎, also Romanized as Perchelehzār; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Solţānī and Perchelīzār) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Perchelehzar	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phenix High School was a school for African American students which was opened on the campus of the normal school which grew to become today's Hampton University near the town of Hampton and Fort Monroe in Elizabeth City County, Virginia in the period immediately following the conclusion of the American Civil War.	Phenix High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bristol Customshouse and Post Office is a historic two-story rectangular Italian palazzo style brick building that was used as a post office and customshouse in Bristol, Rhode Island, United States.	Bristol Customshouse and Post Office	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rain Qaleh (Persian: رائين قلعه‎, also Romanized as Rā’īn Qal``eh and Rāyen Qal``eh) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 293, in 63 families.	Rain Qaleh	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Hole Airport (IATA: JAC, ICAO: KJAC, FAA LID: JAC) is a United States public airport located seven miles (11 km) north of Jackson, in Teton County, Wyoming.	Jackson Hole Airport	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varka Deh (Persian: وركاده‎, also Romanized as Varkā Deh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Varka Deh	Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tjautjas (sometimes called Čavččas or Tjautjasjaure) is a locality situated in Gällivare Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 234 inhabitants in 2010.	Tjautjas	Gällivare Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oceanside Water Pollution Control Plant (OWPCP) is a wastewater treatment plant operated by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission, in San Francisco, California, United States.	Oceanside Water Pollution Control Plant	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arndell Anglican College is located in Oakville, New South Wales, Australia and is a member of the Sydney Anglican Schools Corporation.	Arndell Anglican College	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center is a maximum security prison in Lancaster, Massachusetts, in the United States.	Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Passerano Marmorito is a small rural comune (``commune'' or ``municipality'') in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Turin and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Asti.	Passerano Marmorito	Province of Asti
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sharpner's Pond Anti-Ballistic Missile Site is a location in North Andover, Massachusetts which was designed to be the site of a Perimeter Acquisition Radar for the Sentinel program.	Sharpner's Pond Anti-Ballistic Missile Site	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deralakatte is a village on the outskirts of Mangalore in Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state in India.	Deralakatte	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Mesar (Persian: پشتمسار‎, also Romanized as Posht Mesār; also known as Posht Mīān) is a village in Markiyeh Rural District, Mirza Kuchek Janghli District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Posht Mesar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guneh-ye Gachuyi (Persian: گونه گاچوئي‎, also Romanized as Gūneh-ye Gāchūyī) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Guneh-ye Gachuyi	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort du Randouillet, is a fortification in the vicinity of Briançon in the Dauphiné region of southeastern France.	Fort du Randouillet	Briançon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyd H. Anderson High School (also called ``Boyd Anderson'', or simply ``B.A.'', located in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida) is an urban high school in Broward County.	Boyd H. Anderson High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guiseley railway station is a railway station in Guiseley, in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England.	Guiseley railway station	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Knauer House and Mill, also known as Knauer Mill, is a historic grist mill complex located in Warwick Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	John Knauer House and Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unaka National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in North Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia on July 24, 1920 with 840,996 acres (3,403.39 km2).	Unaka National Forest	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midtown Corinth Historic District is a historic district in Corinth, Mississippi that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.	Midtown Corinth Historic District	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gallardet Dolmen (French: Dolmen de Gallardet), also known as Pouget Dolmen is a dolmen near the village of Le Pouget in Languedoc, France.	Gallardet Dolmen	Le Pouget
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta-Złomy (ˈxuta ˈzwɔmɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narol, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Huta-Złomy	Gmina Narol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mortaiolo is a small resort town in the commune of Collesalvetti (province of Livorno, Italy), located near Vicarello.	Mortaiolo	Collesalvetti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Mazu (Persian: چهارمازو‎, also Romanized as Chāhār Māzū; also known as Chahār Māẕī) is a village in Aq Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chahar Mazu	Aq Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nellis Historic District is national historic district located at Nellis, Boone County, West Virginia.	Nellis Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinzhaidian (Chinese: 新寨店镇) is a township-level division of Zhao County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Xinzhaidian	Zhao County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trendelburg is a town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany with a population of 5,282 on 30 September 2009.	Trendelburg	Kassel	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feofaniya (Ukrainian: Феофанія; also called Theophania) is a park located in the historical neighborhood on a tract near the southern outskirts of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Feofaniya	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab Mahmudvand (Persian: سراب محمودوند‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb Maḥmūdvand) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab Mahmudvand	Jayedar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herron Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Herron Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The District No. 72 School represents small, rural school-houses in Dakota County in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	District No. 72 School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Crescent is a deep lake located entirely within Olympic National Park in Clallam County, Washington, United States, approximately 17 miles (27 km) west of Port Angeles, Washington on U.S. Route 101 and nearby to the small community of Piedmont.	Lake Crescent	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belterra Casino Resort & Spa is a riverboat casino owned and operated by Pinnacle Entertainment, located on the Ohio River in Switzerland County, Indiana near Florence, roughly halfway between Louisville, Kentucky and Cincinnati, Ohio.	Belterra Casino Resort & Spa	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horezu ceramics is a unique type of Romanian pottery that is traditionally produced by hand around the town of Horezu in northern Oltenia (Vâlcea County), close to the famous Horezu Monastery.	Horezu ceramics	Vâlcea County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chardon High School (commonly Chardon, Chardon High, or CHS), is a public high school in Chardon, Ohio, USA, serving students in grades 9-12.	Chardon High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ville de Marie Academy is a private, Roman Catholic academy in Scottsdale, Arizona.	Ville de Marie Academy	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zanaqol (Persian: زناقل‎, also Romanized as Zanāqol; also known as Zanā QolĪ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zanaqol	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chomęciska Duże-Kolonia (xɔmɛnˈt͡ɕiska ˈduʐɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Chomęciska Duże-Kolonia	Gmina Stary Zamość
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehestan-e Bala (Persian: دهستان بالا‎, also Romanized as Dehestān-e Bālā; also known as Dehistān and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dehestan-e Bala	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Todagin South Slope Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the west side of Todagin Creek to the east of Kinaskan Lake in the Stikine Country, to the south of the community of Dease Lake.	Todagin South Slope Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Cloquet River is a 7.6-mile-long (12.2 km) river located in southern Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States.	Little Cloquet River	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Asher Morton Farmstead is a farm located on Lower Terre Haute Road 4.5 miles (7.2 km) south of Paris, Illinois.	Asher Morton Farmstead	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cottonwood Falls Airport (FAA LID: 9K0) is a city owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of Cottonwood Falls, a city in Chase County, Kansas, United States.	Cottonwood Falls Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzywanice-Trojany (kʂɨvaˈnit͡sɛ trɔˈjanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krzywanice-Trojany	Gmina Staroźreby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park in Dayton, Ohio, United States that commemorates three important historical figures--	Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oscar Scherer State Park is a Florida State Park located between Sarasota and Venice, near Osprey, amidst the heavily developed southwest Florida coast.	Oscar Scherer State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalaj-e Olya (Persian: خلج عليا‎, also Romanized as Khalaj-e ``Olyā; also known as Khalaj-e Bālā) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 14 families.	Khalaj-e Olya	Hendudur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaouia Sidi Moussa is a village, and religious center, in the commune of Bordj Omar Driss, in In Amenas District, Illizi Province, Algeria.	Zaouia Sidi Moussa	Bordj Omar Driss
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powerstock is a village and civil parish in south west Dorset, England, situated in a steep valley on the edge of the Dorset Downs, 5 miles (8.0 km) north-east of the market town of Bridport.	Powerstock	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suxian District (simplified Chinese: 苏仙区; traditional Chinese: 蘇仙區; pinyin: Sūxiān Qū) is one of two districts of Chenzhou, Hunan province, China.	Suxian District	Chenzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardeşen (Laz and Georgian: არტაშენი/Artasheni or არდაშენი/Ardasheni) is a town and district of Rize Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey, 48 km along the coast road from the city of Rize.	Ardeşen	Rize Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapan-e Sofla (Persian: چاپان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chāpān-e Soflá and Chāpān Soflá; also known as Chāpān and Chāpān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Emam Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chapan-e Sofla	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiyang County (simplified Chinese: 济阳县; traditional Chinese: 濟陽縣; pinyin: Jǐyáng Xiàn) is under the administration of Jinan, the capital of Shandong province, People's Republic of China.	Jiyang County	Jinan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Granville Congregational Church is located on NY 149 in the hamlet of South Granville, part of the Town of Granville, New York, United States.	South Granville Congregational Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osmanvand Rural District (Persian: دهستان عثمان‌وند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Osmanvand Rural District	Firuzabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big 4 Fair Art Hall, also known as Hollenbeck Hall, is an historic structure located in the Wapello County Fairgrounds in Eldon, Iowa, United States.	Big 4 Fair Art Hall	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tsitsa River (Afrikaans: Tsitsarivier; Xhosa: iTsitsa) is a river in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Tsitsa River	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhdasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان كوهدشت‎) was a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kuhdasht Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Kola Siah (Persian: شهرك كلاسياه‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Kolāh Sīāh; also known as Kolāh Sīāh) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Kola Siah	Mashayekh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cinémathèque québécoise is a film conservatory in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Cinémathèque québécoise	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	HM Prison Brixton is a local men's prison, located in Brixton area of the London Borough of Lambeth, in inner-South London.	HM Prison Brixton	London Borough of Lambeth
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bravo Lake Formation is a mafic volcanic belt and large igneous province located at the northern margin of the Trans-Hudson orogeny on central Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Bravo Lake Formation	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bearskin Lake First Nation is an Oji-Cree First Nation reserve in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the Kenora District 425 kilometres north of Sioux Lookout.	Bearskin Lake First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talybont-on-Usk (Welsh: Tal-y-bont ar Wysg) is a village and community in Powys, Wales.	Talybont-on-Usk	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJVS (88.3 FM) was a student-run radio station in Cincinnati, Ohio and operated by the Great Oaks Institute of Technology and Career Development, and based at the Sharonville, Ohio school.	WJVS	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pak Shek Kok (白石角) is a place in Tai Po District in Hong Kong, located between Ma Liu Shui and Tai Po Kau, close to Cheung Shue Tan (樟樹灘) and facing Tolo Harbour (Tai Po Hoi).	Pak Shek Kok	Tai Po District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haultepenne Castle, also spelled Hautepenne Castle (French: Château de Hautepenne), located in Gleixhe in the town of Flémalle, is a part medieval, part renaissance structure.	Haultepenne Castle	Flémalle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horslunde is now part of Lolland Municipality and belongs to Region Zealand.	Horslunde	Lolland Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divran (Persian: ديوران‎, also Romanized as Dīvrān) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Divran	Larijan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Detroit Island is a privately owned island in Lake Michigan in the southern part of the town of Washington in Door County, Wisconsin, USA.	Detroit Island	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leylan District (Persian: بخش لیلان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Leylan District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Folk Art Museum is an art museum in the Upper West Side of Manhattan, at 2, Lincoln Square, Columbus Avenue at 66th Street.	American Folk Art Museum	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 238 (I-238) is a short auxiliary route of the Interstate Highway System in the San Francisco Bay Area in the U.S. state of California.	Interstate 238	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radstadion was a velodrome located in Olympiapark in Munich, Germany.	Radstadion	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gallery of Modern Art (GoMA) is the main gallery of contemporary art in Glasgow, Scotland.	Gallery of Modern Art	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lynnhaven Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Virginia Beach, Virginia, USA.	Lynnhaven Mall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Tennent Cemetery is a non-denominational community cemetery adjacent to the Old Tennent Church in Manalapan, New Jersey, with which it was affiliated until 1910.	Old Tennent Cemetery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wissant (from Dutch ``wit zand''; equal to English ``white sand'') is a seaside commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Wissant	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Săliștea is located near the Mureş River in the southwestern part of Alba County.	Săliștea	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mytoi (pronounced MY-toy) is a small Japanese garden set within an open pine forest on Chappaquiddick Island, in Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts.	Mytoi	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beam Farm Woodland Archaeological District is a group of archaeological sites in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Beam Farm Woodland Archaeological District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roebling Road Raceway, formerly Savannah International Raceway, is a 2.02-mile (3.25 km) road racing course located just outside Bloomingdale, Georgia.	Roebling Road Raceway	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardstown City Schools is a school district located in Bardstown, Kentucky that was established in 1908.	Bardstown City Schools	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmenkollen (pronounced (ˈhɔlmənˈkɔlən)) is a neighborhood in the Vestre Aker borough of Oslo, Norway.	Holmenkollen	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyrzysk Skarbowy (ˈvɨʐɨsk skarˈbɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wyrzysk Skarbowy	Gmina Wyrzysk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aspengrove School is a pre- and high school in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada.	Aspengrove School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurjeh (Persian: كورجه‎, also Romanized as Kūrjeh; also known as Gūrjeh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kurjeh	Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahasahakama is a river village in the central part of the island of Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands.	Sahasahakama	Guadalcanal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort de Buade was a French fort across from the northern tip of the ``mitten'' of the present U.S. state of Michigan.	Fort de Buade	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newtownmountkennedy (Irish: Baile an Chinnéidigh, meaning ``Kennedy's town'') is a small town in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Newtownmountkennedy	County Wicklow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludwigshafen (Rhein) Hauptbahnhof is a railway station at Ludwigshafen am Rhein in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Ludwigshafen (Rhein) Hauptbahnhof	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khani Gol Mohammad Rakhshani (Persian: خاني گل محمدرخشاني‎, also Romanized as Khānī Gol Moḩammad Rakhshānī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khani Gol Mohammad Rakhshani	Dust Mohammad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Lawrence Island (Central Siberian Yupik: Sivuqaq) is located west of mainland Alaska in the Bering Sea, just south of the Bering Strait.	St. Lawrence Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenter-Haygood Stadium is an American football stadium in Arkadelphia, Arkansas that serves as the home field for the Henderson State Reddies.	Carpenter-Haygood Stadium	Arkadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hazen's Notch is a mountain pass in Westfield, in the northern Green Mountains of Vermont.	Hazen's Notch	Westfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halifax Historic District is a national historic district located at Halifax, Halifax County, North Carolina, US that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 with an increase in 2011.	Halifax Historic District	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Today Art Museum is a private, non-profit museum located in Beijing.	Today Art Museum	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolf Ridge Ski Resort is a ski area in the eastern United States in western North Carolina, near Mars Hill.	Wolf Ridge Ski Resort	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inskip Point is a peninsula to the north of the town of Rainbow Beach in south-east Queensland, Australia.	Inskip Point	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allendale School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade in the Borough of Allendale, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Allendale School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olinda Landfill (official name: Olinda Alpha Sanitary Landfill) is a landfill situated in Orange County, California, west of the northern portion of Chino Hills State Park in Carbon Canyon in Olinda neighborhood of Brea City.	Olinda Landfill	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kearny School District is a public school district that provides public education for students from the Town of Kearny, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	Kearny School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Căpleni (Hungarian: Kaplony, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkɒploɲ); German: Kaplau) is a commune of 4,349 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania along the border with Hungary.	Căpleni	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jhuruli (Bengali:ঝুরুলী) is a village in Basirhat II (community development block) in North 24 Parganas district of the Indian state of West Bengal.	Jhuruli	North 24 Parganas district	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	It was a municipality along with the village of Middelrode until a large-scale municipal reorganisation in 1996, when Berlicum and neighbouring Den Dungen merged with the municipality of Sint-Michielsgestel.	Berlicum	Sint-Michielsgestel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazer Ab Anari (Persian: مازر اب اناري‎, also Romanized as Māzer Āb Ānārī) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mazer Ab Anari	Lalar and Katak Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cholchelak (Persian: چلچلك‎) is a village in Mongasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cholchelak	Mongasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyżary (vɨˈʐarɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Wyżary	Gmina Gródek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aralluy-e Kuchek (Persian: ارالوی کوچک‎, also Romanized as Ārāllūy-e Kūchek; also known as Ārāllū and Ārāllū-ye Kūchek) is a village in Fuladlui Shomali Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Aralluy-e Kuchek	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taren Point Road is a major road found in Taren Point and Caringbah, New South Wales, Australia.	Taren Point Road	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fan Palm Reserve is an 8.2 ha nature reserve in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Fan Palm Reserve	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palma Nova (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈpaɫmə ˈnɔvə), ``New Palma'') is a town on the Spanish Balearic island of Majorca, in the municipality of Calvià.	Palma Nova	Calvià
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padgett's Creek Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at 843 Old Buncombe Rd, Union, South Carolina near Cross Keys, Union County, South Carolina.	Padgett's Creek Baptist Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Falmouth Village Historic District is a historic district along West Falmouth Highway (Massachusetts Route 28A) in West Falmouth, Massachusetts, which is a village in the town of Falmouth, Massachusetts.	West Falmouth Village Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hullett Provincial Wildlife Area (HPWA) is a major wetland habitat in southwestern Ontario, east of Clinton, which was developed in a partnership between the Ministry of Natural Resources and Ducks Unlimited Canada.	Hullett Provincial Wildlife Area	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balleh Sar (Persian: بله سر‎, also Romanized as Baleh Sar; also known as Balleh Sū) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Balleh Sar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longforth Farm, on the outskirts of Wellington, Somerset, England, is the site of a Bronze Age landscape and an extensive medieval structure.	Longforth Farm	Wellington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilnowo (vilˈnɔvɔ) (German Willnau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wilnowo	Gmina Morąg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makocice (makɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Makocice	Gmina Proszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanlan's Point Beach is a public beach situated on Hanlan's Point in the Toronto Islands near Toronto, Ontario on the shore of Lake Ontario.	Hanlan's Point Beach	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chengde (Chinese: 承德), previously known as Jehol or Rehe, is a prefecture-level city in Hebei province, situated northeast of Beijing.	Chengde	Hebei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lion Rock (Chinese: 獅子山), or less formally Lion Rock Hill, is a hill in Hong Kong.	Lion Rock	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petrified Forest National Park is a United States national park in Navajo and Apache counties in northeastern Arizona.	Petrified Forest National Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fjuckby (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈfjɵkːbʏ)) is a village in Uppsala Municipality, Uppsala County, Sweden, located about 15 km north of the central city Uppsala along European route E4.	Fjuckby	Uppsala Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvernia University is a private Franciscan Roman Catholic university located in Reading, Pennsylvania.	Alvernia University	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumbarton Central railway station serves the town of Dumbarton in the West Dunbartonshire region of Scotland.	Dumbarton Central railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bi Ab (Persian: بي اب‎, also Romanized as Bī Āb) is a village in Kharaqan-e Gharbi Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Bi Ab	Kharaqan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbeydorney (Irish: Mainistir Ó dTorna, meaning ``Monastery of the clan of Torna'') is a village in County Kerry in Ireland.	Abbeydorney	County Kerry
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emma J. Harvat and Mary E. Stach House, also known as the De Saint Victor House, was the home of Emma J. Harvat, who was the first female mayor of Iowa City, Iowa and the first female leader of a U.S. city with a population greater than 10,000.	Emma J. Harvat and Mary E. Stach House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toledo Transmission (also called Toledo Transmission Operations, TTO, and Powertrain Toledo) is a 2 million square feet; 151 acres General Motors transmission factory in Toledo, Ohio.	Toledo Transmission	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum de Jouéou (1.9 hectares), also known as the Arboretum Henri Gaussen, is an arboretum located on the Route de l'Hospice de France in Bagnères-de-Luchon, Haute-Garonne, Midi-Pyrénées, France.	Arboretum de Jouéou	Haute-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnów County (Polish: powiat tarnowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Tarnów County	Lesser Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mermaid House Hotel, located on East St. Louis Street in Lebanon, Illinois, was built in 1830 by the retired New England sea captain Lyman Adams.	Mermaid House Hotel	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beauregard-Keyes House is a historic residence located at 1113 Chartres Street in the French Quarter, New Orleans, Louisiana.	Beauregard-Keyes House	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Monte Vista is a famous and historic hotel located one block north of U.S. Route 66 in Flagstaff, Arizona.	Hotel Monte Vista	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sclerder Abbey (pronounced: sklerder abby; Cornish: Abatty Clerder, meaning Abbey of Clarity) is a Roman Catholic monastery in Cornwall, England, UK, located between Looe and Polperro, which accommodates an order of enclosed nuns, whose role is to pray for the Church and the wider world.	Sclerder Abbey	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charlemont Village Historic District is a historic district on MA 2 (Main St.) between South & Harmont Streets, encompassing the village center of Charlemont, Massachusetts.	Charlemont Village Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tempoczów-Kolonia (tɛmˈpɔt͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Tempoczów-Kolonia	Gmina Skalbmierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leonard Stanley is a small village on the outskirts of Stonehouse in Gloucestershire and approximately 2.5 miles from Stroud, located east of the River Severn and North East of the Bristol channel.	Leonard Stanley	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jahanuma is a populated area in Hyderabad, Telangana.	Jahanuma	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jonathan Dean House was a historic colonial American house located at 175 Dean Street in Taunton, Massachusetts, near the Raynham town line.	Jonathan Dean House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 5 Lincoln Road in Brookline, Massachusetts, is a well-preserved local example of Italianate architecture.	House at 5 Lincoln Road	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilmeedy is a village in County Limerick, in the parish of Feenagh-Kilmeedy.	Kilmeedy	County Limerick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gąsówka (ɡɔ̃ˈsufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec, within Jasło County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Gąsówka	Gmina Tarnowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dwerniczek (dvɛrˈɲit͡ʂɛk) (Ukrainian: Дверничок, Dvernychok) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Dwerniczek	Gmina Lutowiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nazigo is the site of the headquarters of Nazigo Sub-county, one of the four sub-counties in Ntenjeru County, a constituent of Kayunga District.	Nazigo	Ntenjeru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrołowice (xrɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chrołowice	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranquitte (Haitian Creole: Rankit) is a commune in the Saint-Raphaël Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.	Ranquitte	Saint-Raphaël Arrondissement
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górnowo (ɡurˈnɔvɔ) (German Gornow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Górnowo	Gmina Banie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunt Memorial Library, also known as the John M. Hunt Memorial Building, is a historic former library building at 6 Main Street in downtown Nashua, New Hampshire.	Hunt Memorial Library	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorosis Park is municipal park in The Dalles, Oregon, United States.	Sorosis Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caveira is the smallest civil parish by area on the island of Flores, located within the municipality of Santa Cruz das Flores, in the Azorean archipelago.	Caveira	Santa Cruz das Flores
located in the administrative territorial entity	John, David, and Jacob Rees House, also known as Lefevre Farm, is a historic home located at Bunker Hill, Berkeley County, West Virginia.	John, David, and Jacob Rees House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lilla Alby is a district in the southern corner of Sundbyberg Municipality, Sweden.	Lilla Alby	Sundbyberg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gymnasium Wasagasse (Bundesgymnasium Wien IX, in short BG9) is a secondary school in Alsergrund, the 9th district of Vienna.	Gymnasium Wasagasse	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geneva Glen Camp is a co-educational, non-profit, residential summer camp located in Indian Hills, Colorado.	Geneva Glen Camp	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ołdaki-Stefanowo (ɔu̯ˈdaki stɛfaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ołdaki-Stefanowo	Gmina Gzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eureka Masonic College, also known as The Little Red Schoolhouse (originally the Richland Literary Institute) in Richland, Holmes County, Mississippi, is widely known as the birthplace of the Order of the Eastern Star, created by Robert Morris.	Eureka Masonic College	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospect Farm was built by steamboat captain J. C. Jenkins on a hill overlooking Petersburg, Kentucky.	Prospect Farm	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aydughmush (Persian: ايدوغموش‎, also Romanized as Āydūghmūsh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aydughmush	Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębionka (dɛmˈbjɔnka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dębionka	Gmina Pakosław
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Island Park Caldera in the states of Idaho and Wyoming, U.S., is one of the world's largest calderas, with approximate dimensions of 80 by 65 km. Its ashfall is the source of the Huckleberry Ridge Tuff that is found from southern California to the Mississippi River near St. Louis.	Island Park Caldera	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashtab (Persian: دشت اب‎, also Romanized as Dashtāb) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dashtab	Bakharz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tate's Cairn Highway (Chinese: 大老山公路; pinyin: Dàlǎoshān Gōnglù; Cantonese Yale: daai5 lou5 saan1 gung1 lou6), opened on June 26, 1991, is a dual-3 lane expressway in Hong Kong.	Tate's Cairn Highway	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Landing is a small mall in Kansas City, Missouri.	The Landing	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shaker Museum at South Union is located at the historic site of the South Union Shaker Village in Auburn, Kentucky, USA.	Shaker Museum at South Union	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyn-e Zaeri (Persian: حسين زايري‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn-e Zā’erī, Ḩoseyn Zā’erī, and Hosein Za’eri; also known as Hasan Zīri and Ḩosfyn Zā’erī) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Hoseyn-e Zaeri	Cheghapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukoba Airport (IATA: BKZ, ICAO: HTBU) is an airport in northwestern Tanzania serving the town of Bukoba and the surrounding Kagera Region.	Bukoba Airport	Kagera Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazar Tombi (Persian: بازارتمبي‎, also Romanized as Bāzār Tombī) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bazar Tombi	Tombi Golgir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erith Playhouse is a non-professional theatre based in Erith, in the London Borough of Bexley.	Erith Playhouse	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yelah Qarshu-ye Sofla (Persian: يله قارشوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Yelah Qārshū-ye Soflá; also known as Yaleh Qārshū-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yelah Qarshu-ye Sofla	Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pájara is a town and a municipality in the southwestern portion of the island of Fuerteventura in the Province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands.	Pájara	Fuerteventura
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marsdiep is a deep tide-race between Den Helder and Texel in the Netherlands, and running southwards between sandbanks.	Marsdiep	Texel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodiak Island is a large island on the south coast of the U.S. state of Alaska, separated from the Alaska mainland by the Shelikof Strait.	Kodiak Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Youngstorget (English: Young's square) is a square and public space located in downtown Oslo.	Youngstorget	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swaner EcoCenter is a nature preserve and Utah State University Distance Education site located in Snyderville Basin near Park City, Utah.	Swaner EcoCenter	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arch Creek Petroglyphs, also known as Site 48CK41 are Native American rock art figures located in Crook County, Wyoming.	Arch Creek Petroglyphs	Crook County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wielangta forest is in south-east Tasmania, Australia.	Wielangta forest	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stade Amédée-Prouvost is an ancient stadium in Wattrelos, in the Northern Department.	Stade Amédée-Prouvost	Wattrelos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parry Street, Fremantle is a street in Fremantle, Western Australia.	Parry Street, Fremantle	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conseil des écoles catholiques du Centre-Est (CECCE, ``Centre-East French Catholic School Board''), formerly known as the Conseil des écoles catholiques de langue française du Centre-Est (CECLFCE), is Ontario's largest French language school board.	Conseil des écoles catholiques du Centre-Est	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sati-ye Vosta (Persian: ساطي وسطي‎, also Romanized as Sāţī-ye Vostá) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sati-ye Vosta	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Halliford is a small linear village, part of the Shepperton post town, in the borough of Spelthorne, Surrey, England within the Metropolitan Green Belt.	Upper Halliford	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hopestill Bent Tavern is a historic First Period tavern (now a private residence) at 252 Old Connecticut Path in Wayland, Massachusetts.	Hopestill Bent Tavern	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andrew Hunter House, also known as the Hunter-Dearborn House, is a historic house Arkansas Highway 5, a short way east of its junction with Arkansas Highway 183 in Bryant, Arkansas.	Andrew Hunter House	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Karolinów (ˈstarɨ karɔˈlinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Karolinów	Gmina Puszcza Mariańska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dutchess Community College (also known as SUNY Dutchess, Dutchess, or DCC) is one of 30 community colleges within the State University of New York system (SUNY).	Dutchess Community College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desert Botanical Garden is a 140 acres (57 ha) botanical garden located in Papago Park, at 1201 N. Galvin Parkway in Phoenix, central Arizona.	Desert Botanical Garden	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alhadi (Persian: الهادي‎, also Romanized as Alhādī) is a village in Qaleh Miran Rural District, in the Central District of Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Alhadi	Qaleh Miran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banlung (Khmer: បានលុង) is the capital of Ratanakiri Province in northeastern Cambodia.	Banlung	Ratanakiri Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mortimer L. Schiff Scout Reservation, located in central New Jersey, was a major Boy Scout training facility for almost 50 years.	Mortimer L. Schiff Scout Reservation	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monks Eleigh is a village and a civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, United Kingdom, situated on the tributary to the River Brett in a rural area.	Monks Eleigh	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nampa American Legion Chateau at 1508 2nd St., S., in Nampa, Idaho, was built in 1931.	Nampa American Legion Chateau	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Central-Merry High School (also known as Jackson Central High School or JCM) is a public four-year high school located in Jackson, Tennessee, USA.	Jackson Central-Merry High School	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tijerd (Persian: تيجرد‎, also Romanized as Tījerd; also known as Tīcherd, Tījet, and Tijird) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District, in the Central District of Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Tijerd	Tirjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albaching (locally also known as ``Oibich'') is a municipality in the district of Rosenheim in Bavaria in Germany.	Albaching	Rosenheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chegerdak (Persian: چگردك‎) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chegerdak	Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Public Bath No. 7 is a historic bathhouse located in Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Public Bath No. 7	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Cerney is a village and civil parish in the English county of Gloucestershire, and lies within the Cotswolds, a range of hills designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.	North Cerney	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Yaeng (Thai: บ้านแยง) is a subdistrict in the Nakhon Thai District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Ban Yaeng	Nakhon Thai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dingwall railway station serves Dingwall, in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Dingwall railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Passaic High School is a four-year community public high school, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Passaic, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Passaic City School District.	Passaic High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Crichel is a small village and civil parish in east Dorset, England, situated on Cranborne Chase five miles north east of Blandford Forum.	Long Crichel	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirza Hoseynabad (Persian: ميرزاحسين اباد‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā Ḩoseynābād; also known as Magin, Māzhīn, Mazhīr, and Mīrzā Ḩoseynābād-e Māzhīn) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Mirza Hoseynabad	Majin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khamesabad (Persian: خامس اباد‎, also Romanized as Khāmesābād) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Khamesabad	Aliabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabiszyce Górne (ɡrabiˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Ober Gerlachsheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grabiszyce Górne	Gmina Leśna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leake Mounds (9BR2) is an important archaeological site in Bartow County, Georgia built and used by peoples of the Swift Creek Culture.	Leake Mounds	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pilanesberg (formerly Pilandsberg) is a mountain in the North West Province, South Africa.	Pilanesberg	North West
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeppelinheim station is a station in the district of Zeppelinheim of the town of Neu-Isenburg in the German state of Hesse.	Zeppelinheim station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District (Persian: دهستان بهمنشيرجنوبي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District	Central District of Abadan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coverack Bridges (Cornish: Ponskovrek) is a hamlet in southwest Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Coverack Bridges	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadfields or the Broadfields Estate is a neighbourhood of Edgware in the London Borough of Barnet in northwest London, UK.	Broadfields Estate	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mavillette is an Acadian community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located near Yarmouth.	Mavillette	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykhan Gafsheh (Persian: شيخان گفشه‎, also Romanized as Sheykhān Gafsheh) is a village in Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sheykhan Gafsheh	Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borkowo Łostowickie (bɔrˈkɔvɔ wɔstɔˈvit͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Borkowo Łostowickie	Gmina Pruszcz Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popatkhed Dam, is an earthfill dam on Dather river near Akot, Akola district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Popatkhed Dam	Akola district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haabneeme is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Viimsi Parish, Harju County, in northern Estonia alongside Viimsi.	Haabneeme	Viimsi Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saxlingham is a village that is located in the civil parish of Field Dalling in the English county of Norfolk.	Saxlingham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sai Kung East Country Park (Chinese: 西貢東郊野公園) is a 44.77 square kilometres (17.29 sq mi) country park on the Sai Kung Peninsula in Hong Kong.	Sai Kung East Country Park	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Igliano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Turin and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of Cuneo, with an area of 3.4 square kilometres (1.3 sq mi).	Igliano	Province of Cuneo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerzyków (jɛˈʐɨkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jerzyków	Gmina Męcinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woman's Club of Newport, also known as Newport Town Hall, is a historic clubhouse located at Newport, New Castle County, Delaware.	Woman's Club of Newport	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coconino National Forest is a 1.856-million acre (751,000 ha) United States National Forest located in northern Arizona in the vicinity of Flagstaff.	Coconino National Forest	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ann Halsted House is a house located at 440 W. Belden Street in the Lincoln Park community area of Chicago, Illinois.	Ann Halsted House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menjan (Persian: منجان‎, also Romanized as Menjān and Manjan; also known as Mīkhān and Minjān) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Menjan	Qolqol Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hebe Haven, also known as Pak Sha Wan (Chinese: 白沙灣; pinyin: Báishā Wān; literally: ``white sand bay''), is a harbour in the south shore of Sai Kung Peninsula in Hong Kong.	Hebe Haven	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozanki Podleśne (kɔˈzanki pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kozanki Podleśne	Gmina Świnice Warckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirocin Dolny (miˈrɔt͡ɕin ˈdɔlnɨ) (formerly German Nieder Herzogswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Mirocin Dolny	Gmina Kożuchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Training Center Petaluma is a Coast Guard training facility in the northern California counties of Sonoma and Marin.	Training Center Petaluma	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Concrete arch bridge over Patchogue Lake on Roe Boulevard in North Patchogue Location- Suffolk County, New York Status - Open to traffic History Built 1920 Design Arch Dimensions Length of largest span: 24.9 ft (7.6 m).	Patchogue Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derby Lane Greyhound Track is a racino located in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States.	Derby Lane Greyhound Track	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thistletown is a culturally diverse neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Thistletown	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amrudkan (Persian: امرودكان‎, also Romanized as Amrūdkān) is a village in Borun Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Amrudkan	Borun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coral Way is a neighborhood within Miami, Florida that is defined by Coral Way, a road established by Coral Gables founder George E. Merrick during the 1920s.	Coral Way	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faddiley is a small village (at SJ 590 530) and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Faddiley	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eoropie (Scottish Gaelic: Eòrapaidh) is the most northerly village on the Isle of Lewis in the parish of Ness, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Eoropie	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasli Uza (Persian: قصلي اوزا‎, also Romanized as Qaşīl Ūzā) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Qasli Uza	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Five Forks Battlefield is a battlefield of the American Civil War, located in an around the hamlet of Five Forks, Dinwiddie County, Virginia.	Five Forks Battlefield	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Tejon in California is a former United States Army outpost which was intermittently active from June 24, 1854, until September 11, 1864.	Fort Tejon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFKL is an FM radio station licensed to Rochester, New York, USA.	WFKL	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wednesbury is a market town in England's Black Country, part of the Sandwell metropolitan borough in the West Midlands, near the source of the River Tame.	Wednesbury	West Midlands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qhunqhu Wankani (Aymara, hispanicized spellings Khonkho Wankane, Khonkho Wankani, Khonko Huancane, Qhunqhu Wankane) is an archaeological site in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department, Ingavi Province, Jesús de Machaca Municipality.	Qhunqhu Wankani	Ingavi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paddington Recreation Ground is a park in Maida Vale, City of Westminster, just north of Paddington.	Paddington Recreation Ground	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Podleśna (ˈvulka pɔdˈlɛɕna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebownisko, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wólka Podleśna	Gmina Trzebownisko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achanalt (Gaelic: Achadh nan Allt) is a railway halt in Strath Bran, Ross and Cromarty, in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Achanalt	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salcea is a town in Suceava County, in the Moldavia region of northern Romania, with a population of 9,015.	Salcea	Suceava County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lençóis Paulista is a municipality in the Central West region of the state of São Paulo.	Lençóis Paulista	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRSY (101.5 FM) is an Adult Album Alternative formatted radio station, via a simulcast of WRSI, licensed to serve Marlboro, Vermont.	WRSY	Marlboro, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Disney (officially the Downtown Disney District) is an outdoor shopping, dining, and entertainment area located at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California, United States.	Downtown Disney	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dušče (Serbian: Душче) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dušče	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spangler Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, California.	Spangler Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubikowo (lubiˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Lubikowo	Gmina Przytoczna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincoln Highway Passaic River Bridge is a vehicular moveable bridge crossing the Passaic River at a point 1.8 mi (2.9 km) from the river mouth at Newark Bay in northeastern New Jersey, United States.	Lincoln Highway Passaic River Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borj-e Seyyed (Persian: برج سيد‎; also known as Qal``eh-i-Saiyid and Qal``eh-ye Seyyed) is a village in Khesht Rural District, Khesht District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 281, in 65 families.	Borj-e Seyyed	Khesht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boorger (Persian: بورگر ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Boorger	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Bridgeville Fire House is a historic fire station located in Bridgeville, Sussex County, Delaware.	Old Bridgeville Fire House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bungil Creek, part of the Balonne catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is a perennial stream located in South West Queensland, Australia.	Bungil Creek	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mar Elias Monastery is a Greek Orthodox monastery in south East Jerusalem, on a hill overlooking Bethlehem and Herodium.	Mar Elias Monastery	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Revelstoke or Revelstoke Lake or Revelstoke Lake Reservoir is an artificial lake on the Columbia River, north of the town of Revelstoke, British Columbia and south of Mica Creek.	Lake Revelstoke	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lichnówki (lixˈnufki) (German: Klein Lichtenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lichnówki	Gmina Lichnowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dong Mada (Thai: ดงมะดะ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Lao District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Dong Mada	Mae Lao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clermont Northeastern High School is a public high school in northeastern Clermont County near Batavia, Ohio and Owensville, Ohio.	Clermont Northeastern High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	109 Prince Street at the corner of Greene Street -- where it is #119 -- in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City is a historic cast-iron building.	109 Prince Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karumady is a village three km east of Ambalappuzha in Alappuzha district of the Indian state of Kerala.	Karumady	Alappuzha district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangrani is a small village of Naraingarh Tehsil, Ambala district, in the state of Haryana, India.	Sangrani	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daymav (Persian: دايماو‎, also Romanized as Dāymāv; also known as Da’em Ab and Dāymāb) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Daymav	Beygom Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumrew is a small village and civil parish in north-east Cumbria, England.	Cumrew	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poonithura (Malayalam language: പൂണി‌ത്തുറ) is a village located in the district of Ernakulam in Kerala, India.	Poonithura	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churfirsten is a mountain range in the Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.	Churfirsten	Canton of St. Gallen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słupia pod Bralinem (ˈswupja ˈpɔt braˈlinɛm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perzów, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Słupia pod Bralinem	Gmina Perzów
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQRS (98.3 FM) is a radio station in Salamanca, New York in the Olean, New York broadcasting area.	WQRS	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Koserz (ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔsɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Koserz	Gmina Chodów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Round Island Passage Light is an automated, unmanned 1948 lighthouse located in the Round Island Channel in the Straits of Mackinac, Michigan.	Round Island Passage Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Paul's University College (formerly St. Paul's United College) is an affiliated institution of the University of Waterloo, located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.	St. Paul's University College	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orange County Great Park is the official name of a plan for the public, non-aviation reuse of the decommissioned Marine Corps Air Station El Toro in Irvine, California.	Orange County Great Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leppävesi is the 65th (63.59 km²) largest lake of Finland in municipalities Jyväskylä, Laukaa and Toivakka.	Leppävesi	Jyväskylä	Laukaa	Toivakka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khachireh (Persian: خچيره‎, also Romanized as Khachīreh and Khūchīreh) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Khachireh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brigham Circle is located at the intersection of Tremont Street and Huntington Avenue in the Mission Hill neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Brigham Circle	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawarzyce (navaˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nawarzyce	Gmina Wodzisław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agricultural Institute, Borujerd (Persian: دانش سراي كشاورزي‎) is a school and village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Agricultural Institute, Borujerd	Shirvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maribyrnong Immigration Detention Centre is an Australian immigration detention facility in Maribyrnong, Victoria.	Maribyrnong Immigration Detention Centre	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Division of Hasluck is an electoral division of the Australian House of Representatives, located in Western Australia.	Division of Hasluck	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Hill Township School System is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade in Long Hill Township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Long Hill Township School System	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hillsboro Canal is located in the southeastern portion of Florida within the South Florida Water Management District, and for much of its length forms the border between Broward and Palm Beach counties; however, its western end is entirely in Palm Beach County.	Hillsboro Canal	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Astoria Elks Building, also known as Astoria B.P.O.E. Lodge No. 180 Building, is an Elks building in Astoria, Oregon, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Astoria Elks Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peconic River is a river within Suffolk County on Long Island, New York in the United States.	Peconic River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	RCAF Station Pennfield Ridge was a Royal Canadian Air Force training base located in coastal Charlotte County, New Brunswick in the hamlet of Pennfield Ridge.	RCAF Station Pennfield Ridge	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Gorgi (Persian: چشمه گرگي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gorgī and Chashmeh Gorgi; also known as Chashmeh Gogird, Chashmeh Gorgīr, and Cheshmeh Gorgīr) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Gorgi	Qaleh Tall Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minot Park District is the unit of the Minot, North Dakota municipal government responsible for maintaining city parks.	Minot Park District	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Wydrzyna (ˈvɔla vɨˈdʐɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Wydrzyna	Gmina Sulmierzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhaitou Township (Chinese: 寨头乡) is a township-level division of Lingshou County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Zhaitou Township	Lingshou County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapleau Ojibway First Nation is an Ojibwa First Nation located near Chapleau Township, Sudbury District, Ontario, Canada.	Chapleau Ojibway First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kresge Auditorium is an auditorium building for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, located at 48 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Kresge Auditorium	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azademun (Persian: ازادمون‎, also Romanized as Āzādemūn, Azadmoon, and Āzādmūn) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azademun	Ahlamerestaq-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virbhadra is a town in Dehradun district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand, located close to the pilgrimage town of Rishikesh.	Virbhadra	Dehradun district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Killimer (Irish: Cill Íomaí) is a village in County Clare, Ireland, in a civil parish of the same name.	Killimer	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paruchów (paˈruxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Paruchów	Gmina Żerków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuksar-e Shijan (Persian: توكسرشيجان‎, also Romanized as Tūksar-e Shījān; also known as Nūksar and Sheyjān) is a village in Chapar Khaneh Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tuksar-e Shijan	Chapar Khaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Attica Correctional Facility is a maximum security/supermax New York State prison located in the town of Attica, New York, operated by the New York State Department of Correctional Services.	Attica Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jodaqayah (Persian: جداقايه‎, also Romanized as Jodāqāyah, Jodāqayah, Jodā Qāyeh, and Jedāqayeh; also known as Jidāqiyeh, Joda Ghayeh, and Jodā Qeyeh) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Sharqi Rural District, Chaharduli District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Jodaqayah	Chaharduli-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeniseysk (Russian: Енисейск; IPA: (jɪnʲɪˈsʲejsk)) is a town in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located on the Yenisei River.	Yeniseysk	Krasnoyarsk Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rangeli is a Municipality and rural market town in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Rangeli	Morang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thompson Falls Dam is a dam in Sanders County, Montana, in the northwestern part of the state.	Thompson Falls Dam	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum at Central School, at the restored Central School building in Kalispell, Montana, USA, is a history museum featuring exhibits that illuminate the history of Northwest Montana.	The Museum at Central School	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Holcombe is a hamlet in Newington civil parish in South Oxfordshire, about 4.5 miles (7.2 km) north of Wallingford.	Great Holcombe	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bondone (German: Bunden in Tirol) is a comune located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Trento in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, on the border with Lombardy.	Bondone	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desha County Courthouse, on Robert S. Moore Avenue in Arkansas City, Arkansas, is the county seat of Desha County.	Desha County Courthouse	Arkansas City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waverley West is a suburb in southwest Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Waverley West	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Two Medicine Dinosaur Center is a 501(c)(3) non-profit and educational institute located in Bynum, Montana that opened in 1995.	Two Medicine Dinosaur Center	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emery LDS Church is significant as the oldest remaining religious building in Emery County and as the last remaining ``New England'' clapboard style meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Utah.	Emery LDS Church	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melarcode is a village and Gram Panchayat in Palakkad District, Kerala, South India.	Melarcode	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cliffe Castle Museum, Keighley, West Yorkshire, England, is a local heritage museum which opened in the grand, Victorian, neo-Gothic Cliffe Castle in 1959.	Cliffe Castle Museum	Keighley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mościenica (mɔɕt͡ɕeˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kórnik, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mościenica	Gmina Kórnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadat Dalpari (Persian: سادات دالپري‎, also Romanized as Sādāt Dālparī; also known as Dālparī, Dāl Parī, and Seyyed Yūsefī) is a village in Nahr-e Anbar Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sadat Dalpari	Nahr-e Anbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mafriz (Persian: مافريز‎, also Romanized as Māfrīz, Māfarīz, Mofrīs, and Mufris) is a village in Alqurat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mafriz	Alqurat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brevig (Scottish Gaelic: Brèibhig) is a village on the island of Barra, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Brevig	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint John's Cathedral Boys' School (SJCBS) was a school that was located in Selkirk, Manitoba.	Saint John's Cathedral Boys' School	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jask Rural District (Persian: دهستان جاسك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jask Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramjipura Khurd is a small village 50 km from Jaipur, Rajasthan, India.	Ramjipura Khurd	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The World Finance Tower (Chinese: 世界金融大厦) is a 43 floor tower in the Pudong area of Shanghai and was completed in 2000.	World Finance Tower	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marivani-ye Bidgoli (Persian: مريواني بيدگلي‎, also Romanized as Marīvānī-ye Bīdgolī; also known as Marīvānī-ye Bīdgol) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Marivani-ye Bidgoli	Haft Ashiyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winston Churchill Collegiate Institute (Winston Churchill CI, WCCI, Churchill) is a public high school in Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario owned and operated by the Toronto District School Board (and the former Scarborough Board of Education prior to merger.)	Winston Churchill Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słowikowa (swɔvʲiˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Słowikowa	Gmina Korzenna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kalamazoo Institute of Arts (KIA) is a non-profit art museum and school in downtown Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States.	Kalamazoo Institute of Arts	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kish Rural District (Persian: دهستان كيش‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Kish District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kish Rural District	Kish District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jinfang Subdistrict (Chinese: 金方街道; pinyin: Jīnfāng Jiēdào) is a subdistrict situated in Anning City, Yunnan province, southwestern China.	Jinfang Subdistrict	Anning
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Baltimore (UB), located in midtown Baltimore, Maryland in the Mt.	University of Baltimore	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nikola Kozlevo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Никола Козлево) is a municipality (obshtina) in Shumen Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the Ludogorie geographical region, part of the Danubian Plain.	Nikola Kozlevo Municipality	Shumen Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Homeplace is a historic home and farm complex located at Madison, Madison County, Virginia.	The Homeplace	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reef Hills State Park is a protected area of 2013 hectares, about 5 km south-west of Benalla, in the north east of Victoria, Australia.	Reef Hills State Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salehabad-e Sofla (Persian: صالح ابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Şaleḩābād-e Soflá; also known as Şaleḩābād) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Salehabad-e Sofla	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polska Nowa Wieś (ˈpɔlska ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ) (German Neudorf, Polnisch Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komprachcice, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Polska Nowa Wieś	Gmina Komprachcice
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Stephen's, Twickenham is a Church of England church on Richmond Road in East Twickenham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	St Stephen's, Twickenham	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keshcarrigan (Irish: Ceis Charraigín, the small rock on the wicker causeway) is a village in County Leitrim, Ireland.	Keshcarrigan	County Leitrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whalom Park was an amusement park located on Lake Whalom in Lunenburg, Massachusetts, that operated from 1893 to 2000.	Whalom Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOZI (101.9 FM, ``The Rock'') is a classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Presque Isle, Maine, serving the Presque Isle/Caribou/Houlton area.	WOZI	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George W. Wentworth House is a large Queen Anne style home, that was built in 1887 in West Saint Paul in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	George W. Wentworth House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuy Bolagh (Persian: كوي بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Kūy Bolāgh) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District, Pish Khowr District, Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kuy Bolagh	Pish Khowr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nha Trang (/ˌnɑːˈtʃæŋ/, Vietnamese pronunciation: (ɲaː˧ ʈʂaːŋ˧)) is a coastal city and capital of Khánh Hòa Province, on the South Central Coast of Vietnam.	Nha Trang	Khánh Hòa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willis Presbyterian Church and Cemetery, also known as Grace Baptist Church, is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery in Willis, Floyd County, Virginia.	Willis Presbyterian Church and Cemetery	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waddington Canyon is a canyon on the Homathko River in the heart of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada, located below the confluence of Mosley Creek.	Waddington Canyon	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słona (ˈswɔna) is a Polish village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Słona	Gmina Zakliczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borujerd County (Persian: شهرستان بروجرد‎) is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran.	Borujerd County	Lorestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Tiedemann 3838m (12592 feet), prominence 848m, is one of the principal summits of the Pacific Ranges subdivision of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia.	Mount Tiedemann	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tototlán is a town and municipality in Jalisco in central-western Mexico.	Tototlán	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swinside, which is also known as Sunkenkirk and Swineshead, is a stone circle lying beside Swinside Fell, part of Black Combe in southern Cumbria, North West England.	Swinside	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tashbandan (Persian: تشبندان‎, also Romanized as Tashbandān) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tashbandan	Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leichhardt River is a river in north west Queensland, Australia.	Leichhardt River	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Khezr (Persian: چشمه خضر‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Khez̤r and Cheshmehkhez̤r) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Khezr	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hucking is a small hamlet and civil parish in the Maidstone District of Kent, England.	Hucking	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamyszów (kaˈmɨʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kamyszów	Gmina Kazimierza Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Chenonceau (French: (ʃa.to də ʃə.nɔ̃.so), also spelled Chenonceaux) is a French château spanning the River Cher, near the small village of Chenonceaux in the Indre-et-Loire département of the Loire Valley in France.	Château de Chenonceau	Chenonceaux
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nizinne (niˈʑinnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nizinne	Gmina Szczecinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Explore More Discovery Museum, formerly known as the Harrisonburg Children's Museum is a non-profit museum focusing on interactive, multi-sensory learning experiences for children, located in Harrisonburg, Virginia.	Explore More Discovery Museum	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chupanga, formerly Shupanga, also known as Lacerdónia, is a village in Marromeu District, Sofala Province, Mozambique, located on the right bank of Zambezi River.	Chupanga	Sofala Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrów-Mausz (ˈɔstruf ˈmauʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ostrów-Mausz	Gmina Sulęczyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Harbor Resort and Waterpark is a resort hotel and indoor waterpark located in Dubuque, Iowa.	Grand Harbor Resort and Waterpark	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Creake is a village and civil parish in north west Norfolk, England.	South Creake	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yager Creek is a tributary stream of the Van Duzen River on the north coast of California in Humboldt County, California.	Yager Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Ganzábal is a football stadium in La Felguera, Langreo, and is the home of UP Langreo.	Estadio Ganzábal	La Felguera
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McLennan Library Building of McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada is situated at the northeast corner of Sherbrooke Street and McTavish Street.	McLennan Library Building	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuchlinek (tuˈxlinɛk) (kashubian: Tëchlink) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tuchlinek	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wangoom is a town in the Western District of Victoria, 255 kilometres (158 mi) from the state capital, Melbourne and 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from the regional centre of Warrnambool.	Wangoom	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Kaduyeh (Persian: قلعه كدويه‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Kadūyeh; also known as Kadūyeh) is a village in Khosuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 179, in 48 families.	Qaleh-ye Kaduyeh	Khosuyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mardan District is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Mardan District	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Khalil (Persian: ده خليل‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Khalīl) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh-e Khalil	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przybrzeże (pʂɨˈbʐɛʐɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Przybrzeże	Gmina Wicko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodkirk is an ancient village between Leeds and Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, England.	Woodkirk	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palmetto Building, built during 1912-1913, is an early skyscraper in Columbia, South Carolina.	Palmetto Building	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niagara Springs Wildlife Management Area at 976 acres (3.95 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Gooding County south of the town of Wendell.	Niagara Springs Wildlife Management Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raz Darrud (Persian: رزدرود‎, also Romanized as Raz Darrūd) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Raz Darrud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Symbio Wildlife Park is a zoo situated in Helensburgh, New South Wales, Australia.	Symbio Wildlife Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barking Park, in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham, in east London, is a park covering just under 30 hectares to the east of Barking town centre.	Barking Park	London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breckerfeld is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, (Germany).	Breckerfeld	Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chodae Community Church, formerly called Cho Dae Presbyterian Church, is a Korean Presbytery Church located in Norwood, New Jersey.	Chodae Community Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otis Air National Guard Base (IATA: FMH, ICAO: KFMH, FAA LID: FMH) is an Air National Guard installation located within Joint Base Cape Cod, a military training facility, located on the western portion of Cape Cod, in western Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.	Otis Air National Guard Base	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Odd Fellows and Confederate Cemetery, at the corner of Cemetery and Commerce Streets in Grenada, Mississippi is a historic cemetery.	Odd Fellows and Confederate Cemetery	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unipol Tower, is a 33-story skyscraper located at Via Larga in Bologna, Italy.	Unipol Tower	Bologna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chateau-sur-Mer is the first of the grand Bellevue Avenue mansions of the Gilded Age in Newport, Rhode Island.	Chateau-sur-Mer	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faryadras (Persian: فريادرس‎, also Romanized as Faryādras) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Faryadras	Jalalvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherak Gazeh (Persian: چرك گازه‎, also Romanized as Cherak Gāzeh) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District, Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cherak Gazeh	Sarchehan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlands County is a municipal district in north-central Alberta, Canada.	Woodlands County	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherry Orchard Road is a road and planned building development in East Croydon, London.	Cherry Orchard Road	Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abe Lemons Arena is a multi-purpose arena on the campus of Oklahoma City University in Midtown Oklahoma City.	Abe Lemons Arena	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamadyshsky District (Russian: Мамады́шский райо́н; Tatar Cyrillic: Мамадыш районы, Latin: Mamadış rayonı) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Mamadyshsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harden Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery in rural Chicot County, Arkansas.	Harden Family Cemetery	Chicot County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niemgłowy (ɲemˈɡwɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niemgłowy	Gmina Cielądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lafut-e Bala (Persian: لفوت بالا‎, also Romanized as Lafūt-e Bālā; also known as Lafūt) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lafut-e Bala	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taunton River (historically also called the ``Taunton Great River''), is a river in southeastern Massachusetts in the United States.	Taunton River	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J.L. Noble School was a historic school building located in the Juniata neighborhood of Altoona, Pennsylvania, United States.	J.L. Noble School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapunak (Persian: چوپانك‎, also Romanized as Chapūnak; also known as Akbarābād, Chūpānak, and Chūpānī) is a village in Meyami Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chapunak	Meyami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gliczyna (ɡliˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gliczyna	Gmina Strzelin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łodzinka Dolna (wɔˈd͡ʑiŋka ˈdɔlna) (Ukrainian: Лодинка-Долішня) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Łodzinka Dolna	Gmina Bircza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wietrzychówko (vjɛtʂɨˈxufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wietrzychówko	Gmina Nidzica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzęsówka (tʂɛ̃ˈsufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cmolas, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Trzęsówka	Gmina Cmolas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rawy-Gaczkowo (ˈravɨ ɡat͡ʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rawy-Gaczkowo	Gmina Zaręby Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morawy-Kopcie (mɔˈravɨ ˈkɔpt͡ɕe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Morawy-Kopcie	Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muskegon River is a river in the western portion of the lower peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.	Muskegon River	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jam Rural District (Persian: دهستان جم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Jam Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vernon J. Ehlers Station is a train station in Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States served by Amtrak, the U.S. national railroad passenger system.	Vernon J. Ehlers Station	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haavapää (also: Havapää) is a village in Veriora Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.	Haavapää	Veriora Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Col. Edward Cook House is a historic home located at Washington Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Col. Edward Cook House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paspels (Romansh: Pasqual) is a former municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Paspels	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vamdrup is a town in the Region of Southern Denmark, near Kolding in Denmark with a population of 5,022 (1 January 2014).	Vamdrup	Region of Southern Denmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ginn Carriage House is a historic carriage house at 24 Ginn Road in Winchester, Massachusetts.	Ginn Carriage House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Paulsboro is located on the Delaware River and Mantua Creek in and around Paulsboro, in Gloucester County, New Jersey, US, approximately 78 miles (126 km) from the Atlantic Ocean.	Port of Paulsboro	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	TSTC Waco Airport (IATA: CNW, ICAO: KCNW, FAA LID: CNW) is a public use airport located eight nautical miles (9 mi, 15 km) northeast of the central business district of Waco, a city in McLennan County, Texas, United States.	TSTC Waco Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	CIGV-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at 100.7 FM in Penticton, British Columbia, with rebroadcasters in Keremeos and Princeton.	CIGV-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Through the efforts of the Cider Mill Friends, the Kimlin Cider Mill has been listed on the New York State and National Registers of Historic Places and designated as a Town of Poughkeepsie Historic Landmark.	Kimlin Cider Mill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Gabriels was a minimum security state prison, located in northern New York.	Camp Gabriels	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Hood Highway No. 26 (see Oregon highways and routes) is the Oregon Department of Transportation's designation for a 93.84-mile (151.02 km) highway from Portland east around the south side of Mount Hood and north via Bennett Pass to Hood River.	Mount Hood Highway	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ormideia (Greek: Ορμήδεια (locally (oˈrmiθca))), sometimes also spelled Ormidhia, is a village in Larnaca District in south-eastern Cyprus.	Ormideia	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Janowskie (ˈbudɨ jaˈnɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Janowskie	Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tule Springs Archaeological Site is an archeological site listed on the National Register of Historic Places that is located in the Las Vegas Valley of Nevada.	Tule Springs Archaeological Site	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley Stream North High School (VSNHS) is a combined public junior and senior high school located in the hamlet of Franklin Square, New York in southwest Nassau County on Long Island.	Valley Stream North High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadio Municipal de Balaídos (Galician pronunciation: (balaˈiðos), ``Balaídos Municipal Stadium'') is the home of La Liga club Celta Vigo.	Balaídos	Vigo
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCarty Memorial Christian Church is a Gothic Revival church of the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) located at 4101 West Adams Boulevard in the historic West Adams district of Los Angeles, California.	McCarty Memorial Christian Church	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairgrounds Park (formerly known as Hagerstown Fairgrounds) is an open land park restored from fairgrounds located off Cleveland Avenue in Hagerstown, Maryland, United States.	Fairgrounds Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fishtoft is one of eighteen parishes which, together with Boston, form the Borough of Boston in the county of Lincolnshire, England.	Fishtoft	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marquette Island is the largest of the 36 islands in the Les Cheneaux archipelago of northern Michigan, United States.	Marquette Island	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nub's Nob is a ski area located in the township of Pleasantview near Harbor Springs, Michigan.	Nub's Nob	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Tallac is a mountain peak southwest of Lake Tahoe, in El Dorado County, California.	Mount Tallac	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyne Mountain Resort is a ski resort with a collection of accommodations in Northern Michigan located near Boyne City.	Boyne Mountain Resort	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Igor I. Sikorsky Memorial Airport (IATA: BDR, ICAO: KBDR, FAA LID: BDR) is a public airport in Fairfield County, Connecticut, owned by the city of Bridgeport.	Sikorsky Memorial Airport	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celle di Macra (sometimes ``Celle Macra'') is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southwest of Turin and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Cuneo.	Celle di Macra	Province of Cuneo
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSBF-FM (88.1 FM) is a college radio station licensed to Clemson, South Carolina.	WSBF-FM	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osgoode Township High School is an Ottawa-Carleton District School Board high school in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Osgoode Township High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinkajmy (kʲiŋˈkai̯mɨ) (German: Kinkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Kinkajmy	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soltanqoli (Persian: سلطانقلي‎, also Romanized as Solţānqolī) is a village in Razavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Soltanqoli	Razavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sopotsko (Macedonian: Сопотско, Albanian: Sopockë) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia.	Sopotsko	Resen Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	After surviving two devastating fires and various relocations within the area, the school moved to its current location in the Oakland neighborhood of the city; it was renamed as the University of Pittsburgh in 1908.	University of Pittsburgh	Oakland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shevergan (Persian: شورگان‎, also Romanized as Shevergān; also known as Shevergon) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shevergan	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuršumlija sits on the area of 952 km2 (367.57 sq mi) and administratively is in Toplica District.	Kuršumlija	Toplica District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leśniczówka Mirchów (lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ˈmirxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Leśniczówka Mirchów	Gmina Tarczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pniaki Mokrzeskie (ˈpɲaki mɔˈkʂɛskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pniaki Mokrzeskie	Gmina Mstów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derzerb (Persian: درزرب‎; also known as Dezerv, Dezerve, and Dozdū’īyeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Derzerb	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Darul Arqam Islamic School District (DAISD), also known as Darul Arqam Schools is a network of Islamic schools in Greater Houston, Texas, United States.	Darul Arqam Schools	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Geneva Historic District is a set of 102 buildings and structures in Geneva, Illinois.	Central Geneva Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fillmore East was rock promoter Bill Graham's rock venue on Second Avenue near East 6th Street in the (at the time) Lower East Side neighborhood, now called the East Village neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan of New York City.	Fillmore East	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scranton City Hall is located at Washington and Mulberry (US 11/PA 307) streets in the downtown section of that city in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Scranton City Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dianjiang County (Chinese: 垫江县; pinyin: Diànjiāng Xiàn) is a county located in the northeast of Chongqing Municipality in China.	Dianjiang County	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhengjiazhai (Chinese: 郑家寨镇) is a town in Ling County, Dezhou, in northwestern Shandong province, China.	Zhengjiazhai	Ling County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Bigelow House, built in 1830, is an historic Greek Revival style building located at 15 Bigelow Terrace, in the village of Newton Corner in Newton, Massachusetts.	Henry Bigelow House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramadugu is a village located 19 km from Karimnagar, Telangana State, India.	Ramadugu	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aravaipa Creek is a major drainage between three mountain ranges in southeast Graham County, Arizona.	Aravaipa Creek	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green River Lake State Park is a park located near Campbellsville, Kentucky in Taylor County.	Green River Lake State Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghiffa (Ghifa in Lombard) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) northeast of Turin and about 7 kilometres (4 mi) northeast of Verbania on the western shore of the Lake Maggiore.	Ghiffa	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spóle (ˈspulɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Galewice, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Spóle	Gmina Galewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Clapton is a district in the London Borough of Hackney.	Upper Clapton	London Borough of Hackney
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Bushwick Reformed Protestant Dutch Church Complex, also known as the ``White Church'', is a historic Dutch Reformed church in Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York.	South Bushwick Reformed Protestant Dutch Church Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Sarollah (Persian: شهرك ثارالله‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e S̄ārollāh) is a village in Hashivar Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Sarollah	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLFD (1410 AM, ``The Original'') is a radio station licensed to serve Litchfield, Minnesota, USA.	KLFD	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harrison Township School District is a comprehensive community public school district serving students in Kindergarten through sixth grade from Harrison Township, in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.	Harrison Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millennium Place is a luxury residential building located in Boston, Massachusetts.	Millennium Place	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakowm (Persian: لاكوم‎, also Romanized as Lākowm; also known as Lakom) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lakowm	Valupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel Boone Bridge is the name for two bridges carrying Interstate 64, U.S. Route 40 and U.S. Route 61 across the Missouri River between St. Louis County and St. Charles County, Missouri.	Daniel Boone Bridge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bank Saloon, at 418 S. Carson St. in Carson City, Nevada, was built in 1899.	Bank Saloon	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Center Cass School District 66 is a public school district located in Downers Grove, Illinois, in DuPage County.	Center Cass School District 66	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Paul's and St George's Church (known colloquially as ``Ps and Gs'') is a church of the Scottish Episcopal Church in central Edinburgh, Scotland.	St Paul's and St George's Church	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adirampattinam, also known by the shorter Adirai(Adriyan) is a panchayat town in Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Adirampattinam	Thanjavur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quinebaug and Shetucket Rivers Valley National Heritage Corridor is located in northeastern Connecticut and portions of Massachusetts.	Quinebaug and Shetucket Rivers Valley National Heritage Corridor	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conifer High School is a secondary school in Conifer, an unincorporated town located in the foothills of Jefferson County, southwest of Denver, Colorado.	Conifer High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ho-Ho-Kus Inn (also known as Ho-Ho-Kus Inn & Tavern) is a historic landmark that is currently a restaurant located in Ho-Ho-Kus, New Jersey, United States, at the intersection of Franklin Turnpike, Maple Avenue, and Sheridan Avenue.	Ho-Ho-Kus Inn	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kam Lasht (Persian: كملشت‎) is a village in Gohreh Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kam Lasht	Gohreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Deer/South 40 Airstrip, (TC LID: CRD4), is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) west of Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.	Red Deer/South 40 Airstrip	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shesh Debanlu (Persian: شش دبانلو‎, also Romanized as Shesh Debānlū; also known as Shesh) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Shesh Debanlu	Bibi Sakineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torra di Seneca (French: Tour de Sénèque) is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Luri, Haute-Corse.	Torra di Seneca	Luri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tannersville Cranberry Bog or Cranberry Swamp, is a sphagnum bog on the Cranberry Creek in Tannersville, Pennsylvania.	Tannersville Cranberry Bog	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potrzymowo (pɔtʂɨˈmɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Potrzymowo	Gmina Niechanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teeswater (Thompson Field) Airport, (TC LID: CPC6), is located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) south of Teeswater, Ontario, Canada.	Teeswater (Thompson Field) Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawidów (daˈviduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dawidów	Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Lithinon or Cape Lithino, Crete, Greece is a promontory at the southernmost point of the island of Crete, south of Matala and west of Kali Limenes.	Cape Lithinon	Crete
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spectrum Range, formerly called the Spectrum Mountains and the Rainbow Mountains, is a subrange of the Tahltan Highland in the Stikine Country of northwestern British Columbia, 20 km west of the Stewart-Cassiar Highway, south of Mount Edziza and north of the Arctic Lake Plateau.	Spectrum Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montezemolo (Piedmontese: Monzemo) is a village and comune (municipality) of c. 250 inhabitants in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southeast of Turin and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) east of Cuneo.	Montezemolo	Province of Cuneo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alekšince is a village and a municipality in the Nitra District in western Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Alekšince	Nitra District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siyaban (Persian: سيابان‎, also Romanized as Sīyābān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Siyaban	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banchory-Devenick (Scottish Gaelic: Beannchar Dòmhnaig) is a village approximately two kilometres south of the city of Aberdeen, Scotland in the Lower Deeside area of Aberdeenshire.	Banchory-Devenick	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lydbury North is a village and a geographically large civil parish in south Shropshire, England.The population of the Civil Parish at the 2011 census was 695.	Lydbury North	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Sarabeleh (Persian: شهرك سرابله‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sarābeleh) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Sarabeleh	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eccles Avenue Historic District, also known as the David Eccles Subdivision is a historic neighborhood located between 25th and 26th streets in Ogden, Utah, and Jackson and Van Buren Avenues.	Eccles Avenue Historic District	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gotter Hotel, at 301 W. Main St. in Enterprise, Oregon, is an Early Commercial-style building that was built in 1917.	Gotter Hotel	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moreover, the districts of Hersfeld and Rotenburg were merged into one new district, Hersfeld-Rotenburg, and Bad Hersfeld became its seat.	Bad Hersfeld	Hersfeld and Rotenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś Niechanowska (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ɲɛxaˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Wieś Niechanowska	Gmina Niechanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graham Street (Chinese: 嘉咸街) is a street in Hong Kong and location of Graham Street Market, one of the oldest markets in Victoria City.	Graham Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reilly Brothers and Raub Building is a historic commercial building located at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Reilly Brothers and Raub Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hofje van Mevrouw van Aerden is a museum and former hofje in Leerdam, Netherlands, on the Kerkstraat (numbers 57 and 89).	Hofje van Mevrouw van Aerden	Leerdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House of Moscow Oblast Government (Дом правительства московской области; called sometimes as Glass City in Myakinino, Стеклянный город в Мякинино) is a government building in Krasnogorsk, Moscow Oblast who serves the Moscow Oblast Government and the Governor of Moscow Oblast.	House of Moscow Oblast Government	Krasnogorsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMYY (92.3 ``The Wolf'') is a hot country music formatted radio station broadcasting in the Monroe, Louisiana, radio market.	KMYY	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Retignano is a village of about 400 inhabitants, located on a hill in the historical Versilia, a northern area of the Italian region of Tuscany, in the municipality of Stazzema, about 430 meters above sea level.	Retignano	Stazzema
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westfield Memorial Library is located at 550 East Broad Street, in Westfield, Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Westfield Memorial Library	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Evans Crest House is a building, now in ruins, located at the summit of Mount Evans in Colorado.	Crest House	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nel Buyi (Persian: نعل بويي‎, also Romanized as N``el Būyī) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Nel Buyi	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Princess Juliana International Airport (IATA: SXM, ICAO: TNCM) (also known as Saint Maarten International Airport) is the main airport on the Caribbean island of Saint Martin, located on the Dutch side of the island in the country of Sint Maarten.	Princess Juliana International Airport	Sint Maarten
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lloseta is a small municipality in the district of Raiguer on Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain.There is a theatre which showcases alternative music and traditional acts.	Lloseta	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robbinsdale Armstrong High School (full name Robbinsdale Neil A. Armstrong Senior High School) (abbr. AHS) is a high school located in Plymouth, Minnesota, just outside Minneapolis.	Robbinsdale Armstrong High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission Point Light is a lighthouse located in the U.S. state of Michigan at the end of Old Mission Point, a peninsula jutting into Grand Traverse Bay 17 miles (27 km) north of Traverse City.	Mission Point Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaffey Dam is a minor ungated rock fill with clay core embankment dam with an uncontrolled morning glory spillway across the Peel River, located upstream of the city of Tamworth, in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia.	Chaffey Dam	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brink (norra delen) is a village in Botkyrka Municipality, Stockholm County, southeastern Sweden.	Brink (norra delen)	Botkyrka Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leasowe (local /ˈliːsˌoʊ/) is an area on the north coast of the Wirral Peninsula, in North West England, near Moreton and between Wallasey and Meols.	Leasowe	Wirral
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulamkuzhi (Malayalam:മുളംകുഴി) is a tourist place of Kerala, that situated in Ernakulam district, and near the place of Malayattur.	Mulamkuzhi	Ernakulam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Booragoon bus station is a Transperth bus station located next to the Garden City Shopping Centre in Booragoon Western Australia.	Booragoon bus station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samsonki (samˈsɔnki) (German: Limbach) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Samsonki	Gmina Zbąszynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parama (paˈrama) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Parama	Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mojave River is an intermittent river in the eastern San Bernardino Mountains and the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Mojave River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shangsanji Township (Chinese: 上三汲乡) is a township-level division of Pingshan County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Shangsanji Township	Pingshan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church Lawford along with Cambridge, Massachusetts is said to be the inspiration for the poem as the poet visited England for a three-year trip.	Church Lawford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqlar (Persian: اق لر‎, also Romanized as Āqlar) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aqlar	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravenglass is a small coastal village and natural harbour in Cumbria, England roughly halfway between Barrow-in-Furness and Whitehaven.	Ravenglass	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Textron Tower, formerly the Old Stone Tower, is an International-style skyscraper in downtown Providence, Rhode Island.	Textron Tower	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Darvish (Persian: قره درويش‎, also Romanized as Qarah Darvīsh and Qareh Darvīsh) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Darvish	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Brussels (French: Ville de Bruxelles (vil də bʁysɛl) or alternatively Bruxelles-Ville (bʁysɛl vil), Dutch: Stad Brussel (stɑd ˈbrʏsəl) or Brussel-Stad) is the largest municipality of the Brussels-Capital Region, and the de jure capital of Belgium.	City of Brussels	Brussels-Capital Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Po Lin Monastery is a Buddhist monastery, located on Ngong Ping Plateau, on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.	Po Lin Monastery	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terling (pronounced Ter-ling or Tar-ling) is a village in the county of Essex, England, between the town of Witham and the villages of Great Leighs and Hatfield Peverel.	Terling	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gamonal is a little Spanish village, situated in the municipality of Talavera de la Reina (province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha).	Gamonal	Talavera de la Reina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edison Mall is an enclosed, super-regional shopping mall in Fort Myers, Florida.	Edison Mall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamidipalli or Mamidipalle is a revenue village in Salur mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Mamidipalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hill's Bar is a long-abandoned ghost town, really only the site of a former ghost town, located in the Fraser Canyon region of British Columbia.	Hill's Bar	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Mowich Glacier is a glacier located on the northwest flank of Mount Rainier in Washington.	North Mowich Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 14 Chestnut Street in Somerville, Massachusetts was one of the last residential structures in the Brickbottom area of the city.	House at 14 Chestnut Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tackley is a village and civil parish beside the River Cherwell in Oxfordshire, England.	Tackley	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kitimat Ranges are one of the three main subdivisions of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada, the others being the Pacific Ranges to the south and the Boundary Ranges to the north.	Kitimat Ranges	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glory of Russia Cape (Russian: Слава России, Slava Rossii) is the northernmost point of St. Matthew Island in the Bering Sea in the US state of Alaska.	Glory of Russia Cape	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbess Beauchamp and Berners Roding is a group of three small villages in the County of Essex, England.	Abbess Beauchamp and Berners Roding	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zetou (Chinese: 泽头镇) is a town in Wendeng, Weihai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Zetou	Wendeng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tongliao (Mongolian: ᠲᠦᠩᠯᠢᠶᠣᠤ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ Tüŋliyou qota; Chinese: 通辽市) is a prefecture-level city in eastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Tongliao	Inner Mongolia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvansarak (Persian: خوانسارك‎, also Romanized as Khvānsārak, Khvānsarak, and Khvonsārak; also known as Khūnsārak) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District, Pir Bakran District, Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Khvansarak	Garkan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barima-Waini (Region One) is an administrative region of Guyana, which is located in the northwest of the country.	Barima-Waini	Guyana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bergen-Byron Swamp is a protected 2,000-acre (810 ha) swamp and nature preserve located in the towns of Byron and Bergen, New York.	Bergen-Byron Swamp	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Workers' Barracks (Slovene: Delavska kasarna) is a historic building at 48 France Prešeren Street (Cesta Franceta Prešerna) in the Stara Sava district of the town of Jesenice, northwestern Slovenia.	Workers' Barracks	Jesenice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tutkabon (Persian: توتكابن‎, also Romanized as Tūtkābon and Tutkabun; also known as Tonkābon) is a city in and the capital of Rahmatabad and Blukat District, in Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tutkabon	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palowice (palɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German Pallowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwionka-Leszczyny, within Rybnik County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Palowice	Gmina Czerwionka-Leszczyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tal-e Gar (Persian: تل گر‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Gar) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tal-e Gar	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Streetly Academy (formerly known as The Streetly School) is a large co-educational secondary school in Streetly, West Midlands, England, on the border of Birmingham and Walsall local authorities.	The Streetly Academy	Walsall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Luis Reservoir is an artificial lake on San Luis Creek in the eastern slopes of the Diablo Range of Merced County, California, approximately 12 mi (19 km) west of Los Banos on State Route 152, which crosses Pacheco Pass and runs along its north shore.	San Luis Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morton Meadows is a historic neighborhood located in Midtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Morton Meadows	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver Hill Historic District encompasses the first major residential subdivision of Weston, Massachusetts.	Silver Hill Historic District	Weston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Picuogl is a mountain of the Albula Alps, located between Mulegns and the Val Bever, in Graubünden.	Piz Picuogl	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles River School was founded by parents on the banks of the Charles River in Needham, Massachusetts, USA, in 1911.	Charles River School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward R. Roybal Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a United States federal courthouse of the United States District Court for the Central District of California, in the Civic Center district of Los Angeles, California.	Edward R. Roybal Federal Building and United States Courthouse	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madulain ( (mɐduˈlaɪ̯n) ) is a municipality in the district of Maloja in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Madulain	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zahutyń (zaˈxutɨɲ) (Ukrainian: Загутинь, Zahutyn'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórz, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Zahutyń	Gmina Zagórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Proctor Creek, Jefferson Davis Highway Marker is a historic stone highway marker located near Richmond, in Chesterfield County, Virginia.	Proctor Creek, Jefferson Davis Highway Marker	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janowięta (janɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Janowięta	Gmina Opinogóra Górna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodø (pronounced (ˈbuːˈdøː) ( listen)) is a town and a municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Bodø	Nordland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinross (Gaelic: Ceann Rois) is a burgh in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Kinross	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooklyn Conservatory of Music, known at one time as the Brooklyn-Queens Conservatory of Music, is a music conservatory located in Brooklyn, New York City.	Brooklyn Conservatory of Music	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Wurm (Dutch: Worm) is a river in North Rhine-Westphalia, western Germany.	Wurm	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Omaha Scoular Building is a five story commercial use building located in the Park East neighborhood of Downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Scoular Building	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sugarloaf Ridge State Park is a state park in Northern California, U.S.A..	Sugarloaf Ridge State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maśluchy (maˈɕluxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uścimów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Maśluchy	Gmina Uścimów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Gandu (Persian: اب گندو‎, also Romanized as Āb Gandū, Ab Gandoo, and Āb Gandow) is a village in Haparu Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Gandu	Haparu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kellogg Biological Station (KBS), Michigan State University's largest off-campus education complex, is located in Hickory Corners, Michigan (about 65 miles (105 km) from the main campus).	Kellogg Biological Station	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catalina Station (CS), also known as Steward Observatory Catalina Station, is an astronomical observing facility located on Mount Bigelow in the Santa Catalina Mountains approximately 29 kilometers (18 mi) northeast of Tucson, Arizona.	Catalina Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	First State Heritage Park is Delaware's first urban ``park without boundaries'' linking historic and cultural sites in the city that has been the seat of state government since 1777.	First State Heritage Park	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denny Sanford Premier Center is a large, multi-use indoor arena in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.	Denny Sanford Premier Center	Sioux Falls
located in the administrative territorial entity	Costa Mesa Speedway in Costa Mesa, California USA is a major motorsports venue credited with the renaissance of motorcycle speedway racing in Southern California.	Costa Mesa Speedway	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Jean is a French château built on the site of an older castle in the commune of Villariès in the Haute-Garonne département of France.	Château de Jean	Villariès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieuwegein (ˌniwəˈɣɛi̯n) is a municipality and city in the Dutch province of Utrecht.	Nieuwegein	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liujia District (Chinese: 六甲區; Hanyu Pinyin: Liùjiǎ Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Liòujiǎ Cyu; Wade--Giles: Liu4-chia3 Ch'ü1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: La̍k-kah-khu) is a rural district of about 22,832 residents in Tainan, Taiwan.	Liujia District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minneapolis Golf Club is a golf club located in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Minneapolis Golf Club	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lam Tin is an area in the Kwun Tong District in southeastern New Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Lam Tin	Kwun Tong District
located in the administrative territorial entity	10 Lafayette Square, also known as the Tishman building, is a high-rise office tower located in Lafayette Square in Buffalo, New York.	10 Lafayette Square	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Shiri-ye Gerdab (Persian: دره شيري گرداب‎, also Romanized as Darreh Shīrī-ye Gerdāb; also known as Darreh Shīr) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Shiri-ye Gerdab	Charam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Borenore Caves, contained within the Borenore Karst Conservation Reserve, are a series of limestone caves that are located in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.	Borenore Caves	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Living Waters Christian Assembly is a Pentecostal church, serving the West End of Ottawa, Ontario.	Living Waters Christian Assembly	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	North East Lincolnshire is a unitary authority area in the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, bordering the unitary authority of North Lincolnshire and the non-metropolitan county of Lincolnshire.	North East Lincolnshire	Yorkshire and the Humber
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxbacken is a former locality situated in Nyköping Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden with 220 inhabitants in 2005.	Oxbacken	Nyköping Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNWT (1520 AM) is a Christian Talk formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Rossford, Ohio, serving the Toledo metropolitan area.	WNWT	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yasukand (Persian: ياسوكند‎, also Romanized as Yāsūkand; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Yāsūkand, Hasan Ābād-e-Sowgand, Ḩasanābād-e Sūgand, and Korānī) is a city in and capital of Korani District, in Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Yasukand	Korani District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarabqolu (Persian: قرابقلو‎, also Romanized as Qarābqolū; also known as Qarābgholū and Qarāblū) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarabqolu	Bash Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robat-e Khakestari (Persian: رباطخاكستري‎, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Khākestarī) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Robat-e Khakestari	Sarjam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koszarsko (kɔˈʂarskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Koszarsko	Gmina Żółkiewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Reza Alavi (Persian: تلمبه سيدرضاعلوي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Rez̤ā ʿAlavī) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Reza Alavi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metropolitan Correctional Center, San Diego (MCC San Diego) is a United States federal administrative detention facility in California which holds male and female prisoners of all security levels.	Metropolitan Correctional Center, San Diego	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. Colin English School (also known as the J. Colin English Elementary School) is a historic school in North Fort Myers, Florida, United States.	J. Colin English School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karam Bast (Persian: كرم بست‎; also known as Karambās) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Karam Bast	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern Bridge (Latvian: Dienvidu tilts) crosses the Daugava river in Riga, the capital of Latvia.	Southern Bridge	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Pęcławice (kɔˈlɔɲa pɛnt͡swaˈvit͡sɛ) (till 31 December 2000 as at Tomtasówka-Kolonia Pęcławice) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kolonia Pęcławice	Gmina Bogoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nakhrola is a village in the Gurgaon mandal, of Gurgaon District in the state of Haryana in India.	Nakhrola	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nikkei Internment Memorial Centre is a museum and interpretive centre in New Denver, British Columbia, Canada, dedicated to the history of the Japanese Canadians who were relocated to internment camps during World War II by the Canadian government (see Japanese Canadian internment).	Nikkei Internment Memorial Centre	New Denver
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXRA-FM (92.3 FM, ``KX92'') is a classic rock music radio station in Alexandria, Minnesota, USA, owned by Paradis Broadcasting Inc, which also owns KXRZ and KXRA.	KXRA-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milngavie railway station serves the town of Milngavie, East Dunbartonshire, near Glasgow in Scotland.	Milngavie railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalman (Persian: شلمان‎, also Romanized as Shalmān and Shalimān; also known as Shalmānd) is a city in Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shalman	Kumeleh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dietwiller (German: Dietweiler) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in eastern France.	Dietwiller	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buchans is a town located in the central part of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Buchans	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filipole (filiˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Filipole	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Larimer School in the Larimer neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a school built in 1896.	Larimer School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maple Cross is a village in Hertfordshire, England with a large proportion of the housing being either council owned or previously council owned.	Maple Cross	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Missouri Pacific Railway Van Noy Eating House is a historic restaurant building at the corner of Seamans Drive and Railroad Street in McGehee, Arkansas.	Missouri Pacific Railway Van Noy Eating House	McGehee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Dzieduszyce (ˈstarɛ d͡ʑɛduˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German Alt Diedersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica, within Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Stare Dzieduszyce	Gmina Witnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Curtius Museum (Musée Curtius) is a museum of archaeology and decorative arts, located on the bank of the Meuse River in Liège, classified as a Major Heritage of Wallonia.	Curtius Museum	Liège
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bolton is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide, northeast of Elkford, Kootenay Land District.	Mount Bolton	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobruja (Bulgarian: Добруджа, Dobrudža; Romanian: Dobrogea pronounced (ˈdobrod͡ʒe̯a) or (doˈbrod͡ʒe̯a); Turkish: Dobruca) is a historical region shared today by Bulgaria and Romania.	Dobruja	Bulgaria	Romania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balvenie distillery is a Speyside single malt Scotch whisky distillery in Dufftown, Scotland, owned by William Grant & Sons.	Balvenie distillery	Dufftown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakar District (Pashto: کاکر‎, Persian: ولسوالی کاکر‎; also Khak-e Afghan, Pashto: خاک افغان‎ ) is a district of Zabul Province in southern Afghanistan.	Kakar District	Zabul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taglak (Persian: تگلك‎; also known as Taglag) is a village in Rahal Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Taglak	Rahal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieczajna Górna (ɲeˈt͡ʂai̯na ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nieczajna Górna	Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pic de Bugatet (2,877 m) is a mountain in the Néouvielle massif in the Pyrenees, lying within the Néouvielle National Nature Reserve in the commune of Saint-Lary-Soulan within the department of the Hautes-Pyrénées.	Pic de Bugatet	Hautes-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narkolgeh (Persian: نركلگه‎) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Narkolgeh	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobyletska Poliana (Ukrainian: Кобилецька Поляна; Hungarian: Gyertyánliget; Russian: Кобылецкая Поляна) is an urban-type settlement in Rakhiv Raion (district) of Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Kobyletska Poliana	Rakhiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXBH-LP (92.7 FM) was a non-commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Louisville, Kentucky.	WXBH-LP	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Shohada (Persian: چاه شهدا‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Shohadā) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bafq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Chah-e Shohada	Mobarakeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Pinos Lighthouse was lit in 1855 to guide ships on the Pacific coast of California.	Point Pinos Lighthouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nassau Presbyterian Church is a historic congregation located at 61 Nassau Street in Princeton, New Jersey, United States.	Nassau Presbyterian Church	Princeton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lidmore or Lydmore is a small hamlet and farm in the Vale of Glamorgan.	Lidmore	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thurloxton is a village and civil parish 5 miles (8.0 km) north east of Taunton, and 5 miles (8.0 km) south west of Bridgwater on the south-eastern slopes of the Quantock Hills in the Sedgemoor district of the county of Somerset, in England.	Thurloxton	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qods County (Persian: شهرستان قدس‎) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran.	Qods County	Tehran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azan Deh (Persian: ازان ده‎, also Romanized as Azān Deh) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azan Deh	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jorgheh (Persian: جرغه‎, also Romanized as Jargheh) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District, Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jorgheh	Qarah Bulaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Michigan Matthaei Botanical Gardens (300 acres, 121 hectares) includes botanical gardens, natural areas with trails, and several research-quality habitats.	Matthaei Botanical Gardens	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavanat (Occitan: Chavanac) is a commune in the Creuse department in the Limousin region in central France.	Chavanat	Creuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowkar-e Shafi (Persian: جوكارشفيع‎, also Romanized as Jowkār-e Shafīʿ) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jowkar-e Shafi	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Jadid (Persian: حاجي آباد جديد‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Jadīd; also known simply as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Jadid	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Angeles County High School for the Arts (LACHSA, /ˈlɔːksə/) is a Visual and Performing Arts high school located on the campus of California State University, Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, United States.	Los Angeles County High School for the Arts	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqueduct Racetrack is a Thoroughbred horse-racing facility and racino in South Ozone Park, Queens, New York City.	Aqueduct Racetrack	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tower of Hercules (Galician and Spanish: Torre de Hércules) is an ancient Roman lighthouse on a peninsula about 2.4 kilometers (1.5 mi) from the centre of A Coruña, Galicia, in north-western Spain.	Tower of Hercules	A Coruña
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbour Station is an arena located in the uptown area of Saint John, New Brunswick.	Harbour Station	Saint John
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morrone Stadium, officially known as Joseph J. Morrone Stadium is the on-campus soccer stadium at University of Connecticut in Storrs, Connecticut.	Morrone Stadium	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wężówko (vɛ̃ˈʐufkɔ) (German: Wensowken, 1938-1945 Wensen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wężówko	Gmina Budry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ammagari Palle is a village located at a distance of around 1.5 kilometers from Sodam, Chittoor District, Andhra Pradesh.	Ammagari Palle	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taherpur is a city and a notified area under Taherpur police station in Nadia district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Taherpur	Nadia district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalaid Banner, officially Jalaid Qi (Mongolian: ᠵᠠᠯᠠᠢᠳ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Jalaid qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 扎赉特旗; traditional Chinese: 紮賚特旗; pinyin: Zālàitè Qí) Zhalaite Banner, Hinggan League is a banner under the jurisdiction of Hinggan League in the northeast of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.	Jalaid Banner	Hinggan League
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komorczyn (kɔˈmɔrt͡ʂɨn) (German: Kummerzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Komorczyn	Gmina Kobylnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mal-e Qayed (Persian: مال قايد‎, also Romanized as Māl-e Qāyed and Māl-e Qā’ed; also known as Mal Gha’eh) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District, in the Central District of Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mal-e Qayed	Hayat Davud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirabad-e Sukhek (Persian: اميرابادسوخك‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Sūkhek; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Sukhek	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keystone Wye is an interchange of US 16 and US 16A located in the Black Hills of South Dakota, featuring two unique structural glued laminated timber bridges.	Keystone Wye	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangupalem Kodur is a village in Pittalavanipalem mandal, in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Sangupalem Kodur	Guntur district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzieżki (ˈd͡ʑeʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dzieżki	Gmina Mońki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terang College is a government school located in Terang, Victoria, Australia.	Terang College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iclod (Hungarian: Nagyiklód; German: Grossikladen) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania.	Iclod	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soldier Creek Dam is an earthen dam on the Strawberry River, located in Wasatch County, Utah in the United States.	Soldier Creek Dam	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olekszyn (ɔˈlɛkʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Olekszyn	Gmina Kiszkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Checca District is the largest of eight districts in the Canas Province in Peru.	Checca District	Canas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bell Inn is an ancient pub in Nottingham, England.	The Bell Inn	Nottingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fivebough and Tuckerbil Swamps are two swamps lying close to the Riverina town of Leeton in New South Wales, Australia.	Fivebough and Tuckerbil Swamps	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dollis Valley Greenwalk (or Green Walk) is a footpath route in the London Borough of Barnet in London, England, between Moat Mount Nature Reserve in Mill Hill and Hampstead Heath.	Dollis Valley Greenwalk	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Dozdan (Persian: چشمه دزدان‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Dozdān and Chashmeh-e Dozdān) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Dozdan	Sornabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opequon Historic District is a national historic district located near Winchester, Frederick County, Virginia.	Opequon Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fox Primary School is a primary school in London for children between the ages of 4 and 11, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.	Fox Primary School	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garvin Cavaness House, now the Drew County Historical Museum, is a historic house at 404 South Main Street in Monticello, Arkansas.	Garvin Cavaness House	Monticello
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cancer, There Is Hope is an outdoor bronze sculpture by Victor Salmones, installed in Houston, Texas, in the United States.	Cancer, There Is Hope	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQMA is an FM radio station broadcasting on 92.5 FM from Phillipsburg, Kansas.	KQMA	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jijabad (Persian: جيج اباد‎, also Romanized as Jījābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jijabad	Darbqazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khung Taphao (Thai: คุ้งตะเภา) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Uttaradit District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Khung Taphao	Mueang Uttaradit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lehigh Valley International Airport (IATA: ABE, ICAO: KABE, FAA LID: ABE) (formerly Allentown--Bethlehem--Easton International Airport) is a public airport in Hanover Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.	Lehigh Valley International Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camden Masonic Temple, also known as Mount Zion Lodge #211, is a historic Masonic Lodge located at Camden, Carroll County, Indiana.	Camden Masonic Temple	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beach Channel Drive is the main thoroughfare of the Rockaway Peninsula in the New York City borough of Queens.	Beach Channel Drive	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Katherine E. Nash Gallery is an art gallery located at the University of Minnesota Department of Art on the West Bank of the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota in the United States.	Katherine E. Nash Gallery	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCRH at 90.5 FM is a religious radio station in Hagerstown, Maryland from Cedar Ridge Ministries.	WCRH	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cleveland Dam is a concrete dam at the head of the Capilano River in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada that holds back Capilano Lake, also known as Capilano reservoir.	Cleveland Dam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Theodore Baird Residence, also known as Baird House, is a suburban house designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright, and located at 38 Shays Street in Amherst, Massachusetts, USA.	Theodore Baird Residence	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takht Arreh Yek (Persian: تخت‌اره یک‎) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takht Arreh Yek	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hays Regional Airport (IATA: HYS, ICAO: KHYS, FAA LID: HYS) is three miles southeast of Hays, in Ellis County, Kansas.	Hays Regional Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyhl (German pronunciation: (ˈviːl)) is a municipality in the district of Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany.	Wyhl	Emmendingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mogno is a village in Vallemaggia District in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.	Mogno	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dang Tong District (Khmer: ស្រុកដងទង) is a district located in Kampot Province, in southern Cambodia.	Dang Tong District	Kampot Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere di Pietra Papa is the stretch of the lungotevere that connects Lungotevere Vittorio Gassman to Piazza Augusto Righi, in Rome's Portuense district.	Lungotevere di Pietra Papa	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Tol (Persian: چهارتل‎, also Romanized as Chahār Tol) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Chahar Tol	Baghak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dagebüll (Mooring North Frisian: Doogebel; Danish: Dagebøl) is a municipality located at the west coast of Schleswig-Holstein in the Nordfriesland district, Germany.	Dagebüll	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świniowice (ɕfiɲɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tworóg, within Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Świniowice	Gmina Tworóg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miliće (Serbian Cyrillic: Милиће), is a village in Serbia, located in the municipality of Kraljevo, in Raška District.	Miliće	Kraljevo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrukowa (mruˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Jasielski, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Mrukowa	Gmina Osiek Jasielski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petti Mohammad Jadgal (Persian: پتي محمد جدگال‎, also Romanized as Pettī Moḩammad Jadgāl) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Petti Mohammad Jadgal	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goddard United Methodist Church formerly the Dodson Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church, is a historic church at 1922 Dodson Avenue in Fort Smith, Arkansas.	Dodson Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zard Fahreh (Persian: زردفهره‎; also known as Zard Nahreh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Zard Fahreh	Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czaje-Bagno (ˈt͡ʂajɛ ˈbaɡnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czaje-Bagno	Gmina Ciechanowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jere Shine Site (1MT6) is an archaeological site near the confluence of the Tallapoosa and Coosa rivers in modern Montgomery County, Alabama.	Jere Shine Site	Montgomery County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tuckerton School District is a community public school district that serves students in public school for pre-Kindergarten through sixth grade from the borough of Tuckerton, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Tuckerton School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rampur district (Hindi: रामपुर ज़िला, Urdu: رام پور ضلع‎) is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and Rampur town is the district headquarters.	Rampur district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masiniyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: مثينيه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Masīnīyeh-ye Soflá and Moseynīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Masīnīyeh, Mohs̄enīyeh, and Moseynīyeh) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Masiniyeh-ye Sofla	Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blind Department Building and Dow Hall, State School for the Blind were two buildings that were part of the Minnesota State Academy for the Blind, a public school administered by the state in Faribault, Minnesota, USA.	Blind Department Building and Dow Hall, State School for the Blind	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schaumburg Township District Library, located in Schaumburg, Illinois, USA, is the second largest public library in Illinois.	Schaumburg Township District Library	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oliver Filley House is a historic Greek Revival house at 130 Mountain Avenue in Bloomfield, Connecticut, United States.	Oliver Filley House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liberty Mutual Tower, located at 157 Berkeley Street, is a new skyscraper in the Back Bay neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Liberty Mutual Tower	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomona Landing Airport (FAA LID: 78FL) is a turf airstrip located 1 mile east of Pomona Park, Florida.	Pomona Landing Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gamlebyen Church is a private church, belonging to Oslo University Hospital and is also called Oslo Hospital's Church, located in the old town of Oslo, Norway.	Gamlebyen Church	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John C. Sharp House, located off Utah 36 in Vernon, Utah, is an Italianate house that was built in 1888.	John C. Sharp House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wiluna uranium mine is a proposed uranium mine in Western Australia.	Wiluna uranium mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kułygi (kuˈwɨɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kułygi	Gmina Siemiatycze
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Sheeley House is an Italianate building in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, United States.	James Sheeley House	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang County or Tangxian (simplified Chinese: 唐县; traditional Chinese: 唐縣; pinyin: Táng xiàn) is a county under the jurisdiction of Baoding prefecture-level city, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Tang County	Baoding
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Bicycling Hall of Fame, located in Davis, California, is a private organization formed to preserve and promote the sport of cycling.	United States Bicycling Hall of Fame	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Gilead, Tennessee (sometimes called Mt. Gilead) is an unincorporated community located in Henderson County, Tennessee, United States at latitude 35.766 and longitude -88.54, at an elevation of 561 feet.	Mount Gilead, Tennessee	Henderson County
located in the administrative territorial entity	From 1961 to 2013, Bhiloda was a part of Sabarkantha district which was bifurcated and Aravalli district was formed.	Bhiloda	Sabarkantha district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jovinow (Persian: جوينو‎, also Romanized as Jovīnow) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jovinow	Dasht-e Laleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Hose and Steam Fire Engine Company, No. 1 is located in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania.	Washington Hose and Steam Fire Engine Company, No. 1	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmony Mills, in Cohoes, New York, United States, is an industrial district that is bordered by the Mohawk River and the tracks of the former Troy and Schenectady Railroad (now the Mohawk-Hudson bike trail).	Harmony Mills	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuet Chang (Thai: กื้ดช้าง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Taeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Kuet Chang	Mae Taeng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Dadkhoda, Zahedan (Persian: چاه دادخدا‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Dadkhoda, Zahedan	Corrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 42 Vinal Avenue in Somerville, Massachusetts is a well-preserved Shingle style house.	House at 42 Vinal Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manitou Cliff Dwellings are a tourist attraction, located just west of Colorado Springs, Colorado on U.S. Highway 24 in Manitou Springs.	Manitou Cliff Dwellings	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sather Tower is a campanile (bell and clock tower) on the University of California, Berkeley campus.	Sather Tower	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lac de Maine Stadium is a football stadium located at Angers in the district of Lac de Maine.	Lac de Maine Stadium	Angers
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Lane, on the crest of Mount Oread, then southwest of Lawrence, Kansas, was built by the residents of Lawrence in 1856 to serve as a lookout post to observe groups of men desiring to attack Lawrence.	Fort Lane	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tudek Site is an archaeological site located near State College in Centre County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Tudek Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiciejów (viˈt͡ɕejuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cegłów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wiciejów	Gmina Cegłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fay Club was a private social club located at 658 Main Street in Fitchburg, Massachusetts.	Fay Club	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oliver Lee Memorial State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, whose two tracts preserve a canyon in the Sacramento Mountains and Oliver Lee's historic 19th-century ranch house.	Oliver Lee Memorial State Park	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lely High School is a public high school (9-12) located in unincorporated Collier County, Florida, United States, east of Naples.	Lely High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mafranqah (Persian: مفرنقاه‎, also Romanized as Mafranqāh, Merafneqā, and Mafranqā; also known as Marfanqā) is a village in Faruj Rural District, in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mafranqah	Faruj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calgary Nose Hill (formerly Calgary--Nose Hill) is a federal electoral district in Alberta, Canada, that was represented by Diane Ablonczy in the Canadian House of Commons from 1997 to 2015.	Calgary Nose Hill	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubois-Kierstede Stone House is one of several historic stone buildings in Saugerties, New York.	Dubois-Kierstede Stone House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dauphin County Courthouse is a government building of Dauphin County located in the county seat, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	Dauphin County Courthouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darkhvor-e Aqa Reza (Persian: دارخوراقارضا‎, also Romanized as Dārkhvor-e Āqā Reẕā; also known as Dārkhor-e Āqā Reẕā) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darkhvor-e Aqa Reza	Haft Ashiyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	TRFM (formerly 3TRFM) is an Australian radio station operating west of Traralgon, Victoria.	TRFM	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuineje is a town and a municipality in the southern part of the island of Fuerteventura in the Province of Las Palmas, Canary Islands, Spain.	Tuineje	Fuerteventura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahuréi (sometimes called Ahurei, Ha'urei or Ha'uréi, latter two also show how it is pronounced), is the capital of Rapa and the rest of the Bass Islands of French Polynesia.	Ahurei	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Days of '47 Parade is an annual parade presented by The Days of '47, Inc. The three-hour event is held in Salt Lake City starting at 9:00 a.m. MDT on July 24, the same day as Pioneer Day, a Utah state holiday.	Days of '47 Parade	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	It consists of two small disconnected territories of the Canton of Geneva into the Canton of Vaud, near Crans-près-Céligny.	Céligny	Canton of Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenley Brook End is a village, district and civil parish in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England.	Shenley Brook End	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landau an der Isar (official name: Landau a.d.Isar) is the second largest town in the Lower Bavarian district, or Landkreis, of Dingolfing-Landau, in the state of Bavaria, Germany.	Landau an der Isar	Dingolfing-Landau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oji River is a Local Government Area of Enugu State, Nigeria to the south bordering Anambra State and Abia State.	Oji River	Enugu State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Astayesh (Persian: استايش‎, also Romanized as Āstāyesh and Estāyesh) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Astayesh	Belharat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faram Lek (Persian: فرام لك‎, also Romanized as Farām Lek) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Faram Lek	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavkan-e Guran (Persian: گاوكان گوران‎, also Romanized as Gāvkān-e Gūrān) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gavkan-e Guran	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Alpine Museum of Australia is located at Mount Buller, Victoria, Australia at the Mt Buller Community Centre, formerly the campus of La Trobe University.	National Alpine Museum of Australia	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Necedah National Wildlife Refuge is a 43,696-acre (177 km2) National Wildlife Refuge located in northern Juneau County, Wisconsin near the village of Necedah.	Necedah National Wildlife Refuge	Juneau County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldbury-on-the-Hill is a small village and former civil parish in Gloucestershire, England, ninety-three miles west of London and less than one mile (1.6 km) north of the village of Didmarton.	Oldbury-on-the-Hill	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bariran (Persian: بريران‎, also Romanized as Barīrān; also known as Barīvān) is a village in Tulem Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bariran	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baz Kia Gurab Rural District (Persian: دهستان بازكياگوراب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Baz Kia Gurab Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostal Cone, also called Kostal Volcano and Fire Mountain, is a young cinder cone in Wells Gray Provincial Park in east-central British Columbia, Canada.	Kostal Cone	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahruyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان كهرويه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kahruyeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 384 (abbreviated I-384) is an Interstate Highway located entirely within the state of Connecticut.	Interstate 384	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jones Warehouses are an historic industrial area at 49-63 Central Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	Jones Warehouses	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fullerton Transportation Center is a passenger rail and bus station located in Fullerton, Orange County, California, United States.	Fullerton Transportation Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishopsgate is one of the 25 wards of the City of London and also the name of a major road (part of the A10) between Gracechurch Street and Norton Folgate in the northeast corner of London's main financial district.	Bishopsgate	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nicola Valley Memorial Arena is a 1,000-seat multi-purpose year-round arena in Merritt, British Columbia, Canada.	Nicola Valley Memorial Arena	Merritt, British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiu Yuen Cemetery (Chinese: 昭遠墳場) is a cemetery located on Mount Davis, on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Chiu Yuen Cemetery	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javorani (Cyrillic: Јаворани), is a village in Kneževo (Skender Vakuf) municipality, near Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Javorani	Kneževo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tratalias is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Carbonia-Iglesias in the Island of Sardinia, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Cagliari and about 8 kilometres (5 mi) southeast of Carbonia.	Tratalias	Province of Carbonia-Iglesias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsūjun Bridge (通潤橋 -kyō) is an aqueduct in Yamato, Kumamoto, Japan.	Tsūjun Bridge	Yamato
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qazi Khani (Persian: قاضي خاني‎, also Romanized as Qāẕī Khānī; also known as Khāvand) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Qazi Khani	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalekash-e Lat (Persian: چالكش لات‎, also Romanized as Chālekash-e Lāt and Chālekash Lāt) is a village in Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chalekash-e Lat	Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pîtres (medieval Pistres) is a commune in the Eure department in Haute-Normandie in north-western France.	Pîtres	Eure
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khandaq (Persian: خندق‎) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khandaq	Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Nowogródek Pomorski (kɔˈlɔɲa nɔvɔˈɡrudɛk pɔˈmɔrski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kolonia Nowogródek Pomorski	Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. James Collegiate is a grade 9 to 12 secondary school in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	St. James Collegiate	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muskrat River is a river in Renfrew County, Ontario, Canada that flows into the Ottawa River at the city of Pembroke.	Muskrat River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walla Walla General Hospital is a 72-bed acute-care hospital located at the base of the Blue Mountains serving approximately 70,000 residents of Southeastern Washington and Northeastern Oregon.	Walla Walla General Hospital	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brondy (ˈbrɔndɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brondy	Gmina Szadek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skeleton Canyon, called Canon Bonita by the Mexicans, is located 30 miles (50 km) northeast of the town of Douglas, Arizona, in the Peloncillo Mountains, which straddle the modern Arizona and New Mexico state line, in the New Mexico Bootheel region.	Skeleton Canyon	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée Toulouse-Lautrec is a museum in Albi in southern France, dedicated mainly to the work of the painter Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec who was born near Albi.	Musée Toulouse-Lautrec	Albi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kern Bridge or Yaeger Bridge crosses the Le Sueur River in Blue Earth County in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Kern Bridge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ephraim Cleveland House is an American historic home in the town of Naples in Ontario County, New York.	Ephraim Cleveland House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łasko (ˈwaskɔ) (formerly German Althütte) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łasko	Gmina Bierzwnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahnok Ladi (Persian: كهنك لدي‎, also Romanized as Kahnok Ladī) is a village in Dalgan Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kahnok Ladi	Dalgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huttonsville Correctional Center is a prison located near Huttonsville in Randolph County, West Virginia.	Huttonsville Correctional Center	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bernhartshöhe (Bernhart's heights) is a mountain of 549 m (1,801 ft) on the territory of the Vaihingen district, covering the southwesternmost part of the city of Stuttgart, capital of the German Bundesland (state) of Baden-Württemberg.	Bernhartshöhe	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Freehold Borough Schools are a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Freehold Borough in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Freehold Borough Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelšava (German: Eltsch or Jelschau; Hungarian: Jolsva; Latin: Alnovia) is a town and municipality in Revúca District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Jelšava	Revúca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friends Advice is a historic home and national historic district located at Boyds, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States.	Friends Advice	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaton Obrovački (Croatian pronunciation: (zǎːton obrǒʋat͡ʃkiː)) is a village in the municipality of Jasenice, Zadar County, in Croatia.	Zaton Obrovački	Jasenice, Zadar County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szamotuły County (Polish: powiat szamotulski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Szamotuły County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coso Volcanic Field is located in Inyo County, California, at the western edge of the Basin and Range geologic province and northern region of the Mojave Desert.	Coso Volcanic Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waliły-Dwór (vaˈliwɨ ˈdvur) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Waliły-Dwór	Gmina Gródek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlands Academy of the Sacred Heart (Woodlands, WA, or WASH) is a private, Roman Catholic girls' high school in Lake Forest, Illinois, north of Chicago.	Woodlands Academy of the Sacred Heart	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sargezeh (Persian: سرگزه‎; also known as Sargīzeh) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sargezeh	Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golden Eagle-Toppmeyer Site is a pre-Columbian archaeological site located near the confluence of the Illinois and Mississippi Rivers in Calhoun County, Illinois.	Golden Eagle-Toppmeyer Site	Calhoun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kačanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Качањ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kačanj	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciudad Evita (Evita City) is a city in La Matanza Partido, within the Greater Buenos Aires metro area.	Ciudad Evita	La Matanza Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galleria at White Plains is a large enclosed urban shopping mall located in the downtown area of White Plains, New York, a commercial and residential suburb 20 miles (32 km) north of New York City.	The Galleria at White Plains	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloudveil Dome (12,026 feet (3,666 m)) is located in the Teton Range, Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming, immediately southeast of Grand Teton.	Cloudveil Dome	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuocheng District, formerly Shuo County, is the main urban district of the prefecture-level city of Shuozhou in Shanxi province, China.	Shuocheng District	Shuozhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Layizkarim (Persian: لايزكريم‎, also Romanized as Lāyīzkarīm) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Layizkarim	Jeygaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Building at 142 Collins Street in Hartford, Connecticut, is a well-preserved Queen Anne Victorian house, built in 1890.	Building at 142 Collins Street	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clearwater River Dene Nation is a Dene First Nations band government in the boreal forest area of northern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Clearwater River Dene Nation	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matfield is a small village, part of the civil parish of Brenchley, in the Tunbridge Wells Borough of Kent, England.	Matfield	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirch Rural District (Persian: دهستان سيرچ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sirch Rural District	Shahdad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabistalam is a region located in the Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu state of India.	Kabistalam	Thanjavur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Kuchak (Persian: كلاته كوچك‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Kūchak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Kuchak	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrociszew (vrɔˈt͡ɕiʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wrociszew	Gmina Warka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ringos Mill Covered Bridge spans Fox Creek in Fleming County, Kentucky in a single 90-foot span.	Ringos Mill Covered Bridge	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podsuliszka (pɔtsuˈliʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podsuliszka	Gmina Skaryszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westgaard Bridge, also known as Souris River Bridge, near Voltaire, North Dakota is a Pratt pony through truss structure that was built in 1902.	Westgaard Bridge	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crook Farm is an historic district in Foster Township near Bradford, McKean County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Crook Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport (IATA: BJC, ICAO: KBJC, FAA LID: BJC) is a public-use airport located near Broomfield, Colorado, United States.	Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darke County Airport (ICAO: KVES, FAA LID: VES) is a county owned, public use airport in Darke County, Ohio, United States.	Darke County Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa, Casa Casuarina, (also known as Versace Mansion) is a property previously owned by Italian fashion impresario Gianni Versace at Ocean Drive in the Miami Beach Architectural District, Florida.	Casa Casuarina	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Members of the Lüneburg Regional Association are the Landkreis (counties) of Harburg, Lüneburg, Uelzen, Soltau-Fallingbostel, Celle, Gifhorn and Lüchow-Dannenberg, die towns of Lüneburg, Celle and Wolfsburg as well as the historic estates of the former Principality of Lüneburg.	Lüneburg Regional Association	Harburg	Uelzen	Celle	Gifhorn	Lüchow-Dannenberg	Wolfsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loveland Ski Area is a ski area in the western United States, located near the town of Georgetown, Colorado.	Loveland Ski Area	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garboldisham is a village and civil parish, part of Guiltcross (hundred) in the Breckland district, in Norfolk, England, near the boundary with Suffolk.	Garboldisham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludlow-Van Rensselaer House is a historic home located at Claverack in Columbia County, New York, next to the William Henry Ludlow House.	Ludlow-Van Rensselaer House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bostantsi (Bulgarian: Бостанци) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Bostantsi	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bożeń (ˈbɔʐɛɲ) (German: Buschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bożeń	Gmina Wołów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Tir (Persian: تنگ تير‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Tīr) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Tang-e Tir	Vardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul E. Joseph Stadium was a multi-use stadium in Frederiksted, St. Croix, United States Virgin Islands.	Paul E. Joseph Stadium	Frederiksted	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boguchwałów (bɔɡuxfawuf), is a village in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów.	Boguchwałów	Gmina Baborów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łabędziewo (wabɛnˈd͡ʑɛvɔ) (German: Schwanau; until 1932: Labendzowo) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łabędziewo	Gmina Reszel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gunnison National Forest is a U.S. National Forest covering 1,672,136 acres (2,612.71 sq mi, or 6,766.89 km²) in Mesa, Gunnison, Hinsdale and Saguache Counties in Western part of the U.S. state of Colorado.	Gunnison National Forest	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Mehran (Persian: دشت مهران‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Mehrān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Mehran	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stowting Cricket Club play in the Premier Division of the Invicta Cricket League and in Division 4 of the Kent Village Cricket League.	Stowting	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lainio River (Swedish: Lainioälven, Meankieli: Lainionjoki or Lainionväylä) is a river in Kiruna Municipality in the far north of Swedish Lapland.	Lainio River	Kiruna Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solomonovo (Ukrainian: Соломоново; Hungarian: Tiszasalamon, Salamon) is a village in Uzhhorod Raion (district) of Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Solomonovo	Uzhhorod Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harding Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in Pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Harding Township, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Harding Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flond is a village in the municipality of Mundaun in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Flond	Mundaun	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rąbiń (ˈrɔmbiɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rąbiń	Gmina Krzywiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Historic Mill Creek Discovery Park, formerly known as Historic Mill Creek State Park is a state park, nature preserve, and historic site in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Historic Mill Creek Discovery Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzepniewo (ʐɛpˈɲɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rzepniewo	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bollnäs Municipality (Bollnäs kommun) is a municipality in Gävleborg County, east central Sweden.	Bollnäs Municipality	Gävleborg County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berkeley Jazz Festival is held once a year at the outdoors Hearst Greek Theatre on the University of California, Berkeley campus.	Berkeley Jazz Festival	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Darr Mine disaster at Van Meter, Rostraver Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, near Smithton, killed 239 men and boys on December 19, 1907.	Darr Mine disaster	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJAM-FM (103.1 FM, ``Jammin' Country'') is a full-service radio station licensed to serve Madison, South Dakota.	KJAM-FM	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ragiti (Persian: رگيتي‎, also Romanized as Ragītī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ragiti	Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appletreehall is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, 2 miles north-east of Hawick, in the historic county of Roxburghshire.	Appletreehall	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gressholmen is an islet located in the Oslofjord, just south of central Oslo.	Gressholmen	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ham Chan (Persian: هم چان‎, also Romanized as Ham Chān and Hamechān; also known as Hameh Chān) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ham Chan	Tuskacheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łucjanowo (wut͡sjaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łucjanowo	Gmina Wronki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grande Prairie Regional College, often abbreviated GPRC, is a comprehensive community college with two campuses Grande Prairie and Fairview, Alberta.	Grande Prairie Regional College	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	City Park Brewery, also known as the Louis Bergdoll Brewing Company was a brewery in north Philadelphia, Pennsylvania built in 1856.	City Park Brewery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prątnica (prɔntˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Prątnica	Gmina Lubawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Münden Nature Park lies within the district of Göttingen, in south Lower Saxony in Germany.	Münden Nature Park	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaraba (Persian: قرابا‎, also Romanized as Qarābā and Qorābā''; also known as Kuraba) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Qaraba	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelvenere is a town and comune in the Province of Benevento, Campania Region, Italy.	Castelvenere	Province of Benevento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chevak Airport (IATA: VAK, ICAO: PAVA, FAA LID: VAK) is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) north of the central business district of Chevak, a city in the Kusilvak Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Chevak Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleobury North is a civil parish and small village in south east Shropshire, England.	Cleobury North	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plandry (Czech pronunciation: (ˈplandrɪ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Plandry	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiang Hao (Thai: เวียงห้าว) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Phan District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Wiang Hao	Phan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lorain County Regional Airport (IATA: LPR, ICAO: KLPR, FAA LID: LPR) is a public airport in Lorain County, Ohio, owned by the Lorain County Board of Commissioners and located in New Russia Township.	Lorain County Regional Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tręby Stare (ˈtrɛmbɨ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tręby Stare	Gmina Kleczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern Ute Indian Reservation is a Native American reservation in southwestern Colorado near the northern New Mexico state line.	Southern Ute Indian Reservation	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goneh Gorgi (Persian: گنه گرگي‎, also Romanized as Goneh Gorgī) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Goneh Gorgi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rykoszyn (rɨˈkɔʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Rykoszyn	Gmina Piekoszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buchanan Dam (/ˈbʌkænən/) is a multiple arch dam located on the Colorado River of Texas.	Buchanan Dam	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Rock Central High School (LRCHS) is an accredited comprehensive public high school in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.	Little Rock Central High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان ئيلان شمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanathnagar is an industrial and residential suburb in Hyderabad, Telangana, India, and is one of the most densely populated suburbs in India.	Sanathnagar	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paderew (paˈdɛrɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Paderew	Gmina Sterdyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pimperne (/ˈpɪmpərn/ PIM-pərn) is a village and civil parish in north Dorset, England, situated on Cranborne Chase 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of the town of Blandford Forum.	Pimperne	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębniewice (dɛmbɲɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Eichenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dębniewice	Gmina Wierzchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bryn Mawr Apartment Hotel is a 12-story building in the Bryn Mawr Historic District in far-north neighborhood community of Edgewater in Chicago, Illinois.	Bryn Mawr Apartment Hotel	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Will Rogers State Beach is a beach park on the Santa Monica Bay, at the Pacific coast of Southern California.	Will Rogers State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kureh Gaz (Persian: كوره گز‎, also Romanized as Kūreh Gaz) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kureh Gaz	Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John S. Russwurm House is a house with Federal architecture, dating from 1819, in Triune, Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.	John S. Russwurm House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez, is a multi-use All-seater stadium in Barranquilla, Colombia.	Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez	Barranquilla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Tuscaloosa is a reservoir in west-central Alabama, created by damming North River.	Lake Tuscaloosa	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fig Springs mission site (8CO1) is an archaeological site in Ichetucknee Springs State Park, in Columbia County, Florida.	Fig Springs mission site	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neuwied station is, along with Engers station, a hub of public transport in the town of Neuwied in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate and it is located in its west.	Neuwied station	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redstone Arsenal cemeteries are a grouping of historic cemeteries on the Redstone Arsenal property in Madison County, Alabama, all administered by the United States Army.	Redstone Arsenal cemeteries	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNIA (1320 AM, ``Real Country AM 1320'') is a full-service radio station licensed to serve Knoxville, Iowa, USA.	KNIA	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolf Trap National Park for the Performing Arts, known locally in the Washington, D.C. area as simply Wolf Trap, is a performing arts center located on 117 acres (47 ha) of national park land in Fairfax County, Virginia in Vienna, Virginia.	Wolf Trap National Park for the Performing Arts	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skillingaryd is a locality situated in Vaggeryd Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with over 13,200 inhabitants in 2013.	Skillingaryd	Vaggeryd Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avannaa, originally Nordgrønland (``North Greenland''), was one of the three counties (Danish: amt) of Greenland, until 31 December 2008.	Avannaa	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The International Surfing Museum is a non-profit, 501(c) museum in Huntington Beach, Orange County, California.	International Surfing Museum	Huntington Beach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barford St. John is a small village on the north bank of the River Swere in Oxfordshire, England, about 5 miles (8 km) south of Banbury.	Barford St. John	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	100 Oaks Mall (sometimes written out as One Hundred Oaks Mall) is a shopping mall located three miles south of downtown Nashville, Tennessee along Interstate 65 and Tennessee State Route 155.	100 Oaks Mall	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Incarnate Word High School, established in 1881, is a private, Roman Catholic, all-girls high school in Midtown San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Incarnate Word High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boluk (Persian: بلوك‎, also Romanized as Bolūk and Bolook; also known as Bilūk and Bolūk-e Pā``īn) is a village in Esmaili Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,792, in 412 families.	Boluk	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roa Island lies just over half a mile (1 km) south of the village of Rampside at the southernmost point of the Furness Peninsula in Cumbria, though formerly in the area of Lancashire north of the sands.	Roa Island	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Hall Jubilee School (Chinese: 何明華會督銀禧中學) is located at 2C Oxford Road in Kowloon Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Bishop Hall Jubilee School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avenger Field (IATA: SWW, ICAO: KSWW, FAA LID: SWW) is a Texas airport in Nolan County, three miles west of the City of Sweetwater, which owns it.	Avenger Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heim Peninsula is located on the southern coast of Ellesmere Island, a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut.	Heim Peninsula	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lusong District (simplified Chinese: 芦淞区; traditional Chinese: 蘆淞區; pinyin: Lúsōng qū) is one of four urban districts of Zhuzhou, Hunan province, China.	Lusong District	Zhuzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gloucester Net and Twine Company is a historic factory at Maplewood Avenue, southeast of the junction of Maplewood Avenue and Grove Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts.	Gloucester Net and Twine Company	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balcaskie is a 17th-century country house in Fife, Scotland.	Balcaskie	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Kabud (Persian: كل كبود‎, also Romanized as Kal Kabūd; also known as Gol Kabūd) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District, Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kal Kabud	Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gordaz (Persian: گرداز‎, also Romanized as Gordāz) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gordaz	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Utirik Atoll or Utrik Atoll (Marshallese: Utrōk, (u̯u͡ɯdˠ(ɯ)rˠɤk)) is a coral atoll of 10 islands in the Pacific Ocean, and forms a legislative district of the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands.	Utirik Atoll	Marshall Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwiatkówka (kfjatˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kwiatkówka	Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newlyn, Victoria is a town in Shire of Hepburn, west-central Victoria, Australia.	Newlyn, Victoria	Shire of Hepburn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plaza Moriones is a major public square in Tondo, Manila.	Plaza Moriones	Tondo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyle and Carrick (A' Chùil agus a' Charraig in Scottish Gaelic) was one of nineteen local government districts in the Strathclyde region of Scotland from 1975 to 1996.	Kyle and Carrick	Strathclyde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard-e Karkhaneh (Persian: بردكارخانه‎, also Romanized as Bard-e Kārkhāneh; also known as Bar-e Kārkhāneh) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bard-e Karkhaneh	Milas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Amir Bahader (Persian: ده اميربهادر‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Amīr Bahāder) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh-e Amir Bahader	Pataveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portland Arch Nature Preserve is a 435-acre (1.76 km2) nature preserve near the Wabash River in Fountain County, Indiana, USA, and is a National Natural Landmark.	Portland Arch Nature Preserve	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catalina Foothills High School (Catalina Foothills, Foothills, or CFHS) is a public high school, located in the upscale suburban community of Catalina Foothills, just north of Tucson, Arizona, USA.	Catalina Foothills High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Comer Strait is a narrow waterway separating the northeastern tip of Southampton Island from the western shore of White Island in Nunavut's Foxe Basin.	Comer Strait	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Single Brothers' House was built to house the Single Brethren, the unmarried men, of the Moravian Congregation of Salem, now Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	Single Brothers' House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Packsaddle Island (5,640 feet) is a nunatak located in Wrangell-St. Elias National Park, in Alaska.	Packsaddle Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isaac Nettles Gravestones are three unusual headstones in the Mount Nebo Baptist Church Cemetery near Carlton in rural Clarke County, Alabama.	Isaac Nettles Gravestones	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smołdziński Las (smɔu̯ˈd͡ʑiɲski ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Smołdziński Las	Gmina Smołdzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powersite Dam is a hydroelectric dam that went into service in 1913 in Forsyth, Missouri.	Powersite Dam	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jampui Hills is a hill range located in the North Tripura district in the north eastern part of the Indian state of Tripura.	Jampui Hills	North Tripura district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reddish North railway station is one of the two stations serving the town of Reddish, in Stockport, England, the other being Reddish South railway station.	Reddish North railway station	Stockport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Cirque is a French restaurant located at One Beacon Court, 151 East 58th Street (between Lexington Avenue and Third Avenue) in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, owned and operated by LC International LLC and originally founded by Sirio Maccioni.	Le Cirque	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imeson Field, also known as Jacksonville Imeson Airport, was the airport serving Jacksonville, Florida, from 1927 until its closing in 1968.	Imeson Field	Jacksonville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Creek Power Plant, also known as South Oak Creek, is a base load, coal- and natural gas-fired, electrical power station located on Lake Michigan in Oak Creek, Wisconsin.	Oak Creek Power Plant	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaodong County (simplified Chinese: 邵东县; traditional Chinese: 邵東縣; pinyin: Shàodōng Xiàn; literally: ``east of Shao(yang)'') is under the administration of Shaoyang, Hunan province, China, and is the easternmost division of Shaoyang City.	Shaodong County	Shaoyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dayeuhluhur is a district within the Cilacap Regency of Central Java.	Dayeuhluhur	Cilacap Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	The General John Hathorn Stone House is located on Hathorn Road in the town of Warwick, New York, United States, just off NY 94 a mile south of the village of Warwick.	General John Hathorn Stone House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Ronaldsay is one of the Orkney Islands off the north coast of Scotland.	South Ronaldsay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Omaha Airport (FAA LID: 3NO) is a privately owned, public-use airport located seven nautical miles (8 mi, 13 km) northwest of the central business district of Omaha, a city in Douglas County, Nebraska, United States.	North Omaha Airport	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herberhausen is a village (borough:Ortsteil) belonging to Göttingen, Lower Saxony, in Germany.	Herberhausen	Göttingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Van Allen Building, also known as Van Allen and Company Department Store, is a historic commercial building at Fifth Avenue and South Second Street in Clinton, Iowa.	Van Allen Building	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jack Browns Seaplane Base (FAA LID: F57) is a public-use seaplane base located 3 nautical miles (5.56 km) northwest of the central business district of Winter Haven in Polk County, Florida, United States.	Jack Browns Seaplane Base	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niederlahnstein station is, along with Oberlahnstein and Friedrichssegen, one of three stations in the town of Lahnstein in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Niederlahnstein station	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington-Willow Historic District is a residential neighborhood of Fayetteville, Arkansas containing over one hundred historically and architecturally significant homes.	Washington-Willow Historic District	Fayetteville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mizdej-e Sofla Rural District (Persian: دهستان ميزدج سفلي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Mizdej-e Sofla Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill Ruins Park is a park in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, standing on the west side of Saint Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River.	Mill Ruins Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmerston Park is a football stadium on Terregles Street in Dumfries, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Palmerston Park	Dumfries
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyde Park-Kenwood National Bank Building was built in 1928-29 at 1525 East 53rd Street, Chicago, Illinois, as the headquarters and sole business location of the Hyde Park-Kenwood National Bank, a community bank that served the Chicago neighborhood of Hyde Park.	Hyde Park-Kenwood National Bank Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giłujsze (ɡiˈwui̯ʂɛ), (Lithuanian: Giluišiai), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Giłujsze	Gmina Puńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mutten (Romansh: Mut) is a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.	Mutten	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 7 Posht Kuh Do Sari (Persian: مشاع 7پشت كوه دوساري‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 7 Posht Kūh Do Sārī) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 7 Posht Kuh Do Sari	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Round Loaf is a late-Neolithic or Bronze Age tumulus on Anglezarke Moor in the West Pennine Moors near Chorley in Lancashire, England.	Round Loaf	Anglezarke
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meesdorf (Germany) is an urban district of Buer at the city of Melle in Osnabrück, Lower Saxony.	Meesdorf	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lusitano Stadium, located in Ludlow, Massachusetts, is a 3,000-seat stadium built in 1918 currently used for soccer.	Lusitano Stadium	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton Township High School is a public high school located at 1105 Rathmell Road, near Columbus, Ohio, which serves Hamilton Township, Obetz, Lockbourne, Reese, Shadeville, and parts of south Columbus.	Hamilton Township High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Dabirnezam (Persian: حسن اباددبيرنظام‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Dabīrneẓām) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Dabirnezam	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McBee Presbyterian Church is the first Presbyterian church of McBee, South Carolina.	McBee Presbyterian Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sweetwater Dam is a dam across the Sweetwater River in San Diego County, California.	Sweetwater Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount de Chantal Visitation Academy was a private Catholic all-girls school in the city of Wheeling in the U.S. state of West Virginia.	Mount de Chantal Visitation Academy	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merzig (Saar) station is a railway station on the Saar line (German: Saarstrecke) between Trier and Saarbrücken in the town of Merzig in the German state of Saarland.	Merzig (Saar) station	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philip Reading Tannery, also known as Green's Barn, is a historic tannery building located at Middletown, New Castle County, Delaware.	Philip Reading Tannery	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carlstadt Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from the Borough of Carlstadt in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Carlstadt Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mofti Kola (Persian: مفتي كلا‎, also Romanized as Moftī Kolā) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mofti Kola	Mazkureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krishnagiri district is a district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India and is one of the 6 districts of Tiruvannamalai region .	Krishnagiri district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pampilhosa da Serra (Portuguese pronunciation: (pɐ̃piˈʎɔzɐ ðɐ ˈsɛʁɐ)) is a town and a municipality in the Coimbra District, in Portugal.	Pampilhosa da Serra	Coimbra District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitemouth River Park & Campground is a campground located south Hadashville, Manitoba.	Whitemouth River Park & Campground	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heerenveen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌɦeːrə(n)ˈveːn), West Frisian: It Hearrenfean (ət ˌjɛrn̩ˈfɪən)) is a town and municipality in the province of Friesland (Fryslan), in the north of the Netherlands.	Heerenveen	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babie Ławy (ˈbabjɛ ˈwavɨ) (German: Frauenbänk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Babie Ławy	Gmina Skępe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairbury City Hall is a historic city hall in Fairbury, Illinois, USA.	Fairbury City Hall	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Tasuleh (Persian: اب توصله‎, also Romanized as Āb Tāsūleh) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District, in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Tasuleh	Kiyaras Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queens Borough Hall is a public building in the Kew Gardens neighborhood of the Queens borough of New York City which houses the Office of the Queens Borough President and other city offices and court space.	Queens Borough Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strumienna (struˈmjɛnna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Strumienna	Gmina Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wuguishan Subdistrict (Chinese: 五桂山; pinyin: Wǔguìshān; Jyutping: ng5gwai3saan1) is a subdistrict of Zhongshan prefecture-level city, Guangdong province, China.	Wuguishan Subdistrict	Zhongshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narat (Serbian Cyrillic: Нарат) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Narat	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abinger is a large, well-wooded and mostly rural civil parish that lies between the settlements of Dorking, Shere and Ewhurst in the district of Mole Valley, Surrey, England.	Abinger	Mole Valley
located in the administrative territorial entity	ABC Gippsland (call sign: 3GLR) is an ABC Local Radio station in Gippsland, Victoria.	ABC Gippsland	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Via Giulia is a street in the historic centre of Rome, Italy, mostly in rione Regola, although its northern part belongs to rione Ponte.	Via Giulia	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ara Qaleh (Persian: اراقلعه‎, also Romanized as Ārā Qal``eh) is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 36 families.	Ara Qaleh	Bayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varsseveld is a town in the Netherlands, located in the Dutch municipality of Oude IJsselstreek.	Varsseveld	Oude IJsselstreek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duntisbourne Leer is in the county of Gloucestershire, and lies within the Cotswolds, a range of hills designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.	Duntisbourne Leer	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frederick Mitchell Mooers House, also known as the Wright-Mooers House, is an ornately-detailed Victorian house built in 1894 at 818 South Bonnie Brae Street in the Westlake area of Los Angeles, California.	Frederick Mitchell Mooers House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albertville Regional Airport (FAA LID: 8A0), also known as Thomas J. Brumlik Field, is a city-owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (5 km) southwest of the central business district of Albertville, in Marshall County, Alabama, United States.	Albertville Regional Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Global Communications Academy is an International Baccalaureate school in Hartford, Connecticut that is partnered with Say Yes to Education.	Global Communications Academy	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Knoxville is the section of Knoxville, Tennessee, USA, that lies east of the city's downtown area.	East Knoxville	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inchinnan (Scottish Gaelic: Innis Fhionghain) is a small village in Renfrewshire, Scotland.	Inchinnan	Renfrewshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heathcote School was an 11-16 comprehensive school in Stevenage, Hertfordshire.	The Heathcote School	Stevenage	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burn's Crossing is a diminutive rural request stop on the northern section of the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man, catering almost exclusively for local traffic.	Burn's Crossing	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	The G. P. Sparks House is a private residence located at 509 East Logan Street in the city of Tecumseh in northeast Lenawee County, Michigan.	G. P. Sparks House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located about 168 kilometers south of Addis Ababa in the Misraq Shewa Zone of the Oromia Region, Adami Tullu has a latitude and longitude of 7°52′N 38°42′E with an elevation of 1636 meters above sea level.	Adami Tullu	Misraq Shewa Zone
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel Basset House is a historic house a 1024 Monroe Turnpike in Monroe, Connecticut.	Daniel Basset House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akhtetar (Persian: اختتر‎) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Akhtetar	Akhtachi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geology Hall, formerly Geological Hall, is a building located in the historic Queens Campus section of Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey's College Avenue Campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, United States.	Geology Hall	New Jersey	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oatlands Plantation is an estate located in Leesburg, Virginia.	Oatlands Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žabče (pronounced (ˈʒaːptʃɛ)) is a village northeast of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Žabče	Tolmin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bethel Baptist Meetinghouse is a historic church in Warren, New Jersey in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.	Mount Bethel Baptist Meetinghouse	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łążki (ˈwɔ̃ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łążki	Gmina Wartkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deogyang-gu is a ward in Goyang, South Korea.	Deogyang-gu	Goyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mentasta Mountains in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Alaska form the eastern end of the Alaska Range.	Mentasta Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRTT-FM (95.1 FM, ``Rocket 95.1'') is an American commercial radio station licensed to serve the community of Huntsville, Alabama.	WRTT-FM	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jariabad (Persian: جاري اباد‎, also Romanized as Jārīābād) is a village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jariabad	Kushk-e Hezar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malmberget (``The Ore Mountain'') is a locality and mining town situated in Gällivare Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 5,590 inhabitants in 2010.	Malmberget	Gällivare Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatteng (Northern Sami: Háhtta; Kven: Hattu) is the administrative centre of the municipality of Storfjord in Troms county, Norway.	Hatteng	Storfjord
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntington Lake is a reservoir in Fresno County, California on Big Creek, located in the Sierra Nevada at an elevation of 2,120 meters (6955 ft).	Huntington Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lowell Connector, officially the American Legion Connector Highway, is a small freeway connector in the Massachusetts state highway system that links nearby U.S. Highway 3 and Interstate 495 to downtown Lowell, Massachusetts.	Lowell Connector	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cranberry Lake is a lake on the east branch of the Oswegatchie River in the Adirondack Park in New York in the United States.	Cranberry Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballure Halt is an intermediate stopping place on the northern section of the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man.	Ballure Halt	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée d'Anatomie Delmas-Orfila-Rouvière was a museum of anatomy formerly located on the eighth floor of the Faculty of Medicine, Paris V René Descartes University, 45, rue des Saints-Pères, 6th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Musée d'Anatomie Delmas-Orfila-Rouvière	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gutanów (ɡuˈtanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gutanów	Gmina Garbów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Emma Monastery (founded 1931) is a Roman Catholic retreat house and monastery for the Sisters of Saint Benedict of Westmoreland County, located in Greensburg, Pennsylvania.	Saint Emma Monastery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selvole is a small village in the comune of Radda in Chianti.	Selvole	Radda in Chianti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shir Chak (Persian: شيرچاك‎, also Romanized as Shīr Chāk; also known as Shīr Chāl) is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shir Chak	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tuscaloosa Museum of Art, previously the Westervelt-Warner Museum of American Art, is an art museum in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.	Tuscaloosa Museum of Art	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liston Range Front Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Delaware, United States, on the Delaware River, Delaware.	Liston Range Front Light	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrightstown Friends Meeting Complex is a historic Quaker meeting house on PA 413 in Wrightstown, Pennsylvania.	Wrightstown Friends Meeting Complex	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	NYSEG Stadium (former Binghamton Municipal Stadium) is a stadium located in the northern section of downtown Binghamton, New York.	NYSEG Stadium	Binghamton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orkan-e Tork (Persian: اوركن ترك‎; also known as Organ-e Tork) is a village in Khandan Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Orkan-e Tork	Khandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chlina Dolna (ˈxlina ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnowiec, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Chlina Dolna	Gmina Żarnowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cootehall (Irish: Uachtar Thíre, meaning ``Upper Territory'', also Cloigne) is a village in County Roscommon, Ireland.	Cootehall	County Roscommon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suckley is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England, close to the border with Herefordshire.	Suckley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolah Hil (Persian: كلاه هيل‎‎, also Romanized as Kolāh Hīl) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kolah Hil	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zivari (Persian: زيواري‎, also Romanized as Zīvārī) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zivari	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiaduopu Town (simplified Chinese: 夏铎铺镇; traditional Chinese: 夏鐸鋪鎮; pinyin: Xiàduópù Zhèn) is an urban town in Ningxiang County, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China.	Xiaduopu	Ningxiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Larz Anderson Bonsai Collection at the Arnold Arboretum in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts is one of the premier collections of bonsai in the United States and includes a Hinoki Cypress over 250 years old.	Larz Anderson Bonsai Collection	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łozina (wɔˈʑina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łozina	Gmina Długołęka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles W. Eisemann Center for Performing Arts and Corporate Presentations is a performance hall which opened in September 2002 in Richardson, Texas.	Charles W. Eisemann Center for Performing Arts	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Mohammad Shahraki (Persian: ده محمد شهرکي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Moḩammad Shahrakī; also known as Moḩammad Shahrakī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Mohammad Shahraki	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajang (Marathi:) is a small village in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Ajang	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keddie Wye is a railroad junction in the form of a wye on the Union Pacific Railroad in Plumas County, California, United States.	Keddie Wye	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albert Dock is a complex of dock buildings and warehouses in Liverpool, England.	Albert Dock	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umaslan-e Sofla (Persian: اوماسلان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ūmāslān-e Soflá; also known as Ūmāstān) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Umaslan-e Sofla	Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nar Ab (Persian: ناراب‎, also Romanized as Nār Āb and Nārāb) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nar Ab	Molla Yaqub Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunnythorpe is a village in the Manawatu-Wanganui region of New Zealand's North Island, 10 km (6 mi) north of the region's major city, Palmerston North.	Bunnythorpe	Palmerston North
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornbridge Hall is a large English country house situated near the village Great Longstone in the local government district of Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire.	Thornbridge Hall	Great Longstone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witherspoon Building is a historic office building located in the Market East neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Witherspoon Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Rocks Park is a mountain park in Jefferson County, Colorado, owned and maintained by the city of Denver as part of the Denver Mountain Parks system.	Red Rocks Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Tappeh (Persian: سه تپه‎) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Seh Tappeh	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Gatos High School (LGHS) is a high school in Los Gatos, California, a small high income town near San Jose in the Silicon Valley.	Los Gatos High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chateau Crillon Apartment House, also known as the Cohen Apartment House and the Rittenhouse 222 Apartments, is a historic high-rise building in the fashionable Rittenhouse Square section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.	Chateau Crillon Apartment House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popowo Stare (pɔˈpɔvɔ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemęt, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Popowo Stare	Gmina Przemęt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cortewalle Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Cortewalle) is a moated castle in Beveren in East Flanders, Belgium.	Cortewalle Castle	Beveren
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Owens River Headwaters Wilderness is a wilderness area inside the Inyo National Forest in eastern California designated to protect the headwaters of the Owens River.	Owens River Headwaters Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadio Romelio Martínez, or Romelio Martínez Stadium, is a sports stadium located at 72 street and 46 Avenue in the Colombian city of Barranquilla.	Romelio Martínez Stadium	Barranquilla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xert (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈtʃɛɾt), Spanish: Chert) is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Xert	Baix Maestrat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boothferry Park was a football stadium in Kingston upon Hull, and was home to the football club Hull City for over 50 years from 31 August 1946 until December 2002, when they moved to the Kingston Communications Stadium.	Boothferry Park	Kingston upon Hull
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velké Opatovice is situated in Blansko District, about 260 km southeast of Prague and 120 km north of Vinna.	Velké Opatovice	Blansko District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oliver Wendell Holmes Junior High School (HJHS) has been in the core of Davis, California at 1220 Drexel Drive since fall 1966.	Oliver Wendell Holmes Junior High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Austine School for the Deaf, now closed, in Brattleboro, Vermont, was an independent, coeducational day and residential school for deaf and hard-of-hearing children age four to eighteen from New England and New York.	Austine School	Brattleboro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greene-Marston House, commonly known as Termite Hall, is a historic house in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Greene-Marston House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	LDS Business College (LDSBC) is a two-year college in Salt Lake City, Utah, focused on training students in business and industry.	LDS Business College	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valashed (Persian: ولاشد‎, also Romanized as Valāshed; also known as Valāshed-e Bālā) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valashed	Qareh Toghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ti Tap Deh Chel (Persian: تي تپده چل‎, also Romanized as Tī Tap Deh Chel) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ti Tap Deh Chel	Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkuh (Persian: سركوه‎‎, also Romanized as Sorḵūh; also known as Sorkh) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sorkuh	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kap-Kig-Iwan Provincial Park in the incorporated townships of Charlton and Dack and Evanturel in Timiskaming District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Kap-Kig-Iwan Provincial Park	Timiskaming District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manahawkin Wildlife Management Area (Manahawkin Bottomland Hardwood Forest) is a 1,642-acre (664 ha) wildlife management area near Manahawkin, Stafford Township, Ocean County, New Jersey.	Manahawkin Wildlife Management Area	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chain Bridge at Falls of Schuylkill was an 1808 iron-chain suspension bridge built across the Schuylkill River, north of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Chain Bridge at Falls of Schuylkill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brazosport College, or BC, is a public, coeducational college located in Lake Jackson, Texas in Greater Houston.	Brazosport College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilsznia (ˈvilʂɲa) (Ukrainian: Вільшня, Vil’shnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Wilsznia	Gmina Dukla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devil's Courthouse is a mountain in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina in the United States of America.	Devil's Courthouse	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szkudłówka (ʂkuˈdwufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Szkudłówka	Gmina Słupca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Zeyd (Persian: امامزاده زيد‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Zeyd) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Zeyd	Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braemar Hill (traditional Chinese: 寶馬山; simplified Chinese: 宝马山; pinyin: Bǎomǎshān; Jyutping: bou2 maa5 saan1) is a hill at the south of North Point on the Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Braemar Hill	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Media Armory, is a historic National Guard armory located in Media, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Media Armory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konin County (Polish: powiat koniński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Konin County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bičje (pronounced (ˈbiːtʃjɛ)) is a small settlement west of the town of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Bičje	Grosuplje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahid Sara (Persian: شهيد سرا‎, also Romanized as Shahīd Sarā) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District, Bahnemir District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shahid Sara	Bahnemir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zielonki-Wieś (ʑɛˈlɔŋki ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zielonki-Wieś	Gmina Stare Babice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tri-County Regional Airport (IATA: LNR, ICAO: KLNR, FAA LID: LNR) is a public use airport in Sauk County, Wisconsin, United States.	Tri-County Regional Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Icy Bay Airport (IATA: ICY, FAA LID: 19AK) is a private use airport serving Icy Bay, in the Yakutat City and Borough of U.S. state of Alaska.	Icy Bay Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velodrome Humbert I commonly known in Italian as Velodromo Umberto I, was an early cycling velodrome and, from 1898, a football ground in Turin.	Velodrome Humbert I	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danków Duży (ˈdankuf ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Danków Duży	Gmina Włoszczowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borowski Las (bɔˈrɔfski ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Borowski Las	Gmina Sorkwity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knockholt railway station is a railway station in the south eastern corner of the London Borough of Bromley, in Travelcard Zone 6 and on the South Eastern Main Line.	Knockholt railway station	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walker River Indian Reservation is an Indian reservation located in central Nevada in the United States.	Walker River Indian Reservation	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRTY is a commercial radio station located in San Jose, California, and broadcasting to the southern San Francisco Bay Area, from San Jose north to San Francisco, on 95.3 FM.	KRTY	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roncoferraro is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 140 kilometres (87 mi) southeast of Milan and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) southeast of Mantua.	Roncoferraro	Province of Mantua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coast Guard Air Station Savannah is a United States Coast Guard Air Station located at Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah, Georgia.	Coast Guard Air Station Savannah	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Boar Quadrangle is a quadrangle at the University of Oxford's Christ Church.	Blue Boar Quadrangle	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Juan B. Ambrosetti Museum of Ethnography is an Argentine museum maintained by the University of Buenos Aires School of Philosophy and Letters.	Juan B. Ambrosetti Museum of Ethnography	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWBC is an AM radio station, broadcasting at 1550 kHz, licensed to College Station, Texas and owned by Bryan Broadcasting License Corporation.	KWBC	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulak (Persian: دولك‎, also Romanized as Dūlak) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Dulak	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meizhou is a prefecture-level city in eastern Guangdong province, People's Republic of China.	Meizhou	Guangdong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Cliff is a freshwater lake in the northern part of the Oak Cliff area of Dallas, Texas (USA).	Lake Cliff	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bettye Wilson Soccer Complex is a 10 field soccer complex located on 58.3 acres (23.6 ha) in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Bettye Wilson Soccer Complex	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Branch County Memorial Airport (ICAO: KOEB, FAA LID: OEB) is a county-owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Coldwater, a city in Branch County, Michigan, United States.	Branch County Memorial Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Namakzar (Persian: چاه نمكزار‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Namakzār; also known as Chāh Namakzār and Chāh Namazkār) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Namakzar	Dokuheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka Kujawska (dɔmˈbrufka kuˈjafska) (German: Parkwiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dąbrówka Kujawska	Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel's Village Archeological Site is an historic industrial archaeological site in Killingly, Connecticut.	Daniel's Village Archeological Site	Killingly, Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isanotski Peaks or Isanotski Volcano, known locally as ``Ragged Jack'', is a multipeaked mountain on Unimak Island, the easternmost Aleutian Island in Alaska, United States.	Isanotski Peaks	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandomban-e Sofla (Persian: گندمبان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gandombān-e Soflá) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gandomban-e Sofla	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Naser (Persian: كلاته ناصر‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Nāşer; also known as Nāşer and Qal``eh Nasir) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12, in 5 families.	Kalateh-ye Naser	Zirkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Vojvodina is an art and natural history museum in Novi Sad, Serbia.	Museum of Vojvodina	Novi Sad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto Viro, or Taglio di Porto is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Rovigo in the Italian region Veneto, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) south of Venice and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Rovigo.	Porto Viro	Province of Rovigo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eggerton Hundred or Eggardon Hundred was a hundred in the county of Dorset, England, containing the following parishes:	Eggerton Hundred	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clay Coton is a village in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire in England.	Clay Coton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulczewko (ɡulˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ) (German: Guldenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gulczewko	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sanak Islands are a subgroup of the Fox Islands group of islands, located in the Aleutians East Borough of Alaska.	Sanak Islands	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mississippi Armed Forces Museum is located at Camp Shelby, approximately 12 miles (19 km) south of Hattiesburg, Mississippi.	Mississippi Armed Forces Museum	Camp Shelby
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place Antonin-Poncet is a square located in the Bellecour quarter, near the Place Bellecour, in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.	Place Antonin-Poncet	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZTD (1350 AM, ``La Konsentida 1350'') is a radio station licensed to serve Cabot, Arkansas, USA.	KZTD	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Gulf is a glacial cirque, or amphitheater-like valley head formed from a glacier by erosion, located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire.	Great Gulf	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abtorsh (Persian: ابترش‎, also Romanized as Ābtorsh) is a village in Khenaman Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Abtorsh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shemshad Sara (Persian: شمشادسرا‎, also Romanized as Shemshād Sarā) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shemshad Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almaden Quicksilver County Park is a 4,147 acres (17 km²) park that includes the grounds of former mercury (``quicksilver'') mines adjacent to south San Jose, California, USA.	Almaden Quicksilver County Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veeravanallur ( Veeravanallur ) is a selection grade special panchayat town in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Veeravanallur	Tirunelveli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rivermark of Santa Clara is a master planned community in Santa Clara, California.	Rivermark of Santa Clara	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Azimeh (Persian: تپه عظيمه‎, also Romanized as Tappeh ``Az̧īmeh and Tappeh-ye ``Az̧īmeh) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 152, in 33 families.	Tappeh Azimeh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kesuj (Persian: كسوج‎, also Romanized as Kesūj; also known as Kesūch, Kosūch, and Kosvach) is a village in Garmsir Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kesuj	Garmsir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Symonds Yat is a village in the Forest of Dean and a popular tourist destination, straddling the River Wye and on the borders of the English counties of Herefordshire and Gloucestershire, it is within a few miles of Monmouthshire and the Welsh border.	Symonds Yat	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piran Rural District (Persian: دهستان پيران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Piran Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valujerd (Persian: ولوگرد‎, also Romanized as Valūjerd; also known as Valūgerd, Volūgerd, and Warūjird) is a village in Barzrud Rural District, in the Central District of Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Valujerd	Barzrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tryavna Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Трявна) is a municipality (obshtina) in Gabrovo Province, North-central Bulgaria, located on the northern slopes of the central Stara planina mountain to the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan.	Tryavna Municipality	Gabrovo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suli Darreh Darbahan (Persian: سوليدره دربهان‎, also Romanized as Sūlī Darreh Darbahān; also known as Sūleh Dar, Solāḩ Darreh, Sulah Darreh, Sulakh-Darrekh, and Sūlī Darbahān) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Suli Darreh Darbahan	Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bhumibol Dam (formerly known as the Yanhi Dam) is a concrete arch dam on the Ping River, a tributary of the Chao Phraya River, in Amphoe Sam Ngao district of Tak Province, Thailand.	Bhumibol Dam	Sam Ngao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayri Gür Arena (Turkish: Hayri Gür Spor Salonu), aka Pelitli Arena is an indoor sporting arena and multi-purpose venue located in the suburban town of Pelitli, Trabzon Province, Turkey.	Hayri Gür Arena	Trabzon Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saidiyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان سعيديه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Bostan District, Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Saidiyeh Rural District	Bostan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais Kuffner is a city-palace in Vienna that was built for the brewery barons von Kuffner.	Palais Kuffner	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Creek USFS Airport (FAA LID: S81) is a public use airport located at Indian Creek in Valley County, Idaho, United States.	Indian Creek USFS Airport	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bielyja Lauki (Belarusian: Белыя лаўкі) is a shopping arcade and now also a monument to civic architecture of the 19th century in Pruzhany town, Brest Voblast (province), Western Belarus.	Bielyja Lauki	Pruzhany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tawalewadi is a small village situated at Ashti Taluka in Beed District in the state of Maharashtra.	Tawalewadi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beriah Magoffin Monument, in Spring Hill Cemetery of Harrodsburg, Kentucky, commemorates Beriah Magoffin, who was governor of Kentucky when the Civil War started.	Beriah Magoffin Monument	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miller Park Elementary School is located at 5625 North 28th Avenue in the Miller Park neighborhood in Omaha, Nebraska Omaha, Nebraska.	Miller Park Elementary School	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tekehlar (Persian: تكه لر‎, also known as Tekeh Sar) is a village in Aqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tekehlar	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Mahi (Persian: نوماهي‎, also Romanized as Now Māhī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Now Mahi	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chateau Grand Traverse is a Michigan winery located in the Old Mission Peninsula AVA around Traverse City.	Chateau Grand Traverse	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stone Jug is a historic house at the corner of NY 9G and Jug Road in Clermont, New York, United States.	Stone Jug	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridge Cafe is an historic restaurant and bar located at 279 Water Street in the South Street Seaport area of Manhattan, New York City, United States.	Bridge Cafe	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teileann (anglicized as Teelin) is a Gaeltacht village in County Donegal, Ireland.	Teelin	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hötorget (Haymarket) is a city square in the center of Stockholm.	Hötorget	Stockholm
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acton Bridge (formerly Acton) is a village and civil parish in Cheshire, England.	Acton Bridge	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tenkiller Ferry Lake, or more simply, ``Lake Tenkiller,'' is a reservoir in eastern Oklahoma formed by the damming of the Illinois River.	Tenkiller Ferry Lake	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chorlton-cum-Hardy is a suburban area of the city of Manchester, England, known locally as Chorlton.	Chorlton-cum-Hardy	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Fox Village is a locality in Southeast Alaska near present-day Ketchikan.	Cape Fox Village	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stichill is a village and civil parish in the historic county of Roxburghshire, a division of the Scottish Borders.	Stichill	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poison Pond is a small freshwater lake in the Temagami region of Northeastern Ontario, Canada, located near Pecours Bay of Snake Island Lake.	Poison Pond	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Luis Valley Solar Ranch is a 30 MW photovoltaic solar power facility near the town of Mosca, Colorado, in the San Luis Valley.	San Luis Valley Solar Ranch	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalmalcheruvu is one of the largest villages in the GaridePalli mandal, Nalgonda district in Telangana, India.	Kalmalcheruvu	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wedge International Tower, usually capitalized as WEDGE International Tower, is a skyscraper in Houston, Texas.	Wedge International Tower	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Strahov Stadium (Czech: Velký strahovský stadion) is a stadium in the Strahov district of Prague, Czech Republic.	Strahov Stadium	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conestoga High School, located in Tredyffrin Township, Pennsylvania, United States, is the only secondary school in the Tredyffrin/Easttown School District.	Conestoga High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szadek-Kolonia (ˈʂadɛk kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Szadek-Kolonia	Gmina Blizanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaneh Sar District (Persian: بخش یانه‌سر‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Yaneh Sar District	Behshahr County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nisbet Provincial Forest is a provincially protected mixed-wood forest surrounded by Aspen parkland in Central Saskatchewan, Canada.	Nisbet Provincial Forest	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Büsbach is the largest of 17 districts and villages belonging to the German town of Stolberg (Rhineland).	Büsbach	Stolberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seaboard Coastline Depot in Enterprise, Alabama is a historic train depot.	Seaboard Coastline Depot	Enterprise
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auburndale Congregational Church, now known as United Parish of Auburndale, located at 64 Hancock Street, in the village of Auburndale in Newton, Massachusetts, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 4, 1986.	United Parish of Auburndale	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcevia is a comune in the Province of Ancona of the region of Marche, Italy.	Arcevia	Province of Ancona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Gąska (pronounced (ˈstara ˈɡɔ̃ska)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stara Gąska	Gmina Stanin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Ali (Persian: دشت عالي‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e ``Ālī) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 4 families.	Dasht-e Ali	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coronado Theatre, located at 314 North Main Street, in Rockford, Illinois, is a 2,400 seat theatre, designed by architect Frederic J. Klein.	Coronado Theatre	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robertson-Wesley United Church is a church located a short distance west of the downtown core of the city of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in the neighbourhood of Oliver.	Robertson-Wesley United Church	Edmonton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanford Lake is a natural mountain lake in the Eastern Sierra Nevada, in California.	Stanford Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palatinate Forest Nature Park (German: Naturpark Pfälzerwald) lies in the south of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany and borders on France.	Palatinate Forest Nature Park	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pemberton Mill was a large factory in Lawrence, Massachusetts, which collapsed without warning on January 10, 1860 in what is likely ``the worst industrial accident in Massachusetts history'' and ``one of the worst industrial calamities in American history''.	Pemberton Mill	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Solon Meetinghouse is a historic church building in south central Solon, Maine.	South Solon Meetinghouse	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneh-ye Gazan (Persian: خانه گزان‎, also Romanized as Khāneh-ye Gazān) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khaneh-ye Gazan	Hanza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Trafiki (Persian: شهرك ترافيكي‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Trāfīkī) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Trafiki	Qarah Bagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isua Greenstone Belt is an Archean greenstone belt in southwestern Greenland.	Isua Greenstone Belt	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandikeh (Persian: كنديكه‎, also Romanized as Kandīkeh; also known as Kandūkeh) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kandikeh	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valikabad (Persian: وليك اباد‎, also Romanized as Valīkābād) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Valikabad	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesapeake Marshlands National Wildlife Refuge Complex is a National Wildlife Refuge complex in the state of Maryland located near the Delmarva Peninsula.	Chesapeake Marshlands National Wildlife Refuge Complex	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fenwick Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Delaware, United States, on the Delaware/Maryland border.	Fenwick Island Light	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budachów (buˈdaxuf) (German Baudach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytnica, within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Budachów	Gmina Bytnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muckle Flugga is a small rocky island north of Unst in the Shetland Islands, Scotland.	Muckle Flugga	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Massana (Catalan pronunciation: (ɫə məˈsanə), locally: (la maˈsana); originally La Maçana) is one of the seven parishes of the Principality of Andorra.	La Massana	Andorra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poppy Hills Golf Course is the newest golf course in Pebble Beach, California after undergoing an extensive 13-month renovation that was completed in April 2014.	Poppy Hills Golf Course	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mogollon Mountains or Mogollon Range (/mʌɡɨˈjoʊn/ or /moʊɡəˈjoʊn/) are a mountain range in Grant County and Catron County of southwestern New Mexico, in the Southwestern United States.	Mogollon Mountains	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pipe Island Light is a privately owned lighthouse on Pipe Island in St. Mary's River, Michigan.	Pipe Island Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lateh Choqa Sayyadan (Persian: لته چقاصياديان‎, also Romanized as Lateh Choqā Şayyādān; also known as Lāneh Chīā, Lāneh Jīā, Lateh Choqā, and Şayyādān) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Lateh Choqa Sayyadan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schotten is a town in the middle of Hesse, Germany.	Schotten	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wuhua County (simplified Chinese: 五华县; traditional Chinese: 五華縣; pinyin: Wǔhuá Xiàn) is a county under the jurisdiction of Meizhou City in eastern Guangdong Province, China.	Wuhua County	Meizhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villafranca in Lunigiana is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Massa and Carrara in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 120 kilometres (75 miles) northwest of Florence and about 35 km (22 mi) northwest of Massa.	Villafranca in Lunigiana	Province of Massa and Carrara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saruran (Persian: سروران‎, also Romanized as Sarūrān) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Saruran	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Anne and St Agnes is a church located at Gresham Street in the City of London, near the Barbican.	St Anne and St Agnes	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Połazie (pɔˈwaʑe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Połazie	Gmina Liw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaleur Bay (in French, Baie des Chaleurs) - also known informally in English as Bay of Chaleur due to the influence of its French translation - is an arm of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence located between Quebec and New Brunswick.	Chaleur Bay	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Épertully is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.	Épertully	Saône-et-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rondout Reservoir is part of New York City's water supply network.	Rondout Reservoir	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shofner's Lutheran Chapel is a historic church on Thompson's Creek near Shelbyville, Tennessee.	Shofner's Lutheran Chapel	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copeland Park, also referred to as ``The Lumber Yard,'' is a stadium in La Crosse, Wisconsin.	Copeland Park	La Crosse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Hills Farm, also known as the Pearl S. Buck House, is the sixty-acre homestead in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, where Nobel-prize-winning American author Pearl Buck lived for 40 years, raising her family, writing, pursuing humanitarian interests, and gardening.	Green Hills Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Cumberland is a reservoir in Clinton, Laurel, McCreary, Pulaski, Russell, and Wayne counties in Kentucky.	Lake Cumberland	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robson River is a short but swift, rapid and waterfall-infested river in Mount Robson Provincial Park of British Columbia.	Robson River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landsöhr Castle (German: Burg Landsöhr), also called Landseer Castle (Burg Landseer) or Bertaburg, is a lost spur castle on a northern spur,739.2 m above sea level (NHN), of the Kornberg near Bad Boll in the county of Göppingen in Baden-Württemberg.	Landsöhr Castle	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łubienica (wubjɛˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łubienica	Gmina Pokrzywnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcalalí (Valencian: (aɫkalaˈli), Spanish: (alkalaˈli)) is a Valencian municipality in the comarca of Marina Alta, province of Alicante, Spain.	Alcalalí	Marina Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oakfield Grange was an historic clubhouse and community meeting space at 89 Ridge Road in Oakfield, Maine.	Oakfield Grange	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clinton Township School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves children in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade in Clinton Township, in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States.	Clinton Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kariz-e Diklan (Persian: كاريزديكلن‎, also Romanized as Kārīz-e Dīklan; also known as Kāvīz-e Dīklan and Dīglān) is a village in Fariman Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kariz-e Diklan	Fariman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richard and Karen Carpenter Performing Arts Center in Long Beach, California is a theater that hosts a variety of events, including films, forums, and musical and theatrical performances.	Carpenter Performing Arts Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNGH-FM (98.9 FM) is an NPR-member public radio station (via its radio network), licensed to Chatsworth, Georgia, USA.	WNGH-FM	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladden Windmill is an historic windmill formerly located on Pigeon Valley Road in Napoli, Cattaraugus County, New York.	Gladden Windmill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grove Hill Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 3A0) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) southeast of the central business district of Grove Hill, a city in Clarke County, Alabama, United States.	Grove Hill Municipal Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pont Reading is a historic home located in the Ardmore section of Haverford Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Pont Reading	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jesus Green is a park in the north of central Cambridge, England.	Jesus Green	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Islands of Four Mountains is an island grouping of the Aleutian Islands in Alaska, United States.	Islands of Four Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Gholamreza (Persian: حاجي غلامرضا‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Gholāmrez̤ā) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hajji Gholamreza	Shirin Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Gach (Persian: چال گچ‎, also Romanized as Chāl Gach) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Gach	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdice is a small Czech town in the Central Bohemian Region in the Beroun District.	Zdice	Beroun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Semerun (Persian: سمرون‎, also Romanized as Semerūn and Semrun; also known as Semīrūn and Sīmerūn) is a village in Tut-e Nadeh Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Semerun	Tut-e Nadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Offenburg station is in Baden-Württemberg and has seven tracks on four platforms.	Offenburg station	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Hole National Battlefield preserves a Nez Perce War battlefield located in Montana, United States.	Big Hole National Battlefield	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amorett Konfektionsfabrik was a clothing manufacturing company in Oslo, Norway.	Amorett Konfektionsfabrik	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	DePaul Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Wayne, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States, that operates under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Paterson.	DePaul Catholic High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harlaw Park is a football ground in the town of Inverurie, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Harlaw Park	Inverurie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlington Heights School District 25 operates seven elementary schools, two middle schools, and lease two other buildings and is located in Arlington Heights, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.	Arlington Heights School District 25	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galabank is a football stadium in the town of Annan, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Galabank	Annan, Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Colony (Urdu: نیول کالونی ‎) (also known as Haroon Bahria Co-operative Housing Society or H.B.C.H.S.) is one of the neighbourhoods of Baldia Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Naval Colony	Karachi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Gralewo (ˈstarɛ ɡraˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Gralewo	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tosham (Hindi: तोशाम) is a town and a municipal committee in Bhiwani district in the Indian state of Haryana.	Tosham	Bhiwani district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Ashland, Nebraska is an Army National Guard facility located near Ashland, Nebraska.	Camp Ashland	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXAF (90.9 FM) is a religious-formatted radio station serving the Charleston, West Virginia metropolitan area.	WXAF	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albert Einstein High School, named after the German-born physicist Albert Einstein, is a four-year high school located at 11135 Newport Mill Road, near Kensington in Montgomery County, Maryland.	Albert Einstein High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cringleford is a parish and village in Norfolk, England on the banks of the River Yare on the outskirts of Norwich.	Cringleford	Norfolk	Norwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kusterdingen is a municipality in southern Germany in the state of Baden-Württemberg, approximately 30 km south of Stuttgart, in the district of Tübingen.	Kusterdingen	Tübingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friedrich Wilderness Park lies at the southern end of the Texas Hill Country.	Friedrich Wilderness Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Española is a barrio (neighbourhood or district) of Montevideo.	Villa Española	Montevideo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kehra is a small town in Harju County, northern Estonia, and the administrative centre of Anija Parish.	Kehra	Anija Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziewiętlin (d͡ʑɛˈvjɛntlin) (German: Hedwigsthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dziewiętlin	Gmina Krośnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lardon Chase, the Holies and Lough Down are three adjacent National Trust countryside properties in the English county of Berkshire.	Lardon Chase, the Holies and Lough Down	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fossil Cabin near Medicine Bow, Wyoming, United States, was built in 1932 as a roadside attraction.	Fossil Cabin	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Cairn is a neighbourhood in Kanata South Ward in the west end of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Glen Cairn	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ältasjön, of which the easternmost fourth belongs to the Stockholm Municipality and the rest to Nacka Municipality, is the uppermost lake in the Sicklaån water system which also include Ulvsjön, Söderbysjön, Dammtorpssjön, Källtorpssjön, Järlasjön, and Sicklasjön.	Ältasjön	Nacka Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenowa Hills Public Schools is a school district headquartered in Alpine Township, Michigan in Greater Grand Rapids.	Kenowa Hills Public Schools	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ting Kau (汀九) is an area in west Tsuen Wan District, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Ting Kau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherry Creek Golf Links is a golf club located in Riverhead on Long Island in the state of New York in the United States.	Cherry Creek Golf Links	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arfiane El Bared (also known as El Arfiane) is a village in the commune of Tendla, in Djamaâ District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	Arfiane El Bared	Djamaâ District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyndham Estate is a leading winery located in the Hunter Region, in New South Wales, Australia.It was founded by George Wyndham who came to Australia in 1827, and planted a vineyard around his home, Dalwood, in the Hunter Valley.	Wyndham Estate	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Governor Furnas Arboretum is a young arboretum located in Brownville, Nebraska, United States.	Governor Furnas Arboretum	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberthin is a small village, just outside Cowbridge in the Vale of Glamorgan, South Wales, on the north side of a shallow valley, less than a mile northeast of Cowbridge across the A48 road.	Aberthin	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Baba Jan (Persian: بن باباجان‎, also Romanized as Bon Bābā Jān) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Bon Baba Jan	Aramu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canglang Subdistrict (Chinese: 沧浪街道) is a township-level division of Gusu District, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.	Canglang Subdistrict	Gusu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steynsburg is a town of the Gariep Local Municipality in Joe Gqabi District Municipality of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Steynsburg	Gariep Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chatfield High School is a public high school located in southeastern Minnesota approximately ten miles south of Rochester, Minnesota in the town of Chatfield, Minnesota.	Chatfield High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podewsie (pɔˈdɛfɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Podewsie	Gmina Łopuszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Herman C. Timm House is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New Holstein, Wisconsin, United States.	Herman C. Timm House	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Galleria at Roseville (formerly called Galleria at Roseville) is an upscale shopping mall in Roseville, California, United States.	Westfield Galleria at Roseville	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gil Khuran District (Persian: بخش گیل‌خوران‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gil Khuran District	Juybar County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vasi-ye Sofla (Persian: وصي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Vaşī-ye Soflá; also known as Vāsī, Vaşī-ye Pā’īn, and Wassi) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Vasi-ye Sofla	Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonnie Field (FAA LID: 6Y4) is a privately owned, public-use airport in Marquette County, Michigan, United States.	Bonnie Field	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Darugheh (Persian: ده داروغه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Dārūgheh) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Darugheh	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alpstein massif is in Appenzell Innerrhoden, Appenzell Ausserrhoden and St. Gallen.	Alpstein	Appenzell Innerrhoden	Appenzell Ausserrhoden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bersimis-2 generating station is a dam and a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station built by Hydro-Québec on the Betsiamites River, in Lac-au-Brochet, 66 km (41 mi) north of the town of Forestville, Quebec.	Bersimis-2 generating station	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orono Bog is a bog that covers 600 acres (240 ha) and is part of the Caribou Bog complex in Penobscot County, Maine.	Orono Bog	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurushabad (Persian: كوروش اباد‎, also Romanized as Kūrūshābād; also known as Darvīshābād and Dervishova) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kurushabad	Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gielgud Theatre is a West End theatre, located on Shaftesbury Avenue in the City of Westminster, London, at the corner of Rupert Street.	Gielgud Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motley Slough Bridge is a small bridge designated a Mississippi Landmark and on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places, located in Lowndes County, Mississippi.	Motley Slough Bridge	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Fisher Rare Book Library is a library in the University of Toronto, constituting the largest repository of publicly accessible rare books and manuscripts in Canada.	Thomas Fisher Rare Book Library	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achnabat is a small crofting settlement, on the B862, in Inverness-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Achnabat	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Palermo (Italian: provincia di Palermo; Sicilian: pruvincia di Palermu) was a province in the autonomous region of Sicily, a major island in Southern Italy.	Province of Palermo	Sicily
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramasamudram is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Ramasamudram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barmsar (Persian: برمصار‎, also Romanized as Barmṣār) is a village in Kabgan Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Barmsar	Kabgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karataş Şahinbey Sport Hall (Turkish: Karataş Şahinbey Spor Salonu) is an indoor multi-purpose sport venue that is located in the Gaziantep, Turkey.	Karataş Şahinbey Sport Hall	Gaziantep
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackfoot High School is a four-year public secondary school in Blackfoot, Idaho, the only traditional high school in the Blackfoot School District #55 in south central Bingham County.	Blackfoot High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witzhelden is a small town located in the district of Leichlingen near the cities of Düsseldorf, Solingen, and Cologne in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.	Witzhelden	Leichlingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gand Lavar (Persian: گندلاور‎, also Romanized as Gand Lāvar; also known as Gondeh Lābar) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gand Lavar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzemżal (ˈtʂɛmʐal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Trzemżal	Gmina Trzemeszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Średzińskie (ɕrɛˈd͡ʑiɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Średzińskie	Gmina Suraż
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred J. and Georgia A. Armstrong House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Alfred J. and Georgia A. Armstrong House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Girard Point Bridge is a double-decked cantilever bridge carrying Interstate 95 across the Schuylkill River in the American city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Girard Point Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esnagi Lake is a large ``V''-shaped lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District, Ontario, Canada.	Esnagi Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teakerne Arm Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the north shore of Teakerne Arm on West Redonda Island in the Discovery Islands archipelago, to the northeast of the city of Campbell River, Canada.	Teakerne Arm Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leklowy (lɛˈklɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Leklowy	Gmina Stare Pole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangollen (Welsh pronunciation: (ɬaŋˈɡɔɬɛn)) is a small town and community in Denbighshire, north-east Wales, situated on the River Dee and on the edge of the Berwyn mountains.	Llangollen	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perot Museum of Nature and Science (shortened to Perot Museum) is a natural history and science museum located in Dallas, Texas.	Perot Museum of Nature and Science	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Hanley Schoolhouse Museum is a community museum located in a historic one-room school in Mount Hanley, Annapolis County, Nova Scotia.	Mount Hanley Schoolhouse Museum	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Bircham is the largest of the three villages that make up the civil parish of Bircham, in the west of the English county of Norfolk.	Great Bircham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pedestrian Drama is a site-specific public art work by American artist Janet Zweig, located on the east end of Wisconsin Avenue in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Pedestrian Drama	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herald Park (also known as Houston Base Ball Park, Fair Ground Park, and League Park) was a baseball park located in Houston, Texas and was the home of the Houston Buffaloes from 1888 until 1904.	Herald Park	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stimson House is a Richardsonian Romanesque mansion in Los Angeles, California, on Figueroa Street north of West Adams.	Stimson House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Øksfjord (Northern Sami: Ákšovuotna) is the administrative centre of the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.	Øksfjord	Loppa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dos Lomitas Ranch, also known as the Rattlesnake Ranch, Blankenship Well and the Gray Ranch, was the first of fifteen ranches and line camps in the Gray family cattle business in the Sonoran Desert country north of the US-Mexico border in Arizona.	Dos Lomitas Ranch	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grenagh is a village situated 1 km from the main Cork-Limerick road (N20) in County Cork, Province of Munster, Ireland.	Grenagh	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przeczyce (pʂɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mierzęcice, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przeczyce	Gmina Mierzęcice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khonjuk (Persian: خنجوك‎, also Romanized as Khonjūk and Khonjūk; also known as Sūnū) is a village in Paskuh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khonjuk	Paskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clawddnewydd is a village in the community of Derwen, Denbighshire.	Clawddnewydd	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lady Luck Casino Vicksburg in Vicksburg, Mississippi is a 25,000-square-foot (2,300 m2) casino with an 89-room hotel.	Lady Luck Casino Vicksburg	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardna Mała (ˈɡardna ˈmawa) (German: Klein Garde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gardna Mała	Gmina Smołdzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Hubert Catholic High School for Girls is a private, independent Roman Catholic preparatory school for girls located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	St. Hubert Catholic High School for Girls	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberkenfig (Welsh: Abercynffig, meaning ``mouth of the Kenfig (stream)) is a village located in the County Borough of Bridgend, Wales to the north of Bridgend town.	Aberkenfig	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cruchten (Luxembourgish: Kruuchten) is a small village in the commune of Nommern, in central Luxembourg.	Cruchten	Nommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rîbnița (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈrɨbnit͡sa); also spelled Râbnița; Moldovan Cyrillic and Russian: Ры́бница, Rybnitsa; Ukrainian: Ри́бниця, Rybnytsia or Rybnytsya; Yiddish: ריבניץ‎, Ribnitz; Polish: Rybnica) is a city in Moldova, under the administration of the breakaway government of Transnistria.	Rîbnița	Transnistria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posłoda (pɔˈswɔda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Posłoda	Gmina Lelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stahleck Castle (German: Burg Stahleck) is a 12th-century fortified castle in the Upper Middle Rhine Valley at Bacharach in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Stahleck Castle	Bacharach
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Blue Hills are a low mountain range in west Fresno County, in the western San Joaquin Valley of central California.	Big Blue Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hornostaipil (Ukrainian: Горностайпіль, Russian: Горностайпель, Yiddish: הארנאסטייפל Horensteipl, Hornosteipel) is a Ukrainian village in the Ivankiv Raion, Kiev Oblast.	Hornostaipil	Ivankiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nalhati police station under Rampurhat subdivision of Birbhum district looks after two administrative blocks Nalhati I and Nalhati II. Nalhati municipality was established in 2000.	Nalhati	Birbhum district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Callanish III stone circle (Scottish Gaelic: Cnoc Fillibhir Bheag) is one of many megalithic structures around the better-known (and larger) Calanais I on the west coast of the isle of Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Callanish III	Lewis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qameshkan-e Sofla (Persian: قمشكان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qameshkān-e Soflá; also known as Qameshgān-e Pā'īn and Qameshgān-e Soflá) is a village in Bastam Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qameshkan-e Sofla	Bastam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Kat (Persian: سركت‎) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sar Kat	Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santana do Araguaia is the southernmost city in the Brazilian state of Pará.	Santana do Araguaia	Pará
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Michael-le-Querne, also called St Michael ad Bladum, was a parish church in the Farringdon Within Ward in the City of London.	St Michael-le-Querne	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shr-Hwa International Tower (Chinese: 世華國際大樓; pinyin: Shìhuá Guójì Dàlóu) is a skyscraper located in West District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Shr-Hwa International Tower	West District, Taichung
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daviess County Airport (ICAO: KDCY, FAA LID: DCY) is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Washington, a city in Daviess County, Indiana, United States.	Daviess County Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slauson Avenue is a major east--west thoroughfare for southern Los Angeles County, California, named for the land developer and Los Angeles Board of Education member J. S. Slauson.	Slauson Avenue	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topola-Osiedle (tɔˈpɔla ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Topola-Osiedle	Gmina Przygodzice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Madison is a mountain in the Presidential Range of New Hampshire in the United States.	Mount Madison	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elm Hill Farm Historic District is a historic district on East Main Street east of the junction with Brookfield Road in Brookfield, Massachusetts.	Elm Hill Farm Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hirom (Persian: هيرم‎, also Romanized as Hīrom; also known as Hīrūm) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hirom	Bid Shahr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frankfort-Highland Airport (FAA LID: 6B4) is a privately owned, public use airport located west of Frankfort, a village in the Town of Frankfort, Herkimer County, New York, United States.	Frankfort-Highland Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Register House is the main building of the General Register Office for Scotland, located near St Andrew Square to the east end of Princes Street in the New Town of Edinburgh, Scotland.	New Register House	Scotland	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tandag, officially the City of Tandag and often referred to as Tandag City, is a fifth class city and the provincial capital of the province of Surigao del Sur, Philippines, on the island of Mindanao.	Tandag	Surigao del Sur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horti Point is a headland on Merritt Island in Brevard County, Florida.	Horti Point	Brevard County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edinburgh Festival Theatre (formerly Empire Palace Theatre) is a performing arts venue located on Nicolson Street in Edinburgh, Scotland used primarily for performances of opera and ballet, large-scale musical events, and touring groups.	Edinburgh Festival Theatre	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gage Airport (IATA: GAG, ICAO: KGAG, FAA LID: GAG) is a town owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Gage, a town in Ellis County, Oklahoma, United States.	Gage Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumaná (Spanish pronunciation: (kumaˈna), 824,764 inhabitants) is the capital of Venezuela's Sucre State.	Cumaná	Sucre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highland Mall was a shopping mall located in north Austin, Texas, on Airport Boulevard west of I-35 and north of US Route 290.	Highland Mall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tagalaht (Swedish: Taggaviken) is a bay in the Baltic Sea, on the north-west coast of Saaremaa Island in Estonia, situated between the Tagamõisa Peninsula (German: Hundsort) and Ninase (Cape Ninnast).	Tagalaht	Saaremaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tečići (Serbian Cyrillic: Течићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina	Tečići	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rapćani (Serbian: Рапћани) is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Rapćani	Derventa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flujerd (Persian: فلوجرد‎, also Romanized as Flūjerd) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Flujerd	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Viran (Persian: ده ويران‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Vīrān and Deh Vīrān) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Viran	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kappe Residence is a house in the Pacific Palisades section of Los Angeles, California, designed by architect Raymond Kappe, FAIA, as his own residence.	Kappe Residence	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowalewo Opactwo-Wieś (kɔvaˈlɛvɔ ɔˈpat͡stfɔ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kowalewo Opactwo-Wieś	Gmina Słupca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Afon Twymyn (English: River Twymyn) is a river in Powys, Mid Wales.	Afon Twymyn	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kevelaer is a municipality in the district of Kleve, in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.	Kevelaer	Kleve
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramshayeh (Persian: رمشايه‎, also Romanized as Ramshāyeh) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ramshayeh	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sylvan Lake State Park is a Colorado state park located in Eagle County, 10 miles (16 km) south of Eagle, Colorado.	Sylvan Lake State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Grabowo (ˈstarɛ ɡraˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Grabowo	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bettman Preserve, owned and operated by the Cincinnati Park Board, is a city park in the neighborhoods of Evanston and Hyde Park in Cincinnati, Ohio on Beech Lane.	Bettman Preserve	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shwebo (Burmese: ရွှေဘိုမြို့ (ʃwèbò mjo̰)) is a city in Sagaing Region, 110 km northwest of Mandalay between the Irrawaddy and the Mu rivers.	Shwebo	Sagaing Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tongyeong is a coastal city in South Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.	Tongyeong	South Gyeongsang Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Qanbar (Persian: قلعه قنبر‎‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Qanbar and Qal``eh Qanbar) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 6 families.	Qaleh-ye Qanbar	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roosevelt Mall is a medium-sized outdoor shopping mall, located along Pennsylvania Route 73 (Cottman Avenue) between Bustleton Avenue and Roosevelt Boulevard in the Castor Gardens neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Roosevelt Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount McBride is a mountain located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia.	Mount McBride	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ni'iinlii'njik (Fishing Branch) Territorial Park is a territorial park located in Yukon, Canada.	Ni'iinlii'njik (Fishing Branch) Territorial Park	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Churchill is a volcano in the Saint Elias Mountains and the Wrangell Volcanic Field of eastern Alaska.	Mount Churchill	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabianów (ɡraˈbjanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grabianów	Gmina Siedlce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajševica (pronounced (ˈaːi̯ʃɛʋitsa); Italian: Aisovizza) is a settlement in western Slovenia in the Municipality of Nova Gorica.	Ajševica	Nova Gorica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hobart Building is an office high rise located at 582--592 Market Street, near Montgomery Street, in the financial district of San Francisco.	Hobart Building	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBDG (90.9 FM) is a high school radio station broadcasting a Variety format from Ben Davis High School in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA.	WBDG	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Nayib (Persian: محمدابادنايب‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Nāyīb) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Nayib	Fathabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polków (ˈpɔlkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Polków	Gmina Zduńska Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonnet Lake or Lake Bonnet is a 268-acre (1,080,000 m2) natural freshwater lake in Highlands County, Florida.	Bonnet Lake	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabin John Creek is a tributary stream of the Potomac River in Montgomery County, Maryland.	Cabin John Creek	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ceannabeinne (gaelic for the end of the mountains) is a ruined village within the parish of Durness, in the county of Sutherland, in the far north of the Highlands of Scotland.	Ceannabeinne	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Beach Promenade is one of three beaches in Benidorm, Spain.	West Beach Promenade	Benidorm
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cenad (Hungarian: Csanád; Serbian: Чанад) is a commune in Timiș County, Banat, Romania.	Cenad	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marlborough Country Club is a private country club open to the public on Mondays and Tuesdays located in Marlborough, Massachusetts, USA.	Marlborough Country Club	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jefferson Pointe Shopping Center is an open-air lifestyle center in Fort Wayne, Indiana.	Jefferson Pointe	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pollock Halls of Residence are the main halls of residence for the University of Edinburgh, located at the foot of Arthur's Seat in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Pollock Halls of Residence	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holdgate (or Stanton Holdgate or Castle Holdgate) is a small village in Shropshire, England.	Holdgate	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edisto River is one of the longest free-flowing blackwater rivers in North America, flowing over 250 meandering miles from its sources in Saluda and Edgefield counties, to its Atlantic Ocean mouth at Edisto Beach, South Carolina.	Edisto River	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashtar (Persian: كاشتر‎, also Romanized as Kāshtar; also known as Khoshkeh Dūl, Khowshdār, and Kushdar) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kashtar	Zhavehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quargnento (Quargnent in Piedmontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) east of Turin and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) northwest of Alessandria.	Quargnento	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hellenic College Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology (HCHC) is an Orthodox Christian liberal arts college and seminary in Brookline, Massachusetts.	Hellenic College Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salton Sea is a shallow, saline, endorheic rift lake located directly on the San Andreas Fault, predominantly in California's Imperial and Coachella valleys.	Salton Sea	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Waen (Thai: บ้านแหวน) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Hang Dong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Ban Waen	Hang Dong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisiczyn (liˈɕit͡ʂɨn) (German: Fuchswinkel) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lisiczyn	Gmina Ruciane-Nida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port of Ness (Scottish Gaelic: Port Nis) is a village on the Isle of Lewis in the community of Ness, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Port of Ness	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haines Airport (IATA: HNS, ICAO: PAHN, FAA LID: HNS) is a state-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Haines, a city in the Haines Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Haines Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Habibpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 7 Maldaha Uttar (Lok Sabha constituency).	Habibpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Maldaha Uttar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nova Bréscia is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, settled by Italian immigrants from Brescia.	Nova Bréscia	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Worthington Historic District is a historic district encompassing the formerly industrial, but now rural, village of South Worthington, Massachusetts.	South Worthington Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Hasan Kangarlu (Persian: قشلاق حسن كنگرلو ‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩasan Kangarlū; also known as Ḩasan Qeshlāqī-ye Kangarlū) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hasan Kangarlu	Garamduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Image College of Fine Arts is a PCTIA-accredited private academy for film acting, make-up artistry and aesthetics, located in downtown Vancouver, British Columbia.	New Image College of Fine Arts	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	59 Rodney Street, Liverpool, Merseyside, England, is a National Trust property and home of the ``E. Chambré Hardman Studio, House & Photographic Collection''.	59 Rodney Street	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kovanoor is a village in Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India, This is a very small village situated between two tributaries of Kaveri Rivers (Aralaru & Thirumalairajan).	Kovanoor	Thanjavur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prideaux Place is a grade I listed Elizabethan country house in the parish of Padstow, Cornwall, England.	Prideaux Place	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sloane Square is a small hard-landscaped square on the boundaries of the central London districts of Knightsbridge, Belgravia and Chelsea, located 2.1 miles (3.4 km) southwest of Charing Cross, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.	Sloane Square	Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gore Range (elevation approximately 12,000 ft) is a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of north central Colorado in the United States.	Gore Range	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Hamadaniah Stadium (Arabic: ملعب الحمدانية‎) is an all-seater multi-purpose stadium in Aleppo, Syria.	Al-Hamadaniah Stadium	Aleppo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worszyny (vɔrˈʂɨnɨ) (German: Worschienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Worszyny	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Standard Insurance Center, originally the Georgia-Pacific Building, is a 27-story office building in Portland, Oregon.	Standard Insurance Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Glass Centre is a cultural venue and visitor attraction located in Sunderland, North East England.	National Glass Centre	Sunderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sporminore (Ladin: Sporpiciol, German: Neuspaur) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Trento.	Sporminore	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Don Pedro Dam, since 1971 also known as the Old Don Pedro Dam, was a dam across the Tuolumne River in Tuolumne County, California.	Don Pedro Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamin-e Anjir (Persian: زمين انجير‎, also Romanized as Zamīn-e Anjīr and Zamīn Anjīr) is a village in Javaran Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zamin-e Anjir	Hanza District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Post Oak Central is a skyscraper complex in Uptown Houston, Texas, United States.	Post Oak Central	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station Oakland is a former military airport located 4 NM (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) south of the central business district of Oakland, a city in Alameda County, California, United States.	Naval Air Station Oakland	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palais Caprara-Geymüller, sometimes known as Palais Caprara, is a Baroque palace in Vienna, Austria.	Palais Caprara-Geymüller	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churchill and Sarsden is a civil parish about 3 miles (5 km) southwest of Chipping Norton in West Oxfordshire.	Churchill and Sarsden	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malkangiri district is a district of the state of Odisha, India.	Malkangiri district	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twarogi Ruskie (tfaˈrɔɡi ˈruskʲɛ) (translation: Russian Cottage Cheeses) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Twarogi Ruskie	Gmina Perlejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyboda Depot (in Swedish: Nybodadepån or Nybodahallen) is a garage/depot for subway trains and buses of Storstockholms Lokaltrafik (SL), located in Liljeholmen, Stockholm Municipality, along Hägerstensvägen and under Essingeleden (Hägerstensviadukten).	Nyboda Depot	Stockholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suzar (Persian: سوزر‎, also Romanized as Sūzar) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Suzar	Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gosnell High School (or Gosnell Secondary School) is an accredited comprehensive public high school located in the city of Gosnell, Arkansas, United States, located northwest of Blytheville.	Gosnell High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KASK (91.5 FM) is a non-commercial American radio station broadcasting a Christian talk and teaching format, licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to serve the community of Fairfield, California.	KASK	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nathan Wild House is an historic building in Valatie, Columbia County, New York, United States.	Nathan Wild House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moreno Partido is a partido of the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, within the Gran Buenos Aires urban agglomerate.	Moreno Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXKB (103.9 FM, ``B-103.9'') is a commercial radio station located in Cape Coral, Florida, broadcasting to Fort Myers and Naples, Florida.	WXKB	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elenthikara is a small village in Puthenvelikara Panchayath, Paravur Taluk, Ernakulam district of Kerala.	Elenthikara	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorncliffe Park is a densely populated, multicultural neighbourhood in central east Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in the former Borough of East York.	Thorncliffe Park	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockglen is a community in the Burning Hills of the Wood Mountain Uplands, in Saskatchewan, Canada, providing a school, community hall, public library and five parks, as well a local service industry.	Rockglen	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leadbetter Point State Park is a Washington state park on the Long Beach Peninsula northwest of Oysterville.	Leadbetter Point State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salin Township (Burmese: စလင်း မြို့နယ်) is a township of Minbu District in the Magway Division of Myanmar.	Salin Township	Minbu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zagoździe (zaˈɡɔʑd͡ʑe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zagoździe	Gmina Stanin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ironsides Island is an uninhabited rocky island in the Saint Lawrence River, and part of the Thousand Islands region near Alexandria Bay, New York.	Ironsides Island	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mairipotaba is a municipality, in south Goiás state, Brazil.	Mairipotaba	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aldsworth is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire, about ten miles north-east of Cirencester.	Aldsworth	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar-e Kalat (Persian: دركلات‎, also Romanized as Dar-e Kalāt) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar-e Kalat	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohra Hojjatabad (Persian: صحراحجت اباد‎, also Romanized as Şoḩrā Ḩojjatābād) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohra Hojjatabad	Murcheh Khvort Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghjeh-ye Seyyedan (Persian: اغجه سيدان‎, also Romanized as Āghjeh-ye Seyyedān; also known as Āghcheh Kharābeh, Āghcheh-ye Seyyedān, Āghjeh Kharābeh-ye Seyyedhā, and Seyyedān) is a village in Sangestan Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Aghjeh-ye Seyyedan	Sangestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Salem is a historic district of Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	Old Salem	Winston-Salem
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Antonio Reservoir is located in Alameda County, California, about three miles east-southeast of Sunol.	San Antonio Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahrevan (Persian: نهروان‎, also Romanized as Nahrevān, Nahravān, and Nahrwān; also known as Nakhrvan and Nīrūbān) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Nahrevan	Sojas Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nimble Nook is a locality in the town of Chadderton in Greater Manchester.	Nimble Nook	Chadderton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Germanicha (ɡɛrmaˈnixa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Germanicha	Gmina Wola Mysłowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmonton/Cooking Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CEE7), is located 16 nautical miles (30 km; 18 mi) southeast of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton/Cooking Lake Water Aerodrome	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwidzyn County (Polish: powiat kwidzyński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Kwidzyn County	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Knoyle is a small village and civil parish in southwest Wiltshire, England, close to the southern edge of Salisbury Plain.	West Knoyle	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Zaman (Persian: پيرزمان‎, also Romanized as Pīr Zamān; also known as Parzaman) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pir Zaman	Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashkamir (Persian: كشكمير‎, also Romanized as Kashkamīr; also known as Kashkamīr-e Pā’īn, Kashkamīr-e Soflá, and Kashkeh Mīr-e Soflá) is a village in Kivanat Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kashkamir	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barry Farm is a neighborhood in Southeast Washington, D.C., located east of the Anacostia River and is bounded by the Southeast Freeway to the northwest, Suitland Parkway to the northeast and east, and St. Elizabeths Hospital to the south.	Barry Farm	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cochituate Aqueduct was an aqueduct bringing water to Boston, Massachusetts, during the years 1848-1951.	Cochituate Aqueduct	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village of Addyston Historic District is a historic district in the village of Addyston, located along the Ohio River near Cincinnati in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.	Village of Addyston Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jersey College for Girls (commonly abbreviated as ``JCG'') is a fee paying States of Jersey-provided school for girls located in Saint Saviour, Jersey, Channel Islands.	Jersey College for Girls	Saint Saviour
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jirikhimti is a market center in Myanglung Municipality in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal.	Jirikhimti	Terhathum District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rios-Caledonia Adobe is a California Historical Landmark (#936) and is on the National Register of Historic Places.	Rios-Caledonia Adobe	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merrimack Valley Seaplane Base (FAA LID: MA2) is a privately owned, public-use seaplane base located three miles (5 km) west of the central business district of Methuen, a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.	Merrimack Valley Seaplane Base	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wood Road Metal Truss Bridge is a historic Baltimore (petit) truss bridge located at Campbell in Steuben County, New York.	Wood Road Metal Truss Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stringston is a village and civil parish on the northern edge of the Quantock Hills in the English county of Somerset.	Stringston	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inverfarigaig (Scottish Gaelic: Inbhir Farragaig) is a hamlet at the mouth of the River Farigaig, on the south-east shore of Loch Ness in Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Inverfarigaig	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Osowa (ˈvɔla ɔˈsɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Osowa	Gmina Staszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ammendorf/Beesen is a suburb to the south of the city of Halle, Saxony-Anhalt.	Ammendorf/Beesen	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tądów Dolny (ˈtɔnduf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tądów Dolny	Gmina Warta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Coast AVA is an American Viticultural Area in the state of California that encompasses grape-growing regions in six counties located north of San Francisco:	North Coast AVA	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arco de la Victoria is a triumphal arch built in the Moncloa district of Madrid, Spain.	Arco de la Victoria	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milewo-Kulki (miˈlɛvɔ ˈkulki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Milewo-Kulki	Gmina Krasne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schuyler County Courthouse Complex is a historic courthouse complex located on North Frankln Street between 9th and 10th Streets in Watkins Glen in Schuyler County, New York.	Schuyler County Courthouse Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siemirowice (ɕɛmirɔˈvit͡sɛ) (Kashubian: Szemrejce) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Siemirowice	Gmina Cewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schrader Creek (also known as Schrader Branch or Schrader Run)is a tributary of Towanda Creek in Sullivan County and Bradford County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Schrader Creek	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Hāwea is located in the Otago Region of New Zealand, at an altitude of 348 metres.	Lake Hāwea	Otago Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Werynia (vɛˈrɨɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Werynia	Gmina Kolbuszowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wende Museum of the Cold War is an art museum, historical archive, and educational institution in Culver City, California.	Wende Museum	Culver City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eden Theological Seminary is a seminary of the United Church of Christ in Webster Groves, Missouri, near St. Louis, Missouri.	Eden Theological Seminary	Missouri	St. Louis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dazdarevo (Cyrillic: Даздарево) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dazdarevo	Bijeljina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firebaugh Airport (FAA LID: F34), formerly Q49, is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) west of Firebaugh, serving Fresno County, California, USA.	Firebaugh Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Champlain Mall (French: Mail Champlain) is a shopping mall located in Brossard, Quebec at the intersection of Taschereau Boulevard and Lapinière Boulevard.	Champlain Mall	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benedictine University at Springfield, formerly known as Springfield College in Illinois (SCI) or Springfield College, is a progressive liberal arts university offering a Ph.D., master-, bachelor- and associate-degree programs located in Springfield, Illinois.	Benedictine University at Springfield	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bojnu-ye Olya (Persian: بجنوعليا‎, also Romanized as Bojnū-ye ``Olyā; also known as Bojnū) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 456, in 108 families.	Bojnu-ye Olya	Binalud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adamaru or Adamaar (Tulu: ಅದಮಾರು) is a village in the Udupi district of the state of Karnataka, India.	Adamaru	Udupi district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bychawka Trzecia-Kolonia (bɨˈxafka ˈtʂɛt͡ɕa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bychawka Trzecia-Kolonia	Gmina Bychawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luizi-Călugăra (Hungarian: Lujzikalagor) is a commune in Bacău County Romania.	Luizi-Călugăra	Bacău County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telenor Arena, sometimes referred to as Fornebu Arena, is a multi-purpose indoor arena located at Fornebu in Bærum, outside Oslo, Norway.	Telenor Arena	Fornebu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koubaye is a village and commune in the Cercle of Mopti in the Mopti Region of Mali.	Koubaye	Mopti Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taipei Story House (Chinese: 台北故事館; pinyin: Táiběi Gùshì Guǎn), formerly known as the Yuanshan Mansion (Chinese: 圓山別莊), is a historic house in the Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Taipei Story House	Zhongshan District, Taipei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashnal (Persian: كشنل‎) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kashnal	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Badger Mountain Centennial Preserve protects Badger Mountain, located on the edge of Richland in Washington, provides a spectacular view of the Tri-Cities as well as the Columbia and Yakima rivers.	Badger Mountain Centennial Preserve	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Century of Progress Architectural District, a part of the eastern unit of Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore, is an historic district on Lake Front Drive in Beverly Shores, Porter County, Indiana.	Century of Progress Architectural District	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chichy (ˈxixɨ) (German: Kunzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małomice, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Chichy	Gmina Małomice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veenker Memorial Golf Course is a public golf course which is owned and operated by Iowa State University.	Veenker Memorial Golf Course	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajan Lateh-ye Sofla (Persian: تجن لته سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tajan Lateh-ye Soflá) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Shomali Rural District, Gahrbaran District, Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tajan Lateh-ye Sofla	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 83 Penniman Place in Brookline, Massachusetts was a rare early example of Greek Revival styling.	House at 83 Penniman Place	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Mandagar (Persian: علي ماندگار‎, also Romanized as ʿAlī Māndagār) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ali Mandagar	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mass Transit Railway (MTR) is the rapid transit railway system in Hong Kong.	MTR	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davis Creek Dam (National ID # NE82901) is a dam located at the county line between Greeley County and Valley County, in the middle part of the state of Nebraska.	Davis Creek Dam	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hend Khaleh Rural District (Persian: دهستان هندخاله‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hend Khaleh Rural District	Tulem District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gran Fiesta Tour Starring The Three Caballeros is a musical boat ride housed within the pyramid-shaped Mexico Pavilion, at the Epcot theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida.	Gran Fiesta Tour Starring The Three Caballeros	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Qasemabad (Persian: قلعه قاسم اباد‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Qāsemābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 17 families.	Qaleh-ye Qasemabad	Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalhar (Persian: قالهر‎‎, also Romanized as Qālhar; also known as Ghalhar, Golhar, Gulehār, and Kūlhār) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qalhar	Hastijan Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Francisco Grande is a hotel and golf resort is located in Casa Grande, Arizona approximately 46 miles south east of Phoenix.	Francisco Grande	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Clift, or High Banks, is a historic home at Matthews, Talbot County, Maryland, United States.	Rock Clift	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mosfilmovskaya Street (Russian: Мосфи́льмовская у́лица, romanised: Mosfílmovskaya úlitsa), formerly also Potylikha Street (Russian: Улица Поты́лиха), is a street in Ramenki District, West Administrative District, Moscow, where the Mosfilm Studios and many foreign embassies are located.	Mosfilmovskaya Street	Ramenki District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tower 49 is an office skyscraper in the Midtown Manhattan district of New York City.	Tower 49	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pemberton Valley is a valley flanking the Lillooet River upstream from Lillooet Lake, including the communities of Mount Currie, Pemberton, British Columbia and the agricultural district surrounding them and flanking the river as far upstream as the Pemberton Meadows area.	Pemberton Valley	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntingdonshire (/ˈhʌntɪŋdənʃə/ or /ˈhʌntɪŋdənʃɪər/; abbreviated Hunts) is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire, as well as a historic county of England.	Huntingdonshire	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aielo de Malferit is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain, most famous for being the birthplace of Nino Bravo.	Aielo de Malferit	Vall d'Albaida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midway State Park, located in Maple Springs, New York, USA was established in 1898 by the Jamestown & Lake Erie Railway as a picnic ground.	Midway State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pretty Rock National Wildlife Refuge is a 800-acre (320 ha) National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota.	Pretty Rock National Wildlife Refuge	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Falls Dam is a concrete gravity-type dam located near the town of American Falls, Idaho, on river mile 714.7 of the Snake River.	American Falls Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dana College is a currently defunct baccalaureate college located in Blair, Nebraska.	Dana College	Blair, Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Children's Wharf (until recently known as Museum Wharf) is a wharf on Congress Street in Boston, Massachusetts, on the Fort Point Channel with views of the Financial District and Boston Harbor.	Children's Wharf	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 14,058-foot (4284.8 m) fourteener is located in the Bureau of Land Management Handies Peak Wilderness Study Area, 13.4 miles (21.5 km) southwest by west (bearing 232°) of the Town of Lake City in Hinsdale County, Colorado, United States.	Handies Peak	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavaq (Persian: طوق‎, also Romanized as Ţavaq) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tavaq	Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yorba Linda High School (YLHS) is a 9th--12th grade public high school located in Yorba Linda, California, and is part of the Placentia-Yorba Linda Unified School District.	Yorba Linda High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Ràfol de Salem (Valencian pronunciation: (eɫ ˈrafoɫ ðe saˈlem), Spanish: Ráfol de Salem) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain.	El Ràfol de Salem	Vall d'Albaida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senjedu Allah Qoli (Persian: سنجدوالله قلي‎, also Romanized as Senjedū Allah Qolī; also known as Senjedū) is a village in Baharestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Senjedu Allah Qoli	Baharestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Construction of Bjelke-Petersen Dam near Cherbourg in Queensland, commenced in 1984 and finished in 1988.	Bjelke-Petersen Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newcastle Grammar School is an independent, co-educational, non-selective, non-denominational, Anglican-affiliated day school in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.	Newcastle Grammar School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egmont Key State Park is a Florida State Park located on Egmont Key, at the mouth of Tampa Bay, in the state of Florida, United States.	Egmont Key State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arles (French pronunciation: ​(aʁl); Occitan: Arle (ˈaʀle) in both classical and Mistralian norms; Arelate in ancient Latin) is a city and commune in the south of France, in the Bouches-du-Rhône department, of which it is a subprefecture, in the former province of Provence.	Arles	Bouches-du-Rhône
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabłonica Polska (jabwɔˈɲit͡sa ˈpɔlska) (Ukrainian: Яблуниця Польська, Yablunytsia Pol’s’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Haczów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Jabłonica Polska	Gmina Haczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aunk is a small hamlet in East Devon, England.	Aunk	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mull House and Cemetery is a historic home and cemetery located at Coeymans in Albany County, New York.	Mull House and Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Confederate Monument in Owingsville in Bath County, Kentucky, near Owingsville, Kentucky, commemorates the Confederate soldiers who hailed from Bath County.	Confederate Monument in Owingsville	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rice Lake State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States, just east of Owatonna.	Rice Lake State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Icahn Stadium is a 5,000 seat track and field and multipurpose facility located on Randalls Island in the borough of Manhattan in New York City.	Icahn Stadium	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Center for Urban Science and Progress (CUSP) is a degree-granting technology and research institute, that is located in Downtown Brooklyn, New York.	Center for Urban Science and Progress	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinoune (also written Haïnoune) is a village in the commune of Foggaret Ezzaouia, in In Salah District, Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	Hinoune	In Salah District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Warka (ˈstara ˈvarka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stara Warka	Gmina Warka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Sufi (Persian: حاجي صوفي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Şūfī) is a village in Zangebar Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hajji Sufi	Zangebar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buxted is a village and civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex in England.	Buxted	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David Sprague House is an historic house at 7 Harvard Avenue, at the corner of Taylor Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	David Sprague House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erie County Medical Center (ECMC) is a hospital with 550 beds located in the East Side of Buffalo, New York and a member of the Great Lakes Health System.	Erie County Medical Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murphy's Pond (sometimes referred to as ``Murphy Pond'') is a wetlands complex located in Hickman County, Kentucky.	Murphy's Pond	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarasp Castle (German: Schloss Tarasp, Romansh: Chastè da Tarasp) is a castle in Switzerland, near Tarasp, in Lower Engadin, Graubünden.	Tarasp Castle	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Clark Bridge was a bridge that carried U.S. Route 67 across the Mississippi River between West Alton, Missouri and Alton, Illinois.	Old Clark Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malibu Hindu Temple, a temple of the Hindu god Venkateswara, built in 1981, is located in the city of Calabasas near Malibu, California, in the Santa Monica Mountains.	Malibu Hindu Temple	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kvong is a small town with a population of only 204 (1 January 2014) located in Varde Municipality in the southwestern part of the Danish peninsula of Jutland.	Kvong	Varde Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pembrokeshire (/ˈpɛmbrʊkʃɪər/, /ˈpɛmbrʊkʃər/, or /ˈpɛmbroʊkʃɪər/; Welsh: Sir Benfro (ˈsiːr ˈbɛnvrɔ)) is a county in the south west of Wales.	Pembrokeshire	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judge William Shaw Anderson House is a building in Austintown, Ohio, listed in the National Register of Historic Places on 1976-03-17.	Judge William Shaw Anderson House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKinley Mine was an open-pit coal mine, owned by Chevron Corporation, and located in McKinley County, New Mexico.	McKinley Mine	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Pearsall was an early frontier fort constructed in 1756 in Romney, West Virginia (then known as Pearsall's Flats, Virginia) to protect local settlers in the South Branch Potomac River valley against Native American raids.	Fort Pearsall	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	State Normal Training School is a historic training school at Washington Street in Westfield, Massachusetts.	State Normal Training School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbasy Małe (arˈbasɨ ˈmawɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Arbasy Małe	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Reza (Persian: مزرعه رضا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Rez̤ā) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Reza	Sarvelayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chase-Hyde Farm is a historic property located at 1281-1291 New Boston Road in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Chase-Hyde Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardtun (Scottish Gaelic: Àird Tunna) is a settlement on the Isle of Mull, in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Ardtun	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	PalaPentassuglia, or PalaElio, is an indoor arena that is located in Brindisi, Italy.	PalaPentassuglia	Brindisi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavlin (Persian: باولين‎, also Romanized as Bāvlīn; also known as Emamzadegan Ahmed va Mahmud (Persian: امامزادگان احمد و محمود), also Romanized as Emāmzādegān Āḥmed va Maḥmūd) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bavlin	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nether Denton is a scattered settlement and civil parish in rural Cumbria, situated about 12 miles (19 km) north-east of Carlisle, by the A69 road.	Nether Denton	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Angelo in Pontano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) south of Ancona and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of Macerata.	Sant'Angelo in Pontano	Province of Macerata
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abadi Zavarzmand Shomareh Mowtowr 55 (Persian: ابادي زورزمندشماره موتور55‎, also Romanized as Ābādī Zavarzmand Shomāreh Mowtowr 55) is a village in Joghatai Rural District, in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abadi Zavarzmand Shomareh Mowtowr 55	Joghatai Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polt Halleh (Persian: پلط هاله‎, also Romanized as Polţ Hālleh) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Polt Halleh	Seh Hezar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cwmcarn is a village situated in the Ebbw valley in south Wales, in the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire.	Cwmcarn	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorsino (German: Dursin) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Trento.	Dorsino	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogatki (bɔˈɡatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bogatki	Gmina Piaseczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parliament Hill (French: Colline du Parlement), colloquially known as The Hill, is an area of Crown land on the southern banks of the Ottawa River in downtown Ottawa, Ontario.	Parliament Hill	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paradise River is a small, short but swift river in Pierce County, Washington.	Paradise River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayavalla Plantation was a quail hunting plantation located in northwest Leon County, Florida, established by John Henry Howard Phipps, son of John Shaffer Phipps of the prominent Phipps family.	Ayavalla Plantation	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golenicki Młyn (ɡɔlɛˈnit͡ski ˈmwɨn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Golenicki Młyn	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slaidburn is a village and civil parish within the Ribble Valley district of Lancashire, England.	Slaidburn	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoughton High School (SHS) serves the educational needs of the town of Stoughton, Massachusetts.	Stoughton High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamienica Górna (kamjɛˈnit͡sa ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kamienica Górna	Gmina Brzostek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broughall is a village in Shropshire, England, situated about 1.5 miles east of Whitchurch, also the site of the nearest railway station.	Broughall	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thanti is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.	Thanti	Achham District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palacio de los Deportes Virgilio Travieso Soto is an 8,337-seat multi-purpose arena in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, built in 1974 for the XII Central American and Caribbean Games.	Palacio de los Deportes Virgilio Travieso Soto	Santo Domingo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Speyer (also spelled Speier and formerly known as Spires in English) is a town in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, with approximately 50,000 inhabitants.	Speyer	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simcoe West was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Ontario, active from 1875 to 1926 and from 1987 to 1999.	Simcoe West	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, approximate 12 miles (19 km) away from King's Lynn.	Marham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbastan (Persian: ارباستان‎, also Romanized as Arbāstān) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Arbastan	Shirju Posht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyman High School is a public high school located in Longwood, Florida, a city located approximately 10 miles north of Orlando.	Lyman High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lovettsville air disaster occurred on August 31, 1940 near Lovettsville, Virginia.	Lovettsville air disaster	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Avoca Vineyard is a winery located in the Pyrenees Wine Region of Victoria, Australia near the town of Avoca.	Mount Avoca Vineyard	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood Reservoir, also known as Lake Hollywood is a reservoir located in the Hollywood Hills, situated in the Santa Monica Mountains north of the Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Hollywood Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamardugh (Persian: كمردوغ‎, also Romanized as Kamardūgh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kamardugh	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christodora House is a historic building located at 143 Avenue B in the East Village/Alphabet City neighborhoods of Manhattan, New York City.	Christodora House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The last surviving native herd of bighorn sheep in Washington was located on Chopaka Mountain until hunted out in the 1920s.	Chopaka Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łozowo (wɔˈzɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łozowo	Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minute Man Air Field (FAA LID: 6B6) is a public-use airport located at 302 Boxboro Road, Stow, Massachusetts, United States.	Minute Man Air Field	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gizanag (Persian: گيزنگ‎, also Romanized as Gīzanag; also known as Gīzanak) is a village in Bondar Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gizanag	Bondar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Granite Mountain Air Station (IATA: GMT, FAA LID: GSZ) is a private airport located in Granite Mountain, Alaska, USA.	Granite Mountain Air Station	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Huron Northern High School (also PHN or Northern) is a high school located in Port Huron, Michigan.	Port Huron Northern High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadakkal is a historic town located in the eastern part of Kollam district, Kerala.	Kadakkal	Kollam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBZG 100.9 FM is a radio station licensed to Peru, Illinois, covering, LaSalle, Peru, Princeton, and Vicinity.	WBZG	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Aqa Kandi (Persian: حاجي اقاكندي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Āqā Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hajji Aqa Kandi	Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamiołki-Kowale (jaˈmjɔu̯ki kɔˈvalɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jamiołki-Kowale	Gmina Sokoły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajirabad (Persian: اجيراباد‎, also Romanized as Ajīrābād; also known as Ajrābād and Jīrābād) is a village in Ardalan Rural District, Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ajirabad	Ardalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poncione di Valleggia is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Bedretto, in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Poncione di Valleggia	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budne Sowięta (ˈbudnɛ sɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budne Sowięta	Gmina Baranowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annaberg Historic District is a historic section of Saint John, United States Virgin Islands where the Annaberg sugar plantation ruins are located.	Annaberg Historic District	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adirondack Canoe Classic, also known as the 90-miler, is a three-day, 90-mile (140 km) canoe race from Old Forge to Saranac Lake in the Adirondacks of New York, USA.	Adirondack Canoe Classic	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąsice (vɔ̃ˈɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wąsice	Gmina Wołczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Li Calzi Airport (FAA LID: N50) was a privately owned, public-use airport located two nautical miles (2.3 mi, 3.7 km) south of the central business district of Bridgeton, a city in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States.	Li Calzi Airport	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	7 High Street, Fremantle is a historically-significant building in the West End of Fremantle, Western Australia.	7 High Street, Fremantle	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Khesht (Persian: چاه خشت‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Khesht) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Khesht	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkingside is a district of Ilford in the London Borough of Redbridge, north east London.	Barkingside	London Borough of Redbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miankuh District (Persian: بخش میانکوه‎, meaning ``Valley District'') is a district (bakhsh) in Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Miankuh District	Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaq-e Firuzjai (Persian: چاق فيروزجائي‎, also Romanized as Chāq-e Fīrūzjā’ī) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chaq-e Firuzjai	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jordan Lake Educational State Forest (JLESF) is a 900-acre (3.6 km2) North Carolina State Forest near Apex, North Carolina.	Jordan Lake Educational State Forest	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koluk Ahmadabad (Persian: كلوك احمداباد‎, also Romanized as Kolūk Aḩmadābād) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Koluk Ahmadabad	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGLS-FM, known as Rowan Radio, is a college radio station licensed to Rowan University that broadcasts on 89.7 MHz. The studios are located in the College of Communication on the campus of Rowan University in Glassboro, New Jersey.	WGLS-FM	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferezneh (Persian: فرزنه‎, also Romanized as Farazneh, Farezneh, and Farzaneh; also known as Borj-e Farīzneh, Farīzna, and Farīzneh) is a village in Karat Rural District, in the Central District of Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ferezneh	Karat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arene Candide cave is an important archaeological site in Finale Ligure, Liguria, Italy.	Arene Candide	Finale Ligure
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capital Area Multimodal Gateway, also known as the East Lansing station, is an intermodal transit station in East Lansing, Michigan.	Capital Area Multimodal Gateway	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American College of Financial Services (also known as The American College) is a nonprofit private educational institution located in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania.	The American College of Financial Services	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nueva Pompeya (Spanish for New Pompei) is a neighbourhood in the city of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Nueva Pompeya	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfivashi (Persian: اسفيواشي‎, also Romanized as Esfivāshī; also known as Esfūvāshī) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Esfivashi	Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łownica (wɔvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Łownica	Gmina Lipnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Morrehi (Persian: كلاته مره اي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Morrehī) is a village in Tajan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Morrehi	Tajan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hammonton Municipal Airport (FAA LID: N81) is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (5.556 km) northeast of the central business district of the town of Hammonton in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Hammonton Municipal Airport	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Locke Avenue Bridge is located on Locke Avenue (County Route 671), a two-lane rural route located at the northwest corner of Swedesboro in Gloucester County, New Jersey.	Locke Avenue Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McDonald Mansion, also known as Mableton, is an historic residence in Santa Rosa, California.	McDonald Mansion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jack Kerouac Alley (formerly Adler Alley or Adler Place) is a one-way alleyway in Chinatown, San Francisco, California, that connects Grant Avenue and Columbus Avenue.	Jack Kerouac Alley	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klejnowo (klɛi̯ˈnɔvɔ) (German: Klenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Klejnowo	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalah Gun (Persian: كله گون‎, also Romanized as Kalāh Gūn; also known as Kalā Gūn and Kaleh Gān) the village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kalah Gun	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turbessel (Syriac: Tel Bshir, Arabic: Tell Bāshir‎, Turkish: Tilbeşar or Tilbaraş Kalesi) is a fortress and bronze-age tumulus in south-eastern Turkey, near the village of Gündoğan in the district of Oğuzeli, within Gaziantep Province.	Turbessel	Oğuzeli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurzang (Persian: گورزانگ‎, also Romanized as Gūrzāng and Gūrzang) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gurzang	Band-e Zarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maize High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Maize, Kansas, USA, serving students in grades 9-12.	Maize High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairfield Area High School is a small, rural, public high school located in the borough of Fairfield, Pennsylvania.	Fairfield Area High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Paul's Walden is a village about 5 miles (8 km) south of Hitchin in Hertfordshire, England.	St Paul's Walden	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Jasienicka (ˈvɔla jaɕeˈɲit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasienica Rosielna, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Jasienicka	Gmina Jasienica Rosielna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Jeziorzany (kɔˈlɔɲa jɛʑɔˈʐanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Jeziorzany	Gmina Tarczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disch Field was a baseball field located in Austin, TX that opened in 1947 and hosted many minor league teams and playoff series.	Disch Field	Austin
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSFB (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a talk format, simulcasting WDDQ 92.1 FM Adel, Georgia.	WSFB	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	JetBlue Park at Fenway South (or informally JetBlue Park) is a baseball park in Fort Myers, Florida, part of the Fenway South training and development facility.	JetBlue Park at Fenway South	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilbur Cross Parkway is a limited access road in Connecticut, comprising the portion of Route 15 between Milford and Meriden.	Wilbur Cross Parkway	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punta Gorda Lighthouse is a lighthouse in United States, 12 miles (19 km) south of Cape Mendocino, California, within Humboldt County.	Punta Gorda Light	Humboldt County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huldah Gates (Hebrew: שערי חולדה‎, Shaarei Chulda) are the two sets of now-blocked gates in the Southern Wall of the Temple Mount, situated in Jerusalem's Old City.	Huldah Gates	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lord Byng Secondary School is a public secondary school located in the West Point Grey neighbourhood on the west side of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Lord Byng Secondary School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dull Knife Battlefield is located on the eastern slope of the Bighorn Mountains in Johnson County, Wyoming near Kaycee.	Dull Knife Battlefield	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uplift Education is a public, non-profit, charter school, which was originally founded as the North Hills Preparatory School in Irving, Texas, in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.	Uplift Education	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naotkamegwanning First Nation, formerly known as Whitefish Bay First Nation and known in the Ojibwe language as Ne-adikamegwaning (Of the Whitefish Point), is an Ojibwa or Ontario Saulteaux First Nation located in Kenora District, Ontario near Sioux Narrows of Lake of the Woods.	Naotkamegwanning First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCrae House, located in Guelph, Ontario, is the birthplace of John McCrae (b. 1872 -- d. 1918), doctor, soldier and author of the famous First World War poem ``In Flanders Fields''.	McCrae House	Guelph
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solidarity Park is located opposite the Parliament House in Perth, Western Australia.	Solidarity Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patterson School was a private, non-profit, co-educational, non-denominational, multi-cultural boarding and day school for grades seven through twelve, and one year of post-secondary study, located in Lenoir, North Carolina.	The Patterson School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okanda is a small hamlet in the eastern coast of Sri Lanka within the Ampara District.	Okanda	Ampara District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunari (गॉव सुनारी) is a village in Ladnun tehsil (I sector), Nagaur district, Rajasthan, north west India.	Sunari	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Chatham or CFB Chatham was a Canadian Forces Base located immediately south of the town of Chatham, New Brunswick, Canada.	CFB Chatham	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavolero, (also referred to as Tavolier, Tivolieri, or in ancient Roman times as Tebularium) is a ``frazione'' (i.e., suburb) of the Communal town of Rocca Santa Maria in the Province of Teramo.	Tavolero	Rocca Santa Maria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oserdów (ɔˈsɛrduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Oserdów	Gmina Ulhówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's Road runs for just under 2 miles (3.2 km) through Chelsea, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, from Sloane Square in the east (on the border with Belgravia and Knightsbridge) and through the Moore Park estate on the border of Chelsea and Fulham opposite Stamford Bridge.	King's Road	Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehdiabad-e Vahed (Persian: مهدي ابادواحد‎, also Romanized as Mehdīābād-e Vāḩed; also known as Mehdīābād and Mihdīābād) is a village in Qasemabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mehdiabad-e Vahed	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wapack National Wildlife Refuge was New Hampshire's first refuge and was established through a donation in 1972.	Wapack National Wildlife Refuge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. George E. Hill House is an historic house located at 870 Indianola Drive in Indianola on Merritt Island, Florida.	Dr. George E. Hill House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raging River is a modest tributary to the much larger Snoqualmie River in western Washington State in the United States.	Raging River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuth (Dutch pronunciation: (nʏt); Limburgish: Nut) is a municipality and a village in the province of Limburg, situated in the southern Netherlands.	Nuth	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowkababad (Persian: كوكب اباد‎, also Romanized as Kowkabābād) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Kowkababad	Nasrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinda Municipality (Kinda kommun) is a municipality in Östergötland County, southeast Sweden.	Kinda Municipality	Östergötland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongbao District (simplified Chinese: 东宝区; traditional Chinese: 東寶區; pinyin: Dōngbǎo Qū) is a district of the city of Jingmen, Hubei, People's Republic of China.	Dongbao District	Jingmen
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. James House of Prayer Episcopal Church, also known as the Episcopal House of Prayer, is an active Episcopal parish and historic church building in Tampa, Florida, USA.	St. James House of Prayer Episcopal Church	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muratyn-Kolonia (muˈratɨn kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Muratyn-Kolonia	Gmina Łaszczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bassetts Island is a propeller-shaped island within Pocasset Harbor and Red Brook Harbor, in Bourne, Massachusetts, USA.	Bassetts Island	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	King Salmon Airport (IATA: AKN, ICAO: PAKN, FAA LID: AKN) is a state owned, public use airport located just southeast of King Salmon, in the Bristol Bay Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	King Salmon Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keykaleh (Persian: كيكله‎; also known as Kepkaleh') is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Keykaleh	Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamshirabad (Persian: شمشيراباد‎, also Romanized as Shamshīrābād) is a village in Ravar Rural District, in the Central District of Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shamshirabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Verizon Theatre at Grand Prairie is a concert hall located in Grand Prairie, Texas, 16 miles west of Dallas, 24 miles east of Fort Worth.	Verizon Theatre at Grand Prairie	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Advanced Test Reactor (ATR) is a research reactor at the Idaho National Laboratory, located east of Arco, Idaho.	Advanced Test Reactor	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Yusof-e Sofla (Persian: ميريوسف سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Mīr Yūsof-e Soflá; also known as Mīr Yūsof) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mir Yusof-e Sofla	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyden Observatory is an astronomical research observatory and science education centre located in Maselspoort, 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of the city of Bloemfontein in Free State, South Africa.	Boyden Observatory	Free State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green B. Trimble Technical High School (commonly known as Trimble Tech) is a Fort Worth Independent School District vocational high school located on the south side of Fort Worth, Texas, United States, in the medical district.	Green B. Trimble Technical High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navajo National Monument is a National Monument located within the northwest portion of the Navajo Nation territory in northern Arizona, which was established to preserve three-well preserved cliff dwellings of the Ancestral Puebloan People:	Navajo National Monument	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anslow is a village and civil parish in the East Staffordshire district of Staffordshire, England, about three miles north-west of Burton upon Trent.	Anslow	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelican Pete is a concrete statue over 15.5 feet (4.7 m) tall located in Pelican Rapids, Minnesota, United States.	Pelican Pete	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Parley is a village and civil parish in south-east Dorset, England, situated on the River Stour between Bournemouth and Ferndown.	West Parley	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Seabee Memorial is a sculpture and Seabee memorial by Felix de Weldon, installed along George Washington Memorial Parkway in Arlington, Virginia.	National Seabee Memorial	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere delle Armi (Italian for Lungotevere of the Weapons) is the stretch of Lungotevere that links Piazza Monte Grappa to Piazza delle Cinque Giornate in Rome (Italy), in Della Vittoria District.	Lungotevere delle Armi	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dorothea Dix Hospital was a psychiatric hospital located on Dix Hill in Raleigh, North Carolina and named after mental health advocate Dorothea Dix.	Dorothea Dix Hospital	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boistfort Peak, also called Baw Faw Peak is a peak in the Willapa Hills in Washington state.	Boistfort Peak	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golpa (Persian: گلپا‎, also Romanized as Golpā) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District, Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Golpa	Sarchehan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harrisburg Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Harrisburg Subdivision	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frata (Hungarian: Magyarfráta) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania.	Frata	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape Fear Memorial Bridge is a steel vertical-lift bridge in North Carolina.	Cape Fear Memorial Bridge	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria del Molise is a town and comune in the Province of Isernia, in the Molise region (southern Italy).	Santa Maria del Molise	Province of Isernia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnowski Młyn (barˈnɔfski ˈmwɨn) (German: Barnower Mühle) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Barnowski Młyn	Gmina Kołczygłowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumnock and Doon Valley (Cumnag agus Srath Dhùin in Scottish Gaelic) was one of nineteen local government districts in the Strathclyde region of Scotland from 1973 to 1996.	Cumnock and Doon Valley	Strathclyde
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pickaquoy Centre is a multi-use leisure centre in Kirkwall, Orkney, Scotland.	The Pickaquoy Centre	Kirkwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starogard County (Polish: powiat starogardzki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Starogard County	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanahat (Armenian: Թանահատ, also Romanized as T’anahat; formerly, Dzhomardlu and Jomardlu) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Tanahat	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zenari (Persian: زناري‎, also Romanized as Zenārī; also known as Zīnār) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zenari	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žatec (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʒatɛts); German: Saaz) is a historic town in Louny District, Ústí nad Labem Region, in the Czech Republic.	Žatec	Louny District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westlawn-Hillcrest Funeral Home and Memorial Park is a funeral home, cemetery and crematory located at 5701 Center Street in Omaha, Nebraska.	Westlawn-Hillcrest Funeral Home and Memorial Park	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chevron Science Center is a landmark academic building at 219 Parkman Avenue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh.	Chevron Science Center	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Raid de la Réunion, also called La diagonale des fous (The Madmen's Diagonal) is a mountain ultramarathon race.	Grand Raid	Réunion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzędziwojowice (ʐɛnd͡ʑivɔjɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rzędziwojowice	Opole County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandy Island Beach State Park is a New York State park on the eastern shore of Lake Ontario.	Sandy Island Beach State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gunn and Hubbard Blocks are historic blocks at 463-477 State Street in the Old Hill section of Springfield, Massachusetts.	Gunn and Hubbard Blocks	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilvesheim is a town of about 8700 residents (2012) in the district of Rhein-Neckar in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Ilvesheim	Rhein-Neckar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William C. Boydell House is a double house located at 4614 Cass Avenue in Midtown Detroit, Michigan.	William C. Boydell House	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saundatti also known as Sugandavarti and (Savadatti in Kannada) is one of the oldest towns in Belgaum district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Saundatti	Belgaum district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aegidientorplatz, colloquially known as Aegi is a busy square in Hanover located above the U-bahn station of the same name.	Aegidientorplatz	Hanover
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cornwall Civic Complex is a business/sports facility located in Cornwall, Ontario.	Cornwall Civic Complex	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muławki-Dwór (muˈwafki ˈdvur) (German Muhlackshof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Muławki-Dwór	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Targonie Wielkie (tarˈɡɔɲɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Targonie Wielkie	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNES (99.1 FM, Texas 99) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music music format.	KNES	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadshahr (Persian: محمدشهر‎; also known as Mohammadabad (Persian: محمّد آباد), also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a city in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Mohammadshahr	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Morteza (Persian: ده مرتضي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Morteẕá and Deh Morteẕá; also known as Deh Murteza) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Morteza	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Riba is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Camp, Tarragona, Catalonia, in north-eastern Spain.	La Riba	Alt Camp
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J.H.C. Petersen's Sons Wholesale Building was an historic building located in downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	J.H.C. Petersen's Sons Wholesale Building	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keesler Air Force Base (IATA: BIX, ICAO: KBIX, FAA LID: BIX) is a United States Air Force base located in Biloxi, a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States.	Keesler Air Force Base	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garm Khaneh (Persian: گرمخانه‎, also Romanized as Garm Khāneh and Garmkhāneh; also known as Karmakhan and Qarmakhan) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Garm Khaneh	Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estakhrgah (Persian: استخرگاه‎, also Romanized as Estakhrgāh) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Estakhrgah	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hassanabad Koorin (Persian: حسن‌آباد کورین ‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hassanabad Koorin	Corrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamin Sang (Persian: زمين سنگ‎, also Romanized as Zamīn Sang) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Zamin Sang	Shamil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooklyn Tobacco Factory, also known as the Hightower & Barksdale Tobacco Factory, is a historic tobacco factory located at Brooklyn, Halifax County, Virginia.	Brooklyn Tobacco Factory	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	UTA Radio is an alternative/indie rock college radio station based at The University of Texas at Arlington in Arlington, Texas.	UTA Radio	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesgar (Persian: مسگر‎, also Romanized as Bāsh Qeshlāq and Misjad) is a village in Shivanat Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Mesgar	Shivanat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ubbeston is a village and civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal district, in the county of Suffolk, England.	Ubbeston	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heimbuchenthal is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany, and the seat of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Mespelbrunn.	Heimbuchenthal	Aschaffenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sasan Sara (Persian: ساسانسرا‎, also Romanized as Sāsān Sarā) is a village in Gil Dulab Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sasan Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carleton Place Airport, (TC LID: CNR6), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) southeast of Carleton Place, Ontario, Canada, west of Ottawa.	Carleton Place Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukowinka (bukɔˈvinka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bukowinka	Gmina Twardogóra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malmo Mounds and Village Site is a mound group in Aitkin County, Minnesota, located on the northeast shore of Mille Lacs Lake.	Malmo Mounds and Village Site	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	TPC Las Vegas, formerly TPC at The Canyons, is an 18-hole golf course located in the affluent planned community of Summerlin in western Las Vegas, Nevada.	TPC Las Vegas	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Como Roundhouse, Railroad Depot and Hotel Complex is a collection of historic buildings in Como, Colorado.	Como Roundhouse, Railroad Depot and Hotel Complex	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafrud (Persian: كفرود‎, also Romanized as Kafrūd, Kafarved, and Kafrood) is a village in Rudasht-e Sharqi Rural District, Bon Rud District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kafrud	Bon Rud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karat Koti (Persian: كرات كتي‎, also Romanized as Karāt Kotī; also known as Karatkatī) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Karat Koti	Natel-e Restaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardaneaskan (Scottish Gaelic: Àird nan Easgann) is a village on the north shore of Loch Carron in Strathcarron, Ross-shire, in Highland, and is within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Ardaneaskan	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallace Creek is a stream in Bandera County, Texas and Kerr County, Texas, in the United States.	Wallace Creek	Bandera County	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fishing Tug Katherine V, designated US 228069, is a tugboat displayed at the Besser Museum of Northeast Michigan, at 491 Johnson Street in Alpena, Michigan.	Fishing Tug Katherine V	Alpena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narpatganj is a town in Araria district of Bihar state, India.	Narpatganj	Araria district	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fosciandora is a comune (municipality) of 670 inhabitants in the Province of Lucca in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northwest of Florence and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Lucca.	Fosciandora	Province of Lucca
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Grandis is a seven-seat MPV built by Mitsubishi Motors to replace its Chariot/Space Wagon/Nimbus line.	Mitsubishi Grandis	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The Baldwin DT-6-6-2000 (Also referred to as the Baldwin DT6-6-2000) was a twin-engined diesel-electric transfer locomotive, built by Baldwin Locomotive Works between 1946 and 1950.	Baldwin DT-6-6-2000	Baldwin Locomotive Works
manufacturer	TSS Dover was built on the River Tyne in England by Swan Hunter in Wallsend, Tyne and Wear.	TSS Dover	Swan Hunter
manufacturer	BigDog is a dynamically stable quadruped robot created in 2005 by Boston Dynamics with Foster-Miller, the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and the Harvard University Concord Field Station.	BigDog	Boston Dynamics	Foster-Miller	Jet Propulsion Laboratory
manufacturer	HSwMS Härnösand (K33) is the third of the new Visby-class corvettes ordered by the Swedish Government and built by Kockums.	HSwMS Härnösand (K33)	Kockums
manufacturer	The Personal Urban Mobility and Accessibility (PUMA) is an experimental electrically powered road vehicle created by Segway and adopted by General Motors as a concept vehicle representing the future of urban transportation.	Personal Urban Mobility and Accessibility	General Motors
manufacturer	Volvo B7RLE is a low-entry single-deck city bus chassis manufactured by Volvo Buses since 2001.	Volvo B7RLE	Volvo Buses
manufacturer	German submarine U-180 was a Type IXD1 transport U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine which served in World War II. Her keel was laid down on 25 February 1941 at the DeSchiMAG AG Weser yard in Bremen as yard number 1020.	German submarine U-180	AG Weser
manufacturer	The NEC PC-6600 Series were a lineup of personal computers produced by the NEC Corporation in 1985.	PC-6600 Series	NEC
manufacturer	It was also sold as the Citroen C25, Peugeot J5, Alfa Romeo AR6 and Talbot Express for the first generation while the second and third generations were marketed as Fiat Ducato, Citroën Jumper, Peugeot Boxer and as the Ram ProMaster for the third generation US and Canada market starting in 2013.	Fiat Ducato	Peugeot	Citroën
manufacturer	The BYD e6 is an all-electric compact crossover/compact MPV manufactured by BYD Auto with a range of 300 km (186 mi) according to the carmaker.	BYD e6	BYD Auto
manufacturer	The Airbus Helicopters AS365 Dauphin (Dolphin), formerly known as the Aérospatiale SA 365 Dauphin 2 and the Eurocopter AS365 Dauphin, is a medium-weight multipurpose twin-engine helicopter currently produced by Airbus Helicopters.	Eurocopter AS365 Dauphin	Airbus Helicopters
manufacturer	The Boeing AGM-69 SRAM (Short-range attack missile) was a nuclear air-to-surface missile designed to replace the older AGM-28 Hound Dog standoff missile.	AGM-69 SRAM	Boeing
manufacturer	The Chevrolet Express and its mechanically identical twin GMC Savana are Full-size vans from General Motors.	Chevrolet Express	General Motors
manufacturer	The MAN KAT1 was a family of high-mobility off-road trucks developed by MAN SE for the German army.	MAN KAT1	MAN SE
manufacturer	The Pontiac Club de Mer was a purpose-built, experimental car that was built by Pontiac for the General Motors Motorama in 1956 to celebrate General Motors' commitment to futuristic design.	Pontiac Club de Mer	General Motors
manufacturer	Tullamore Dew is a brand of blended Irish whiskey produced by William Grant & Sons.	Tullamore Dew	William Grant & Sons
manufacturer	The Nuffield Universal was a tractor produced from 1948 by the Agricultural Division of British Morris Motors later a subsidiary of The British Motor Corporation Limited.	Nuffield Universal	British Motor Corporation
manufacturer	HMS M3, built by Armstrong Whitworth, Newcastle Upon Tyne was an M class submarine of the Royal Navy.	HMS M3	Armstrong Whitworth
manufacturer	The VT100 is a video terminal, introduced in August 1978 by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC).	VT100	Digital Equipment Corporation
manufacturer	The Continental O-470 engine is a family of carbureted six-cylinder, horizontally opposed, air-cooled aircraft engines that was developed especially for use in light aircraft by Continental Motors.	Continental O-470	Continental Motors
manufacturer	The ALP-45DP is a type of single cab dual-mode locomotive being built by Bombardier Transportation for use by New Jersey Transit and Agence métropolitaine de transport.	ALP-45DP	Bombardier Transportation
manufacturer	The Lima 750 and 800 hp switchers were diesel-electric switching locomotives built between November 1949 and June 1951, by Lima Locomotive Works of Lima, Ohio, U.S.A..	Lima 750 and 800 hp switchers	Lima Locomotive Works
manufacturer	Tripel Karmeliet (Dutch for ``Triple Carmelite'') is a golden Belgian beer with high alcohol by volume (8.4%), brewed by Brouwerij Bosteels in Buggenhout, Belgium.	Tripel Karmeliet	Brouwerij Bosteels
manufacturer	AJ-60A is a solid rocket booster produced by Aerojet Rocketdyne.	AJ-60A	Aerojet Rocketdyne
manufacturer	The North American AJ Savage (later A-2 Savage) was a carrier-based medium bomber built for the United States Navy by North American Aviation.	North American AJ Savage	North American Aviation
manufacturer	The Volvo 9700 is a range of coaches introduced by Volvo in 2001 as a replacement for the Carrus Star and Vector/Regal models.	Volvo 9700	Carrus
manufacturer	MS Rosella is a cruiseferry, built in 1980 by Wärtsilä Turku shipyard, Finland for SF Line, one of the owners of the Viking Line consortium.	MS Rosella	Wärtsilä
member of political party	Michel Gauthier (French pronunciation: ​(miʃɛl ɡotje); born February 18, 1950 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian politician, who served as leader of the Bloc Québécois from 1996 to 1997.	Michel Gauthier	Bloc Québécois
member of political party	Gerdt Henrik Meyer Bruun (3 February 1873 -- 17 April 1945) was a Norwegian industrialist and a politician for the Conservative Party.	Gerdt Henrik Meyer Bruun	Conservative Party
member of political party	Duncan Hallas (23 December 1925 -- 19 September 2002), was a prominent member of the Trotskyist movement and a leading member of the Socialist Workers Party in Great Britain.	Duncan Hallas	Socialist Workers Party
member of political party	Gabriëlle Popken (born 21 August 1983) is a Dutch politician, she has been a member of the Senate for the Party for Freedom since 7 June 2011.	Gabriëlle Popken	Party for Freedom
member of political party	Hamit Karakus (born February 22, 1965) is a Dutch politician of Turkish descent of the Labour Party (PvdA).	Hamit Karakus	Labour Party
member of political party	Acton Smee Ayrton (5 August 1816 -- 30 November 1886) was a British barrister and Liberal Party politician.	Acton Smee Ayrton	Liberal Party
member of political party	Jeffrey Ennis (born 13 November 1952) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Barnsley East and Mexborough from 1997 to 2010, having been first elected at the Barnsley East by-election in 1996.	Jeffrey Ennis	Labour Party
member of political party	In the Greek legislative election, 1974, Michail Stasinopoulos became a Member of Parliament in the nationwide ticket of the New Democracy party.	Michail Stasinopoulos	New Democracy
member of political party	Luis Martínez Noval (3 July 1948 -- 29 March 2013) was a Spanish economist and politician who was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and served from 1990--1993 as Spain's Minister of Labor.	Luis Martínez Noval	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Colm Gallagher (died 26 June 1957) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was elected twice as Teachta Dála (TD) for Dublin North--	Colm Gallagher	Fianna Fáil
mother	Born in Vineuil-Saint-Firmin, Oise, the son of painters Robert Delaunay and Sonia Delaunay, Charles Delaunay was one of the founders of the Hot Club de France.	Charles Delaunay	Sonia Delaunay
mother	Rixa of Werle (died 26 November 1317) was the only daughter of Lord Henry I of Werle and his wife Rikissa Birgersdotter.	Rixa of Werle	Rikissa Birgersdotter
mother	Countess Anna of Nassau (5 November 1563 -- 13 June 1588) was a daughter of William the Silent and his second wife, Anna of Saxony.	Countess Anna of Nassau	Anna of Saxony
mother	Marco Maddaloni, 177 cm tall, under-73 kg Italian judoka, was born in Napoli on 7 December 1984 as the third and youngest child of Giovanni Maddaloni and Caterina Iuliano.	Marco Maddaloni	Caterina Iuliano
mother	Béni Ferenczy was born in 1890 in Szentendre, Hungary, the second son of Károly Ferenczy and Olga Fialka, both painters.	Béni Ferenczy	Olga Fialka
mother	Alain Renoir (October 31, 1921 -- December 12, 2008) was a literature professor and a French-American writer, son of filmmaker Jean Renoir and actress Catherine Hessling, and grandson of impressionist painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir.	Alain Renoir	Catherine Hessling
mother	In Greek mythology and, later, Roman mythology, the Oceanids (/oʊˈsiːənɪdz, ˈoʊʃᵊnɪdz/; Ancient Greek: Ὠκεανίδες, pl. of Ὠκεανίς) are sea nymphs who were the three thousand daughters of the Titans Oceanus and Tethys.	Oceanid	Tethys
mother	Jane Seymour was likely born at Wulfhall, Savernake Forest, Wiltshire, the daughter of Sir John Seymour and Margery Wentworth.	Jane Seymour	Margery Wentworth
mother	Prince Robin of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Robin Alexander Wolfgang Udo Eugen Wilhelm Gottfried; born 29 January 1938 in Gießen, Germany) is the son of Gustav Albrecht, 5th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and his wife, Franco-Swedish noblewoman Margareta Fouché d'Otrante.	Prince Robin of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg	Margareta Fouché
mother	Katarzyna Adamik was born on 28 December 1972 in Warsaw to Polish film director Agnieszka Holland and Laco Adamík, a Polish opera director of Slovak origin.	Katarzyna Adamik	Agnieszka Holland
mother	Prince George Alexandrovich Yuryevsky (Russian: Гео́ргий Алекса́ндрович Ю́рьевский; 12 May 1872 (30 April 1872 O. S.) -- 13 September 1913) was the natural son of Alexander II of Russia by his mistress (and later wife) Catherine Dolgorukov.	Prince George Alexandrovich Yuryevsky	Catherine Dolgorukov
mother	Margherita Farnese (7 November 1567 -- 13 April 1643) was a daughter of Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma and Infanta Maria of Guimarães.	Margherita Farnese	Infanta Maria of Guimarães
mother	Louis, Prince of Hesse and by Rhine (Ludwig Hermann Alexander Chlodwig, 20 November 1908 -- 30 May 1968) was the youngest son of Ernest Louis, Grand Duke of Hesse by his second wife, Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich.	Louis, Prince of Hesse and by Rhine	Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich
mother	In Roman mythology, Voluptas or Volupta, according to Apuleius, is the daughter born from the union of Cupid and Psyche.	Voluptas	Psyche
mother	Prince Edward, Duke of York and Albany KG PC FRS (Edward Augustus; 25 March 1739 -- 17 September 1767), was the younger brother of George III of the United Kingdom, the second son of Frederick, Prince of Wales, and Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha.	Prince Edward, Duke of York and Albany	Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha
mother	Susan Oliver was born Charlotte Gercke, the daughter of George Gercke, journalist, and Ruth Hale Oliver, an astrology practitioner, in New York City in 1932.	Susan Oliver	Ruth Hale Oliver
mother	Gabriela von Habsburg was born in Luxembourg, the fourth child of Otto von Habsburg, the erstwhile crown prince of Austria, and his wife, Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen.	Gabriela von Habsburg	Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen
mother	Gioffre Borgia (born 1481 or 1482; died 1516 or 1517), also known as Goffredo (Italian), or Jofré Borja (Valencian) , was the youngest son of Pope Alexander VI and Vannozza dei Cattanei, and a member of the House of Borgia.	Gioffre Borgia	Vannozza dei Cattanei
mother	Jelena Karađorđević or Princess Helen of Serbia (4 November 1884 -- 16 October 1962) was the daughter of King Peter I of Yugoslavia and his wife Princess Zorka of Montenegro.	Princess Helen of Serbia	Princess Zorka of Montenegro
mother	Prince Azim-ush-Shan (December 15, 1664 -- March 18, 1712) was the second son of Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah I, by his second wife, Maharajkumari Amrita Bai Sahiba.	Azim-ush-Shan	Maharajkumari Amrita Bai Sahiba
mother	In Greek mythology, Hermaphroditus or Hermaphroditos i/hərˌmæf.rəˈdaɪ.təs/ (Ancient Greek: Ἑρμαφρόδιτος) was the son of Aphrodite and Hermes.	Hermaphroditus	Aphrodite
mother	Amice de Clare (ca. 1220 -- 1284) was the daughter of Gilbert de Clare, 5th Earl of Hertford and Isabel Marshal.	Amice de Clare	Isabel Marshal
mother	Daughter of the iconic vedette Moria Casán and producer Mario Castiglione, Sofía Gala grew up in the dressing rooms of revues, during the filming of Alberto Olmedo and Jorge Porcel's films, and in the backstage gossip television shows.	Sofía Gala	Moria Casán
mother	Agnese Visconti also known as Agnes (1363 in Milan -- 1391 in Mantua) was a daughter of Bernabò Visconti and his wife Beatrice Regina della Scala.	Agnese Visconti	Beatrice Regina della Scala
mother	Anne Cecil, Countess of Oxford (5 December 1556 -- 5 June 1588) was the daughter of the statesman William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley, chief adviser to Queen Elizabeth I of England, and the translator Mildred Cooke.	Anne Cecil, Countess of Oxford	Mildred Cooke
mother	Henry Brandon, 1st Earl of Lincoln (ca. 1523 -- 1 March 1534 Southwark) was the youngest child and second son born to Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk and Mary Tudor, Queen of France, who was a daughter of Henry VII of England.	Henry Brandon, 1st Earl of Lincoln	Mary Tudor, Queen of France
mother	Princess Zenebework, also Zeneba Worq, (25 July 1917 -- 24 March 1933) was the second daughter of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia, and his wife the Empress Menen Asfaw.	Princess Zenebework	Menen Asfaw
mother	Beatrice of England (24 June 1242 -- 24 March 1275), also known as Beatrice de Dreux, was a Princess of England as the daughter of King Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.	Beatrice of England	Eleanor of Provence
mother	Lexie Grey is the daughter of Thatcher Grey (Jeff Perry) and his second wife, Susan Grey (Mare Winningham).	Lexie Grey	Susan Grey
mother	Princess Maria Ferdinanda of Saxony (27 April 1796 -- 3 January 1865) was a daughter of Maximilian, Crown Prince of Saxony and his first wife Princess Carolina of Parma.	Princess Maria Ferdinanda of Saxony	Princess Carolina of Parma
mother	Princess Ileana of Romania (also Mother Alexandra) (5 January 1909 -- 21 January 1991) was the youngest daughter of King Ferdinand I of Romania, and his consort Queen Marie of Romania.	Princess Ileana of Romania	Marie of Romania
mother	Andrei of Polotsk (Belarusian: Андрэй Альгердавіч, Lithuanian: Andrius Algirdaitis Polish: Andrzej Olgierdowic, ca. 1325 -- 12 August 1399, in the Battle of the Vorskla River) was the eldest son of Algirdas, Grand Duke of Lithuania, and his first wife Maria of Vitebsk.	Andrei of Polotsk	Maria of Vitebsk
mother	Edoardo Agnelli (9 June 1954 -- 15 November 2000) was the eldest son of Marella Agnelli (born Donna Marella Caracciolo di Castagneto) and Gianni Agnelli, the industrialist patriarch of Fiat.	Edoardo Agnelli	Marella Agnelli
mother	In Greek mythology Minos (/ˈmaɪnɒs/ or /ˈmaɪnəs/; Greek: Μίνως, Minōs) was the first King of Crete, son of Zeus and Europa.	Minos	Europa
mother	Jessie Harlan Lincoln was born on November 6, 1875, in Chicago, Illinois to Mary Eunice Harlan and Robert Todd Lincoln.	Jessie Harlan Lincoln	Mary Eunice Harlan
mother	In Greek mythology, Gorgophone (Ancient Greek: Γοργοφόνη) was a daughter of Perseus and Andromeda.	Gorgophone	Andromeda
mouth of the watercourse	The river flows north into the province of Bologna and flows near Monghidoro, Loiano, Pianoro and San Lazzaro di Savena before curving east and flowing into the Idice east of Bologna.	Savena	Idice
mouth of the watercourse	Tank Stream, a fresh water tributary of Sydney Cove, located in New South Wales, Australia, was the fresh water supply for the fledgling colony of New South Wales in the late 18th century.	Tank Stream	Sydney Cove
mouth of the watercourse	The Seltzbach is a river, which is a good 33 kilometres long, and a left tributary of the Sauer in Alsace.	Seltzbach	Sauer
mouth of the watercourse	The Volme is a river in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, a left tributary of the Ruhr.	Volme	Ruhr
mouth of the watercourse	Formed by the confluence of the Yeerung River West Branch and the Yeerung River East Branch, the Yeerung River rises in the Cape Conran Coastal Park, and flows generally south before reaching its mouth with Bass Strait, east of Cape Conran in the Shire of East Gippsland.	Yeerung River	Bass Strait
mouth of the watercourse	Cardinia Creek is a fresh water creek which flows from Cardinia Reservoir into Western Port Bay south east of Melbourne.	Cardinia Creek	Western Port
mouth of the watercourse	Reb River (also transliterated as Rib; Amharic ``bottom, buttocks'') is a river of north-central Ethiopia which empties into Lake Tana at 12°2′N 37°35′E. The river originates on the slopes of Mount Guna, and flows west through Kemekem woreda.	Reb River	Lake Tana
mouth of the watercourse	The Aruwimi River is a tributary of the Congo River, located to the north and east of the Congo.	Aruwimi River	Congo River
mouth of the watercourse	Glogovnica is a river in central Croatia, a right tributary of Česma.	Glogovnica	Česma
mouth of the watercourse	The Sunwapta River is a major tributary of the Athabasca River in Jasper National Park in Alberta, Canada.	Sunwapta River	Athabasca River
named after	The Cavendish experiment, performed in 1797--1798 by British scientist Henry Cavendish, was the first experiment to measure the force of gravity between masses in the laboratory and the first to yield accurate values for the gravitational constant.	Cavendish experiment	Henry Cavendish
named after	The original type locality for the Barremian stage is in the vicinity of the village of Barrême, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, France.	Barremian	Barrême
named after	Saitama University (埼玉大学 Saitama Daigaku abbreviated 埼大 Saidai) is a Japanese national university located in a suburban area of Sakura-ku, Saitama City capital of Saitama Prefecture in Tokyo Metropolitan Area.	Saitama University	Saitama City
named after	Internationale Bachakademie Stuttgart is a foundation in Stuttgart, founded by Helmuth Rilling in 1981 to foster international concerts and workshops, namely Musikfest Stuttgart, dedicated especially to the music of Johann Sebastian Bach in relation to present day composition.	Internationale Bachakademie Stuttgart	Johann Sebastian Bach
named after	Gibbs Point, a rock point on the Antarctic Peninsula, the most northern area of the continent of Antarctica, was named for African American Antarctic explorer, George W. Gibbs, Jr. on September 2, 2009.	Gibbs Point	George W. Gibbs, Jr.
named after	Averrhoa is a genus of trees in the Oxalidaceae family, of the Oxalidales order, named after Averroes - a 12th-century astronomer and philosopher from Al-Andalus.	Averrhoa	Averroes
named after	Ontario Lacus has a surface area of about 15,000 square kilometers (5,800 sq mi), about 20% smaller than its terrestrial namesake, Lake Ontario in North America.	Ontario Lacus	Lake Ontario
named after	The Flynn effect is named for James R. Flynn, who did much to document it and promote awareness of its implications.	Flynn effect	James R. Flynn
named after	194 Prokne is a main-belt asteroid that was discovered by German-American astronomer C. H. F. Peters on March 21, 1879 in Clinton, New York, and named after Procne, the sister of Philomela in Greek mythology.	194 Prokne	Procne
named after	The ring of Gaussian integers was introduced by Carl Friedrich Gauss in his second monograph on quartic reciprocity (1832) (see ).	Gaussian integer	Carl Friedrich Gauss
named after	Amfissa (Greek: Άμφισσα (ˈamfisa), also mentioned in classical sources as Amphissa) is a town in Phocis, Greece, part of the municipality of Delphi, of which it is the seat and a municipal unit.	Amfissa	Amphissa
named after	In algebraic geometry, Lang's theorem, introduced by Serge Lang, states: if G is a connected smooth algebraic group over a finite field \mathbf(F)--q, then, writing \sigma:	Lang's theorem	Serge Lang
named after	Bremen Cathedral (German: Bremer Dom or St. Petri Dom zu Bremen), dedicated to St. Peter, is a church situated in the market square in the center of Bremen, in northern Germany.	Bremen Cathedral	Peter
named after	The reflected binary code (RBC), also known as Gray code after Frank Gray, is a binary numeral system where two successive values differ in only one bit (binary digit).	Gray code	Frank Gray
named after	In mathematics, Chebyshev's sum inequality, named after Pafnuty Chebyshev, states that if a_1 \geq a_2 \geq \cdots \geq a_n and b_1 \geq b_2 \geq \cdots \geq b_n, then (1\over n) \sum--(k=1)^n a_k \cdot b_k \geq \left((1\over n)\sum--(k=1)^n a_k\right)\left((1\over n)\sum--(k=1)^n b_k\right).	Chebyshev's sum inequality	Pafnuty Chebyshev
named after	In an economy, the consumption of Veblen goods is a function of the Veblen effect (goods desired for being over-priced) that is named after the American economist Thorstein Veblen, who first identified conspicuous consumption as a mode of status-seeking in The Theory of the Leisure Class (1899).	Veblen good	Thorstein Veblen
named after	Rapidcreekite was first encountered in 1983 in a tributary of Rapid Creek unofficially known as Crosscut Creek at 68°33′45``N 136°47′30''W in northern Yukon.	Rapidcreekite	Rapid Creek
named after	Phoenix loureiroi is named after João de Loureiro; it was originally written by Kunth as ``loureirii'', but this is an error to be corrected to loureiroi under the provisions of the ICBN.	Phoenix loureiroi	João de Loureiro
named after	The International Day for Biological Diversity (or World Biodiversity Day) is a United Nations--sanctioned international day for the promotion of biodiversity issues.	International Day for Biological Diversity	biodiversity
named after	Confucianism developed during the Spring and Autumn Period from the teachings of the Chinese philosopher Confucius (551--479 BCE), who considered himself a retransmitter of Zhou values.	Confucianism	Confucius
named after	In mathematics, the Remez inequality, discovered by the Soviet mathematician Evgeny Yakovlevich Remez (Remez 1936), gives a bound on the sup norms of certain polynomials, the bound being attained by the Chebyshev polynomials.	Remez inequality	Evgeny Yakovlevich Remez
named after	Friesland (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈfrislɑnt); West Frisian: Fryslân (ˈfrislɔ̃ːn)) or Frisia is a province in the northwest of the Netherlands.	Friesland	Frisia
named after	The 9K115 Metis (``mongrel'') (NATO reporting name AT-7 Saxhorn) is a man-portable SACLOS wire-guided anti-tank missile system of the Soviet Union.	9K115 Metis	mongrel
named after	In the branch of mathematics known as real analysis, the Riemann integral, created by Bernhard Riemann, was the first rigorous definition of the integral of a function on an interval.	Riemann integral	Bernhard Riemann
named after	The Rutherford model is a model of the atom devised by Ernest Rutherford.	Rutherford model	Ernest Rutherford
named after	The Prony equation (named after Gaspard de Prony) is a historically important equation in hydraulics, used to calculate the head loss due to friction within a given run of pipe.	Prony equation	Gaspard de Prony
named after	Sergels torg (in English: Sergel's Square) is the most central public square in Stockholm, Sweden, named after 18th-century sculptor Johan Tobias Sergel, whose workshop was once located north of the square.	Sergels torg	Johan Tobias Sergel
named after	Manche (French pronunciation: ​(mɑ̃ʃ)) is a French department in Normandy (Normandie), named for the English Channel, which is known as La Manche, literally ``the sleeve'', in French, that borders its north and west shores and part of its east shore.	Manche	English Channel
named after	The Humboldt Current Large Marine Ecosystem (LME), named after the Prussian naturalist Alexander von Humboldt, is one of the major upwelling systems of the world, supporting an extraordinary abundance of marine life.	Humboldt Current	Alexander von Humboldt
named after	Hadopyrgus ngataana is a tiny, transparent, and critically endangered freshwater snail, found only in a single stream in a cave in New Zealand.	Hadopyrgus ngataana	snail	cave
narrative location	Breaking Bad is set and was filmed in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Breaking Bad	Albuquerque
narrative location	Close Escape is a 1989 Hong Kong crime action film directed by Chow Chun-wing and starring Max Mok, Michael Miu and Aaron Kwok, who acts in his debut film role.	Close Escape	Hong Kong
narrative location	She imagines her family to be living at the non-existent 15 Park Avenue in Kolkata.	15 Park Avenue	Kolkata
narrative location	Don't Fool Me (中環英雄) is a 1991 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Herman Yau starring Andy Lau, Tony Leung, Teresa Mo and Fennie Yuen.	Don't Fool Me	Hong Kong
narrative location	Wings of Desire (German: Der Himmel über Berlin, ``The Sky/Heaven Over Berlin'') is a 1987 Franco-German romantic fantasy film directed by Wim Wenders.	Wings of Desire	Berlin
narrative location	Tiger Cage 2 is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Yuen Woo-ping and starring Donnie Yen.	Tiger Cage 2	Hong Kong
narrative location	Storm Catcher is set and filmed primarily in Los Angeles, California with B-roll footage in Washington, D.C., taking place in 18 days from October 19 to November 6, 1998.	Storm Catcher	Los Angeles
narrative location	Selma, Lord, Selma is a 1999 American film based on true events that happened in March 1965, known as Bloody Sunday in Selma, Alabama.	Selma, Lord, Selma	Alabama
narrative location	The Day the Fish Came Out (Greece: Otan ta psaria vgikan sti steria) is a 1967 Greek-British comedy film directed and written by Michael Cacoyannis who also designed the film's costumes.	The Day the Fish Came Out	Greece
narrative location	A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg is a novel for children set in late 18th century Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania written by the American writer Amanda Minnie Douglas (1831--1916).	A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg	Pittsburgh
native language	Edgar Faure (French: (ɛdɡaʁ foʁ); 18 August 1908 -- 30 March 1988) was a French politician, essayist, historian, and memoirist.	Edgar Faure	French
native language	Marie François, known as Francis Charmes (21 April 1848, château de Baradel, Aurillac, Cantal -- 4 January 1916, Paris) was a French journalist, diplomat, civil servant, politician and academician.	Francis Charmes	French
native language	Marieluise Beck (born 25 June 1952 in Bramsche, Lower Saxony) is a German politician and member of the Alliance '90/The Greens group in the Bundestag.	Marieluise Beck	German
native language	Philippe Burty (6 February 1830 -- 3 June 1890) was a French art critic.	Philippe Burty	French
native language	Pyun Hye-young (Hangul: 편혜영, born 1972) is a South Korean writer.	Pyun Hye-young	Korean
native language	Dinah Derycke (1 April 1946 in Armentieres -- 19 January 2002), was a French politician in the Socialist Party.	Dinah Derycke	French
native language	Armand Joseph Bruat (Colmar, 26 May 1796 -- Montebello, off Toulon, 19 November 1855) was a French admiral.	Armand Joseph Bruat	French
native language	Cécile Aubry (3 August 1928 -- 19 July 2010) was a French film actress, author, television screenwriter and director.	Cécile Aubry	French
native language	Sergio Buenacasa Alba (born 19 April 1996) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Deportivo Aragón on loan from Juventus F.C. as a forward.	Sergio Buenacasa	Spanish
native language	Geert Mak (born 4 December 1946 in Vlaardingen) is a Dutch journalist and a non-fiction writer in the field of history.	Geert Mak	Dutch
native language	Paul-Pierre Roux, called Saint-Pol-Roux (15 January 1861, quartier de Saint-Henry, Marseille - 18 October 1940, Brest) was a French Symbolist poet.	Saint-Pol-Roux	French
native language	Alexis Loret (born 10 January 1975) is a French film and television actor.	Alexis Loret	French
native language	Gabrielle Colonna-Romano (1888--1981) or Colanna Romano (name as a cinema actress), born Gabrielle Dreyfus, was a French actress, famous as a tragedian, sociétaire of the Comédie-Française from 1913 to 1936, and as a student of Sarah Bernhardt.	Gabrielle Colonna-Romano	French
native language	Robert Jacob Gordon (29 September 1743 Doesburg, Gelderland -- 25 October 1795 Cape Town), was a Dutch explorer, soldier, artist, naturalist and linguist of Scottish descent.	Robert Jacob Gordon	Dutch
native language	Marie Dorval (6 January 1798, Lorient, Morbihan -- 20 May 1849) was a French actress.	Marie Dorval	French
native language	Jean-Michel Vaubien, is a French singer and actor.	Jean-Michel Vaubien	French
native language	Henry Kistemaeckers (October 13, 1872 -- January 21, 1938), was a prolific Belgian-born French author and playwright.	Henry Kistemaeckers	French
native language	Wenzel Jaksch (25 September 1896 -- 27 November 1966) was a Sudeten German Socialdemocrat politician and the President of the Federation of Expellees in 1964-66.	Wenzel Jaksch	German
native language	Régis Laspalès (born February 25, 1957 in Paris) is a French comedian and actor best known for his collaboration with Philippe Chevallier.	Régis Laspalès	French
native language	Michel Montignac (1944 -- August 22, 2010) was a French diet developer who originally created the Montignac diet to help himself lose weight, which he based on research that focuses on the glycemic index of foods, which affects the amount of glucose delivered to the blood after eating.	Michel Montignac	French
native language	Jessica Durlacher (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈjɛsikaː ˈdʏrlɑɣər); born September 6, 1961) is a Dutch literary critic, columnist and novelist.	Jessica Durlacher	Dutch
native language	Sabine Azéma (born 20 September 1949) is a French stage and film actress and director.	Sabine Azéma	French
native language	Paul Coze (1903--1974) was a French-American anthropologist, artist, and writer, most notable as a French authority on Native Americans, and for his public art in the 1960s.	Paul Coze	French
native language	Hendrick Peter Godfried Quack (2 July 1834 -- 6 January 1917) was a Dutch legal scholar, economist and historian, who is best known for his work De socialisten:	Hendrick Peter Godfried Quack	Dutch
native language	Armand Marrast (June 5, 1801, Saint-Gaudens--April 12, 1852, Paris) was a French politician and mayor of Paris.	Armand Marrast	French
native language	Achille Peretti (13 June 1911 -- 14 April 1983), was a French politician.	Achille Peretti	French
native language	Jacques Rennes (9 October 1875 -- 3 August 1970) was a French philosopher and veterinarian.	Jacques Rennes	French
native language	Marie-François Auguste de Caffarelli du Falga (October 7, 1766, Haute-Garonne, France - January 23, 1849, Leschelles, near Guise, Aisne) was a French général de division of Italian descent.	Marie-François Auguste de Caffarelli du Falga	French
native language	Jérôme Pineau (born 2 January 1980 in Mont-Saint-Aignan) is a French professional road bicycle racer.	Jérôme Pineau	French
native language	André Joseph Abrial (19 March 1750, Annonay, Ardèche -- 13 November 1828) was a French politician and Minister of Justice from 1799 to 1802.	André Joseph Abrial	French
native language	Pascale Roze (born 1954 Saïgon, Vietnam) is a French playwright, and novelist.	Pascale Roze	French
native language	Paul Caillaud (14 September 1917, La Copechagnière -- 15 August 2008) was a French pharmacist and politician.	Paul Caillaud	French
native language	Jacques Domergue (born 25 March 1953) is a French politician, and member of the National Assembly of France for the 1st district of the Hérault department since 2002.	Jacques Domergue	French
native language	Claude-Louis Mathieu or Louis Mathieu (25 November 1783 in Mâcon -- 5 March 1875 in Paris) was a French mathematician and astronomer who began his career as an engineer.	Claude-Louis Mathieu	French
native language	Denis Diderot (French: (dəni did(ə)ʁo); 5 October 1713 -- 31 July 1784) was a French philosopher, art critic, and writer.	Denis Diderot	French
native language	Alexandre Hardy (c. 1570/1572 -- 1632) was a French dramatist, one of the most prolific of all time.	Alexandre Hardy	French
native language	Kim Young-ha is a modern South Korean writer.	Kim Young-ha	Korean
native language	Xavier Saint-Macary (June 7, 1948 -- March 13, 1988) was a French actor, brother of Hubert Saint-Macary.	Xavier Saint-Macary	French
native language	Andreas Eschbach (born 15 September 1959, in Ulm) is a German writer, primarily of science fiction.	Andreas Eschbach	German
native language	Gérard Holtz (born 8 December 1946) is a French sports journalist.	Gérard Holtz	French
native language	Alceo Galliera (3 May 1910 - 21 April 1996) was a distinguished Italian conductor and composer.	Alceo Galliera	Italian
native language	Bruno Heck (January 20, 1917 in Aalen - September 16, 1989 in Blaubeuren) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU).	Bruno Heck	German
native language	Jean Piat (born 23 September 1924) is a French actor and writer.	Jean Piat	French
native language	Hervé de Charette (born 30 July 1938 in Paris) is a French centrist politician.	Hervé de Charette	French
native language	Julian Alaphilippe (born 11 June 1992 in Saint-Amand-Montrond) is a French road cyclist and cyclocross racer.	Julian Alaphilippe	French
native language	Yngve Moe (October 4, 1957 -- April 17, 2013) was a Norwegian bass guitarist, known from a number of album releases as a session musician, and most notably as a founding member of Dance with a Stranger.	Yngve Moe	Norwegian
native language	Marie Redonnet is the nom de plume of Martine L'hospitalier (born 1948, Paris) who is a French writer of poems, novels, essays, short stories, and plays.	Marie Redonnet	French
native language	Louis-Marie Ernest Daudet (French: (dodɛ); 31 May 1837 -- 21 August 1921) was a French journalist, novelist and historian.	Ernest Daudet	French
native language	Barthélemy Mercier de Saint-Léger (1734--1799) was a French abbot and librarian.	Barthélemy Mercier de Saint-Léger	French
native language	Julie Delpy (French: (ʒyli dɛlpi); born 21 December 1969) is a French-American actress, film director, screenwriter, and singer-songwriter.	Julie Delpy	French
native language	Georg Jarzembowski (b. 3 February 1947, Braunschweig) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Hamburg.	Georg Jarzembowski	German
native language	Jean-Baptiste de Nompère de Champagny, 1st Duc de Cadore (4 August 1756 -- 3 July 1834) was a French admiral and politician.	Jean-Baptiste de Nompère de Champagny	French
native language	Marie Paul Louis Jaurès (18 August 1860 in Castres, Tarn -- 30 October 1937) was a French admiral and deputy.	Louis Jaurès	French
native language	Erik Gabrielsson Emporagrius (1606 -- 14 March 1674) was a Swedish professor and bishop.	Erik Gabrielsson Emporagrius	Swedish
native language	Blanche Ravalec (born 1954) is a French actress, dubbing artist and a former stewardess.	Blanche Ravalec	French
native language	Cédric Kahn (born 17 June 1966) is a French screenwriter, film director and actor.	Cédric Kahn	French
native language	Kim Haki (Hangul: 김하기) is a modern South Korean writer and ex political-prisoner.	Kim Haki	Korean
native language	François-Marie Luzel (6 June 1826 - 26 February 1895), often known by his Breton name Fañch an Uhel, was a French folklorist and Breton-language poet.	François-Marie Luzel	French
native language	Marcin Wika (born November 9, 1983) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team in 2008-2009, a participant of the Olympic Games Beijing 2008,	Marcin Wika	Polish
native language	Pierre Pontard (23 September 1749--22 January 1832) was a constitutional bishop and a deputy during the French Revolution.	Pierre Pontard	French
native language	Jean Tissier (1896--1973) was a French stage, film and television actor.	Jean Tissier	French
native language	Roland Ries (January 11, 1945 in Niederlauterbach, Bas-Rhin) is a French politician from Alsace holding several posts on local, regional and national level since 1997.	Roland Ries	French
native language	Antoine Rédier (7 July 1873 -- 27 July 1954) was a French writer who was leader of the far-right Légion organization in the 1920s.	Antoine Rédier	French
native language	Bernard Frank (11 October 1929 in Neuilly-sur-Seine -- 3 November 2006 in Paris) was a Jewish French journalist and writer.	Bernard Frank	French
native language	The abbé Simon-Joseph Pellegrin (1663 -- 5 September 1745) was a French poet and playwright, a librettist who collaborated with Jean-Philippe Rameau and other composers.	Simon-Joseph Pellegrin	French
native language	Jean Puech (born 22 February 1942, in Viviez) is a French politician.	Jean Puech	French
native language	Julien Berthier (1975 - ) is a French artist from Paris known, among other works and exhibitions, for his Love Love yacht, a fully seaworthy sailing yacht designed to look as if it is in the middle of sinking bow first - representing, according to the artist, 'lost hope and death'.	Julien Berthier	French
native language	Laurent Eynac (4 October 1886 -- 16 December 1970) was a French politician who was appointed Minister of Transportation on 7 June 1935 until 24 January 1936.	Laurent Eynac	French
native language	Jean Giono (30 March 1895 -- 8 October 1970) was a French author who wrote works of fiction mostly set in the Provence region of France.	Jean Giono	French
native language	Louise Bourgoin (born Ariane Louise Bourgoin; 28 November 1981) is a French actress, model and television presenter.	Louise Bourgoin	French
native language	Jacques de Tourreil (Toulouse, 18 November 1656 -- Paris, 11 October 1714) was a French jurist, orator, translator and man of letters.	Jacques de Tourreil	French
native language	Corinne Cléry (born 23 March 1950), also known as Corinne Piccolo, is a French actress.	Corinne Cléry	French
native language	Jean Boivin the Younger or Jean Boivin de Villeneuve (1 September 1663, Montreuil-l'Argillé -- 29 October 1726, Paris) was a French writer, scholar and translator.	Jean Boivin the Younger	French
native language	André Salardaine (8 June 1908 in Charron -- 2 June 1995 in Puilboreau) was a French Gaullist politician and a member of the Union for the New Republic (UNR).	André Salardaine	French
native language	Jean-Roger Caussimon (24 July 1918 -- 19 October 1985) was a French singer-songwriter and film actor.	Jean-Roger Caussimon	French
native language	Alessandra Martines (born 19 September 1963) is an Italian-French dancer and actress.	Alessandra Martines	French
native language	Jacques Chardonne (born Jacques Boutelleau in Barbezieux-Saint-Hilaire, Charente on January 2, 1884; died in La Frette-sur-Seine on May 29, 1968) is the pseudonym of French writer Jacques Boutelleau.	Jacques Chardonne	French
native language	Gunnar Uldall (born 1940) is a German politician and former state minister of Economy and Labour in Hamburg.	Gunnar Uldall	German
native language	Philipp Mißfelder (25 August 1979 -- 13 July 2015) was a German politician and a member of the German Bundestag.	Philipp Mißfelder	German
native language	Laure Conan, pen name of Marie-Louise-Félicité Angers, (9 January 1845 -- 6 June 1924), is regarded as the first true French-Canadian female novelist.	Laure Conan	French
native language	Sabine Paturel (born 19 September 1965) is a French singer and actress.	Sabine Paturel	French
native language	Chantal Mauduit (24 March 1964 -- 11 May 1998) was a French alpinist.	Chantal Mauduit	French
native language	Auguste Le Breton (18 February 1913 -- 31 May 1999) was a French novelist who wrote primarily about the criminal underworld.	Auguste Le Breton	French
native language	Nelly Kaplan (born 11 April 1936 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine-born French writer who focuses on the arts, film and filmmakers.	Nelly Kaplan	French
native language	Pierre François Sauret de la Borie (23 March 1742, Gannat, Allier - 24 June 1818) enlisted in the French army as a private, fought in the Seven Years' War, and became a general officer during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Pierre François Sauret	French
native language	Jean Yonnel (21 July 1891 -- 17 August 1968) was a Romanian-born French actor.	Jean Yonnel	French
native language	Émile Pouvillon (Montauban 1840 -- 1906 Chambéry) was a French novelist.	Émile Pouvillon	French
native language	Valérie Donzelli (born 2 March 1973) is a French actress, filmmaker and screenwriter.	Valérie Donzelli	French
native language	Xavier Marmier (22 June 1808 -- 12 October 1892) was a French author born in Pontarlier, in Doubs.	Xavier Marmier	French
native language	Heinrich Ludwig Hermann Krekeler (20 July 1906 Bottrop - 5 August 2003 Bad Salzuflen) was a German chemist, politician, and ambassador.	Heinrich Ludwig Hermann Krekeler	German
native language	Michel Demuth (1939--2006) was a French writer, translator and publisher.	Michel Demuth	French
native language	Gustaaf Adolf Frederik Molengraaff (27 February 1860 Nijmegen -- 26 March 1942 Wassenaar) was a Dutch geologist, biologist and explorer.	Gustaaf Adolf Frederik Molengraaff	Dutch
native language	Maciej Słomczyński (April 10, 1922 -- March 21, 1998) was a Polish translator and writer.	Maciej Słomczyński	Polish
native language	Théophile Alajouanine (12 June 1890 -- 2 May 1980) was a French neurologist.	Théophile Alajouanine	French
native language	Antoine François Passy (23 April 1792 - 8 October 1873) was a French politician, geologist, and botanist.	Antoine François Passy	French
native language	Félix Jules Méline (French pronunciation: ​(ʒyl melin); 20 May 1838 -- 21 December 1925) was a French statesman, prime minister from 1896 to 1898.	Jules Méline	French
native language	Jiang Xin (simplified Chinese: 蒋欣; traditional Chinese: 蔣欣; born May 8, 1983), also known by her English name Rulu Jiang, is a Chinese actress.	Jiang Xin	Chinese
native language	Jean Duvernoy (1917--2010) was a French medievalist and translator.	Jean Duvernoy	French
native language	Édith Piaf (French: (edit pjaf); 19 December 1915 -- 10 October 1963; born Édith Giovanna Gassion) was a French cabaret singer, songwriter and actress who became widely regarded as France's national chanteuse, as well as being one of France's greatest international stars.	Édith Piaf	French
native language	Marie-Thérèse Sanchez-Schmid (born 15 November 1957) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election for the South-West France constituency.	Marie-Thérèse Sanchez-Schmid	French
native language	Georges Vedel (5 July 1910 -- 21 February 2002) was a French public law professor from Auch, France.	Georges Vedel	French
native language	Nicolas Bricaire de la Dixmerie (c. 1730 -- November 26, 1791), French man of letters, was born at Lamothe (Haute-Marne).	Nicolas Bricaire de la Dixmerie	French
native language	Jean-Marie Colombani (born 7 July 1948 in Dakar, Senegal) is a French journalist, and was the editor-in-chief of the daily newspaper Le Monde from 1994 until 2007.	Jean-Marie Colombani	French
native language	André Migot (1892--1967) was a French doctor, traveller and writer.	André Migot	French
native language	Gilbert Romme (26 March 1750 -- 17 June 1795) was a French politician and mathematician who developed the French Republican Calendar.	Gilbert Romme	French
native language	Walter Riester (born 27 September 1943 in Kaufbeuren) is a German politician of the SPD and former Minister of Labour and Social Affairs.	Walter Riester	German
native language	Sébastien Foucan (born 24 May 1974) is a French freerunner.	Sébastien Foucan	French
native language	Joseph Anglade (1868--1930) was a French philologist.	Joseph Anglade	French
native language	Jean-Martial Bineau (18 May 1805 -- 8 September 1855) was a French engineer and politician who promoted the early development of railways in France.	Jean-Martial Bineau	French
occupation	Ralph Ince (January 16, 1887 -- April 10, 1937) was an American pioneer film actor, director and screenwriter whose career began near the dawn of the silent film era.	Ralph Ince	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Ronald Greenwald (January 8, 1934 -- January 20, 2016) was an American Orthodox Jewish rabbi, who was a businessman and an educator.	Ronald Greenwald	rabbi
occupation	William Bevil Thomas (born 1757 in St. John's, Newfoundland; d. 1825 in St. John's), was a prominent merchant, land developer and sea captain who is, with his descendants, notable in the history of that city and in the history of Newfoundland and Labrador province.	William Bevil Thomas	merchant
occupation	Andy Paiko (born September 10, 1977, Woodland, California, United States) is an American glass sculptor.	Andy Paiko	sculptor
occupation	Judith Wallerstein (December 27, 1921 -- June 18, 2012) was a psychologist and researcher who created a 25-year study on the effects of divorce on the children involved.	Judith Wallerstein	psychologist
occupation	Pekka Karjalainen is a Finnish film director and sound producer.	Pekka Karjalainen	film director
occupation	Frank Lamson-Scribner (April 19, 1851 -- February 22, 1938) was an American botanist and pioneering plant pathologist.	Frank Lamson-Scribner	botanist
occupation	Sir William Mortimer Clark (also spelled Clarke), KC (May 24, 1836 -- August 10, 1915) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.	William Mortimer Clark	lawyer
occupation	Burgess Gardner is a noted jazz musician, educator, and composer.	Burgess Gardner	jazz musician
occupation	Ghassan Nasr is an academic and translator.	Ghassan Nasr	translator
occupation	Zbigniew Michalewicz, PhD, is an entrepreneur, author and professor who is recognised internationally as an mathematical optimisation and new technologies expert.	Zbigniew Michalewicz	author
occupation	Aaron Frobel (born December 13, 1986) is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Michael Elgin.	Michael Elgin	professional wrestler
occupation	Cyndi Grecco is an American singer who performed the theme tune to the popular 1970s American television show Laverne & Shirley.	Cyndi Grecco	singer
occupation	Amor De Cosmos (August 20, 1825 -- July 4, 1897) was a Canadian journalist, publisher and politician.	Amor De Cosmos	journalist	politician
occupation	Richard Weller is an Australian landscape architect and academic.	Richard Weller	architect
occupation	Grant Masters (born 2 January 1965) is an English actor and comedian who formerly played the role of Martin Campbell in the Channel 4 teen Soap Opera Hollyoaks.	Grant Masters	actor	comedian
occupation	Gary Vinson (October 22, 1936 -- October 15, 1984) was an American actor who appeared in significant roles in three television series of the 1960s:	Gary Vinson	actor
occupation	Skúli Mogensen is an Icelandic financial investor with a majority ownership of Icelandic-based airline WOW air.	Skúli Mogensen	investor
occupation	Benjamin Byron Davis (born June 21, 1972) is an American actor, writer, director and acting coach.	Benjamin Byron Davis	actor
occupation	Wyatt Eaton, baptised Charles Wyatt Eaton, (May 6, 1849 -- June 7, 1896) was a Canadian/American portrait and figure painter, remembered as one of the founders of the Society of American Artists.	Wyatt Eaton	painter
occupation	Leif Högström (born July 4, 1955) is a Swedish fencer and Olympic Champion.	Leif Högström	fencer
occupation	Matt Kleiner (born January 7, 1981) is an American director and photographer whose work includes film, music videos, commercials and print publications.	Matt Kleiner	photographer
occupation	Patrick Losensky is a German rapper better known as Fler.	Fler	rapper
occupation	Kadri Kordel is a Turkish amateur boxer in the flyweight (51 kg) division.	Kadri Kordel	boxer
occupation	T-Mo (born Robert Barnett on February 2, 1972 in Cascade Heights, Georgia) is an American rapper best known for being a member of Southern hip-hop group Goodie Mob and being the more aggressive member of the group.	T-Mo	rapper
occupation	Omar Abdi (Somali: Cumar Cabdi, Arabic: عمر عبدي‎) is a Somali-Canadian diplomat.	Omar Abdi	diplomat
occupation	Laurent Freidel is a French theoretical physicist and mathematical physicist known mainly for his contributions to quantum gravity, including loop quantum gravity, spin foam models, doubly special relativity, group field theory, relative locality and most recently metastring theory.	Laurent Freidel	physicist
occupation	Chastity Brown (born June 1, 1982) is an American singer-songwriter and musician based out of Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Chastity Brown	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ivan Medek (July 13, 1925 -- January 6, 2010) was a Czech classical music critic, radio broadcaster and journalist.	Ivan Medek	journalist
occupation	Franck Muller (born July 1958) is a Swiss watchmaker and the company of the same name.	Franck Muller	watchmaker
occupation	Bob Holman is an American poet and poetry activist, most closely identified with the oral tradition, the spoken word, and slam poetry.	Bob Holman	poet
occupation	Ken Christy (November 23, 1894--November 23, 1962), was an American television, film and radio character actor.	Ken Christy	actor
occupation	Hans Besser (1510-after 1558) was a German Renaissance portrait painter.	Hans Besser	painter
occupation	Rabbi Josef Hirsch Dunner (January 4, 1913 -- April 1, 2007), aka ``Harav Yosef Tzvi Halevi Dunner'', was a distinguished hareidi rabbi from Germany, who spent most of his life in London, England.	Josef Hirsch Dunner	rabbi
occupation	Mo Tse (Chinese: 謝苗 also known as Miu Tse, Tse Miu, Tze Miu, Xia Miao, Xie Miao) is an actor who began as a child actor.	Mo Tse	actor
occupation	Paul Monsky (born June 17, 1936) is an American mathematician and professor at Brandeis University.	Paul Monsky	mathematician
occupation	Wilks practised as an architect and engineer, having prepared designs for the Congregational Church, 24 Lyttleton Street West, Castlemaine in 1855 (Listed on the Register of the National Estate: Place 4203) Clement Wilks was appointed Ballarat Road Engineer in 1857 having initially been stationed in Barkers Creek or Castlemaine.	Clement Wilks	engineer
occupation	Harry Partch (June 24, 1901 -- September 3, 1974) was an American composer, music theorist, and creator of musical instruments.	Harry Partch	composer	music theorist
occupation	Nick Veasey is a British photographer working primarily with images created from X-ray imaging.	Nick Veasey	photographer
occupation	Aleksander Sochaczewski (March 3, 1843, Iłów -- April 15, 1923) was a Polish painter who participated in the Polish January Uprising against the Russian Empire in 1863.	Aleksander Sochaczewski	painter
occupation	James Gallier, Jr. (1827--1868), was a prominent architect in New Orleans, Louisiana.	James Gallier, Jr.	architect
occupation	Rosemary Sexton is a Canadian author and former columnist for The Globe and Mail She is the author of the books The Glitter Girls, Confessions of a Society Columnist and Home Before Dark.	Rosemary Sexton	columnist
occupation	Daniel Martin Varisco (born 1951 in Strongsville, Ohio), is an anthropologist and historian.	Daniel Martin Varisco	anthropologist
occupation	Hervé Renoh is a film director based in Paris and Los Angeles.	Hervé Renoh	film director
occupation	Buck Young (April 12, 1920 -- February 9, 2000) was an American actor who played the role as Sergeant Whipple on the Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C. TV series, and Deputy Joe Watson on The Andy Griffith Show.	Buck Young	actor
occupation	Ryu Dam (Hangul: 류담; hanja: 柳談; born December 6, 1979), is a South Korean comedian and actor.	Ryu Dam	comedian
occupation	Susanna Cappellaro (Cohen) is an Italian actress and writer living in Soho, London.	Susanna Cappellaro	writer
occupation	Darko Hudelist (Zagreb, February 27, 1959) is a Croatian journalist, non-fiction writer and researcher of contemporary history.	Darko Hudelist	journalist
occupation	Thane Rosenbaum (born 1960) is an American novelist, essayist, and law professor.	Thane Rosenbaum	novelist
occupation	John Bliss (October 8, 1930 -- February 28, 2008) was an American actor known for playing the role of the 8th grade Social Studies teacher and former Principal Irving Pal on Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide.	John Bliss	actor
occupation	Nathan Cole (July 26, 1825 -- March 4, 1904) was a nineteenth-century politician, merchant and businessman from Missouri.	Nathan Cole	politician
occupation	Edwin H. Lothrop was a politician from Michigan who served in the Michigan House of Representatives both prior to and after statehood, and who served as Speaker of the House during the 9th Legislature (coincidentally, as the 9th Speaker).	Edwin H. Lothrop	politician
occupation	Anna Catharina Materna (née von der Lühe) (1731--1757) was a Danish actor and playwright.	Anna Catharina Materna	actor
occupation	Henry Gaston Bunn (June 12, 1838 -- July 17, 1908) was an American lawyer, soldier, and politician who served as Chief Justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court.	Henry Gaston Bunn	lawyer
occupation	Floyd Levin (September 24, 1922 - January 29, 2007) was a jazz historian and writer whose articles were published in many magazines, including Down Beat, Jazz Journal International, American Rag, and Metronome.	Floyd Levin	historian
occupation	Abdul Samay Hamed is an Afghan journalist and cartoonist.	Abdul Samay Hamed	journalist	cartoonist
occupation	Alex de Campi is a British-American music video director, comics writer and columnist.	Alex de Campi	music video director
occupation	Berenguer de Montagut (active during the second half of the 14th century) was a Catalan architect, master builder on Santa Maria del Mar. Little is known about Berenguer de Montagut's life.	Berenguer de Montagut	architect
occupation	Hasmik Harutyunyan (Armenian: Հասմիկ Հարությունյան; born December 26, 1960 in Yerevan) is an Armenian folk singer.	Hasmik Harutyunyan	singer
occupation	Lennart Ekdal (born 19 November 1953) is a Swedish journalist and television host.	Lennart Ekdal	journalist
occupation	Mulgrew Miller (August 13, 1955 -- May 29, 2013) was an American jazz pianist, composer, and educator.	Mulgrew Miller	pianist	composer
occupation	Bruno Garcia da Silva (born November 29, 1970 in Recife, Pernambuco) is a Brazilian film, television, and stage actor.	Bruno Garcia	actor
occupation	Norman Rose (June 23 1917 -- November 12 2004) was an American actor, film narrator and radio announcer whose velvety baritone was often called ``the Voice of God'' by colleagues.	Norman Rose	actor
occupation	Zheng Saisai or Zheng Sai-Sai (鄭賽賽; born February 5, 1994) is a Chinese tennis player.	Zheng Saisai	tennis player
occupation	According to EurActiv, ``Jeremy Rifkin is an American economist and author whose best-selling Third Industrial Revolution arguably provided the blueprint for Germany's transition to a low-carbon economy, and China's strategic acceptance of climate policy.''	Jeremy Rifkin	economist
occupation	Isaac Baron (born July 10, 1987) an American professional poker player from Menlo Park, California.	Isaac Baron	poker player
occupation	Abel Spencer (December 4, 1758 -- June 16, 1832) was a Vermont lawyer and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives twice and was expelled from the House for theft.	Abel Spencer	lawyer	politician
occupation	George Herms (born 1935) is an American artist best known for making assemblages out of discarded, often rusty, dirty or broken every-day objects, and juxtaposing those objects so as to infuse them with poetry, humor and meaning.	George Herms	artist
occupation	Bille Woodruff is a music video and film director, noted for directing many videos for a number of R&B and hip-hop artists since the mid-1990s.	Bille Woodruff	film director
occupation	Lisa Ellis (née Ward, born November 15, 1982) is an American professional mixed martial artist.	Lisa Ellis	mixed martial artist
occupation	John Hora A.S.C. (born February 16, 1940), also known as John C. Hora, is an American cinematographer active from the 1970s to the 2000s.	John Hora	cinematographer
occupation	Eric W. Robinson is an American historian of Ancient Greece, specializing in early democracy.	Eric W. Robinson	historian
occupation	Eric Matinenga is a Zimbabwean case lawyer and politician who successfully defended Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) leader Morgan Tsvangirai during his treason trial in 2005.	Eric Matinenga	politician
occupation	Grayson Russell (born December 27, 1998) is an American film and television teen actor.	Grayson Russell	actor
occupation	Kurt Hugo Schneider (born September 7, 1988) is an American video editor, producer, musician, singer and songwriter, whose primary medium is YouTube music videos.	Kurt Hugo Schneider	video editor	musician	singer	songwriter
occupation	Hu Kun (Chinese: 胡坤) is a Chinese violinist and conductor.	Hu Kun	conductor
occupation	Werner Torkanowsky (born on March 30, 1926; died on October 20, 1992) was a successful German conductor in both the concert hall and opera house.	Werner Torkanowsky	conductor
occupation	Agustín Hernández Navarro (born February 29, 1924) is a Mexican architect and sculptor.	Agustín Hernández Navarro	architect	sculptor
occupation	Fred Dickson QC (July 4, 1937 -- February 9, 2012) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and a Conservative member of the Canadian Senate.	Fred Dickson	lawyer	politician
occupation	Kathryn Roberts is an English folk singer, from Barnsley, South Yorkshire.	Kathryn Roberts	singer
occupation	Mahtab Parsamehr (Persian: مهتاب پارسامهر‎, born February 20, 1989) is an Iranian compound archer.	Mahtab Parsamehr	archer
occupation	Miss Coco Peru is the drag persona of American actor, comedian and drag performer Clinton Leupp, known for her role in the 1999 independent film Trick and for her series of live theater performances.	Miss Coco Peru	actor
occupation	Marcus Gloster (born April 29, 1986), better known by his stage name Black Cobain is an American rapper signed to The Board Administration.	Black Cobain	rapper
occupation	Dakis Joannou (Greek: Δάκης Ιωάννου; born December 30, 1939) is a Greek Cypriot industrialist and art collector.	Dakis Joannou	art collector
occupation	William Wallace Smith Bliss (August 17, 1815 -- August 5, 1853) was a United States Army officer and mathematics professor.	William Wallace Smith Bliss	officer
occupation	William the Clerk of Normandy (French: Guillaume le Clerc de Normandie) (fl. 1210/1211--1227/1238) was a Norman cleric and Old French poet.	William the Clerk of Normandy	poet
occupation	John Moore Allison (April 7, 1905 -- October 28, 1978) was a US diplomat most commonly known for being US Ambassador to Japan from 1953 to 1957.	John Moore Allison	diplomat
occupation	Sean McCorkle (born July 17, 1976) is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Sean McCorkle	mixed martial artist
occupation	Fergal Bradshaw is a former Dublin minor Gaelic footballer and an Australian rules footballer.	Fergal Bradshaw	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Gary Grainger (born 20th century) is an English rock, blues, jazz and pop songwriter and guitarist, most known for his work with Rod Stewart.	Gary Grainger	guitarist
occupation	Kamran Afshar Naderi is a well known Iranian architect and architectural lobbyist and critic.	Kamran Afshar Naderi	architect
occupation	Esther Galil (born May 28, 1945) is a Morocco-born, Los Angeles, California-based French and Israeli singer and painter.	Esther Galil	singer
occupation	Philip Amadas (1565--?) was a naval commander and explorer in Elizabethan England.	Philip Amadas	explorer
occupation	Rabbi Shimon Sofer (1820--1883) (German: Simon Schreiber) was a prominent Austrian Orthodox Jewish rabbi in the 19th century.	Shimon Sofer	rabbi
occupation	Stanisław Zamecznik (March 10, 1909 -- May 2, 1971) was a Polish graphic artist, poster artist, scenographer and architect.	Stanisław Zamecznik	architect
occupation	Balachandra Akhil (born 7 October 1977 in Bangalore, Karnataka) is an Indian cricketer who play for Karnataka.	Balachandra Akhil	cricketer
occupation	Stevie Davies is an award-winning Welsh novelist.	Stevie Davies	novelist
occupation	John Francis Bongiovi, Jr. (born March 2, 1962), known as Jon Bon Jovi, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, philanthropist, and actor, best known as the founder and frontman of rock band Bon Jovi, which was formed in 1983.	Jon Bon Jovi	singer-songwriter	actor
occupation	Michael W. Watkins (often credited as Michael Watkins) is an American cinematographer, television director and television producer.	Michael W. Watkins	cinematographer	television director
occupation	Reinhard Seehafer (born September 6, 1958) is a German conductor, pianist and composer of contemporary classical music.	Reinhard Seehafer	conductor	composer
occupation	Dan Winters (born October 21, 1962) is an American portrait photographer, illustrator, filmmaker and writer.	Dan Winters	photographer
occupation	Jaspinder Narula is a Punjabi singer and Bollywood playback singer.	Jaspinder Narula	singer
occupation	Aurin Squire is an award-winning American producer, playwright, screenwriter, and reporter.	Aurin Squire	playwright	screenwriter
occupation	Tyrel Jackson Williams (born March 16, 1997) is an American actor, singer and musician.	Tyrel Jackson Williams	actor
occupation	Pam Rosanio (born October 16, 1986) is an American basketball player who played internationally for Ribera Italy (2008), Eskilstuna Sweden (2008--2009) and has just finished playing this past season (2009--2010) with the Umeå Comets in Damligan, the Swedish women's basketball league.	Pam Rosanio	basketball player
occupation	Junius Hillyer (April 23, 1807 -- June 21, 1886) was an American politician and lawyer who served two terms in the United States Congress.	Junius Hillyer	politician	lawyer
occupation	Stewart Cheifet (i/ˌstʊɑrt ʃɛˈfeɪ/) is a television presenter, best known for his work presenting and producing Computer Chronicles and Net Cafe.	Stewart Cheifet	television presenter
occupation	Monica Malpass (born April 28, 1961 in High Point, North Carolina) is an American journalist and television anchor for WPVI Action News in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Monica Malpass	journalist
occupation	Sandro Ghiani (born 12 August 1952) is an Italian film, stage and television actor.	Sandro Ghiani	actor
occupation	Slobodan Marunović (Montenegrin: Slobodan Marunović, Слободан Маруновић: born 4 July 1957), is an actor from Montenegro.	Slobodan Marunović	actor
occupation	Jacqueline Voltaire (November 6, 1948 -- April 8, 2008) was a British-born Mexican actress, model and singer, known for her successful career in telenovelas, especially on Televisa.	Jacqueline Voltaire	singer
occupation	Mikhael Subotzky: photographe = photographer.	Mikhael Subotzky	photographer
occupation	Jean-Louis Koszul (French: (kɔzyl); born January 3, 1921) is a French mathematician best known for studying geometry and discovering the Koszul complex.	Jean-Louis Koszul	mathematician
occupation	Rico Daniels is an English television presenter who has his own show, The Salvager on Discovery Real Time.	Rico Daniels	television presenter
occupation	Besides his work with The Diamond Dogs and The Bitter Twins, Sulo has recorded as a solo artist where he has he interpreted poetry by the Swedish author and poet Ernst Brunner, with the Swedish actor and author Per Ragnar, together with Swedish singer, Idde Schultz.	Sulo	singer
occupation	Françoise de Clossey (born October 12, 1974) is a Canadian pianist and organist.	Françoise de Clossey	pianist
occupation	Jassi Khangura(Jagbir Singh Khangura) is a social entrepreneur, businessman and politician.	Jassi Khangura	politician
occupation	Laima Vaikule is a popular Latvian actress, singer, director, and choreographer, best known in Europe and in the former USSR for such popular hits as ``Vernisage'' and ``Charlie,'' among other songs.	Laima Vaikule	singer
occupation	Albertina Walker (August 29, 1929 -- October 8, 2010) was an American gospel singer, song writer, actress, and humanitarian.	Albertina Walker	singer
occupation	Jane Powell (born Suzanne Lorraine Burce; April 1, 1929) is an American singer, dancer, and actress.	Jane Powell	singer	dancer
occupation	Carole Caroompas is a painter whose work examines the intersection of Pop culture and gender archetypes.	Carole Caroompas	painter
occupation	Kanybek Osmonaliyevich Osmonaliyev (Russian: Каныбек Осмоналиевич Осмоналиев) (born November 19, 1953 in Frunze, Kirghiz SSR) is a former Soviet weightlifter, Olympic champion and world champion.	Kanybek Osmonaliyev	weightlifter
occupation	Frankie Pace is an American stand-up comedian and actor.	Frankie Pace	actor
occupation	David Reese Havens (born October 20, 1986) is a former professional baseball player who was an infielder in Minor League Baseball.	Reese Havens	baseball player
occupation	Moshe Safdie, CC, FAIA (born July 14, 1938) is an Israeli/Canadian/American architect, urban designer, educator, theorist, and author.	Moshe Safdie	architect
occupation	Willi Jentzsch (born 15 May 1886 in Bitterfeld-Wolfen, died 23 May 1936 in the Free City of Danzig) was a German teacher, school administrator and politician.	Willi Jentzsch	teacher
occupation	Enrique Tornú (September 1, 1865 -- August 23, 1901) was an Argentine physician and hygienist.	Enrique Tornú	physician
occupation	Samuel William Christopher Watson IV (born March 7, 1974) better known by his stage name Krizz Kaliko, is an American rapper and songwriter.	Krizz Kaliko	rapper
occupation	Katie Doherty, born 1983, is a singer-songwriter based in the North East of England.	Katie Doherty	singer
occupation	Winston Baker (born December 17, 1939) was a Canadian politician, who sat in the Newfoundland House of Assembly from 1985 to 1995 as a member of the Liberals.	Winston Baker	politician
occupation	Scott Solter is a recording engineer, record producer, mixer, remixer and musician.	Scott Solter	record producer	musician
occupation	Aulus Didius Gallus Fabricius Veiento was a Roman politician and an adept in the art of political survival.	Aulus Didius Gallus Fabricius Veiento	politician
occupation	Georgia Inglis (born 28 March 1994) is a 2.5 point Australian wheelchair basketball player.	Georgia Inglis	basketball player
occupation	Thomas Pullyson was an English politician and Lord Mayor of London.	Thomas Pullyson	politician
occupation	Hamid Reza Sadr (حمیدرضا صدر, born April 19th, 1956), is an Iranian Film Critic, journalist, author and Historian.	Hamid Reza Sadr	journalist
occupation	James Evetts Haley, Sr., usually known as J. Evetts Haley (July 5, 1901 -- October 9, 1995), was a Texas-born political activist and historian who wrote multiple works on the American West, including an enduring biography of cattleman Charles Goodnight.	J. Evetts Haley	historian
occupation	Zach Ness (born April 11, 1988) is a third-generation American motorcycle designer and entrepreneur.	Zach Ness	entrepreneur
occupation	Richard T. Otcasek (born March 23, 1949), known as Ric Ocasek, is an American songwriter, musician and record producer.	Ric Ocasek	musician
occupation	Miquel de Castillon or Castilho was a troubadour of Narbonne.	Miquel de Castillon	troubadour
occupation	Ranald MacDougall (March 10, 1915 -- December 12, 1973) was an American screenwriter who scripted such films as Mildred Pierce (1945), The Unsuspected (1947), June Bride (1948), and The Naked Jungle (1954), and shared screenwriting credit for 1963's Cleopatra.	Ranald MacDougall	screenwriter
occupation	Chris Hawkes is a songwriter, singer, guitarist, recording engineer and producer.	Chris Hawkes	singer
occupation	Robert Thornby (March 27, 1888 -- March 6, 1953) was an American director and actor of the silent era.	Robert Thornby	actor
occupation	Charlie Moreno (born November 8, 1978 in El Paso, Texas) is an American stand-up comic and an actor.	Charlie Moreno	actor
occupation	Stephanie Moorhouse (born January 20, 1987) is an Australian former artistic gymnast.	Stephanie Moorhouse	artistic gymnast
occupation	Lara Christine Von Seelen (known professionally as Lara Spencer) (born June 19, 1969) is an American television journalist.	Lara Spencer	journalist
occupation	José Luis Amezcua Díaz (April 13, 1943 -- July 30, 2008) was a Mexican professional wrestler who wrestled during the 1960s and 1970s under the ring name Alfonso Dantés (the name was taken from the main character of the Count of Monte Cristo novel, Edmond Dantès).	Alfonso Dantés	professional wrestler
occupation	Alfred Zamara (1863 -- 1940) was an Austrian composer and harpist.	Alfred Zamara	composer
occupation	Aliguccio Ciccarelli, also known as Ciccarello d'Aliguzio (15th century) is a Italian painter of the 15th century, allegedly active in Loreto, Camerino, and Ancona.	Aliguccio Ciccarelli	painter
occupation	Ric Graebner is a British contemporary classical music composer based in Brighton.	Ric Graebner	composer
occupation	Atul Kinagi is an Indian actor, working in film and television industry.	Atul Kinagi	actor
occupation	Arthur L. Jenkins III is an American fellowship-trained neurosurgeon, co-director of the Neurosurgical Spine Program, and Director of Spinal Oncology and Minimally Invasive Spinal Surgery (MIS) Program at the Mount Sinai Hospital, New York.	Arthur L. Jenkins	neurosurgeon
occupation	Salim Ahamed is an Indian film director, screen writer and producer.	Salim Ahamed	film director
occupation	Robert Youngson (November 27, 1917 -- April 8, 1974) was a film producer, director, and screenwriter.	Robert Youngson	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Héctor Germán Oesterheld (born July 23, 1919; disappeared and presumed dead 1977), also known as his common abbreviation HGO, was an Argentine journalist and writer of graphic novels and comics.	Héctor Germán Oesterheld	journalist
occupation	C. D. Payne (born C. Douglas Payne; July 5, 1949) is an American writer of absurdist fiction who is best known for his series of novels about fictional teenager Nick Twisp.	C. D. Payne	writer
occupation	Jan Feiko Kloppenburg (born 19 June 1974 in Haarlem, North Holland) is a Dutch cricketer: a right-handed opening batsman who also bowls right-arm medium pace.	Feiko Kloppenburg	cricketer
occupation	Hacı Ahmet was a purported Muslim cartographer linked to a 16th-century map of the world.	Hacı Ahmet	cartographer
occupation	Talha Jubair (Bengali: তালহা জুবায়ের) (born December 10, 1985 in Dhaka) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 7 Tests and 6 ODIs from 2002 to 2004.	Talha Jubair	cricketer
occupation	Franček Rudolf (Franèek Rudolf) (born 5 September 1944) is a Slovenian poet, author, screenwriter, playwright, film director, critic and journalist.	Franček Rudolf	film director
occupation	Rick Hautala (February 3, 1949 -- March 21, 2013) was an American speculative fiction and horror writer.	Rick Hautala	writer
occupation	Lloyd Hughes (October 21, 1897 -- June 6, 1958) was an American actor of both the silent and sound film eras.	Lloyd Hughes	actor
occupation	Micho Russell (March 25, 1915 -- February 19, 1994) was an Irish musician and author best known for his expert tin whistle performance.	Micho Russell	musician
occupation	Reggie Perera was Sri Lankan Trotskyist politician.	Reggie Perera	politician
occupation	Torsten Stein (*1944) is a German jurist.	Torsten Stein	jurist
occupation	James W. Shocknessy (died July 15, 1976) was a politician from Columbus, Ohio of the Democratic party.	James W. Shocknessy	politician
occupation	Henrique Couto (born September 10, 1986) is an American writer and film director of horror, comedy, family, and western film genres, from Dayton, Ohio, United States.	Henrique Couto	film director
occupation	Men Sam An (Khmer: ម៉ែន សំអន; born August 15, 1953) is a Cambodian politician.	Men Sam An	politician
occupation	William Lane Milligan (1795--1851) was a British military surgeon.	William Lane Milligan	surgeon
occupation	Joshua Reznicow is an American composer, director, and string teacher from Minneapolis--	Joshua Reznicow	composer	teacher
occupation	Roderick Harold Clive Pringle (January 8, 1871 -- May 2, 1920) was a Canadian Senator and lawyer.	Clive Pringle	lawyer
occupation	Dušan Kojić ``Koja'' (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Којић Која) is a Serbian rock bassist, singer, and songwriter.	Dušan Kojić	singer
occupation	Peter Mark Richman (born April 16, 1927) is an American actor who has starred in films and on television, who was for many years credited as Mark Richman.	Peter Mark Richman	actor
occupation	Jerediah Horsford (March 8, 1791 Charlotte, Chittenden County, Vermont - January 14, 1875 Livonia, Livingston County, New York) was an American politician from New York.	Jerediah Horsford	politician
occupation	Billy House (May 7, 1889 -- September 23, 1961) was an American vaudevillian, Broadway performer and feature film actor.	Billy House	actor
occupation	Shen Haobo (Chinese: 沈浩波; pinyin: Shěn Hàobō) is a Chinese poet and publisher, born in 1976 in Taixing, Jiangsu province.	Shen Haobo	poet
occupation	Alan Tennie is a Scottish singer, songwriter and musician from Bearsden, Glasgow.	Alan Tennie	singer, songwriter	musician
occupation	Roberto Pavoni (born 29 March 1991) is an English competitive swimmer who has represented Great Britain in various international championships.	Roberto Pavoni	swimmer
occupation	Steven M. Stanley (born November 2, 1941) is an American paleontologist and evolutionary biologist at the University of Hawaii at Manoa.	Steven M. Stanley	paleontologist
occupation	Tomas Díaz Mendoza (born April 9, 1965) is a Mexican professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Villano IV. Within the stable Los Villanos, he has wrestled for Universal Wrestling Association (UWA), Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), and World Championship Wrestling (WCW).	Villano IV	professional wrestler
occupation	Barbara Seaman (September 11, 1935 -- February 27, 2008) was an American author, activist, and journalist, and a principal founder of the women's health feminism movement.	Barbara Seaman	journalist
occupation	Eugene McMenamin is an Irish politician from Northern Ireland who stood as an independent in the Assembly elections in 2011, formerly from the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP).	Eugene McMenamin	politician
occupation	Sharadchandra Shankar Shrikhande (born October 19, 1917) is an Indian mathematician with distinguished and well-recognized achievements in combinatorial mathematics.	Sharadchandra Shankar Shrikhande	mathematician
occupation	Heinrich der Glïchezäre (i.e. the hypocrite, in the sense of one who adopts a strange name or pseudonym; also called Heinrich der Gleißner) was a Middle High German poet from Alsace, author of a narrative poem, Reinhart Fuchs (Reynard), the oldest German beast epic that we possess.	Heinrich der Glïchezäre	poet	author
occupation	Yao Si Ting (姚斯婷, born June 19, 1983) is a Chinese singer from Guangzhou, China.	Yao Si Ting	singer
occupation	Melissa Springer is an American photojournalist whose work has appeared in numerous publications, including Aperture, Elle, Forbes, Harper's Bazaar, The New York Times Magazine, Los Angeles Times Magazine, Southern Living, The Village Voice and House & Garden.	Melissa Springer	photojournalist
occupation	Lodovico Bertucci (17th century) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, specializing in paintings of bambocciate (genre paintings of lower classes, typically painted by Bamboccianti painters) and capricci (imagined vedute).	Lodovico Bertucci	painter
occupation	Raphaël Cerf is a French mathematician at Paris-Sud 11 University.	Raphaël Cerf	mathematician
occupation	Imaad Shah, born Imaaduddin Shah, is an Indian actor and musician.	Imaad Shah	actor
occupation	Ernie Pike is a comics series written by Héctor Germán Oesterheld and originally drawn by Hugo Pratt, starring a World War II and Korean War reporter.	Ernie Pike	reporter
occupation	Dale McCormick (born January 17, 1947) is an American politician from the state of Maine who currently serves on the city council of Augusta.	Dale McCormick	politician
occupation	Johnny Lange (August 15, 1905 -- January 6, 2006) was an American songwriter, working mostly in the motion picture industry.	Johnny Lange	songwriter
occupation	Billy Charles Coody (born July 13, 1937) is an American professional golfer, best known for winning the 1971 Masters Tournament.	Charles Coody	golfer
occupation	Robert Daudelin (born May 31, 1939 in Bromont, Quebec) is a Canadian film administrator and historian, best known as the longtime director of the Cinémathèque québécoise.	Robert Daudelin	historian
occupation	Vilma Ripoll (born April 12, 1954) is an Argentine nurse and politician.	Vilma Ripoll	politician
occupation	Richard Coombs is a puppeteer from England, who has worked extensively on many British television shows, feature films, commercials, and music videos.	Richard Coombs	puppeteer
occupation	Francisco Arellano-Belloc (June 2, 1940 -- January 19, 1994) was an influential Mexican politician.	Francisco Arellano-Belloc	politician
occupation	Cneppyn Gwerthrynion (c. 13th century) was a Welsh poet and grammarian.	Cneppyn Gwerthrynion	poet
occupation	Eric Matheny is an actor, screenwriter and co-founder of The Acting Center LA.	Eric Matheny	actor
occupation	Mallory Weggemann (born March 26, 1989) is a Paralympic swimmer from the USA.	Mallory Weggemann	swimmer
occupation	Ian McLellan Hunter (August 8, 1915 -- March 5, 1991) was an English screenwriter, most noted for fronting for the blacklisted Dalton Trumbo as the credited writer of Roman Holiday in 1953.	Ian McLellan Hunter	screenwriter
occupation	Nathan Amos (Hebrew: נתן עמוס‎; born August 11, 1979) is an international rugby union player for Israel and TV Pforzheim in the Rugby-Bundesliga.	Nathan Amos	rugby union player
occupation	William George Medd (December 14, 1869 - March 27, 1951) was an Ontario agricultural businessman and politician.	William George Medd	politician
occupation	Jessica ``Jessie'' McKay (born 23 June 1989) is an Australian professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where she competes in its developmental territory WWE NXT under the ring name Billie Kay.	Billie Kay	professional wrestler
occupation	Gilbert de Beauregard Robinson (1906--1992) was a Canadian mathematician most famous for his work on combinatorics and representation theory of the symmetric groups, including the Robinson-Schensted algorithm.	Gilbert de Beauregard Robinson	mathematician
occupation	Joseph Rhodes, Jr. (August 14, 1947 -- November 7, 2013) was an American politician and activist.	Joseph Rhodes, Jr.	politician
occupation	Der von Kürenberg or Der Kürenberger (Kuerenberg, Kuerenberger, fl. mid-12th century) was a middle-ages poet, and one of the first named poets to write in the Middle High German language.	Der von Kürenberg	poet
occupation	Dirk Weiler is a German singer, actor, and musical theatre actor.	Dirk Weiler	singer	actor	musical theatre actor
occupation	Clarence Smith, better known as Pinetop Smith or Pine Top Smith (June 11, 1904 -- March 15, 1929) was an American boogie-woogie style blues pianist.	Pinetop Smith	pianist
occupation	Barrie Dunn is a Canadian actor, lawyer, film and television producer best known for his character Ray on the Canadian mockumentary television program Trailer Park Boys.	Barrie Dunn	lawyer
occupation	Catherine Crouch is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, cinematographer, and actor.	Catherine Crouch	film director
occupation	Manoah Leide-Tedesco (August 19, 1895 -- January 29, 1982) was an Italian-American composer, conductor and violinist.	Manoah Leide-Tedesco	composer	conductor	violinist
occupation	Steven Nicolas Romero (June 21, 1955 -- September 2, 1985) was an American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Jay Youngblood.	Jay Youngblood	professional wrestler
occupation	David Carrier (born 1944) is an American philosopher and art and culture critic.	David Carrier	philosopher
occupation	Yakir Ben Moshe (Hebrew: יקיר בן-משה‎; Born 1973) is an Israeli poet and, since 2000, editor of Beit Bialik, Tel Aviv.	Yakir Ben Moshe	poet
occupation	Joe Bonner (born April 20, 1948 -- November 20, 2014) was a hard bop and modal jazz jazz pianist, influenced by McCoy Tyner and Art Tatum.	Joe Bonner	pianist
occupation	Lida Persili (Lombardy, 19th century) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes.	Lida Persili	painter
occupation	Shahin Mustafayev Abdulla oglu (Azerbaijani: Şahin Mustafayev Abdulla oğlu; born June 13, 1965) is an Azerbaijani politician serving as the Minister of Economic Development.	Shahin Mustafayev	politician
occupation	Mehran Modiri (Persian: مهران مدیری ‎‎, born April 7, 1967) is a prolific Iranian actor, television director, comedian and musician.	Mehran Modiri	actor
occupation	Mohsen Emadi (Persian: محسن عمادی‎) (October 29, 1976) is an Iranian poet and translator.	Mohsen Emadi	poet	translator
occupation	Slim Whitaker (born Charles Whitaker July 29, 1893 -- June 27, 1960) was an American film actor.	Slim Whitaker	actor
occupation	Mohammed Bassiouni (died September 18, 2011) was an Egyptian military officer and diplomat.	Mohammed Bassiouni	diplomat
occupation	Elsie Fox (born November 27, 1902; died November 5, 1993, Nantucket, Massachusetts) was an American minor screenwriter in the 1930s.	Elsie Fox	screenwriter
occupation	The workshop of Brygos employed a red-figure vase painter who is conventionally called the Brygos Painter.	Brygos	vase painter
occupation	Matt Hayward is an Irish Dublin-based guitarist and songwriter.	Matt Hayward	songwriter
occupation	Professor Kenneth Rawnsley, CBE, (1926-1992) of University Hospital of Wales was an English psychiatrist who served as the president of the Royal College of Psychiatrists from 1981 to 1984.	Kenneth Rawnsley	psychiatrist
occupation	Canadian poet John Newlove published ``Inscription to Richard Jefferies on a Sarsen at Barbury'' in The Tasmanian Devil & Other Poems.	Richard Jefferies	poet
occupation	Levi Wells Prentice (December 18, 1851 -- November 28, 1935) was an American still life and landscape painter.	Levi Wells Prentice	painter
occupation	Ray Staff is a mastering engineer best known for his work with a diverse mix of artists including Led Zeppelin, The Rolling Stones, The Clash and Black Sabbath.	Ray Staff	mastering engineer
occupation	Edward Michael Trucco (born June 22, 1970) is an American actor known for his role as Samuel T. Anders on the reimagined Battlestar Galactica and his recurring role as Nick Podarutti in How I Met Your Mother.	Michael Trucco	actor
occupation	Edgar Warner Mann (November 18, 1851 - December 7, 1904) was an American lawyer and territorial legislator.	Edgar Warner Mann	lawyer
occupation	Relja Penezic is a painter, media artist, printmaker, photographer, and a filmmaker.	Relja Penezic	photographer
occupation	Sara Colleton is an American television and film producer.	Sara Colleton	film producer
occupation	Jack Hirschman (born December 13, 1933) is an American poet and social activist who has written more than 50 volumes of poetry and essays.	Jack Hirschman	poet
occupation	Lewis Hayden (December 2, 1811 -- April 7, 1889) was an African-American leader who escaped with his family from slavery in Kentucky; they moved to Boston, where he became an abolitionist and lecturer, businessman, and politician.	Lewis Hayden	politician
occupation	Nico Tatarowicz (born 23 April 1974) is a British actor and writer, known for The Armstrong and Miller Show (2007), Very Important People (2012), Crackanory (2013), Murder in Successville (2015-2016) .	Nico Tatarowicz	actor
occupation	Francis Aislabie (by 1515--57), of South Dalton, Yorkshire, was an English politician.	Francis Aislabie	politician
occupation	James Lawrence King (born December 20, 1927) is the senior United States federal judge in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida, and one of the longest serving federal judges in the entire United States.	James Lawrence King	judge
occupation	David F. Girard-diCarlo (b. 1942 near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American lawyer and former diplomat.	David F. Girard-diCarlo	lawyer	diplomat
occupation	Megan Mullins (born November 24, 1986, in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is an American country music singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.	Megan Mullins	singer, songwriter
occupation	Blair A. Rudes (May 18, 1951, Gloversville, New York -- March 16, 2008, Charlotte, North Carolina) was an American linguist known for his work on Native American languages.	Blair A. Rudes	linguist
occupation	Damien Reale (born 1981) is an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Limerick senior team.	Damien Reale	hurler
occupation	Pasuya Yao or Yao Wen-chih (Chinese: 姚文智; pinyin: Yáo Wénzhì; Wade--Giles: Yao Wen-chih) is a Taiwanese politician.	Pasuya Yao	politician
occupation	Eulalios was a famous Byzantine painter who lived during the 12th century, a time in which most art was done anonymously.	Eulalios	painter
occupation	Friend Humphrey (March 8, 1787 -- March 15, 1854) was an American merchant and politician from New York.	Friend Humphrey	politician
occupation	Burkhard Held is German painter living and working in Berlin, Germany.	Burkhard Held	painter
occupation	Orin Grant Libby (June 9, 1864, near Hammond, Wisconsin - March 29, 1952, Grand Forks, North Dakota) was an American historian.	Orin Grant Libby	historian
occupation	Elizabeth Partridge (born September 1, 1951) is an American writer, the author of more than a dozen books from young-adult nonfiction to picture books to photography books.	Elizabeth Partridge	writer
occupation	Carlos Hoenen was a German photographer who lived in Brazil during the 19th century.	Carlos Hoenen	photographer
occupation	Alice Leigh-Smith (née Prebil) was an English nuclear physicist.	Alice Leigh-Smith	physicist
occupation	Heinz Kiessling (March 11, 1926 -- December 27, 2003) was a German musician, conductor, composer and music producer, known mainly from his work for popular films and television programs.	Heinz Kiessling	composer
occupation	Vince Edwards (born Vincent Edward Zoine; July 9, 1928 -- March 11, 1996) was an American actor, director, and singer.	Vince Edwards	actor	singer
occupation	The grandson of politician M. Karunanidhi, Udhayanidhi Stalin entered the film industry as a film producer and distributor with his production studio, Red Giant Movies, and made films including Kuruvi (2008), Aadhavan (2009) and Manmadan Ambu (2010).	Udhayanidhi Stalin	politician	film producer
occupation	Mark Izu is an American jazz double bass player and composer.	Mark Izu	composer
occupation	Vittoria Puccini and Italian actor Alessandro Preziosi, who played her co-protagonist in Elisa di Rivombrosa, had a daughter together in 2006.	Vittoria Puccini	actor
occupation	Marilyn Wood is an American choreographer, intermedia artist, and dancer.	Marilyn Wood	choreographer
occupation	John William O'Neal, known as Bill O'Neal (born April 8, 1942), is an American author who has written forty-two books and more than three hundred articles and book reviews on the American West, including gunfighters, lawmen, and ghost towns;	Bill O'Neal	author
occupation	Vincent Pontare mostly known as Vincent (born 13 May 1980 in Solna, Stockholm County) is a Swedish singer and songwriter.	Vincent Pontare	singer	songwriter
occupation	Celeste Katz is a New York-based journalist who blogs daily about local politics on her New York Daily News blog The Daily Politics.	Celeste Katz	journalist
occupation	Maxwell Caulfield (born 23 November 1959) is a British-American film, stage, and television actor who is based in the United States.	Maxwell Caulfield	television actor
occupation	Steve Gong (traditional Chinese: 鞏睿; born June 16, 1985) is a London-based photojournalist whose work has exposed life in North Korea.	Steve Gong	photojournalist
occupation	Bill Harkleroad, known professionally as Zoot Horn Rollo (born January 8, 1949), is an American guitarist.	Zoot Horn Rollo	guitarist
occupation	Frank Bordoni is a British celebrity chef and member of the Guild of Food Writers.	Frank Bordoni	chef
occupation	Mayank Shekhar is an Indian film critic, journalist and author.	Mayank Shekhar	journalist	author
occupation	Harry Kurnitz (January 5, 1908 -- March 18, 1968) was an American playwright, novelist, and prolific screenwriter who wrote swashbucklers for Errol Flynn and comedies for Danny Kaye.	Harry Kurnitz	playwright	novelist	screenwriter
occupation	John S. Burgess (May 10, 1920 -- September 20, 2007) was a Vermont attorney and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives and Lieutenant Governor.	John S. Burgess	politician
occupation	Gene de Paul (June 17, 1919 -- February 27, 1988) was an American pianist, composer and songwriter.	Gene de Paul	composer	songwriter
occupation	Ranjit Singh Brahmpura an Indian politician who is a member of parliament from Khadoor Sahib (Lok Sabha constituency).	Ranjit Singh Brahmpura	politician
occupation	Pete Nischt (born Peter W. Nischt on October 15, 1986 in Ohio) is an American singer/songwriter and guitarist currently residing in Akron, Ohio.	Pete Nischt	singer
occupation	Billy Sands (January 6, 1911 - August 27, 1984) was an American character actor who appeared as a regular on The Phil Silvers Show (Sgt Bilko) as Pvt. Dino Papparelli and was a regular on McHale's Navy as Harrison ``Tinker'' Bell.	Billy Sands	actor
occupation	Cornelia Dahlgren is a Swedish singer, songwriter and producer known by the stage name Cornelia.	Cornelia Dahlgren	singer
occupation	Lee Nye (1926 -- November 11, 1999) was an American photographer best known for his series of photographs entitled Eddie's Club Collection that documents Missoula, Montana's working class inhabitants.	Lee Nye	photographer
occupation	Edward S. Casey (born February 24, 1939 in Topeka, Kansas) is an American philosopher and university professor.	Edward S. Casey	philosopher	university professor
occupation	Dr. Reba Som (born, Darjeeling, West Bengal) is an academic, historian, writer and classical singer from India.	Reba Som	historian
occupation	Roy C. Bennett (August 12, 1918 -- July 2, 2015) was an American songwriter known for the songs he wrote with Sid Tepper, which spawned several hits for Elvis Presley.	Roy C. Bennett	songwriter
occupation	Bhandit Thongdee (Thai: บัณฑิต ทองดี, born March 1, 1971) is a Thai film director, screenwriter and producer.	Bhandit Thongdee	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Marsha Miller (born January 15, 1969 in Rochester, New York) is a retired beach volleyball player from the United States, who won the silver medal in the women's beach team competition at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada, partnering Jenny Pavley.	Marsha Miller	volleyball player
occupation	Lynne Yelich PC (née Zdunich; born March 24, 1953) is a Canadian politician and was the Conservative MP for the former riding of Blackstrap and predecessor riding components, from 2000 to 2015.	Lynne Yelich	politician
occupation	Wayne Dobson (born 1957, Leicester, England) is an award-winning English magician who became well-known through various television appearances in the late 1980s and 1990s.	Wayne Dobson	magician
occupation	Grenville Dean Wilson (January 26, 1833 - September 20, 1897), was an American pianist and composer, who composed over 150 pieces, mostly for piano solo.	Grenville Dean Wilson	composer
occupation	Theresa Duncan (October 26, 1966 -- July 10, 2007) was an American video game designer, blogger, filmmaker and critic.	Theresa Duncan	game designer	blogger
occupation	Smilis (Ancient Greek: Σμῖλις) was a legendary ancient Greek sculptor, the contemporary of Daedalus, whose name was associated with the archaic cult figure of Hera at Samos.	Smilis	sculptor
occupation	Meredith Quartermain, née Yearsley (born October 1, 1950) is a Canadian poet, novelist and story writer who lives in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Meredith Quartermain	novelist
occupation	David James Elliott (born September 21, 1960) is a Canadian actor who was the star of the series JAG, playing lead character Harmon Rabb Jr. from 1995 to 2005.	David James Elliott	actor
occupation	Alan Gussow (May 8, 1931 -- May 5, 1997) was an American artist, teacher, author and conservationist devoted to and inspired by the natural environment.	Alan Gussow	artist
occupation	Luis Szarán is a Paraguayan musician, orchestra director, composer and musical researcher.	Luis Szarán	musician
occupation	Robert Lee McCollum (November 30, 1909 -- November 5, 1967) was an American blues musician, who played and recorded under the pseudonyms Robert Lee McCoy and Robert Nighthawk.	Robert Nighthawk	musician
occupation	John Rede (died 1404), of Checkendon, Oxfordshire, was an English politician.	John Rede (died 1404)	politician
occupation	Boogie Woogie Red (October 18, 1925 -- July 2, 1992) was an American Detroit blues, boogie-woogie and jazz pianist, singer and songwriter.	Boogie Woogie Red	singer
occupation	Cory Vitarelli (born June 30, 1985 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player who plays for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League and the Peterborough Lakers of Major Series Lacrosse.	Cory Vitarelli	lacrosse player
occupation	Imani Chyle is an American singer-songwriter and rapper, born and raised in Houston, Texas.	Imani Chyle	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ricardo Duchesne is a Canadian historical sociologist and professor at the University of New Brunswick.	Ricardo Duchesne	sociologist
occupation	Matt Garside is an English rugby league player who currently plays for London Broncos in the Kingstone Press Championship.	Matt Garside	rugby league player
occupation	Nora Lum is an American rapper and actress known by the stage name Awkwafina.	Awkwafina	rapper
occupation	Erica Salazar (September 30, 1969 -- March 11, 2013), better known by the stage name Erica Andrews, was a Mexican international and national beauty pageant title winner, drag performer, actor, entrepreneur, and activist.	Erica Andrews	actor
occupation	Aaron Collins (September 3, 1930 -- March 27, 1997) was an American rhythm and blues singer and songwriter, most active in the 1950s and 1960s.	Aaron Collins	songwriter
occupation	Sangre Azteca (Spanish for ``Aztec Blood'') (born October 5, 1975) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler currently working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).	Sangre Azteca	professional wrestler
occupation	António Lobo de Almada Negreiros (Alentejo, Aljustrel, Aljustrel, August 13, 1868 -- Paris, June 12, 1939), was an illustrious journalist and colonialist writer, essayist and poet.	António Lobo de Almada Negreiros	journalist
occupation	Joel Roth is a prominent American rabbi in the Rabbinical Assembly, which is the rabbinical body of Conservative Judaism.	Joel Roth	rabbi
occupation	Andrew Semple (June 10, 1837 -- January 22, 1916) was a Canadian grain merchant, miller, and politician.	Andrew Semple	politician
occupation	Zaskia Sungkar is an Indonesian actress, singer and dancer.	Zaskia Sungkar	singer
occupation	Horatio G. Brooks (October 30, 1828 -- April 20, 1887) worked as chief engineer for the New York and Erie Railroad (NY&E) until the railroad moved its steam locomotive maintenance facilities from Dunkirk, New York, to Buffalo, New York.	Horatio G. Brooks	engineer
occupation	Christine Balfa is a Cajun musician.	Christine Balfa	musician
occupation	Natascha Bessez (born December 20, 1986 in Manhattan, New York) is an American singer and beauty pageant titleholder, known for participating in Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 2014 and for winning Miss New York Teen USA 2005.	Natascha Bessez	singer
occupation	Erik Madigan Heck (born September 9, 1983) is an American artist and photographer.	Erik Madigan Heck	photographer
occupation	Jerry Wald (September 16, 1911 -- July 13, 1962) was an American screenwriter and a producer of films and radio programs.	Jerry Wald	screenwriter
occupation	Eduardo Villavicencio Peregrina (November 11, 1945 -- April 30, 1977), better known as Eddie Peregrina, was a singer and leading matinee idol of the 1970s.	Eddie Peregrina	singer
occupation	Maria Pia De Vito is an Italian jazz singer, composer, and arranger.	Maria Pia De Vito	singer	composer
occupation	Mridula Warrier (also known as Mridula Varier) is an Indian playback singer from Kerala.	Mridula Warrier	singer
occupation	Ruth Polsky (December 5, 1954 - September 7, 1986) was a pioneering booker and music promoter in New York City.	Ruth Polsky	music promoter
occupation	Jason Upton (born December 15, 1973) is an American Christian singer-songwriter and recording artist.	Jason Upton	singer-songwriter
occupation	Pascal Brandys (born November 30, 1958 in Roanne) is a French engineer and entrepreneur.	Pascal Brandys	engineer
occupation	Beat Furrer (born 6 December 1954) is an Austrian composer and conductor of Swiss birth.	Beat Furrer	composer
occupation	Eddy Cobiness, (July 17, 1933 -- January 1, 1996) was a Canadian artist.	Eddy Cobiness	artist
occupation	Thomas Kailath (born June 7, 1935) is an electrical engineer, information theorist, control engineer, entrepreneur and the Hitachi America Professor of Engineering, Emeritus, at Stanford University.	Thomas Kailath	engineer
occupation	Davey von Bohlen (born August 11, 1975) is an American musician and songwriter, best known for his roles as guitarist and vocalist in Cap'n Jazz, The Promise Ring, Vermont, and currently, Maritime.	Davey von Bohlen	musician
occupation	Harischandra Khemraj is a writer from Guyana.	Harischandra Khemraj	writer
occupation	Larry Booker (January 6, 1952 -- November 29, 2003) was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring names Moondog Spot and Larry Latham.	Moondog Spot	professional wrestler
occupation	Jan Pen (Lemmer, February 15, 1921 - Haren, February 14, 2010) was a Dutch economist, professor and columnist.	Jan Pen	economist	columnist
occupation	Frans Lehtonen (7 October 1859, Petäjävesi - 27 June 1920) was a Finnish blacksmith and politician.	Frans Lehtonen	politician
occupation	Denise Schmandt-Besserat (born August 10, 1933) is a French-American archaeologist and retired professor of art and archaeology of the ancient Near East.	Denise Schmandt-Besserat	archaeologist
occupation	Shanon Sexton, better known by her stage name Susan Sexton, is a former professional wrestler.	Susan Sexton	professional wrestler
occupation	Diogenes of Apollonia (/daɪˈɒdʒəˌniːz/; Greek: Διογένης ὁ Ἀπολλωνιάτης; fl. 425 BC) was an ancient Greek philosopher, and was a native of the Milesian colony Apollonia in Thrace.	Diogenes of Apollonia	philosopher
occupation	Byron Barrera Ortiz is a Guatemalan journalist noted for his reporting of human rights abuses by the Guatemalan government during and after the Guatemalan Civil War, for which he received repeated threats against his life.	Byron Barrera	journalist
occupation	Merrill Moore (1903 -- 1957) was an American psychiatrist and poet from Tennessee.	Merrill Moore	psychiatrist
occupation	Thomas Hurley Brents (December 24, 1840 -- October 23, 1916) was an American politician and attorney in the Pacific Northwest.	Thomas Hurley Brents	politician
occupation	Dick Schultz (born September 5, 1929), a native of Kellogg, Iowa, is the former head baseball and basketball coach at the University of Iowa and served as the executive director of the NCAA and USOC.	Dick Schultz	basketball coach
occupation	Emil Ábrányi (September 22, 1882 -- February 11, 1970) was a Hungarian composer, conductor, and opera director.	Emil Ábrányi	composer	conductor
occupation	René Joaquino Cabrera is a Bolivian politician and the founder the Social Alliance political party.	René Joaquino	politician
occupation	Abby Ginzberg has been an independent documentary film director and producer for the past 20 years, creating films that tackle discrimination and the legal profession.	Abby Ginzberg	film director
occupation	Mary Howarth was a British journalist and briefly a newspaper editor.	Mary Howarth	journalist
occupation	Jerry Newsom (born May 19, 1946) is a former American collegiate basketball player.	Jerry Newsom	basketball player
occupation	Sim Cain (born Simeon Cain McDonald, July 31, 1963) is an American drummer, best known as a member of the hard rock group Rollins Band from 1987 to 2000.	Sim Cain	drummer
occupation	Maggie Wu (Chinese: 吴亚馨) is a Taiwanese model and actress.	Maggie Wu	model
occupation	Mehrdad Khonsari (Persian: مهرداد خوانساری) born 30 September 1949 is a former Iranian diplomat and veteran politician and prominent Iranian opposition figure.	Mehrdad Khonsari	politician
occupation	Edmund Varney (June 6, 1778 in Amenia, Dutchess County, New York -- December 2, 1847 in Russia, Herkimer County, New York) was an American farmer and politician from New York.	Edmund Varney	politician
occupation	Raymond Walburn (September 9, 1887 -- July 26, 1969) was an American character actor who appeared in dozens of Hollywood comedies and an occasional dramatic role during the 1930s and 1940s.	Raymond Walburn	actor
occupation	Leonid Vladimirovich Kharitonov (Russian: Леонид Владимирович Харитонов) (1930--1987) was a Soviet actor whose stage name was Leonid Kharitonov.	Leonid Vladimirovich Kharitonov	actor
occupation	Sadri Alışık, born Mehmet Sadrettin Alışık (April 5, 1925 -- March 18, 1995), was a stage and movie actor.	Sadri Alışık	actor
occupation	Addison Burkhardt (August 12, 1879 -- January 25, 1937) was a librettist and lyricist from about 1903 to 1922 and a Hollywood script and scenario writer thereafter.	Addison Burkhardt	librettist
occupation	Aero Star (real name unrevealed; born October 22, 1984) is a Mexican luchador, which is a masked professional wrestler.	Aero Star	professional wrestler
occupation	When the band broke up in 2005 after an international tour with Megadeth, Lord Tim continued its legacy with another band he had created, LORD, for which he is singer, guitarist and principal songwriter.	Lord Tim	singer
occupation	Ronald Sapa Tlau is a Congress politician from Mizoram representing Mizoram in the Rajya Sabha.	Ronald Sapa Tlau	politician
occupation	Henri Pachard, Jackson St. Louis and Crystal Blue were the pseudonyms of the American film director Ron Sullivan (June 4, 1939 -- September 27, 2008).	Henri Pachard	film director
occupation	Epimenides of Knossos (Crete) (/ɛpᵻˈmɛnᵻdiːz/; Greek: Ἐπιμενίδης) was a semi-mythical 7th or 6th century BC Greek seer and philosopher-poet.	Epimenides	philosopher	poet
occupation	Josh Abraham is an American record producer, songwriter, and music executive.	Josh Abraham	record producer
occupation	Sam Abell (born 1945 in Sylvania, Ohio) is an American photographer known for his frequent publication of photographs in National Geographic.	Sam Abell	photographer
occupation	Michelle Facos (born February 25, 1955) is an American art historian, Professor of the History of Art at Indiana University, Bloomington.	Michelle Facos	art historian
occupation	Czesław Dźwigaj (born June 18, 1950 in Nowy Wiśnicz) is a Polish artist, sculptor, and professor.	Czesław Dźwigaj	sculptor
occupation	Theodore Hamberg (Chinese: 韓山明 or 韓山文), was a Swedish missionary and author active in China.	Theodore Hamberg	missionary
occupation	Wei Yung (Chinese: 魏鏞; pinyin: Wèi Yōng) was a politician in the Republic of China.	Wei Yung	politician
occupation	Craig Veroni is a South African born Canadian actor from Vancouver.	Craig Veroni	actor
occupation	Juan Carlos Alvarado (born December 28, 1968 in Guatemala) is a Christian pop singer, known for songs such as:	Juan Carlos Alvarado	singer
occupation	Ludwig Roth (June 10, 1909 -- November 10, 1967) was the Aerospace engineer who was the head of the Peenemünde Future Projects Office which designed the Wasserfall and created advanced rockets designs such as the A9/A10 ICBM.	Ludwig Roth	engineer
occupation	William Symes Andrews (1847 -- July 1, 1929) was an Edison Pioneer, electrical engineer, and one of the first employees of the General Electric Company.	William Symes Andrews	engineer
occupation	Carlos Molina (born November 18, 1985, in Commerce, California) is an American professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division.	Carlos Molina	boxer
occupation	Frank Toledo (born April 12, 1970) is an American boxer who held the International Boxing Federation (IBF) featherweight championship in 2001.	Frank Toledo	boxer
occupation	Joseph Barrell (December 15, 1869 -- May 4, 1919) was an American geologist who developed many ideas on the origins of the Earth, isostasy and ideas on the origins of sedimentary rocks.	Joseph Barrell	geologist
occupation	Robert Carl (born July 12, 1954 in Bethesda, Maryland) is an American composer who currently resides in Hartford, Connecticut, where he is chair of the composition department at the Hartt School, University of Hartford.	Robert Carl	composer
occupation	Matthew Hannan (born March 23, 1988) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Matthew Justice.	Matthew Justice	professional wrestler
occupation	Byron Chung is a Korean actor who has guest-starred in several television series and mainstream films.	Byron Chung	actor
occupation	Cartmell John Alexander Rettie (born November 24, 1925 in Colombo, Ceylon), known as John Rettie was a British newspaper journalist and broadcaster.	John Rettie	journalist
occupation	Tara Flanagan is an American Superior Court Judge and former rugby union player.	Tara Flanagan	rugby union player
occupation	Felicity Brown is an English-born fashion designer, living and working in London in the United Kingdom.	Felicity Brown	fashion designer
occupation	Halli Krzyzaniak (born February 4, 1995) is a Canadian women's ice hockey player that has competed for the Canadian National Women's Under 18 team.	Halli Krzyzaniak	ice hockey player
occupation	Ben Mikaelsen (born December 8, 1952) is a Bolivian American writer of children's literature.	Ben Mikaelsen	writer
occupation	Noelle Bassi (married name: Noelle Bassi Smith; born December 1, 1983) is a butterfly swimmer from the United States, who won the silver medal in the women's 200m butterfly event at the 2003 Pan American Games.	Noelle Bassi	swimmer
occupation	Ernst Pöppel (born 1940) is a German psychologist and neuroscientist Pöppel was born in Schwessin, Farther Pomerania.	Ernst Pöppel	psychologist	neuroscientist
occupation	Karl Sack studied law in Heidelberg where he joined a Burschenschaft (Burschenschaft Vineta) and after a time in legal practice became a judge in Hesse.	Karl Sack	judge
occupation	Faruq Z. Bey (born Jesse Davis, February 4, 1942 -- June 1, 2012) was an American jazz saxophonist and composer from Detroit, Michigan.	Faruq Z. Bey	composer
occupation	Paul Georges (Paul G Georges, Paul Gordon Georges) (June 15, 1923 -- April 16, 2002) was an American painter.	Paul Georges	painter
occupation	Koichiro Harada (born 1941) is a Japanese mathematician working on finite group theory.	Koichiro Harada	mathematician
occupation	Józef Spors (August 13, 1941 -- June 13, 1992) was a Polish historian, specializing in the medieval History of Poland and its northern region - Pomerania.	Józef Spors	historian
occupation	Kat Goldman is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Toronto, Ontario.	Kat Goldman	singer-songwriter
occupation	K. Subash (birth name Shankar Krishnan) works in Indian film industry as film director and Screenwriter who directs Tamil and Hindi films.	K. Subash	film director
occupation	Bojana Atanasovska (Macedonian: Бојана Атанасовска), better known by her stage name of Bojana, is popular Macedonian pop singer and songwriter.	Bojana Atanasovska	singer
occupation	Gloria Lisé (March 22, 1961-- ) is an Argentine writer, lawyer, professor, and an accomplished musician.	Gloria Lisé	writer	lawyer
occupation	Gerry Kirwan is an Irish head chef.	Gerry Kirwan	chef
occupation	Alexander Davidis is a German born television director, writer and producer.	Alexander Davidis	television director
occupation	Vivan Bhatena is an Indian television actor & model.	Vivan Bhatena	actor	model
occupation	Adam Dunkels, Ph.D., is a Swedish entrepreneur, programmer and founder of Thingsquare.	Adam Dunkels	entrepreneur
occupation	Torchy Blane is a fictional female reporter who appeared in a series of light ``B'' films during the late 1930s, which were mixtures of mystery, action, adventure and fun.	Torchy Blane	reporter
occupation	César Calvo Soriano (26 July 1940 -- August 2000) was a Peruvian poet, journalist, and author.	César Calvo	poet	journalist
occupation	Martin Block (February 3, 1903 -- September 18, 1967) was an American disc jockey.	Martin Block	disc jockey
occupation	Pauline Gedge (born December 11, 1945) is a Canadian novelist best known for her historical fiction trilogies, Lords of the Two Lands and The King's Men.	Pauline Gedge	novelist
occupation	Jose Panachippuram (born August 24, 1951 in Kottayam District, Kerala, India) is a noted short story writer, novelist and journalist in Malayalam.	Jose Panachippuram	writer	journalist
occupation	George Hatch was a Democratic politician, who served as Mayor of the City of Cincinnati, Ohio, during the American Civil War from 1861 to 1863.	George Hatch	politician
occupation	B. E. Devaraj was a translator who pioneered the Lambadi version of the New Testament.	B. E. Devaraj	translator
occupation	Eddie Kohler is a computer scientist specializing in networking and operating systems.	Eddie Kohler	computer scientist
occupation	Andreas de Silva (fl. 1520) was a composer, possibly Portuguese or Spanish, who is known mainly from inclusion of five motets in the Medici Codex.	Andreas de Silva	composer
occupation	Nicoletto da Torino (Occitan: Nic(c)olet de Turin or Nicolez de Turrin) was a Piedmontese jongleur and troubadour of the first half of the thirteenth century, probably from Turin, though some believe that to be his father's name.	Nicoletto da Torino	troubadour
occupation	Aimé Félix Tschiffely (May 7, 1895 -- January 5, 1954) was a Swiss-born, Argentine professor, writer, and adventurer.	Aimé Félix Tschiffely	writer
occupation	Sandra Bowden (born 1943) is an artist and painter from New York and was president from 1993 to 2007, of ``Christians in the Visual Arts''.	Sandra Bowden	painter
occupation	Deborah Burton (born 1954) is an American music theorist, pianist, and academic.	Deborah Burton	music theorist
occupation	Michael Francis Ward (1845-17 June 1881) was an Irish doctor, surgeon, politician and nationalist MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and as member of the Home Rule League represented Galway Borough from 1874 until 1880.	Michael Francis Ward	politician
occupation	Daniel Davis (born November 26, 1945) is an American stage, screen, and television actor.	Daniel Davis	television actor
occupation	Gaius Sallustius Crispus, usually anglicised as Sallust (/ˈsæləst/; 86 -- c. 35 BC), was a Roman historian, politician, and novus homo from a provincial plebeian family.	Sallust	historian	politician
occupation	Michael C. Flessas (born June 2, 1959 in Miami, Florida), is the birth name of American actor Michael Flessas, who is of Greek ancestry.	Michael Flessas	actor
occupation	Nawang Khechog (Tibetan: ངག་དབང་མཁས་མཆོག་, Wylie: Nga-dbang Mkhas-mchog; also known as Nawang Khechong) is a Tibetan flute player and composer.	Nawang Khechog	composer
occupation	Clay Eager (August 8, 1925 -- March 7, 1995) was the stage name of Wilbur Clay Eagy Jr., a rockabilly and country music singer of the 1950s.	Clay Eager	singer
occupation	Jordyn Taylor is an American pop singer-songwriter and model.	Jordyn Taylor	singer	model
occupation	Cabut was a staff cartoonist and shareholder at Charlie Hebdo.	Cabu	cartoonist
occupation	Ian Lorimer is a television director, most noted for being the director for the British panel game QI.	Ian Lorimer	television director
occupation	Derek Fowlds (born 2 September 1937) is an English actor, known for playing Bernard Woolley in popular British television comedies Yes, Minister and Yes, Prime Minister and Oscar Blaketon in the long-running ITV police drama Heartbeat.	Derek Fowlds	actor
occupation	Marc Barrow (born May 7, 1965) is a French pornographic actor.	Marc Barrow	pornographic actor
occupation	Xavier Fourcade (September 20, 1926 -- April 28, 1987) was a French American contemporary art dealer and proprietor of the Xavier Fourcade Gallery in Manhattan.	Xavier Fourcade	art dealer
occupation	Yehuda Poliker (Hebrew: יהודה פוליקר; born December 25, 1950) is an Israeli singer, songwriter, musician, and painter.	Yehuda Poliker	singer
occupation	Alfred Mechtersheimer is a former Bundestag member and Neue Rechte politician and author.	Alfred Mechtersheimer	politician
occupation	Mario Maurer (Thai: มาริโอ้ เมาเร่อ, Thai pronunciation: (maːríʔôː mawrɤ̂ː), German pronunciation: (ˈmaːʁio ˈmaʊ̯ʁɐ); born December 4, 1988) is a Thai model and actor.	Mario Maurer	actor
occupation	Silvia Richards was a screenwriter who worked on a number of films in the 1940s and 1950s, including the film noir Ruby Gentry and the Western Rancho Notorious.	Silvia Richards	screenwriter
occupation	Farrad also starred in artist, David Raleigh's music video for the single ``I Do'' produced by singer/songwriter Nathan Leigh Jones and mixed by New York producer J Chris Griffin.	Farrad	singer
occupation	Michelle Cartlidge is an English writer and illustrator.	Michelle Cartlidge	writer
occupation	Edward Senzo Mchunu is a South African politician who has served as Premier of KwaZulu-Natal since 22 August 2013 (as acting Premier until 26 September).	Senzo Mchunu	politician
occupation	Âşık Veysel Şatıroğlu (October 25, 1894 -- March 21, 1973), commonly known simply as Âşık Veysel, was a Turkish minstrel and highly regarded poet of the Turkish folk literature.	Âşık Veysel Şatıroğlu	poet
occupation	Garrett Hines (born July 3, 1969) is an American bobsledder who has competed from the late 1990s to the early 2000s.	Garrett Hines	bobsledder
occupation	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar is an Indian director, actor, screen writer and a lyricist who predominantly works in Kannada Cinema.	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar	actor
occupation	Victor Rebengiuc (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈviktor rebenˈd͡ʒjuk); known in full as Victor-George Rebengiuc; born February 10, 1933) is an award-winning Romanian film and stage actor, also known as a civil society activist.	Victor Rebengiuc	actor
occupation	Richard of Vaucelles was an English Cistercian monk, who was appointed by St. Bernard as the second abbot of the Vaucelles Abbey, France.	Richard of Vaucelles	monk
occupation	Gustavo Aguilar, a.k.a. ``El Manotas'', was a Mexican actor.	Gustavo Aguilar	actor
occupation	Giselle Zado Wasfie is a journalist and author who currently runs the blog ``Imaginary Frend''.	Giselle Zado Wasfie	journalist
occupation	William Reginald Hipwell or Reg Hipwell was a left wing journalist and parliamentary candidate.	William Reginald Hipwell	journalist
occupation	André Elissen (born February 12, 1960 in Frechen, Germany) is a former Dutch politician and consultant as well as police officer.	André Elissen	politician
occupation	Edmund Pearson Dole (1850--1928) was a lawyer from New England who served as the first Attorney General of the Territory of Hawaii, and argued a case up to the U.S. Supreme Court.	Edmund Pearson Dole	lawyer
occupation	As well as being an explorer, Antony Jinman is a climate change educator.	Antony Jinman	explorer
occupation	Joelle Fishman is an American politician, writer and editor.	Joelle Fishman	politician
occupation	Janet Collins (March 7, 1917 in New Orleans, Louisiana -- May 28, 2003 in Fort Worth, Texas) was a ballet dancer, choreographer, and teacher.	Janet Collins	ballet dancer
occupation	Mica Roberts (born in Locust Grove, Oklahoma) is an American country music artist signed to Show Dog Nashville, a vanity label owned by country singer Toby Keith.	Mica Roberts	singer
occupation	Dave Nicholas is the UK's only resident cinema organist and after 20 years is the longest serving organist at the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall.	Dave Nicholas	organist
occupation	Matt Malloy (born January 12, 1963) is an American actor and producer who has appeared extensively on television, film, and radio.	Matt Malloy	actor
occupation	Melvyn Edouard Hesselberg (April 5, 1901 -- August 4, 1981), better known as Melvyn Douglas, was an American actor.	Melvyn Douglas	actor
occupation	Hadi Soesastro (April 30, 1945 -- May 4, 2010) was an Indonesian economist, academic and public intellectual.	Hadi Soesastro	economist
occupation	Bayless Conley is an American pastor and television personality who hosts Answers With Bayless Conley on television.	Bayless Conley	pastor
occupation	Ottone Calderari (1730--1803) was an Italian architect and writer of architectural design.	Ottone Calderari	architect
occupation	Søren Schou better known by his stage name Pharfar is a Danish reggae/dancehall-musician, and best known as a part of Bikstok Røgsystem.	Pharfar	musician
occupation	Maria do Nascimento da Graça Amorim is a diplomat and politician from São Tomé and Príncipe.	Maria do Nascimento da Graça Amorim	diplomat	politician
occupation	Ann Medina is a Canadian television journalist and documentary producer.	Ann Medina	journalist
occupation	Robert Van-Liew (born June 7, 1986), better known by his stage name DJ DX, is an American rapper, turntablist, singer, songwriter, and record producer, born and raised in Jersey City, New Jersey.	DJ DX	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Nicola Torriani was a 17th-century Italian architect.	Nicola Torriani	architect
occupation	David Ellery is a television producer, director and writer, author and ship historian based in Hampshire.	David Ellery	television producer	writer
occupation	Walter S. Arnold (born in Chicago, Illinois) is an American stone carver and sculptor best known for his gargoyles.	Walter S. Arnold	sculptor
occupation	Anna Mary Howitt, wife of Alfred Alaric Watts, the biographer of her father and author of An Art-Student in Munich, who died on a visit to her mother in Tirol in 1884; and Margaret Howitt, the writer of the Life of Fredrika Bremer and of the memoir of her own mother.	Mary Howitt	writer
occupation	Brian Knorr (born December 20, 1963 in Shawnee Mission, Kansas) is a college football head coach and Defensive Coordinator.	Brian Knorr	head coach
occupation	Nikhil D'Souza is an Indian playback singer, songwriter and guitarist.	Nikhil D'Souza	singer
occupation	Neil Merryweather (born Robert Neilson Lillie on December 27, 1945 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian rock singer, bass player and songwriter.	Neil Merryweather	singer
occupation	The Masoretes (Hebrew: בעלי המסורה, ba'alei hamasorah) were groups of Jewish scribe-scholars who worked between the 6th and 10th centuries CE, based primarily in present-day Israel in the cities of Tiberias and Jerusalem, as well as in Iraq (Babylonia).	Masoretes	scribe
occupation	Will Black is an English writer and journalist with a background in anthropology and mental health care.	Will Black	journalist
occupation	Salvatore Diomante is an automobile engineer and restorer, best known as Bizzarrini's factory manager in the 1960s.	Salvatore Diomante	engineer
occupation	Oadline Truitt (born August 2, 1940) is an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2006 to 2008, where she represented the 28th legislative district.	Oadline Truitt	politician
occupation	John Michael Spivey (commonly known as Mike Spivey) is a British computer scientist at the University of Oxford.	Michael Spivey	computer scientist
occupation	Kat Long (born Kathryn Noel Long, December 31, 1974 in Silver Spring, Maryland) is an American journalist, author, and social historian.	Kat Long	journalist
occupation	Rohit Jhalani (born 1 September 1978, Jaipur, Rajasthan) is a Rajasthan cricketer who plays Indian domestic cricket.	Rohit Jhalani	cricketer
occupation	Gale Tattersall (born 1948) is a British filmmaker, cinematographer and founder of the HDD SLR Workshops in Santa Monica, California.	Gale Tattersall	cinematographer
occupation	Reza Negarestani is an Iranian philosopher and writer, known for ``pioneering the genre of 'theory-fiction' with his book'' Cyclonopedia which was published in 2008.	Reza Negarestani	philosopher
occupation	David Berenstein is a Colombian theoretical physicist and professor at University of California, Santa Barbara, USA.	David Berenstein	physicist
occupation	George Post Wheeler (August 6, 1869 -- December 23, 1956) was an American journalist, writer and career diplomat.	Post Wheeler	journalist	diplomat
occupation	Jimmy Tubbs (February 16, 1950 -- May 9, 2009) was a college basketball coach.	Jimmy Tubbs	basketball coach
occupation	Max Spicker (August 16, 1858 -- October 15, 1912) was a German American organist, conductor and composer.	Max Spicker	conductor	composer
occupation	Zhu Houren (Chinese: 朱厚任) is a Singaporean MediaCorp actor, most notable for his role in Wok of Life.	Zhu Houren	actor
occupation	Virgilio Martínez Véliz (born August 31, 1977) is a Peruvian chef and restaurateur.	Virgilio Martínez Véliz	chef
occupation	John Corson (born April 4, 1971), better known by the ring name John Zandig, is an American professional wrestler and promoter.	John Zandig	professional wrestler
occupation	Muhib Efendi was an Ottoman Empire ambassador to the court of Napoleon I in Paris in the early 19th century, between 1806 to 1811.	Muhib Efendi	ambassador
occupation	Martijn Koster (born ca 1970) is a Dutch software engineer noted for his pioneering work on Internet searching.	Martijn Koster	engineer
occupation	Ruth von Mayenburg (July 1, 1907 -- June 26, 1993) was an Austrian journalist, writer and translator.	Ruth von Mayenburg	translator
occupation	Leila Cobo is a Colombian television show host, a novelist, a pianist, and a journalist.	Leila Cobo	journalist
occupation	Giacomo Carissimi (baptized April 18, 1605 -- January 12, 1674) was an Italian composer and music teacher.	Giacomo Carissimi	composer
occupation	Charles Rumford Walker, Jr. (July 31, 1894 -- November 26, 1974) was an American historian, political scientist and novelist.	Charles Rumford Walker	political scientist	novelist
occupation	Gordie Gillespie (April 14, 1926 -- February 28, 2015) was an American baseball, football and basketball coach.	Gordie Gillespie	basketball coach
occupation	Jetrin Wattanasin (Thai: เจตริน วรรธนะสิน; rtgs: Chettarin Watthanasin) or ``J Jetrin'' is a Thai pop musician and actor.	Jetrin Wattanasin	actor
occupation	David of Ashby (fl. 1260 -- 1275) was an English-born Dominican friar who was sent from the Holy Land city of Acre to the Mongol ruler Hulagu in 1260, by the Papal legate Thomas Agni de Lentino.	David of Ashby	friar
occupation	Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry is a Pakistani politician, and parliamentarian.	Tariq Fazal Chaudhry	politician
occupation	Clyde Davenport (b. October 21, 1921) is an old-time fiddler and banjo player from Monticello, Kentucky.	Clyde Davenport	fiddler
occupation	Mike Inez (born May 14, 1966) is an American rock musician best known for his role as the bassist of Alice in Chains since 1993.	Mike Inez	musician	bassist
occupation	Joan Dunayer is a writer, editor, and animal rights advocate.	Joan Dunayer	writer	editor
occupation	John na Seoltadh Ó Máille, Gaelic-Irish Lord and sailor, fl.	John na Seoltadh Ó Máille	sailor
occupation	Alina Dumitru (Romanian pronunciation: (aˈlina duˈmitru); born August 30, 1982 in Bucharest) is a Romanian judoka, one-time Olympic champion and eight-time European champion.	Alina Dumitru	judoka
occupation	Lonnie Graham is a fine art photographer, professor, installation artist, and cultural activist investigating the methods by which the arts can be used to achieve tangible meaning in peoples lives.	Lonnie Graham	photographer
occupation	Domenico di Zanobi, also Master of the Johnson Nativity, (fl. 1460-1499) was an Italian painter.	Domenico di Zanobi	painter
occupation	Marianne Hettinger is a German-American film director, writer, actor and dancer.	Marianne Hettinger	film director	actor
occupation	Lamar Dodd (September 22, 1909 - September 26, 1996) was a U.S. painter whose work reflected a love of the American South.	Lamar Dodd	painter
occupation	Nikolai Grozni, (born Nikolay Grozdinski, Bulgarian: Николай Гроздински, March 28, 1973) is a multilingual Bulgarian-American novelist, short-story writer and musician.	Nikolai Grozni	novelist
occupation	Ingo Glass (1941) well known as a sculptor.	Ingo Glass	sculptor
occupation	John Kopchick is a molecular biologist and co-inventor of the drug Somavert (Pegvisomant), which has improved the lives of acromegalic individuals around the world.	John Kopchick	biologist
occupation	Sam Rosenthal (born November 1973) is an American musician, composer, artist, and novelist.	Sam Rosenthal	musician
occupation	Cheryl Gates McFadden (born March 2, 1949), usually credited as Gates McFadden, is an American actress and choreographer.	Gates McFadden	choreographer
occupation	William Shankland Andrews (September 25, 1858 in Syracuse, New York - August 5, 1936 in Syracuse, NY) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	William Shankland Andrews	lawyer
occupation	Matthew Kennard (born 27 May 1983 in London) is a London-based British journalist who has previously written for the Leeds Student, Daily Bruin, Bulb magazine, New Statesman, The Guardian and the ``Financial Times''.	Matthew Kennard	journalist
occupation	Vanessa Raw (born 28 September 1984 in Hexham) is an English professional triathlete, member of the British Olympic Triathlon Academy Squad and a recognized artist.	Vanessa Raw	triathlete
occupation	Aljoscha Pause is a German filmmaker, director, TV journalist, writer and producer.	Aljoscha Pause	journalist
occupation	Floyd Buckley (October 21, 1877 - November 14, 1956) was an American film and radio actor.	Floyd Buckley	actor
occupation	David Soul (born August 28, 1943) is an American-British actor and singer.	David Soul	actor	singer
occupation	Kevin Schon (born February 7, 1958) is an American voice actor, producer, and energy entrepreneur with extensive credits in nearly every area of voice work.	Kevin Schon	actor
occupation	Andrew Stewart-Jones is an English actor, best-known for playing the role of Crispus Allen in Gotham.	Andrew Stewart-Jones	actor
occupation	Robert Wiedmaier is a German-born Belgian American chef.	Robert Wiedmaier	chef
occupation	Raymond Gafner was also known as a writer, publishing 6 sport related books between 1983 and 1993.	Raymond Gafner	writer
occupation	Gerry Burke is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Offaly senior team.	Gerry Burke	hurler
occupation	Charles Knowlton (May 10, 1800 -- February 20, 1850) was an American physician, atheist and writer.	Charles Knowlton	writer
occupation	Paul Ingles (born August 7, 1956 in Washington, D.C.) is an award-winning radio producer, reporter and consultant who has been working in radio since 1975.	Paul Ingles	radio producer
occupation	Wong Yat-fei is a Hong Kong cinema actor who has acted in numerous Cantonese films.	Wong Yat-fei	actor
occupation	Nelson Colón is a Puerto Rican basketball coach, currently with the Leones de Ponce of the Baloncesto Superior Nacional league.	Nelson Colón	basketball coach
occupation	Cole Williams (born Christopher Cole Williams on July 28, 1981) is an American film and TV actor.	Cole Williams	actor
occupation	Osman Nuri Tekeli (born 1893, date of death unknown) was a Turkish bureaucrat, who served as the governor of several provinces.	Osman Nuri Tekeli	bureaucrat
occupation	Michael Voudouris (born March 26, 1960) is an American-born Greek skeleton racer.	Michael Voudouris	skeleton racer
occupation	Henry Tandey was born in Leamington, Warwickshire, the son of a former soldier.	Henry Tandey	soldier
occupation	John Beaird (April 9, 1953 -- July 9, 1993) was a screenwriter and film producer.	John Beaird	screenwriter
occupation	Tajai Massey, known by the stage name, Tajai (born April 21, 1975), is an American rapper and producer.	Tajai	rapper
occupation	Royce Glenn Sutton (September 28, 1937 -- April 17, 2007) was an American country music songwriter and producer.	Glenn Sutton	songwriter
occupation	Carmel Buckingham (born 21 May 1998) is a Slovak-American singer and the lead singer of pop-punk group The House United based in Nashville .	Carmel Buckingham	singer
occupation	Ina Fried (born December 17, 1974), formerly Ian Fried, is an American journalist for Re/code.	Ina Fried	journalist
occupation	Chandranath Singha is an Indian politician and the present Minister for fisheries in the Government of West Bengal.	Chandranath Singha	politician
occupation	Taylor Brook (born 1985) is a composer of contemporary classical music who currently resides in New York City.	Taylor Brook	composer
occupation	Thomas G. Shanks (born April 9, 1942 in Lima, Ohio) is an American computer programmer, author, and time zone history researcher.	Thomas G. Shanks	programmer
occupation	Ricardo Conord was an Argentine architect and art director.	Ricardo Conord	architect
occupation	Vitali Krylov is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category B2 events.	Vitali Krylov	swimmer
occupation	Becky Umeh is a Nigerian artistic director, choreographer, singer, actress, and dancer.	Becky Umeh	singer
occupation	Hiroshi Kashiwagi is a Nisei (second-generation Japanese American) poet, playwright and actor.	Hiroshi Kashiwagi	actor
occupation	Hu Jun (born March 18, 1968) is a Chinese actor best known for playing dramatic roles in various films and television series.	Hu Jun	actor
occupation	Edward Padula (January 24, 1916 -- November 1, 2001) was an American theatre producer, stage manager, and occasional director and writer.	Edward Padula	writer
occupation	Valery Havard (February 18, 1846 -- November 6, 1927), was a career army officer, physician, author, and botanist.	Valery Havard	botanist
occupation	Jin-Shan Wang (Traditional Chinese: 王錦山; Simplified Chinese: 王锦山; Pinyin: Wáng Jǐn-Shān; born July 6, 1962 -), is a Chinese organic chemist.	Jin-Shan Wang	chemist
occupation	Rick Goodman is a video game developer and the founder and owner of the now-defunct Stainless Steel Studios.	Rick Goodman	video game developer
occupation	Cary Grace is an American recording artist, singer, songwriter, musician, and record producer.	Cary Grace	singer, songwriter
occupation	Stefan Hoenerloh is a contemporary German-born painter of cityscapes.	Stefan Hoenerloh	painter
occupation	Janice Laking, née McCuaig, is a retired Canadian politician, who served as mayor of Barrie, Ontario from 1988 to 2000.	Janice Laking	politician
occupation	Eddie Kane (August 12, 1889 -- April 30, 1969) was an American actor who appeared in over 250 productions from 1928 to 1959.	Eddie Kane	actor
occupation	Nial J. Wheate (PhD, FRACI, CChem, FHEA) is an Australian pharmaceutical chemist at the University of Sydney.	Nial J. Wheate	chemist
occupation	Daniel Browning Smith, also known as The Rubberboy (born May 8, 1979), is an American contortionist, actor, television host, comedian, sports entertainer, and stuntman, who holds the title of the most flexible person in history, owning a total of seven Guinness World Records.	Daniel Browning Smith	actor
occupation	Martin David Kruskal (/ˈkrʌskəl/; September 28, 1925 -- December 26, 2006) was an American mathematician and physicist.	Martin David Kruskal	mathematician	physicist
occupation	Hermine Demoriane (Hermine, Hermine Williams) is a French singer, writer and former tightrope walker.	Hermine Demoriane	singer
occupation	Steve Platt is a British journalist and former editor of the New Statesman magazine (in the period when it was known as New Statesman and Society).	Steve Platt	journalist
occupation	W. C. Heinz (January 11, 1915 -- February 27, 2008), born Wilfred Charles Heinz, was an American sportswriter, war correspondent, journalist, and author.	W. C. Heinz	journalist
occupation	Emme Wong Yee-Man is a Cantopop singer based in Hong Kong.	Emme Wong	singer
occupation	Władysław Tempka (August 22, 1889 in Kraków -- June 12, 1940 in Auschwitz) was a Polish politician and lawyer.	Władysław Tempka	politician
occupation	Francisco Otaviano de Almeida Rosa (June 26, 1825 -- June 28, 1889) was a Brazilian poet, lawyer, diplomat, journalist and politician.	Francisco Otaviano	diplomat	journalist	politician
occupation	Herbie Laughton is a country singer from Alice Springs, Northern Territory.	Herbie Laughton	singer
occupation	Ewert Janssen or Evert Janssen (died c. 1692) was a Danish architect who became a royal masterbuilder in 1668.	Ewert Janssen	architect
occupation	Roger de Beaufeu or Bello Fago (fl. 1297-1308), judge, was probably of the same family as Nicholas de Beaufo of Beaufo's Manor, Norfolk, a contemporary of the judge.	Roger de Beaufeu	judge
occupation	Sabeer Bhatia (born 30 December 1968) is an Indian entrepreneur who founded the webmail company Hotmail.com.	Sabeer Bhatia	entrepreneur
occupation	Francisco Accioly Rodrigues da Costa Filho (Paranaguá, March 5, 1920 - Curitiba, November 13, 1979) was a lawyer, Professor, and Brazilian politician.	Francisco Accioly Rodrigues da Costa Filho	politician
occupation	Lázaro Jaime Zilberman (born June 12, 1947), known as Marcelo Araujo, is an Argentine sports journalist.	Marcelo Araujo	journalist
occupation	Richard Winkler (June 26, 1969) is a Swedish painter and sculptor.	Richard Winkler	painter
occupation	Silke Ackermann is a German museum curator and historian of science who has worked in Germany and England.	Silke Ackermann	historian
occupation	Jonathan Healy (born October 10, 1945 in Greenfield, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 1st Franklin district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1971--1993 and served as the state's Commissioner of Food and Agriculture from 1993--2003.	Jonathan Healy	politician
occupation	Jonas Nay (born September 20, 1990) is a German actor and musician, notable for starring in the first German language TV series shown on American television, Deutschland 83	Jonas Nay	actor
occupation	Fatima Meer (1928--2010) was a South African writer, academic, screenwriter, and prominent anti-apartheid activist.	Fatima Meer	writer
occupation	Jay Preston Barnes (August 9, 1869-May 8, 1943) was an American politician who served as Mayor of Pittsfield, Massachusetts.	Jay Preston Barnes	politician
occupation	Barbara Kopple (born July 30, 1946) is an American film director known primarily for her documentary work.	Barbara Kopple	film director
occupation	Elsa Rendschmidt (January 11, 1886 -- October 9, 1969) was a German figure skater and the first German woman to win a medal at the Olympic Games.	Elsa Rendschmidt	figure skater
occupation	Jack Pepper (born Edward Jackson Culpepper, June 14, 1902 -- April 1, 1979) was an American vaudeville dancer, singer, comedian, musician, and later in life a Dallas, Texas nightclub manager.	Jack Pepper	singer
occupation	Benjamin Stockham (born July 8, 2000) is an American television and film actor, best known for his role of Robby Gunderson in the 2010 FOX sit-com Sons of Tucson, and previously starred as Xander Gilchrist in the NBC sit-com 1600 Penn.	Benjamin Stockham	actor
occupation	Nel Noddings (/ˈnɑːdɪŋz/; born January 19, 1929) is an American feminist, educationalist, and philosopher best known for her work in philosophy of education, educational theory, and ethics of care.	Nel Noddings	philosopher
occupation	Samuel Burk Burnett (1849--1922) was an American cattleman and rancher from Texas.	Samuel Burk Burnett	rancher
occupation	Gagik Tsarukyan () is an Armenian businessman and politician.	Gagik Tsarukyan	politician
occupation	José Alfredo Lorente Castillo (born January 27, 1994 in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico), better known as ``José Alfredo'', is a Puerto Rican singer and songwriter.	José Alfredo Lorente	singer
occupation	Marvin Bernard (born March 31, 1978), better known by his stage name Tony Yayo, is a rapper and member of the hip hop group G-Unit.	Tony Yayo	rapper
occupation	Adam Schoenfeld is an American professional poker player and former columnist for Card Player magazine.	Adam Schoenfeld	poker player
occupation	Harry Meshel (born June 13, 1924) is an American retired Democratic politician.	Harry Meshel	politician
occupation	Brian Hallisay (born October 31, 1978) is an American actor known for his roles as Will Davis in the CW drama series Privileged and Kyle Parks in the Lifetime drama series The Client List.	Brian Hallisay	actor
occupation	Ricardo Antonio Mayorga Perez (born October 3, 1973), best known as Ricardo Mayorga, is a Nicaraguan professional boxer and mixed martial artist.	Ricardo Mayorga	boxer
occupation	Natalia Roubina (Greek: Ναταλία Ρουμπίνα; born July 19, 1984) is a Cypriot former swimmer, who specialized in middle-distance freestyle and butterfly events.	Natalia Roubina	swimmer
occupation	Janet McCloud (also known as Yet-Si-Blue, March 30, 1934--November 25, 2003) was a prominent Native American and indigenous rights activist.	Janet McCloud	activist
occupation	David Despin is a French rugby league player and coach who represented his country in the 1995 and 2000 World Cups.	David Despin	rugby league player
occupation	Eric Stanton (September 30, 1926 -- March 17, 1999; born Ernest Stanzoni) was an American bondage and fetish illustrator, cartoonist, and comic-book artist.	Eric Stanton	illustrator
occupation	George R. Snowden (February 12, 1841 -- April 21, 1932) was a Pennsylvania lawyer and military officer who served as commander of the organization now known as the 28th Infantry Division.	George R. Snowden	lawyer
occupation	Al Cass (born Alfred Stephen Cascianelli on September 7, 1923- died August 23, 1989) was an inventor, performer, trumpeter, manufacturer and consultant to other brass musicians.	Al Cass	consultant
occupation	Luis Palomino (born October 9, 1980) is a Peruvian-American mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division and is currently signed to the World Series of Fighting.	Luis Palomino	mixed martial artist
occupation	John Baldwin Neil (July 28, 1842 -- October 6, 1902) was an American military officer and politician who served as Governor of Idaho Territory from 1880 to 1883.	John Baldwin Neil	politician
occupation	Jack Sherman (born January 18, 1956) is a guitarist best known as a member of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, playing on their debut album.	Jack Sherman	guitarist
occupation	Guy Rowlands is a British academic and historian specialising in the history of France.	Guy Rowlands	historian
occupation	Walter Lynne (fl. 1550) was a Flemish printer and translator, known as a Protestant publisher in London.	Walter Lynne	translator
occupation	Richard Browne (died ?1614), of Knowle in Cranleigh, Surrey, was an English politician.	Richard Browne (died ?1614)	politician
occupation	Bill Wolfgramm aka Bill Wolfgramme was a musician specialising in lap steel guitar and popular Hawaiian music.	Bill Wolfgramm	musician
occupation	Kristo Laanti, professionally known as DJ Kridlokk, Khid, Krid or DJ Kridmanne, is a Finnish rapper and record producer.	DJ Kridlokk	record producer
occupation	Michael Zacpálek (born Kralupy nad Vltavou, February 21, 1991) is a Czech professional ice hockey player.	Michael Zacpálek	ice hockey player
occupation	Evan Whitton is an Australian journalist who currently is a columnist the online legal journal Justinian.	Evan Whitton	journalist
occupation	Faryad Shiri (in Kurdish: فەریاد شیری) is a contemporary Iranian Kurdish poet, critic, writer and translator.	Faryad Shiri	poet	translator
occupation	Loyal Blaine Aldrich (1884 -- 1965) was an American astrophysicist and astronomer of the Smithsonian Institution.	Loyal Blaine Aldrich	astronomer
occupation	Andrew Glaze (April 21, 1920 -- February 7, 2016) was an American poet, playwright and novelist.	Andrew Glaze	poet	playwright	novelist
occupation	Chidambaram Sundaram Pillai Jayaraman or C. S. Jayaraman (Tamil: சி. எஸ். ஜெயராமன்) was a noted actor, music director and a successful playback singer whose numerous songs were featured in many Tamil films, between the 1940s and 1970s.	C. S. Jayaraman	singer
occupation	Chris Tolley is a retired professional cricketer who played for Worcestershire and Nottinghamshire.	Chris Tolley	cricketer
occupation	Gloria Bromell Tinubu (born February 22, 1953 in Georgetown County, South Carolina) is an applied economist, educator, and political figure.	Gloria Bromell Tinubu	economist
occupation	Mr Bal Patil is author of many books on Jainism and has written and presented several conference papers at various academic seminars in Great Britain, Japan, USA and India.	Bal Patil	author
occupation	Maggie Cline (January 1, 1857 -- June 11, 1934) was an American vaudeville singer, active across the United States in the late nineteenth century, known as the ``The Irish Queen'' and ``The Bowery Brunhilde''.	Maggie Cline	singer
occupation	Andy Narell (born March 18, 1954 in New York City, US) is a jazz musician and composer specialized in the steelpan.	Andy Narell	jazz musician
occupation	Claudia Grassl (born in Berchtesgaden, Germany) is a photographer.	Claudia Grassl	photographer
occupation	Stabsfeldwebel Ferdinand Udvardy was a Hungarian conscript into the military of the Austro-Hungarian Empire who became a flying ace credited with nine aerial victories.	Ferdinand Udvardy	flying ace
occupation	Michele Lee (born June 24, 1942) is an American actress, singer, dancer, producer, director and frequent game show panelist of the 1970s.	Michele Lee	singer	dancer
occupation	Klejman and Rochefort said that while Eliska Vincent created le féminisme historique, Léopold Lacour is without a doubt the first to undertake an historian's examination of feminism.	Léopold Lacour	historian
occupation	David H. Auston (born 1940) is an American physicist, known for his work on terahertz technology, and in particular, the development of the Auston switch.	David H. Auston	physicist
occupation	Charles Sumner (January 6, 1811 -- March 11, 1874) was an American politician and senator from Massachusetts.	Charles Sumner	politician
occupation	Shahram Khan is a politician from Swabi District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, the eldest son of Pakistani industrialist Liaqat Khan Tarakai.	Shahram Khan	politician
occupation	Kaz Garas is an English speaking, Lithuanian-born actor, best known for his starring role in the TV-series Strange Report, and for his numerous portrayals of sheriffs in low-budget thrillers.	Kaz Garas	actor
occupation	Huang Min-hui (Chinese: 黃敏惠; pinyin: Huáng Mǐnhuì) is a Taiwanese politician in the Republic of China.	Huang Min-hui	politician
occupation	Langley Wallingford, a reformed con artist and criminal who was acquainted with Myrtle Lum Fargate in her carney days--via purse snatching.	Langley Wallingford	con artist
occupation	Volkan Gucer is a music composer, producer, performer of dilli kaval (Turkish wooden flutes), Irish whistle, etc. With a professional career that spans more than 14 years, he has written and produced music for 40 TV series and films, as well as numerous documentaries and commercial jingles.	Volkan Gucer	composer
occupation	Hawies Fourie is a South African rugby union coach, currently in charge of Varsity Cup side Maties.	Hawies Fourie	rugby union coach
occupation	Ramon de Rosselló or Raimon de Rusillon was a minor Catalan troubadour.	Ramon de Rosselló	troubadour
occupation	Charles S. Dana was a Vermont farmer, newspaper correspondent and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives.	Charles S. Dana	politician
occupation	Karl Zinsmeister is an American journalist and public policy researcher.	Karl Zinsmeister	journalist
occupation	Anna N. Żytkow (born February 21, 1947) is a Polish astrophysicist working at the Institute of Astronomy of the University of Cambridge.	Anna N. Żytkow	astrophysicist
occupation	Jean Valentine (born April 27, 1934) is an American poet and was the New York State Poet Laureate from 2008--2010.	Jean Valentine	poet
occupation	Lucrecia Méndez de Penedo (born 1943) is a Guatemalan university professor, essayist, researcher, and literary and art critic.	Lucrecia Méndez	researcher
occupation	Charline Picon (born December 23, 1984 in Royan) is a French windsurfer, who specialized in Neil Pryde RS:	Charline Picon	windsurfer
occupation	Nikolai Buchatskii is a human rights activist and opposition politician in Transnistria.	Nikolai Buchatskii	politician
occupation	Guy Leblanc was a politician from Quebec, Canada and a former Mayor of Trois-Rivières.	Guy Leblanc	politician
occupation	Alexandra Eldridge (born 1948) is an American contemporary painter.	Alexandra Eldridge	painter
occupation	Ernst Julius Berg (9 Feb. 1871 - 1941) was a Swedish-born, American electrical engineer.	Ernst Julius Berg	engineer
occupation	Sara Gross (born March 26, 1976 in Sarnia, Ontario) is a triathlete, who was born in Canada but competed for Great Britain.	Sara Gross	triathlete
occupation	Alaine Laughton (born September 21, 1978), known by her first name, is a Jamaican American reggae singer and songwriter.	Alaine Laughton	singer
occupation	Shiloh Strong (born June 12, 1978) is an American actor, screenwriter, photographer and film director whose roles include ``Zelos Wilder'' from Tales of Symphonia, ``David Scott'' from Dinotopia, and ``Grant'' from Buck Naked Arson.	Shiloh Strong	actor	film director
occupation	Porfirio Ricardo José Luis Daniel Oduber Quirós (August 25, 1921 - October 13, 1991) was a Costa Rican politician, lawyer, philosopher, poet, and essayist.	Daniel Oduber Quirós	politician
occupation	Vilém Klíma (10 April 1906 -- 6 October 1985) was a Czech electrical engineer who developed a closed-form expression for the distribution factor of a symmetrical three-phase stator winding.	Vilém Klíma	engineer
occupation	Paul Nesbitt (1872-1950) was an American politician, who served as Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.	Paul Nesbitt	politician
occupation	Prince Akaki Tsereteli (Georgian: აკაკი წერეთელი) (1840-1915), often mononymously known as Akaki, was a prominent Georgian poet and national liberation movement figure.	Akaki Tsereteli	poet
occupation	Charles C. Cordill (October 13, 1845 -- November 22, 1916), was a cotton planter and politician from Tensas Parish in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of Louisiana.	Charles C. Cordill	politician
occupation	Carlos Slim Helú (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkaɾlos esˈlim eˈlu); born January 28, 1940) is a Mexican business magnate, investor, and philanthropist.	Carlos Slim	business magnate	investor	philanthropist
occupation	Stephen Lovely (born 1966, Dallas, Texas) is an American novelist and educator.	Stephen Lovely	novelist
occupation	Khasanbi Taov (Russian: Хасанби Таов; born November 5, 1977) is a Russian judoka.	Khasanbi Taov	judoka
occupation	Zaharya Efendi Mir Cemil (Greek: Ζαχαρίας ο χανεντές; died 1740) was a composer of Turkish classical music.	Zaharya Efendi Mir Cemil	composer
occupation	Janelle Daríce Dudley, better known by her stage name JaMiss (pronounced juh-miss/), is an American rapper, songwriter and actress.	JaMiss	rapper
occupation	Scott Herhold, Webb's first editor at the Mercury-News, wrote in a 2013 column that ``Gary Webb was a journalist of outsized talent.	Gary Webb	journalist
occupation	Cathie Ryan is an Irish American singer songwriter, who has released five CDs and tours steadily with her band performing at festivals, folk clubs, performing arts centers and with symphony orchestras.	Cathie Ryan	singer
occupation	Freddy Bienstock (April 24, 1923 - September 20, 2009) was an American music publisher who built his career in music by being the person responsible for soliciting and selecting songs for Elvis Presley's early albums and films.	Freddy Bienstock	music publisher
occupation	Steve Barton (June 26, 1954 -- July 21, 2001) was an American actor, singer, dancer, choreographer, stage director and teacher.	Steve Barton	actor	singer	choreographer
occupation	Hiwa Osman is an award-winning Iraqi Kurdish journalist and commentator.	Hiwa Osman	journalist
occupation	Denny DeMarchi is a Canadian multi-instrumental musician who is talented as a keyboardist and prolific singer-songwriter.	Denny DeMarchi	singer
occupation	Matis Weinberg is an American-born Orthodox rabbi and former rosh yeshiva who now resides in Jerusalem, Israel.	Matis Weinberg	rabbi
occupation	George G. McWhorter (February 27, 1833 -- May 21, 1891) was a Florida lawyer and Democratic politician who served on the Florida Supreme Court from 1885 to 1887.	George G. McWhorter	lawyer	politician
occupation	Elio Cruz is a Gibraltarian playwright, writing both in English and Llanito.	Elio Cruz	playwright
occupation	Maxi Trusso (born 31 July 1970) is an Argentine singer-songwriter, noted for his dictinctive voice.	Maxi Trusso	singer-songwriter
occupation	Anar Nagilbaz (born 28 March 1974 in Baku, Azerbaijani SSR, USSR), born as Anar Jabiyev, is an Azerbaijani rapper, singer-songwriter and actor.	Anar Nagilbaz	singer
occupation	Pāvels Gumennikovs (born January 1, 1986) is a Latvian film director, actor, writer, and producer.	Pāvels Gumennikovs	film director
occupation	Cliff Wilson (10 May 193421 May 1994) was a Welsh professional snooker player.	Cliff Wilson	snooker player
occupation	Mareşal Mustafa Fevzi Çakmak (January 12, 1876 -- April 10, 1950) was a Turkish field marshal (Mareşal) and politician.	Fevzi Çakmak	politician
occupation	Richard Deming is an American poet and philosopher of literature.	Richard Deming	poet
occupation	Naseeruddin Shah (born 20 July 1949 or 16 August 1950) is an Indian film and stage actor and director, and a prominent figure in Indian parallel cinema.	Naseeruddin Shah	actor
occupation	Ernest Charles (Minneapolis, Minnesota, November 21, 1895 -- Beverly Hills, California, April 16, 1984) was an American composer of art songs.	Ernest Charles	composer
occupation	Christopher McDonnell is a British fashion designer who operated in the UK between the 1960s and 1980s.	Christopher McDonnell	fashion designer
occupation	Mac Gargan was a private investigator initially hired by J. Jonah Jameson to find out how Peter Parker is able to obtain incredible pictures of Spider-Man.	Mac Gargan	private investigator
occupation	John Gutmann (1905 -- June 12, 1998) was a German-born American photographer and painter.	John Gutmann	photographer	painter
occupation	Jean-François Thomas de Thomon (April 12 (O.S. April 1) 1760 -- September 4 (O.S. August 23) 1813) was a French neoclassical architect who worked in Eastern Europe in 1791--1813.	Jean-François Thomas de Thomon	architect
occupation	Simon Rich (born June 5, 1984) is an American humorist, novelist, and screenwriter.	Simon Rich	screenwriter
occupation	Walter Stradling (1875 - July 4, 1918) was an English born American cinematographer of the silent era.	Walter Stradling	cinematographer
occupation	Ilse Maria Aschner, née Römer (September 26, 1918 -- October 10, 2012), was an Austrian journalist and survivor of the Holocaust.	Ilse Maria Aschner	journalist
occupation	Bernard P. Zeigler (born March 5, 1940, in Montreal) is a Canadian engineer, and emeritus professor at the University of Arizona, known for inventing Discrete Event System Specification (DEVS) in 1976.	Bernard P. Zeigler	engineer
occupation	Blake Heron (born January 11, 1982) is an American screen actor.	Blake Heron	actor
occupation	Mohamed Sheikh Osman (Somali: Maxamed Sheekh Cismaan) was a prominent Somali politician and Member of Parliament in the civilian government.	Mohamed Sheikh Osman	politician
occupation	Harold Cardinal (January 27, 1945 -- June 3, 2005) was a Cree writer, political leader, teacher, negotiator and lawyer.	Harold Cardinal	lawyer
occupation	Howard Lindzon is a Canadian author, financial analyst, technical analyst and super angel investor.	Howard Lindzon	financial analyst
occupation	Jiang Yi-huah (Chinese: 江宜樺; pinyin: Jiāng Yíhuà; born 18 November 1960) is a Taiwanese politician and former Premier of the Republic of China (ROC).	Jiang Yi-huah	politician
occupation	Anthony Warde (November 4, 1908 -- January 8, 1975) was a noted American actor who appeared in over 150 films between 1937 and 1964.	Anthony Warde	actor
occupation	Jenni Calder (née Daiches) (born 1941) is a Scottish literary historian, and arts establishment figure.	Jenni Calder	literary historian
occupation	Bogdan Popović, a Serbian writer, aesthetist and literary theorist, university professor, member of the Serbian Royal Academy, one of the founders of the Serbian Literary Herald and the creator of the 'Belgrade literary style,' was born in Belgrade on the 20th of December 1863.	Bogdan Popović	writer	university professor
occupation	Lloyd Watson (born Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, England) is an English rock and blues guitarist.	Lloyd Watson	guitarist
occupation	Mamercus Aemilius Lepidus Livianus, (died c. 62 BC) was a Roman politician and military commander who was consul in 77 BC.	Mamercus Aemilius Lepidus Livianus	politician
occupation	Henry Rice Guild was an American lawyer and director of the Pioneer Fund (1948-1974).	Henry Rice Guild	lawyer
occupation	John Bonar (July 10, 1886 -- March 28, 1963) was an American set decorator, who was born in Yugoslavia.	John Bonar	set decorator
occupation	Patrick Henry Hughes (born March 10, 1988) is an American multi-instrumental musician from Louisville, Kentucky who was born without eyes and unable to fully straighten his arms and legs, making him unable to walk.	Patrick Henry Hughes	musician
occupation	Sadegh Malek Shahmirzadi (Persian: صادق ملک شهميرزادی‎) (born April 24, 1940) is an Iranian archaeologist and anthropologist.	Sadegh Malek Shahmirzadi	archaeologist	anthropologist
occupation	Alexander Berner (born 1901, date of death unknown) was a Swiss skeleton racer who competed in the late 1920s.	Alexander Berner	skeleton racer
occupation	Jeff Tyzik (born Jeff Tkazyik, August 1, 1951) is an American conductor, arranger, and trumpeter from Rochester, New York, working primarily with orchestral and jazz styles.	Jeff Tyzik	conductor	trumpeter
occupation	Megan Lai (賴雅妍) (born December 4, 1979) is a Taiwanese actress and singer who is best known for Miss Rose, Meteor Garden II and Mars.	Megan Lai	singer
occupation	George Howard Williams (December 1, 1871 -- November 25, 1963) was an American politician and attorney from the state of Missouri.	George Howard Williams	politician
occupation	James Patrick Rossiter (born September 13, 1890, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, died September 26, 1943, Erie, Pennsylvania) was a prominent politician in Pennsylvania.	James Patrick Rossiter	politician
occupation	Molly Parkin (born Molly Noyle Thomas, 1932), is a Welsh painter, novelist and journalist, who became most famous for exploits in the 1960s.	Molly Parkin	painter	journalist
occupation	Mike Werb is an American screenwriter, whose writing credits include Face/Off, The Mask and the story for Lara Croft:	Mike Werb	screenwriter
occupation	Gravelle Craig (born June 10, 1970) is a college basketball head coach for the Bethune-Cookman University men's basketball team, former college basketball player and former associate coach for Bethune-Cookman.	Gravelle Craig	basketball player
occupation	Edward M. Bernstein is a noted Southern Nevada attorney, philanthropist, politician, and TV talk show host.	Edward M. Bernstein	politician
occupation	Carlos Enrique Lehder Rivas or simply Carlos Lehder (born September 7, 1949) is a Colombian drug lord and co-founder of the Medellín Cartel.	Carlos Lehder	drug lord
occupation	Julian Wadham is an English actor of stage, film and television.	Julian Wadham	actor
occupation	Michel de Carvalho (born 1944) is a British financier, former Olympic skier and luger, and former actor (under the name Michel Ray).	Michel de Carvalho	luger	actor
occupation	Thomas Mayne Reid (April 4, 1818 -- October 22, 1883), was a Scots-Irish American novelist.	Thomas Mayne Reid	novelist
occupation	Marlenis Costa Blanco (born July 30, 1973) is a Cuban volleyball player, world champion and Olympic champion.	Marlenis Costa	volleyball player
occupation	Madame Piano, born Ljiljana Rančić, is a Serbian retired jazz/world music singer and songwriter.	Madame Piano	singer
occupation	Sheraz Daya is a British ophthalmologist best known for his founding of the Centre for Sight in 1996 and his work in the use of stem-cell research during sight recovery surgery.	Sheraz Daya	ophthalmologist
occupation	Derek Wayne Johnson (born February 23, 1983) is an American film director, screenwriter, film producer, and actor.	Derek Wayne Johnson	film director
occupation	Greg Urban is an American anthropologist who specializes in indigenous peoples of South America and on general theoretical problems in linguistic and cultural anthropology.	Greg Urban	anthropologist
occupation	George Bundy Smith (born 1937, New Orleans, Louisiana) is a retired judge in New York State.	George Bundy Smith	judge
occupation	Meredith O'Connor is an Anti bullying activist, American singer-songwriter, Actress and Model based in Long Island, New York.	Meredith O'Connor	singer
occupation	Frances Mayes is an American university professor, poet, memoirist, essayist, and novelist.	Frances Mayes	novelist
occupation	Joey Moi is a Canadian record producer, audio engineer, songwriter, and musician.	Joey Moi	audio engineer
occupation	Marq Torien (born Mark Joseph Maytorena on September 22, 1961 in Los Angeles, California) is the lead singer of the hard rock act BulletBoys.	Marq Torien	singer
occupation	Deborah Anderson is the daughter of singer Jon Anderson and Jennifer Anderson (née Baker), and sister to singer Jade Anderson.	Deborah Anderson	singer
occupation	Joseph Joachim de Leon or known as Keempee de Leon (born January 8, 1973) is a Filipino actor, comedian, singer-songwriter, and TV host.	Keempee de Leon	comedian	singer
occupation	Mattie Liptak (born April 10, 1996) is an American actor best known for his role as George in the horror film, Quarantine 2:	Mattie Liptak	actor
occupation	Dmitrii Ivanovich Zhuravskii (1821-1891) was a Russian engineer who was one of the pioneers of bridge construction and structural mechanics in Russia.	Dmitrii Ivanovich Zhuravskii	engineer
occupation	Dzianis Liseichykau (Дзяніс ЛІСЕЙЧЫКАЎ) (born 4 September 1979) is a Belarusian historian and archivist.	Dzianis Liseichykau	historian
occupation	Meg Myles (born November 14, 1934) is a pin-up model, singer, and actress on stage and screen, actively mostly in the 1950s and 1960s.	Meg Myles	model
occupation	Denis Tarasov (born 21 July 1993) is a Paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S8 events.	Denis Tarasov	swimmer
occupation	Kai Donner had decided early on that he wanted to follow in the footsteps of pioneer philologist and explorer M.A. Castrén (1813--1852) and study the peoples who lived beyond the Urals.	Kai Donner	explorer
occupation	Mihail Popyordanov Kalaidjiev known as Milko Kalaidjiev (Bulgarian: Милко Калайджиев) is a Bulgarian pop-folk singer.	Milko Kalaidjiev	singer
occupation	Sophie Irene Loeb (July 4, 1876, Rivne, Volhynia, Russia (now Ukraine) -- January 18, 1929) was a US journalist and social-welfare advocate.	Sophie Irene Loeb	journalist
occupation	Hermann Braun (November 1, 1917 -- January 18 or 20, 1945) was an American-born German motion-picture actor, and the son of chamber singer Carl Braun.	Hermann Braun	actor
occupation	Mark Lamos (born March 10, 1946) is an American theatre and opera director, producer and actor.	Mark Lamos	actor
occupation	Sean Doyle is an Australian professional rugby union player whose favoured position is flanker.	Sean Doyle	rugby union player
occupation	Matthew Le Merle (born January 18, 1962) is a superangel investor and advisor to leading companies including eBay, Google, Shanshan and Talkweb.	Matthew Le Merle	investor
occupation	Richard Samuel (fl. 1770 -1786) was an English portrait painter who appears as a winner of prestigious medals in the 1770s in London.	Richard Samuel	painter
occupation	John Leo McNamara was a bushman, poet, historian and author mainly responsible for documenting the life and community of the little-known and now lost Cordeaux River settlement south west of Wollongong.	John Leo McNamara	historian
occupation	Moises Flores (born November 17, 1986) is a Mexican professional boxer and is the current WBA interim Super bantamweight champion.	Moises Flores	boxer
occupation	Johnny Bos (February 14, 1952 - May 11, 2013) was an American professional boxer and author, best known as a successful boxing matchmaker.	Johnny Bos	boxer
occupation	Adlan Cruz (born on November 28, 1968 in Bayamón, Puerto Rico) is a Christian Puerto Rican pianist, composer and producer.	Adlan Cruz	composer
occupation	Gayathri Govind, is an Indian classical dancer, choreographer, actor and the winner of Asianet's Vodafone Thakadimi in 2008.	Gayathri Govind	choreographer
occupation	Esther Jones, known by her stage name ``Baby Esther'', was an African-American singer and entertainer of the late 1920s, known for her ``baby'' singing style.	Baby Esther	singer
occupation	Marjorie Johnson, the ``Blue Ribbon Baker'', is a popular baker from Robbinsdale, Minnesota.	Marjorie Johnson	baker
occupation	Cyril O'Reilly (born June 8, 1958) is an American film and television actor, writer and producer.	Cyril O'Reilly	television actor
occupation	Laura Tamminen was a Finnish speed skater.	Laura Tamminen	speed skater
occupation	André de Mello Tavares de Mattos (born October 8, 1961), better known for his stage name André Mattos, is a Brazilian actor.	André Mattos	actor
occupation	Boris Ivković (born c. 1971), better known by his stage name Bore Lee, is a Croatian martial arts enthusiast, amateur filmmaker and actor from Sinj.	Bore Lee	actor
occupation	Eiliv Austlid was a Norwegian farmer and army officer who played a pivotal role in assuring the escape of the Norwegian government during the German invasion in 1940.	Eiliv Austlid	farmer
occupation	Bishandas was a 17th-century portrait painter at the court of the Mughal emperor Jahangir.	Bishandas	painter
occupation	Young Chizz is a rapper from Jamaica, Queens, New York.	Young Chizz	rapper
occupation	Ernesto Pochintesta (Stradatella, Piedmont, Italy, January 18, 1840- Turin, January 13, 1892) was an Italian painter, active as a landscape artist and watercolor painter in a Realist style.	Ernesto Pochintesta	painter
occupation	K. T. Rajenthra Bhalaji (ta: கே.டி. ராஜேந்திர பாலாஜி) is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Sivakasi constituency.	K. T. Rajenthra Bhalaji	politician
occupation	Anyela Galante Salerno (born February 22, 1991 in Guanare, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Venezuela World 2015.	Anyela Galante	model
occupation	Götz Heidelberg (born March 1, 1923 in Bergisch Gladbach-Bensberg near Cologne) is a German constructing engineer and entrepreneur.	Götz Heidelberg	engineer
occupation	Jürgen Gauß (Juergen Gauss) is a German theoretical chemist.	Jürgen Gauß	chemist
occupation	In 1814, King Ang Duong worked as both a poet and classical writer of Cambodian literature in Bangkok.	Ang Duong	poet
occupation	Elinor Lipman (born October 16, 1950) is an American novelist, short story writer, and essayist.	Elinor Lipman	novelist
occupation	Alexander Geringer (b. April 17, 1966) is an Austrian journalist, creative director and magazine publisher.	Alexander Geringer	journalist
occupation	William Tooke (1744--1820) was a British clergyman and historian of Russia.	William Tooke	historian
occupation	Fra Simone da Carnuli (born XVth Century) was an Italian (Genoese) painter.	Fra Simone da Carnuli	painter
occupation	Entirely self-taught, Elam Jay is a Swiss-Moroccan songwriter, vocalist, dancer, performer, composer, and music arranger.	Elam Jay	composer
occupation	Mark London Williams is an American author, playwright, journalist, and creator of the young adult time travel series Danger Boy.	Mark London Williams	journalist
occupation	Jordan Bayne is an American, actor, writer, director and producer.	Jordan Bayne	actor
occupation	Dap 'Sugar' Willie is an American actor and stand up comedian from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania best known for his recurring role as Lenny on the 1970s CBS-TV sitcom series Good Times.Originally a ``pimp'', his nickname ``Dap Sugar'' came from his style of wardrobe.	Dap 'Sugar' Willie	actor
occupation	Mary Stolz (born Mary Slattery, March 24, 1920 -- December 15, 2006) was an American writer of fiction for children and young adults.	Mary Stolz	writer
occupation	Diogo Dias, also known as Diogo Gomes, was a 15th-century Portuguese explorer.	Diogo Dias	explorer
occupation	John French Sloan (August 2, 1871 -- September 7, 1951) was a twentieth-century painter and etcher and one of the founders of the Ashcan school of American art. He was also a member of the group known as The Eight.	John French Sloan	painter	etcher
occupation	Dorothy Collins (November 18, 1926 -- July 21, 1994) was a Canadian/American singer, actress, and recording artist.	Dorothy Collins	singer
occupation	June Taylor (December 14, 1917 -- May 16, 2004) was an American choreographer, best known as the founder of the June Taylor Dancers, who were featured on Jackie Gleason's various television variety programs.	June Taylor	choreographer
occupation	Roddy Lee is an American school teacher who represented the Republic of China (Taiwan) at the 1972 Munich Olympics.	Roddy Lee	teacher
occupation	Leo Ford, born Leo John Hilgeford, (July 5, 1957 -- July 17, 1991) was an American pornographic actor who appeared in gay pornographic films and bisexual pornographic movies and magazines in the 1980s.	Leo Ford	actor
occupation	Meaghan Smith is a Canadian singer-songwriter, musician and visual artist.	Meaghan Smith	singer
occupation	Sahil Khan is an Indian actor, who appears in Bollywood films.	Sahil Khan	actor
occupation	Wendell B. Harris, Jr. (born March 5, 1954), is a Juilliard- and Interlochen-trained American filmmaker and actor.	Wendell B. Harris, Jr.	actor
occupation	Richard Dix (July 18, 1893 -- September 20, 1949) was an American motion picture actor who achieved popularity in both silent and sound film.	Richard Dix	actor
occupation	Uğur Rıfat Karlova (born August 2, 1980) is a Turkish stand-up comedian, actor, TV host, showman and writer living in Taiwan.	Uğur Rıfat Karlova	actor
occupation	Saad Khader (Arabic: سعد خضر‎) (born July 3, 1943 ) is a Saudi Arabian television actor, director and producer.	Saad Khader	actor
occupation	Michael E. Auer (born 1948 in Weimar) is a German computer scientist and engineering educator and professor at the Carinthia University of Applied Sciences, Austria.	Michael E. Auer	computer scientist
occupation	Judith S. Beck, Ph.D. (born May 5, 1954) is an American psychologist who is best known for her work in cognitive therapy.	Judith S. Beck	psychologist
occupation	James Churgin (born September 3, 1928) is a geologist and oceanographer.	James Churgin	oceanographer
occupation	Anil Dhawan is an Indian film and television actor, most known for his debut film, Chetna (1970) and Piya Ka Ghar (1972).	Anil Dhawan	actor
occupation	Charles Magill Conrad (December 24, 1804 -- February 11, 1878) was a Louisiana politician who served in the United States Senate, United States House of Representatives, and Confederate Congress.	Charles Magill Conrad	politician
occupation	Helend Peep (July 29, 1910 -- October 20, 2007), born Ernst-Helmut Peep, was an Estonian actor, well known for his performance of ``Kerjuse laul'' in the musical Ainult unistus.	Helend Peep	actor
occupation	Haim Alexander (Hebrew: חיים אלכסנדר; August 9, 1915 -- March 18, 2012) was an Israeli composer.	Haim Alexander	composer
occupation	Rabbi Jerome Cutler (aka Jerry Cutler) is an ordained rabbi and the director of the Creative Arts Temple in West Los Angeles, California.	Jerome Cutler	rabbi
occupation	Martin Beaver (born 10 November 1967) is a Canadian violinist best known as first violinist of the Tokyo String Quartet.	Martin Beaver	violinist
occupation	Ou Chin-der (Chinese: 歐晉德; pinyin: Ōujìndé; born November 19, 1944) is a Taiwanese civil engineer.	Ou Chin-der	civil engineer
occupation	Heath MacDonald is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island in the 2015 provincial election.	Heath MacDonald	politician
occupation	José Gomes de Abreu, better known as Zequinha de Abreu (September 19, 1880 -- January 22, 1935) was a Brazilian musician and composer.	Zequinha de Abreu	composer
occupation	Conrad Vernon IV (born July 11, 1968) is an American director, storyboard artist, writer, and voice actor, best known for his work on the DreamWorks animated film series Shrek as well as other films such as Monsters vs. Aliens, Madagascar 3:	Conrad Vernon	storyboard artist	voice actor
occupation	Chen Zhuo (陳卓 chén zhuō) was a Chinese astronomer of the 3rd century.	Chen Zhuo	astronomer
occupation	Ed Ames (born Edmund Dantes Urick; July 9, 1927) is an American popular singer and actor.	Ed Ames	singer	actor
occupation	Carlo Malagola was a 19th-century Italian historian.	Carlo Malagola	historian
occupation	Gabriel Zehender was a German painter and printer believed to have been born in Grossmausdorf, and active in Basel.	Gabriel Zehender	painter
occupation	Fide Köksal is a Turkish singer living in Greece.	Fide Köksal	singer
occupation	William Rosenberg (June 10, 1916 - September 22, 2002) was an American Jewish entrepreneur best known for founding the Dunkin' Donuts franchise in 1950 in Quincy, Massachusetts, one of the pioneers in name-brand franchising, originally named the ``Open Kettle'' doughnut shop when established in 1948.	William Rosenberg	entrepreneur
occupation	Sister Esther Newport, S.P., (1901--1986) was an American painter, sculptor and art educator who founded the Catholic Art Association and served as the founding editor of the Christian Social Art Quarterly.	Esther Newport	painter	sculptor
occupation	Caren Bohan is a journalist and the White House correspondent for the Reuters news agency.	Caren Bohan	journalist
occupation	Taylor Ibera (born July 7, 1991 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a judoka and wrestler from USA.	Taylor Ibera	judoka
occupation	Soheil Nasseri is an American pianist based in Berlin.	Soheil Nasseri	pianist
occupation	in 1917, Vivien Oakland was married to actor John T. Murray (1886--1957).	Vivien Oakland	actor
occupation	Julia Feldman (Hebrew: יוליה פלדמן‎, Russian: Юлия Фельдман; born June 22, 1979 in Samara, Soviet Union) is an Israeli jazz vocalist, composer and educator.	Julia Feldman	composer
occupation	De'Angelo Wilson (March 29, 1979 -- November 26, 2008) was an American film and television actor and a hip-hop artist.	De'Angelo Wilson	actor
occupation	Haider Nawzad (alternate names: Haydar Nozad, Haidar Hama Rashid) (born April 20, 1983) is an Iraqi rower.	Haider Nawzad	rower
occupation	Richard C. Byrd (January 1, 1805 -- June 1, 1854) was an American politician and Acting Governor of the State of Arkansas in 1849.	Richard C. Byrd	politician
occupation	Nancy Angelo (born October 8, 1953 in Carson City, Nevada, USA) is an organizational psychologist and formerly a performance and video artist who took part in the feminist art movement in Los Angeles.	Nancy Angelo	artist
occupation	James Henry Dickey Henderson (July 23, 1810 -- December 13, 1885) was an American farmer and politician from the state of Oregon.	James Henry Dickey Henderson	politician
occupation	Richard Stone Reeves (November 6, 1919 -- October 7, 2005) was an American equine painter whom Blood-Horse magazine described as perhaps the greatest modern-day horse painter.	Richard Stone Reeves	painter
occupation	Louis-Simon Boizot (1743--1809) was a French sculptor whose models for biscuit figures for Sèvres porcelain are better-known than his large-scale sculptures.	Louis-Simon Boizot	sculptor
occupation	Rui-Ming Xu (simplified Chinese: 许瑞明), is a Chinese physicist, biophysicist and molecular biologist.	Rui-Ming Xu	physicist	biologist
occupation	Douglas E. Moore (born 1928) is a Methodist minister who organized the 1957 Royal Ice Cream Sit-in in Durham, North Carolina.	Douglas E. Moore	minister
occupation	Hoàng Minh Chính (November 16, 1922 -- February 7, 2008), also Trần Ngọc Nghiêm, was a Vietnamese politician and dissident.	Hoàng Minh Chính	politician
occupation	Thomas Everett Blasingame, known as Tom Blasingame (February 12, 1898 - December 27, 1989), was a Texas cowboy for seventy-three years.	Tom Blasingame	cowboy
occupation	Gloria Muzio is an American theatre and television director.	Gloria Muzio	television director
occupation	Manolis Glezos (Greek: Μανώλης Γλέζος; born September 9, 1922) is a Greek left wing politician and writer, best known for his participation in the World War II resistance.	Manolis Glezos	politician
occupation	Ganesh Naik born September 15, 1950 is an Indian politician.	Ganesh Naik	politician
occupation	Tomás de la Rosa (September 18, 1921 - December 2, 1992), also known as his nickname Jaime de la Rosa was a Filipino pre-war and postwar actor better known as Jimmy in Philippine showbiz.	Jaime de la Rosa	actor
occupation	Eliezer Simon Kirschbaum was an Austrian physician and writer.	Eliezer Simon Kirschbaum	physician
occupation	Beulah Poynter (June 6, 1883 -- August 13, 1960), was an American author, playwright and actor.	Beulah Poynter	actor
occupation	Yoon Shi-yoon (Hangul: 윤시윤; born Yoon ga-goo on September 26, 1986) is a South Korean actor.	Yoon Shi-yoon	actor
occupation	Noraladin Pirmoazzen (Persian: ‌کمال‌الدین پیرمؤذن‎‎; born 1959) is an Iranian politician, lung and breast surgeon.	Noraladin Pirmoazzen	politician
occupation	Flávio Guimarães (born November 10, 1963) is a Brazilian composer, harmonica player and singer.	Flávio Guimarães	singer
occupation	Armen Gevorkyan (Armenian: Արմեն Գևւորգյան) is an Armenian amateur boxer.	Armen Gevorkyan	boxer
occupation	Otto Preißecker also Preissecker (August 3, 1898 -- May 30, 1963) was an Austrian figure skater.	Otto Preißecker	figure skater
occupation	Mark Lemhouse is an American musician, producer and graphic designer known for releasing several solo albums on Yellow Dog Records, as well as designing album covers for musicians such as Black Francis.	Mark Lemhouse	graphic designer
occupation	Vir Unis (real name: John Strate-Hootman, born October 26, 1969, in Morton, Illinois) is an American ambient-music composer and performer.	Vir Unis	composer
occupation	Shane Sanders (born December 8, 1967 in Crossville, Tennessee, USA) is an American artist, composer, designer, and digital media entrepreneur.	Shane Sanders	artist	composer
occupation	Lujo Bezeredi (Bezeredy) (1898 -- April 20, 1979) was a Croatian-Hungarian sculptor and painter.	Lujo Bezeredi	painter
occupation	Andy Hockley is a Welsh actor and singer born in 1959 in Pontypridd, Glamorgan.	Andy Hockley	actor
occupation	Nicky Virachkul (June 3, 1948 -- April 17, 1999) was a professional darts player who competed in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.	Nicky Virachkul	darts player
occupation	Luis M. Chiappe is an Argentine paleontologist born in Buenos Aires who is best known for his discovery of the first sauropod nesting sites in the badlands of Patagonia in 1997.	Luis M. Chiappe	paleontologist
occupation	Dominique Atkins is a British jazz and dance singer from London.	Dominique Atkins	singer
occupation	Sofi Bonde is a Swedish pop singer, songwriter, actress.	Sofi Bonde	singer
occupation	Baruch Levine (born December 28, 1977) is a Canadian-born American Orthodox Jewish composer and singer whose songs have become popular and classic throughout the Orthodox Jewish world.	Baruch Levine	composer	singer
occupation	Euel Box (born December 31, 1928, in Georgetown, Texas) is a music producer, composer, arranger, and trumpeter who has written major film scores and radio jingles for major markets.	Euel Box	composer
occupation	Charlie Neshyba-Hodges (born February 21, 1980) is a contemporary American dancer known for his unique ability to blend powerful and fluid dancing with tragicomic projection.	Charlie Neshyba-Hodges	dancer
occupation	Linda Ann Ward (born May 24, 1947 in Puslinch, Ontario) is a Canadian former figure skater who competed in pairs.	Linda Ann Ward	figure skater
occupation	Shane West (born Shannon Bruce Snaith; June 10, 1978) is an American actor, punk rock musician and songwriter.	Shane West	actor	musician
occupation	Marion Aunor (born April 10, 1992) is a Filipino singer-songwriter and pianist.	Marion Aunor	singer
occupation	Milind Gawali (born 16 June) is an Indian film actor, director, TV actor.	Milind Gawali	actor
occupation	Svetlana Kalinkina is a Belarusian journalist known for her critical reporting of President Alexander Lukashenko.	Svetlana Kalinkina	journalist
occupation	Melissa Sgambelluri (born 1983 in New York) is an American actress, dancer,and singer, most famous for her appearances on American Idol Season 6 as the ``fountain girl''.	Melissa Sgambelluri	singer
occupation	Elmi Duale (Somali: Cilmi Ducale, Arabic: علمي دعاله‎) is a Somali diplomat.	Elmi Duale	diplomat
occupation	Claude d'Aspremont Lynden is a Belgian economist and professor at the Universite Catholique de Louvain, Center for Operations Research and Econometrics (CORE), and Département des sciences économiques (ECON).	Claude d'Aspremont Lynden	economist
occupation	Lesley Magnus (born October 6, 1977 in Tisdale, Saskatchewan) is a field hockey player from Oliver, British Columbia, Canada, who was first selected with the Women's National Team for the 2000 Test Series against the United States.	Lesley Magnus	field hockey player
occupation	Gerald Di Pego (born July 22, 1941) is an American screenwriter and producer.	Gerald Di Pego	screenwriter
occupation	Jeannie Lee is a Canadian journalist for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation reporting on business news and substitute anchor on Saturday Report.	Jeannie Lee	journalist
occupation	Vaunda Micheaux Nelson is an American writer best known for her young-adult books, both fiction and non-fiction.	Vaunda Micheaux Nelson	writer
occupation	Justin Bogle was the executive chef at Gilt restaurant in New York.	Justin Bogle	chef
occupation	Herman Fuchs studied with the conductor Josiah Zuro, worked with Hugo Riesenfeld, and attended Fordham University to understand copyright law.	Herman Fuchs	conductor
occupation	Hygeburg (floruit 780), also Hugeburc or Huneberc, was an Anglo-Saxon nun at the Abbey of Heidenheim in Germany.	Hygeburg	nun
occupation	Mike McKnight is an American keyboardist, musical director, music programmer, and journalist who is best known for his work on live tours of major artists such as Madonna, Mariah Carey, Janet Jackson, Shakira, and many more.	Mike McKnight	journalist
occupation	R. B. Choudary is a Tamil film producer of Telugu origin who has done many multilingual films in 4 languages, namely Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Hindi.	R. B. Choudary	film producer
occupation	Julie Carr is an American poet who was awarded a 2011 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship for Poetry.	Julie Carr	poet
occupation	Leotis Martin (March 10, 1939 -- November 20, 1995) was an American boxer, the first ever NABF heavyweight champion and best known for his victory over former heavyweight champion Sonny Liston.	Leotis Martin	boxer
occupation	Petronius Probianus (floruit 315--331) was a politician of the Roman Empire.	Petronius Probianus	politician
occupation	Carlos Knight (born 1993) is an American actor & comedian.	Carlos Knight	actor
occupation	Anwar Oshana was an Assyrian-American professional boxer in the super middleweight division between 1994 and 2005.	Anwar Oshana	boxer
occupation	In the late 1930s, Ian Karkull was a scientist and archaeologist working in the Sahara Desert with partner Everett Dahlen.	Ian Karkull	archaeologist
occupation	David Nikuradze (Georgian: დავით ნიკურაძე) (born November 2, 1975) is a television news journalist.	David Nikuradze	journalist
occupation	George Washington Julian (May 5, 1817 -- July 7, 1899) was a nineteenth-century politician, lawyer and writer who served in Congress from Indiana.	George Washington Julian	politician	lawyer
occupation	Stanley Shapiro (July 16, 1925 -- July 21, 1990) was an American screenwriter and producer responsible for three of Doris Day's most successful films.	Stanley Shapiro	screenwriter
occupation	Lucy Mulloy is a New York-based screenwriter and film director.	Lucy Mulloy	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Ron Boyd is an American theatre actor and film and television actor.	Ron Boyd	actor
occupation	Silvina Moschini (born 1972) is an Argentine entrepreneur.	Silvina Moschini	entrepreneur
occupation	Rick Comley (born January 20, 1947) is a former collegiate ice hockey player and former head coach at Michigan State University.	Rick Comley	ice hockey player
occupation	Luís Wittnich Carrisso (14 February 1886 -- 14 June 1937) was a Portuguese botanist, professor at the University of Coimbra.	Luís Wittnich Carrisso	botanist
occupation	Doug Richard (born August 1958) is an American entrepreneur based in England, best known for his appearances on TV show Dragons' Den and as a government adviser.	Doug Richard	entrepreneur
occupation	Roger Giffin is an English luthier, sometimes referred to as ``guitarmaker to the stars''.	Roger Giffin	luthier
occupation	William Jonathan Drayton Jr. (born March 16, 1959), better known by his stage name Flavor Flav, is an American musician, rapper, actor, television personality, and comedian who rose to prominence as a member of the hip-hop group Public Enemy.	Flavor Flav	musician	rapper
occupation	Shearjashub Spooner (December 3, 1809 in Brandon, Vermont -- March 14, 1859 in Plainfield, New Jersey) was an American physician and writer.	Shearjashub Spooner	writer
occupation	Georg Friedrich Wilhelm Rümker (December 31, 1832 -- March 3, 1900) was a German astronomer	Georg Friedrich Wilhelm Rümker	astronomer
occupation	Edwin de Leon (May 4, 1818 -- November 30, 1891) was a Confederate diplomat, writer, and journalist.	Edwin de Leon	diplomat
occupation	The Maurice Wilkes Award, awarded annually for an outstanding contribution to computer architecture made by a young computer scientist or engineer, is named after him.	Maurice Wilkes	engineer
occupation	Hermann Wiehle, full name Friedrich Martin Hermann Wiehle, (* November 18, 1884 in Ballenstedt, † July 7, 1966 in Dessau) was a German teacher and arachnologist .	Hermann Wiehle	teacher	arachnologist
occupation	William Radice is a poet, writer and translator.	William Radice	translator
occupation	Johnathan Kayne Gillaspie (born March 14, 1979) is an American fashion designer, specializing in beauty pageant gowns.	Kayne Gillaspie	fashion designer
occupation	April Steiner Bennett (born April 22, 1980 in Mesa, Arizona, United States) is an American pole vaulter.	April Steiner Bennett	pole vaulter
occupation	Samuel Mohilever (1824--1898), also Shmuel Mohilever, was a rabbi, pioneer of Religious Zionism and one of the founders of the Hovevei Zion movement.	Samuel Mohilever	rabbi
occupation	Graeme K. (b. Graeme Kennedy) is a musician, producer, and owner of Mckeenstreet Music, a small, independent record label based in Portland, Maine.	Graeme K.	musician
occupation	Daniel Vaudd (pronounced ``vode'') is a perfumer residing in London, UK.	Daniel Vaudd	perfumer
occupation	Eze Igwegbe Odum (sometimes called Chief Igwebe Odum) was an Aro Igbo politician born in the Nigerian town of Mbaukwu in present day Awka South LGA in Anambra state.	Igwegbe Odum	politician
occupation	Shahla Zaland (Persian: شهلا زلاند‎) is an Afghan singer.	Shahla Zaland	singer
occupation	Nicholas Marcellus Hentz (July 25, 1797 -- November 4, 1856) was a French American educator and arachnologist.	Nicholas Marcellus Hentz	arachnologist
occupation	Mike Morasky is an American composer, animator/visual effects artist, director and programmer.	Mike Morasky	composer
occupation	Fariborz Raisdana (Persian: فریبرز رئیس‌دانا‎‎) is an Iranian economist, socialist, activist, professor, and a member of the Iranian Writers' Association (Persian: کانون نویسندگان ایران).	Fariborz Raisdana	economist
occupation	Lutah Maria Riggs, FAIA (October 31, 1896 -- March 8, 1984) was an American architect who worked for several decades in the Southern California region.	Lutah Maria Riggs	architect
occupation	Sherman Stearns (1900 -- January 11, 1965) was an American bridge player from New York City where he died.	Sherman Stearns	bridge player
occupation	Anne Dawson is a British academic, formerly a broadcast journalist and television presenter.	Anne Dawson	journalist
occupation	Michael Delaney Dowd, Jr. (August 11, 1925 -- August 11, 2006), known as Mike Douglas, was an American ``Big Band'' era singer, entertainer, and television talk show host (The Mike Douglas Show).	Mike Douglas	singer
occupation	Henry Charles Bukowski (born Heinrich Karl Bukowski; August 16, 1920 -- March 9, 1994) was a German-born American poet, novelist, and short story writer.	Charles Bukowski	poet	novelist	writer
occupation	Donald Ogden Stewart (November 30, 1894 - August 2, 1980) was an American author and screenwriter, best known for his sophisticated golden era comedies and melodramas, such as The Philadelphia Story (based on the play by Philip Barry), Tarnished Lady and Love Affair.	Donald Ogden Stewart	screenwriter
occupation	Leonard Gardner (born 1933) is an American novelist, short story writer, and screenwriter.	Leonard Gardner	novelist	screenwriter
occupation	Tom Hurry Riches (1846--1911) was a British engineer who became the Locomotive Superintendent of the Taff Vale Railway in October 1873, and held the post until his death.	Tom Hurry Riches	engineer
occupation	Miroslav Zajonc (sometimes shown as Miro Zajonc or Miro Zayonc, born June 10, 1960) was a Czechoslovakian-born luger who later competed for both Canada and the United States between the early 1980s and the late 1980s.	Miroslav Zajonc	luger
occupation	Nora Jane Struthers (born November 11, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter based in Nashville, Tennessee who is notable for her critically acclaimed Americana (music) and roots rock.	Nora Jane Struthers	singer
occupation	Cristina Amaya (born October 28, 1988) is a Colombian racquetball player.	Cristina Amaya	racquetball player
occupation	Datuk Mohammad Nor Khalid (Jawi: محمد نور خالد), more commonly known as Lat, (born 5 March 1951) is a Malaysian cartoonist.	Lat	cartoonist
occupation	Luckily for us, YouTuber Anna Akana was more than up to the video-making task.''	Anna Akana	YouTuber
occupation	Jason Gilardi (born October 21, 1974) is the former drummer for the band Caroline's Spine (1993-2007).	Jason Gilardi	drummer
occupation	Tetsuji Shioda (塩田 徹治) is a Japanese mathematician who introduced Shioda modular surfaces and who used Mordell--	Tetsuji Shioda	mathematician
occupation	Christian Lusch (born February 19, 1981 in Bühl (Baden)) is a German sport shooter.	Christian Lusch	sport shooter
occupation	Albert Levitt (March 14, 1887 -- June 18, 1968) was a judge, law professor, attorney, and candidate for political office.	Albert Levitt	judge	professor
occupation	Amory Holbrook (August 15, 1820 -- September 26, 1866) was an American attorney and politician in the Oregon Territory.	Amory Holbrook	politician
occupation	Danny Bruno (born August 13, 1952) is an American theater, television and film actor.	Danny Bruno	actor
occupation	Charles Winick (August 4, 1922 -- July 4, 2015) was an American author, psychologist, professor of anthropology and sociology, and academician, noted for his work in the fields of gender, drug addiction, and prostitution.	Charles Winick	psychologist
occupation	David Mendenhall (born June 13, 1971) is an American actor and former child actor.	David Mendenhall	actor
occupation	Moran Caouissin (b. July 6, 1963) is an animator who did work on 1990's DuckTales the Movie:	Moran Caouissin	animator
occupation	Kal Penn (born Kalpen Suresh Modi; April 23, 1977) is an American actor, producer, and civil servant.	Kal Penn	actor
occupation	Johann Lorenz von Mosheim or Johann Lorenz Mosheim (October 9, 1693 -- September 9, 1755) was a German Lutheran church historian.	Johann Lorenz von Mosheim	historian
occupation	Russell Tyrone Jones (November 15, 1968 -- November 13, 2004), better known under his stage name Ol' Dirty Bastard (or ODB), was an American rapper and producer.	Ol' Dirty Bastard	rapper
occupation	Jurgis Kairys (born May 6, 1952 in Krasnojarsk) is a Lithuanian aerobatic pilot and aeronautical engineer.	Jurgis Kairys	engineer
occupation	Jean-Pierre Chantin is a French historian, born in 1961, associated with the University of Lyon.	Jean-Pierre Chantin	historian
occupation	Radley Balko (born April 19, 1975) is an American journalist, author, blogger, and speaker who lives in Nashville, Tennessee, and writes about criminal justice, the drug war, and civil liberties for The Washington Post.	Radley Balko	journalist
occupation	William Soesbe Harbert (September 17, 1842 -- March 24, 1919) was an American lawyer, judge, social activist, philanthropist, and Civil War soldier.	William Soesbe Harbert	lawyer
occupation	Allan deSouza (born 1958) is a photographer and multi-media artist.	Allan deSouza	photographer
occupation	On January 9, 2012, Captain Blake Luttrell, a special tactics officer, and his element were conducting a helicopter assault in Afghanistan to capture a known insurgent and improvised explosive device facilitator.	Blake Luttrell	officer
occupation	Laurel Kessel (born February 7, 1954) is a former volleyball player.	Laurel Kessel	volleyball player
occupation	William T. Orr (September 27, 1917 -- December 25, 2002) was an American television producer associated with a series of western and detective programs of the 1950s-1970s.	William T. Orr	television producer
occupation	Djamal Amrani (1935--2005) was an Algerian poet, playwright and essayist.	Djamal Amrani	poet
occupation	David Jay Reed (born 1950) is an artist who has also been an actor, photographer, graphic designer, lecturer, and artist of various mediums.	David Jay Reed	graphic designer
occupation	Michoel Muchnik is a Jewish artist associated with the Chabad-Lubavitch Hasidic movement.	Michoel Muchnik	artist
occupation	Mahasumpo Raveloson (January 1, 1909 in Belalandra, Madagascar -- October 7, 1966) was a politician from Madagascar who served in the French National Assembly from 1951-1956 .	Mahasumpo Raveloson	politician
occupation	Edward Vernon Sparhawk (1798--January 13, 1838) was an American author, poet, journalist, editor and publisher, and a contemporary of Edgar Allan Poe.	Edward Vernon Sparhawk	journalist
occupation	Carlo Antonio Campioni (November 16, 1720 -- April 12, 1788), also known as Carlo Antonio Campione or Charles Antoine Campion, was an Italian composer, as well as a collector of early music.	Carlo Antonio Campioni	composer
occupation	John Nissen is a British inventor, technologist, musician and philosopher.	John Nissen	inventor	musician	philosopher
occupation	Chaney White (born April 14, 1894 in Dallas, Texas -- February 1, 1967 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a baseball player in the Negro Leagues.	Chaney White	baseball player
occupation	Dessima Williams is a Grenadian diplomat and former Ambassador to the United Nations from Grenada who was reappointed to the ambassadorship in 2008.	Dessima Williams	diplomat
occupation	Sharman Douglas (October 5, 1928 -- February 3, 1996) was an American socialite known for her friendship with the British royal family, in particular Princess Margaret.	Sharman Douglas	socialite
occupation	Otto Eckstein (August 1, 1927 -- March 22, 1984) was a German-born economist.	Otto Eckstein	economist
occupation	Dan Catsis is an English musician who served as the guitarist for the punk band Glaxo Babies, which he founded with Geoff Alsopp and Tom Nichols in 1977 in Bristol, England.	Dan Catsis	musician
occupation	Mani Martin, born Maniraruta Martin, is a Rwandan actor and Afrobeat, gospel, pop music and R&B singer and songwriter.	Mani Martin	actor	singer	songwriter
occupation	Don Oreck (August 31, 1930 -- March 5, 2006) was an American actor who, between 1955 and 1961, played supporting roles in numerous television series and made uncredited appearances in a few feature films.	Don Oreck	actor
occupation	David Cloyd (born 1974) is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, producer, and music engineer.	David Cloyd	singer-songwriter
occupation	Stephen Eyton or Edon (fl. 1320?), was an English chronicler.	Stephen Eyton	chronicler
occupation	James Grippando (born 1958) is an American novelist and lawyer.	James Grippando	novelist
occupation	José Jesús Francisco Zúñiga Chavarría (December 26, 1912 -- August 9, 1998) was a Costa Rican-born Mexican artist, known both for his painting and his sculpture.	Francisco Zúñiga	artist
occupation	Patrick Fabian (born December 7, 1964) is an American actor of film, stage and television, best known for his frequent guest star roles on episodic television.	Patrick Fabian	actor
occupation	Herb Siler (b. January 5, 1935 Brundidge, Alabama, USA - d. March 25, 2001 Miami) was a heavyweight boxer.	Herb Siler	boxer
occupation	James Earl Major (January 5, 1887 -- January 4, 1972) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois and a United States federal judge.	James Earl Major	judge
occupation	Jean-Marc Carisse has photographed the political, cultural and social scenes in Ottawa and around the world for over 40 years, including stints as official photographer serving the Prime Minister's Office (Trudeau, Turner and Chrétien) and as a freelancer.	Jean-Marc Carisse	photographer
occupation	Rathna Shekar Reddy is an Indian film actor from Hyderabad, Telangana.	Rathna Shekar Reddy	actor
occupation	Georg Seelig is a Swiss computer scientist, bioengineer, and Synthetic biologist.	Georg Seelig	computer scientist
occupation	David Horace Clift (June 16, 1907 -- October 12, 1972) was a noted American librarian and former chief executive of the American Library Association (ALA) from 1951 to 1972.	David Horace Clift	librarian
occupation	Petros Avgerinos (Greek: Πέτρος Αυγερινός, 18th century - 19th century) was a Greek politician	Petros Avgerinos	politician
occupation	Arko Pravo Mukherjee (Bengali: অর্ক প্রভ মুখার্জি) is an Indian music composer, singer, songwriter working in Bollywood film industry since 2012.	Arko Pravo Mukherjee	composer
occupation	Wendy Lesser (born 1952) is an American critic, novelist, and editor based in Berkeley, California.	Wendy Lesser	novelist
occupation	Juan Marino Cabello (1920--2007) was a Chilean composer, writer, screenwriter, bandleader and lyricist.	Juan Marino Cabello	composer
occupation	Benjamin Ruggles (February 21, 1783 -- September 2, 1857) was a National Republican and Whig politician from Ohio.	Benjamin Ruggles	politician
occupation	Alain Roby, holder of three Guinness World Records, is an international pastry chef guru and has also won over twenty culinary awards throughout his career.	Alain Roby	chef
occupation	María Figueroa (born April 27, 2000) is a Spanish child singer.	María Figueroa	singer
occupation	Gardo Versoza, `` Mennen Torres Polintan '' born on November 8, 1969, is a popular Filipino actor who has appeared in over forty movies and dozens of television shows.	Gardo Versoza	actor
occupation	Kristine Belson is a film producer and as of 2015 the president of Sony Pictures Animation.	Kristine Belson	film producer
occupation	Mary Lea Heger (July 13, 1897 -- July 13, 1983, later Mary Lea Shane) was an American astronomer who made important discoveries on the interstellar medium.	Mary Lea Heger	astronomer
occupation	Atsidi Sani (Navajo: Atsidii Sání) (ca. 1830 -- ca. 1918) was the first known Navajo silversmith.	Atsidi Sani	silversmith
occupation	Don Raúl Fajardo Moreno was a Colombian architect in Medellín.	Raúl Fajardo Moreno	architect
occupation	Dalton Baldwin (born December 19, 1931) is an American collaborative pianist.	Dalton Baldwin	pianist
occupation	Edward Humes is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and non-fiction writer.	Edward Humes	journalist
occupation	Evans Chan (陳耀成) is a Hong Kong Second Wave film director.	Evans Chan	film director
occupation	Peyton Short (December 17, 1761 -- September 1, 1825) was a land speculator and politician in Kentucky.	Peyton Short	politician
occupation	C. J. Kemp (born May 4, 1980 in Potomac, Maryland) was a professional lacrosse player with the Rochester Rattlers and Baltimore Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse and an All-American goalkeeper at Fairfield University.	C. J. Kemp	lacrosse player
occupation	Shadrach Woods (June 30, 1923 -- July 31, 1973) was an American architect, urban planner and theorist.	Shadrach Woods	architect
occupation	Roger Barbour (fl. 1415) was an English politician.	Roger Barbour	politician
occupation	Wilson Waigwa (born February 15, 1949) is a Kenyan long distance and middle distance runner.	Wilson Waigwa	middle distance runner
occupation	Wilmot Reed Hastings, Jr. (born October 8, 1960) is an American entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Reed Hastings	entrepreneur
occupation	Tamara Oudyn is an Australian television presenter and reporter.	Tamara Oudyn	television presenter
occupation	Nathuram Premi (in Hindi -- नाथूराम प्रेमी) was a writer, publisher, poet, editor, linguist and an intellectual giant in the field of Jainism as well as Hindi literature.	Nathuram Premi	publisher	linguist
occupation	Jonathan Tremblay (born November 15, 1984) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 2011 election.	Jonathan Tremblay	politician
occupation	Norman Liss is a prominent Manhattan lawyer.	Norman Liss	lawyer
occupation	Ella Sergeyeva (Russian: Элла Сергеева) is a retired Russian rower who won six European titles in the coxed fours between 1958 and 1964.	Ella Sergeyeva	rower
occupation	Micha Wertheim (1972, Groningen) is a Dutch stand-up comedian and satirist.	Micha Wertheim	comedian
occupation	Thomas K. Mooney (January 30, 1962 -- June 28, 2007) was an American diplomat and Army officer until his disappearance and death in 2007.	Thomas K. Mooney	diplomat
occupation	Albert Garzia (born 1977) is a Maltese composer, musician and music teacher.	Albert Garzia	composer	musician
occupation	Joel Goodman is an American film composer, music business entrepreneur and educator.	Joel Goodman	composer
occupation	John Wesley Wescott (February 20, 1849 -- June 11, 1927) was an American lawyer and jurist who served as Attorney General of New Jersey from 1914 to 1919.	John Wesley Wescott	lawyer
occupation	Tolga Safer is a British actor who is best known for playing Igor Karkaroff's Aide in the movie version of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.	Tolga Safer	actor
occupation	Hwang Wang-hsiang (Chinese: 黃萬翔; pinyin: Huáng Wànxiáng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Hwang Wang-hsiang	politician
occupation	David Montrose (August 17, 1905 -- February 1, 1977), better known as Newsboy Brown, was an American boxer.	Newsboy Brown	boxer
occupation	Noah Davis (September 10, 1818 Haverhill, Grafton County, New Hampshire - March 20, 1902 New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Noah Davis	lawyer	politician
occupation	Thalmus Rasulala (born Jack Crowder; November 15, 1939 -- October 9, 1991) was an American actor with a long career in theater, television, and movies.	Thalmus Rasulala	actor
occupation	Georgios Bonanos (Greek: Γεώργιος Μπονάνος; 1863--1940) was a Greek sculptor.	Georgios Bonanos	sculptor
occupation	Henry Clay, Jr. (April 10, 1811 -- February 23, 1847) was an American politician and soldier from Kentucky, the third son of US Senator and Congressman Henry Clay and Lucretia Hart Clay.	Henry Clay, Jr.	politician
occupation	Jonathan Edward Caldwell (born March 24, 1883, date of death unknown) was a self-taught aeronautical engineer who designed a series of bizarre aircraft and started public companies in order to finance their construction.	Jonathan Edward Caldwell	engineer
occupation	Charles Baker Adams (January 11, 1814 -- January 19, 1853) was an American educator and naturalist.	Charles Baker Adams	educator	naturalist
occupation	Maryam Heydarzadeh (Persian: مریم حیدرزاده‎; born November 20, 1977) is a contemporary Iranian poet, lyricist, and singer.	Maryam Heydarzadeh	poet	singer
occupation	José Arturo Santos Reyes (born December 28, 1985 in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas), is a Mexican amateur boxer best known to win silver at the world junior championships 2004 at flyweight and qualify for the Olympics 2008 at featherweight.	Arturo Santos Reyes	boxer
occupation	Juan Manuel Lozano Mejía (1929--2007) was a Mexican physicist whose area of specialty was classical mechanics.	Juan Manuel Lozano Mejía	physicist
occupation	Jay Eaton was an American character actor whose career spanned both the silent and sound film eras.	Jay Eaton	actor
occupation	Robert Theodore Anderson (October 5, 1934 -- May 29, 2009) was an American organist, composer and pedagogue.	Robert Theodore Anderson	composer
occupation	Kunal Deshmukh is an Indian film director and restaurateur.	Kunal Deshmukh	film director
occupation	Joyce Carey was born Joyce Lawrence, the daughter of the actor Gerald Lawrence, a handsome matinée idol who had been a juvenile in Henry Irving's Shakespeare company, and his wife, the actress Lilian Braithwaite, a major West End star.	Joyce Carey	actor
occupation	Pepa Hristova, is a Bulgarian photographer, born on April 25, 1977 in Sevlievo, Bulgaria.	Pepa Hristova	photographer
occupation	Chuck Dukowski (born Gary Arthur McDaniel; February 1, 1954) is a Californian punk rock musician, best known as a founding member and bass player for Black Flag.	Chuck Dukowski	musician
occupation	Abi Ferrin is a fashion designer based out of Dallas, Texas.	Abi Ferrin	fashion designer
occupation	Virgil Cecil Garriott (August 15, 1916 -- February 20, 1990) was an American professional baseball player during the middle of the 20th century.	Cecil Garriott	baseball player
occupation	Robert McDonald Jones (October 1, 1808 -- February 22, 1872) was a member of the Choctaw Nation, Pro-Tempore of the Choctaw Senate, and prominent Confederate politician.	Robert McDonald Jones	politician
occupation	Lawson Wilkins was a pioneering pediatric endocrinologist.	Lawson Wilkins	endocrinologist
occupation	Royler Gracie (born December 6, 1965) is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner.	Royler Gracie	mixed martial artist
occupation	Mohammad Forouzandeh (Persian: محمد فروزنده) is an Iranian politician and security figure and the former head of the Bonyad-e Mostazafen va Janbazan (Foundation of the Oppressed and Disabled).	Mohammad Forouzandeh	politician
occupation	Ismaïl Sghyr (Arabic: اسماعيل صغير‎; born March 16, 1972 in Taroudannt) is a French-Moroccan long-distance runner.	Ismaïl Sghyr	long-distance runner
occupation	John W. Barrett, a mathematician who teaches and is a professor at Imperial College, London.	John W. Barrett	mathematician
occupation	Hiroya Takada (born August 16, 1977) is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competed in the Heavyweight division.	Hiroya Takada	mixed martial artist
occupation	Johannes de Groot (May 7, 1914 -- September 11, 1972) was a Dutch mathematician, the leading Dutch topologist for more than two decades following World War II.	Johannes de Groot	mathematician	topologist
occupation	Ernesto Lecuona y Casado (Spanish pronunciation: (eɾˈnesto leˈkwona); August 6, 1895 -- November 29, 1963) was a Cuban composer and pianist of worldwide fame.	Ernesto Lecuona	composer	pianist
occupation	Gregg Feinerman is a LASIK surgeon practicing in Newport Beach, California.	Gregg Feinerman	surgeon
occupation	Stephen Rannazzisi (born July 4, 1978) is an American actor and stand-up comedian.	Stephen Rannazzisi	actor
occupation	Saksham Kulkarni (Marathi: सक्शम कुलकर्णी) is an Indian Maharashtrian actor, well known for his role in the popular Marathi film De Dhakka and in the year 2012 film Kaksparsh as Sankarshan.	Saksham Kulkarni	actor
occupation	Ben Sargent (born November 26, 1948) is a retired American editorial cartoonist.	Ben Sargent	cartoonist
occupation	Shamil Shetekauri (Georgian: შამილ შეთეკაური) (born July 10, 1955, Khone, Dusheti District, Georgia), is a Georgian scientist, botanist, botanical geography specialist in the study of flora, biodiversity, taxonomy of plants and plant ecology.	Shamil Shetekauri	botanist
occupation	Fethi Zghonda is a Tunisian musician, composer, and conductor.	Fethi Zghonda	composer	conductor
occupation	Jan Sahl (born April 20, 1950 in Meløy) is a Norwegian politician who has been a member of the Norwegian Parliament for Nordland County since 1997.	Jan Sahl	politician
occupation	Speusippus (/spjuːˈsɪpəs/; Greek: Σπεύσιππος; c. 408 -- 339/8 BC) was an ancient Greek philosopher.	Speusippus	philosopher
occupation	Martin A. Carr was an Irish born architect, educated in England who was well known for his designs of Chicago area churches.	Martin A. Carr	architect
occupation	Søren Galatius (born August 1, 1976) is a Danish mathematician who works as a professor of mathematics at Stanford University.	Søren Galatius	mathematician
occupation	Herman Churchill (1869--1941) was an American historian and college professor.	Herman Churchill	historian
occupation	Paul Olum (August 16, 1918 -- January 19, 2001) was an American mathematician (algebraic topology), professor of mathematics, and university administrator.	Paul Olum	mathematician
occupation	Holt McCallany (born Holt Quinn McAloney; September 3, 1963) is an American actor, writer, and producer working primarily in film and television.	Holt McCallany	actor
occupation	Steve Drowne is a professional flat racing jockey.	Steve Drowne	jockey
occupation	Scott L. Schwartz AKA The Ultimate Bad Guy is an American film and television actor and stuntman, and former professional wrestler.	Scott L. Schwartz	actor
occupation	Tobi Nussbaum is a Canadian diplomat and politician, best known as the city councillor for the Rideau-Rockcliffe Ward in Ottawa, Ontario.	Tobi Nussbaum	diplomat
occupation	José Sacristán (born September 27, 1937) is a Spanish film, theatre and television actor.	José Sacristán	actor
occupation	Arno Voss (April 16, 1821 -- March 23, 1888) was a German American military commander, lawyer, and politician.	Arno Voss	politician
occupation	Alexandra Pierce (born February 21, 1934) is an American composer, pianist, music theorist, movement educator, author, and Emerita Research Professor of Music and Movement at the University of Redlands.	Alexandra Pierce	composer
occupation	Federico Gamboa is well known as one of the most representative Mexican novelist of Porfirio Díaz regime;	Federico Gamboa	novelist
occupation	Gunnlaugr Leifsson (d. 1218 or 1219) was an Icelandic scholar, author and poet.	Gunnlaugr Leifsson	poet
occupation	William Salesbury also Salusbury (c. 1520 -- c. 1584) was the leading Welsh scholar of the Renaissance and the principal translator of the 1567 Welsh New Testament.	William Salesbury	translator
occupation	Lin Ming-chen (Chinese: 林明溱; pinyin: Lín Míngqín) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Lin Ming-chen	politician
occupation	Nick Heather is a clinical psychologist, alcohol researcher and Emeritus Professor of Alcohol & Other Drug Studies at Northumbria University.	Nick Heather	psychologist
occupation	Leonel Cota Montaño (b. on April 23, 1958) is a Mexican politician.	Leonel Cota Montaño	politician
occupation	Jan Helfeld is a political journalist who conducts interviews and produces documentaries.	Jan Helfeld	journalist
occupation	Dorwin Demarcus Dorrough (born October 28, 1986), better known by his stage name Dorrough Music or ``Six 3'', is an American rapper and songwriter under Platinum Recording.	Dorrough	rapper
occupation	Keith McDermott (born 1953) is an American actor, theater director, and writer.	Keith McDermott	actor
occupation	William Vandyck is an actor, writer and practising barrister.	William Vandyck	writer
occupation	Werner Güra is a notable singer of Lieder, mostly accompanied by Christoph Berner.	Werner Güra	singer
occupation	Carole Maso is a contemporary American novelist and essayist, known for her experimental, poetic and fragmentary narratives often called postmodern.	Carole Maso	novelist
occupation	Jedd Novatt (born 1958) is an American sculptor who creates dynamic, non-representational compositions of geometric forms.	Jedd Novatt	sculptor
occupation	Joseph Lourigan (March 19, 1901 -- December 30, 1973) was an American politician and auto worker.	Joseph Lourigan	politician
occupation	DJ Sharkey (born Jonathan Kneath) is a British record producer, disc jockey and rapper who, as of September 2011, is mostly retired from music production and performance.	DJ Sharkey	disc jockey
occupation	Lisa Bonder (also known as Lisa Bonder-Kreiss and Lisa Bonder-Kerkorian) (born October 16, 1965) is a retired American professional tennis player.	Lisa Bonder	tennis player
occupation	Buddy Roosevelt (June 25, 1898 -- October 6, 1973) was an American film and television actor and stunt performer from Hollywood's early silent film years through the 1950s.	Buddy Roosevelt	actor
occupation	Dinesh Chand (born 6 February 1972) is a Fijian professional golfer who plays mainly on the Japan Golf Tour.	Dinesh Chand	golfer
occupation	George E. Bemi is a Canadian architect who practiced in Ottawa, Canada from 1955 to 2005.	George E. Bemi	architect
occupation	Chris Crutcher (born July 17, 1946) is an American novelist and a family therapist.	Chris Crutcher	novelist	family therapist
occupation	Mark McCullough (born August 7, 1967) is an American businessman, attorney, and Republican politician from Oklahoma.	Mark McCullough	politician
occupation	Abdel Rahim Mohammed Hussein (1949 -- present) (Arabic: عبد الرحيم محمد حسين‎) is a Sudanese politician and the current Governor of Khartoum State.	Abdel Rahim Mohammed Hussein	politician
occupation	Jeff Elbel is an American musician, songwriter, and producer currently based near Chicago, Illinois.	Jeff Elbel	songwriter
occupation	Oliver Darley is a singer and actor.	Oliver Darley	actor
occupation	Chip Mosher (born in Chillecothe, Ohio) is a poet, high school teacher and newspaper columnist who writes about education and history.	Chip Mosher	teacher
occupation	Paul Majunke (1842 - 1899) was a Catholic priest, journalist and Reichstag deputy.	Paul Majunke	journalist
occupation	Mark Kelley is a Canadian television journalist, associated with CBC News.	Mark Kelley	journalist
occupation	Martha Scanlan is an old-time, traditional music singer-songwriter.	Martha Scanlan	singer-songwriter
occupation	José Larralde (Huanguelén, Coronel Suárez, Buenos Aires Province, October 22, 1937) is an Argentine singer-songwriter of folk music.	José Larralde	singer
occupation	Marijn de Vries (born 19 November 1978) is a Dutch racing cyclist and journalist.	Marijn de Vries	journalist
occupation	Aimé Barraud (1902--1954) was a Swiss painter, remembered as part of the Neue Sachlichkeit (New Objectivity) movement which emerged after the war.	Aimé Barraud	painter
occupation	Cristoforo Munari (July 21, 1667 -- June 3, 1720) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque specializing in still life paintings.	Cristoforo Munari	painter
occupation	Helinä Häkkänen-Nyholm is a Finnish psychologist who has studied narcissism and psychopathy and wrote the first Finnish textbook on the subject, Psykopatia.	Helinä Häkkänen-Nyholm	psychologist
occupation	Johnny O'Neal (born October 10, 1956 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American neo-bop jazz pianist and vocalist.	Johnny O'Neal	pianist
occupation	Jacques Dimont (February 2, 1945 -- December 31, 1994) was a French fencer and Olympic champion in foil competition.	Jacques Dimont	fencer
occupation	Bazid Khan (born 25 March 1981 in Lahore) is a Pakistani commentator and former test cricketer.	Bazid Khan	cricketer
occupation	William Orpen was a fine draughtsman and a popular, commercially successful, painter of portraits for the well-to-do in Edwardian society.	William Orpen	painter
occupation	Bruce Walters (born November 29, 1954 in Davenport, Iowa), is an artist who has exhibitioned digital artworks, graphite drawings and paintings primarily in the American Midwest.	Bruce Walters	artist
occupation	Reni Lane (born Reni Jablonsky; January 10, 1988) is a singer-songwriter and alt pop/rock artist hailing from Oregon now living in New York City.	Reni Lane	singer
occupation	Vyacheslav Pereteyko (Uzbek: Вячеслав Перетейко; born January 19, 1981 in Tashkent) is an Uzbek judoka, who competed in the men's middleweight category.	Vyacheslav Pereteyko	judoka
occupation	Vijaya Bhaskar (Kannada: ವಿಜಯಭಾಸ್ಕರ್; 1924--2002) was an Indian music director and composer who composed music for several mainstream and experimental feature films in Kannada film industry.	Vijaya Bhaskar	composer
occupation	Rafael Pont Flores was an educator, sportsman and journalist.	Rafael Pont Flores	journalist
occupation	Saori Kondo (born 1956) is a former badminton player who won Japanese national titles and excelled internationally in the late 1970s and the early 1980s.	Saori Kondo	badminton player
occupation	Leodamas of Thasos (c. 380 BC) was a Greek mathematician and a contemporary of Plato, about whom little is known.	Leodamas of Thasos	mathematician
occupation	Veronika Jenet is an Australian film editor, best known for The Piano, Rabbit-Proof Fence and Lore.	Veronika Jenet	film editor
occupation	He was bandleader of the Glenn Miller Orchestra from 1966 to 1974, under the name, ``The World Famous Glenn Miller Orchestra, Directed By Buddy DeFranco''.	Buddy DeFranco	bandleader
occupation	Bessie Schonberg (December 27, 1906 -- May 14, 1997) was a highly influential dancer, choreographer and teacher of the 20th century.	Bessie Schonberg	choreographer
occupation	Josef Werndl was a famous Austrian arms producer and inventor.	Josef Werndl	inventor
occupation	Aert van den Bossche or the Master of the Crispinus and Crispinianus-Legend (also known as Aert Panhedel, Aert van Panhedel, Arnoul de Panhedel, Arnoul Vanden Bossche and Harnoult van den Boske) was an Early Netherlandish painter of altarpieces, active in Brussels and Bruges in the late 15th century.	Aert van den Bossche	painter
occupation	Vickie Otis, better known by her ring name Princess Victoria, is a retired professional wrestler.	Vickie Otis	professional wrestler
occupation	Huang Da (Chinese: 黄达; Pinyin: Huáng Dá; born February 22, 1925) is a Chinese economist and was the President of Renmin University of China.	Huang Da	economist
occupation	Luv Ranjan is an Indian film director, writer.	Luv Ranjan	film director
occupation	Melesio Morales (sometimes spelled Melisio Morales) (December 4, 1838 -- May 12, 1908) was a Mexican composer.	Melesio Morales	composer
occupation	Heather Levi is an American anthropologist best known for her research in lucha libre.	Heather Levi	anthropologist
occupation	Mario Migliardi (May 31, 1919 -- August 8, 2000) was an Italian composer of music for movies and TV.	Mario Migliardi	composer
occupation	Joyce Sparer Adler (December 2, 1915 -- September 13, 1999) was an American critic, playwright, and teacher.	Joyce Sparer Adler	playwright
occupation	G. Pat Collins, also known as George Pat Collins or Pat Collins (December 16, 1895 -- August 5, 1959) was an American actor of the stage and screen.	G. Pat Collins	actor
occupation	Lu Hsiu-yi (Chinese: 盧修一; pinyin: Lú Xiūyī; Wade--Giles: Lú Hsiū-ī) was a Taiwanese politician and member of the Legislative Yuan.	Lu Hsiu-yi	politician
occupation	Hamid Golpira (Persian: حمید گل پیرا; January 16, 1960 -- July 7, 2015) was an Iranian American journalist, author and human rights activist.	Hamid Golpira	journalist	activist
occupation	Alfred Ellet Hitchner (December 11, 1882 -- December 16, 1959) was an American football player, coach, electrical engineer and businessman.	Alfred Ellet Hitchner	engineer
occupation	Gail Palmer (also Gail Palmer-Slater, real name Gail Parmentier, born in 1955) is an American former writer, producer and director of pornographic movies in the U.S. during the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Gail Palmer	writer
occupation	Jian-Shu Li (Traditional Chinese: 勵建書; Simplified Chinese: 励建书), also known as LI Jianshu, is a notable Chinese mathematician.	Jian-Shu Li	mathematician
occupation	James Kirkpatrick Stewart is a Canadian lawyer with over thirty years of experience as Crown counsel handling criminal trials and appeals for the prosecution, including more than eight years working with the United Nations in international criminal law prosecutions as a trial and appellate counsel and legal manager.	James Kirkpatrick Stewart	lawyer
occupation	Kao Kuo-ching (traditional Chinese: 高國慶; simplified Chinese: 高国庆; pinyin: Gāo Guóqìng; Wade--Giles: Kao1 Kuo2 Ching4; born October 6, 1978) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni-President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League as first baseman.	Kao Kuo-ching	baseball player
occupation	David Haussler (born 1953) is an American bioinformatician known for his work leading the team that assembled the first human genome sequence in the race to complete the Human Genome Project and subsequently for comparative genome analysis that deepens understanding the molecular function and evolution of the genome.	David Haussler	bioinformatician
occupation	Tony Rothman (born 1953) is an American theoretical physicist, academic and writer.	Tony Rothman	physicist	writer
occupation	Enoch Kelly Haney (born November 12, 1940) is an American politician and internationally recognized Native American artist from Oklahoma, He served as principal chief of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma from 2005 until 2009, and was previously a member of the Oklahoma Legislature.	Enoch Kelly Haney	politician
occupation	Leopold Caspari (July 28, 1830 -- March 11, 1915) was a French-born businessman and politician from Natchitoches, Louisiana.	Leopold Caspari	politician
occupation	Joe Marra (born December 12, 1987 in Smithtown, New York) is a professional lacrosse player with the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse.	Joe Marra	lacrosse player
occupation	John Pfahl (February 17, 1939, New York City, New York) is an American photographer.	John Pfahl	photographer
occupation	Gilbert Levin is an American engineer, the founder of Spherix and the principal investigator of the Viking mission Labeled Release experiment.	Gilbert Levin	engineer
occupation	Mostafa Salameh (born June 25, 1970) is a Jordanian mountaineer who has completed the Seven Summits, including Mount Everest in 2008.	Mostafa Salameh	mountaineer
occupation	Al Walker (born March 19, 1959) is a former basketball coach.	Al Walker	basketball coach
occupation	Rawson Marshall Thurber (born February 9, 1975) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and actor.	Rawson Marshall Thurber	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Deborah Reber is a young-adult fiction and non-fiction writer.	Deborah Reber	writer
occupation	Yoshiki Ohmura (born March 1, 1975 in Maennedorf) is a Swiss racing driver, currently driving a Tatuus Formula Abarth for Squadra Corse and Tomcat Racing.	Yoshiki Ohmura	racing driver
occupation	Walter Paine is an American author, journalist, and publisher.	Walter Paine	journalist
occupation	R. J. Danvers (born October 13, 1988) is a former American gay pornographic actor who appeared in gay pornographic films and magazines.	R. J. Danvers	pornographic actor
occupation	Nenad Sudarov (born January 1, 1975 in Kikinda) is an ITU- listed Olympic and Half Ironman distance triathlete from Serbia.	Nenad Sudarov	triathlete
occupation	Matt Zash (born October 18, 1983 in Massapequa, New York) is a retired lacrosse player, formerly of the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League, and of the Long Island Lizards of Major League Lacrosse.	Matt Zash	lacrosse player
occupation	Walter Zürn (born August 21, 1937) is a German physicist and seismologist.	Walter Zürn	physicist	seismologist
occupation	Megan Redmond (born March 1996 in Portland, Oregon) is an American country music singer-songwriter living in Nashville, Tennessee and Denver, Colorado, where she started her band in 2011.	Megan Redmond	singer-songwriter
occupation	Donald Michael Kraig (March 28, 1951 -- March 17, 2014) was an American occult author and practitioner of ceremonial magic.	Donald Michael Kraig	author
occupation	David Arthur Evans (February 10, 1915 - December 14, 1989) was a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Simcoe Centre in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1960 to 1977 as a Conservative member.	David Arthur Evans	politician
occupation	Dorothy Sloop (September 26, 1913 -- July 28, 1998), also known as Dorothy Sloop Heflick, was an American jazz musician.	Dorothy Sloop	jazz musician
occupation	Kinshuk Mahajan is an Indian actor and model, who appears in Indian soaps.	Kinshuk Mahajan	actor	model
occupation	Charles T. Clotfelter (born August 20, 1947) is an economist and the Z. Smith Reynolds Professor of Public Policy Studies and Professor of Economics and Law at the Sanford School of Public Policy at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, where he has taught since 1979.	Charles T. Clotfelter	economist
occupation	Nelly Petkova (Bulgarian: Нели Петкова) is a Bulgarian singer, and an ex-vocalist of ``Ku-Ku Band''.	Nelly Petkova	singer
occupation	Daniel Despotovic (born December 9, 1989) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Hammarby Hockey.	Daniel Despotovic	ice hockey player
occupation	Bjarne Hansen is a Danish art director, painter and colorist.	Bjarne Hansen	art director
occupation	Noh Woo-jin (Hangul: 노우진; born June 27, 1980), is a South Korean comedian.	Noh Woo-jin	comedian
occupation	Margaret Wilks is a former international cricketer, who played nine Women's One Day Internationals, representing Young England in the 1973 Women's Cricket World Cup and England in the 1978 Women's Cricket World Cup in India.	Margaret Wilks	cricketer
occupation	Donald Schmitt, MARCH, OAA, MRAIC, AIA, NCARB (born 1951) is a Canadian architect.	Donald Schmitt	architect
occupation	As of June 1, 2005, Thangkhangin Ngaihte is an Indian politician.	Thangkhangin Ngaihte	politician
occupation	Jeanne Windham is a psychologist and mediator from Polson, Montana who served one term as a Democratic member of the Montana House of Representatives.	Jeanne Windham	psychologist
occupation	Bill McMorris (born 1986) is an American journalist who serves as a staff writer for the conservative website The Washington Free Beacon and has contributed to Watchdog.org.	Bill McMorris	journalist
occupation	Marco Sammartino was a late 17th-century Italian painter and etcher of the Baroque period.	Marco Sammartino	painter
occupation	Neil R. Miller is an American neuro-ophthalmologist.	Neil R. Miller	ophthalmologist
occupation	Olivera Jevtić (Serbian Cyrillic: Оливера Јевтић, born July 24, 1977) is a Serbian long-distance runner.	Olivera Jevtić	long-distance runner
occupation	Aidan James Laprete Powell (born September 6, 2001) is an American singer, musician, and actor.	Aidan James	musician	actor
occupation	Margaret Wagar (April 6, 1902 -- January 6, 1990) was an American bridge player from Delaware, Ohio and Atlanta, Georgia.	Margaret Wagar	bridge player
occupation	As a columnist and journalist, Jake T. Forbes covered anime, manga and pop culture for the Los Angeles Times, The Pulse, and Anime Fringe.	Jake T. Forbes	journalist
occupation	Prosper Cravath, Jr. (May 28, 1809 -- May 20, 1886) was an American farmer and lawyer from Whitewater, Wisconsin who held various public offices, including being a member of the 1st Wisconsin Legislature from Walworth County.	Prosper Cravath	lawyer
occupation	Jackie Beat (born 8 November 1965) is the drag persona of actor, singer, songwriter and screenwriter Kent Fuher.	Jackie Beat	screenwriter
occupation	George Willard (March 20, 1824 -- March 26, 1901) was a politician and newspaperman from the U.S. state of Michigan.	George Willard	politician
occupation	Martin Gardner (October 21, 1914 -- May 22, 2010) was an American popular mathematics and popular science writer, with interests also encompassing micromagic, scientific skepticism, philosophy, religion, and literature--especially the writings of Lewis Carroll and G.K. Chesterton.	Martin Gardner	writer
occupation	Martin Schoeller (born March 12, 1968) is a New York-based photographer whose style of ``hyper-detailed close ups'' is distinguished by similar treatment of all subjects whether they are celebrities or unknown.	Martin Schoeller	photographer
occupation	J. Todd Anderson is a storyboard artist who has worked primarily with the Coen brothers, but also with an array of other filmmakers.	J. Todd Anderson	storyboard artist
occupation	Adrien d'Épinay was a lawyer and politician from Mauritius who at the beginning of the 19th century helped found the Société royale des Arts et des Sciences de l'île Maurice, the Bank of Mauritius and the first independent and daily newspaper in Mauritius, Le Cernéen, after the Portuguese name for the island.	Adrien d'Épinay	lawyer	politician
occupation	Rodolfo Galindo Ramirez (September 27, 1923 -- July 19, 1999) was a Mexican luchador and film actor, best known by his ring name Cavernario Galindo (Caveman Galindo), who was active in Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre from the 1930s to the 1990s.	Cavernario Galindo	actor
occupation	Laura Esquivel (born September 30, 1950) is a Mexican novelist, essayist, and screenwriter who has made noted contributions to Latin-American literature.	Laura Esquivel	novelist	screenwriter
occupation	John Danowski (born March 12, 1954) is an American college lacrosse coach who has been the head coach of the Duke Blue Devils men's lacrosse team since the 2007 season.	John Danowski	head coach
occupation	Noah Greenberg (1919, Bronx -- 8 January 1966, New York City) was an American choral conductor.	Noah Greenberg	conductor
occupation	Jaiprakash Gaur (Hindi: जय प्रकाश गौर) (born c.1930) is an Indian entrepreneur.	Jaiprakash Gaur	entrepreneur
occupation	Rich Swingle is an American film actor, screenwriter and stage actor.	Rich Swingle	actor
occupation	Linda Carr is an American pop-soul singer.	Linda Carr	singer
occupation	Joe Stowell (born December 24, 1926) is an American basketball coach and broadcaster.	Joe Stowell	basketball coach
occupation	Bill Richmond (August 5, 1763 -- December 28, 1829) was an African-American boxer, born a slave in Cuckold's Town (now Richmondtown), Staten Island, New York.	Bill Richmond	boxer
occupation	Bennie Turner (August 21, 1948 -- November 27, 2012) was an American broadcaster, lawyer, and legislator.	Bennie Turner	lawyer
occupation	Arturo Casco Hernández (March 17, 1961 -- September 12, 2010) was a Mexican luchador, or professional wrestler who was best known under the ring name La Fiera, which is Spanish for ``The Beast''.	La Fiera	professional wrestler
occupation	Mario César Kindelán Mesa (born August 10, 1971), best known as Mario Kindelán, is a Cuban former amateur boxer.	Mario Kindelán	boxer
occupation	Molly McGuire is a singer-songwriter currently based in Los Angeles, California.	Molly McGuire	singer
occupation	José María Rosa (August 20, 1906 -- July 2, 1991), also known as Pepe Rosa, was an Argentine historian, one of the most notable of the Argentine nationalist revisionist historians.	José María Rosa	historian
occupation	Remidus E. Kissassi is a Tanzanian politician and one of five Tanzanian members of the African Union's Pan-African Parliament.	Remidus E. Kissassi	politician
occupation	Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak (born February 24, 1942 in Calcutta, British Raj) is an Indian-born scholar, teacher and translator.	Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak	translator
occupation	Sir Edwin Cooper Perry, GCVO (1856-1938) was a physician and medical administrator who became Vice-Chancellor of the University of London.	Cooper Perry	physician
occupation	David Yee is a Canadian actor and playwright.	David Yee	playwright
occupation	Jared Tyler, Tulsa Oklahoma, is an American singer-songwriter.	Jared Tyler	singer-songwriter
occupation	Esperidião Amin Helou Filho (December 21, 1947) is a Brazilian politician born in a family of businessmen and politicians of Lebanese origin.	Esperidião Amin	politician
occupation	Nir Brand (born June 6, 1961) is an Israeli conductor and musician.	Nir Brand	conductor
occupation	Choi Sun-ho (also Choi Seon-ho, Korean: 최선호; born June 24, 1977) is a South Korean judoka, who played for the middleweight category.	Choi Sun-ho	judoka
occupation	Peter Polycarpou is a Greek Cypriot-British stage and TV and film actor, best known for playing Chris Theodopolopoudos in the television comedy series Birds of a Feather.	Peter Polycarpou	actor
occupation	Cristina Álvarez Rodríguez (1967) is an Argentine architect, great-niece of Eva Perón.	Cristina Álvarez Rodríguez	architect
occupation	Hans Grundig (February 19, 1901 -- September 11, 1958) was a German painter and graphic artist associated with the New Objectivity movement.	Hans Grundig	painter
occupation	Peter Sempel is a film maker and photographer.	Peter Sempel	photographer
occupation	Claude Fredericks (October 14, 1923 -- January 11, 2013) was an American poet, playwright, printer, writer, and teacher.	Claude Fredericks	playwright
occupation	Janildes Fernandes Silva is a Brazilian road bicycle racer.	Janildes Fernandes	bicycle racer
occupation	Jean Shinoda Bolen, M.D. is a psychiatrist (Jungian archetypes) and author.	Jean Shinoda Bolen	psychiatrist
occupation	Frank Buttery (May 13, 1851 -- December 16, 1902) was an American professional baseball player who played during the 1872 season for the Middletown Mansfields in the National Association.	Frank Buttery	baseball player
occupation	Othmar Spann (October 1, 1878 -- July 8, 1950) was a conservative Austrian philosopher, sociologist and economist whose radical anti-liberal and anti-Socialist views, based on early 19th century Romantic ideas expressed by Adam Müller et al.	Othmar Spann	philosopher	sociologist	economist
occupation	Arthur Fairbanks (November 13, 1864 Hanover, New Hampshire -- January 13, 1944 Cambridge, Massachusetts) was an art historian and administrator who lived and worked in the United States.	Arthur Fairbanks	art historian
occupation	Vasif Adigozalov was greatly influenced by Gara Garayev (1918-1982), the distinguished Azerbaijani composer and teacher with whom Vasif had studied at the Azerbaijan Conservatory in 1953-1959.	Vasif Adigozalov	teacher
occupation	Raymundus Jordanus, best known by his Latin nom de plume Idiota ('the Idiot') though this identification is disputed by some, was a medieval, learned and pious writer whose identity remained unknown for some centuries.	Raymundus Jordanus	writer
occupation	Christian Peder Kryssing (July 7, 1891 -- July 7, 1976), commonly known as C.P. Kryssing, was a Danish artillery officer and an ardent anti-communist but not a member of the Danish Nazi party, DNSAP.	Christian Peder Kryssing	officer
occupation	Urs Leupold (July 19, 1923 -- October 9, 2006) was a Swiss geneticist whose studies of the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe were instrumental in establishing this organism as a key model system for eukaryotic cell and molecular biology.	Urs Leupold	geneticist
occupation	Thomas Bidegain is a French screenwriter, producer and film director.	Thomas Bidegain	screenwriter
occupation	Ruth Hale Oliver (April 16, 1910 -- October 3, 1988) was an American astrologer, astrology teacher, writer, and occasional actress.	Ruth Hale Oliver	writer
occupation	Hanus G. Johansen (born 18 June 1950 in Klaksvík) also known as Hanus G., is a Faroese singer and composer.	Hanus G. Johansen	singer	composer
occupation	Russell Metty, A.S.C. (September 20, 1906 -- April 28, 1978) was an American cinematographer who won the Academy Award Best Cinematography, Color, for the 1960 film Spartacus.	Russell Metty	cinematographer
occupation	Sanzhar Sultanov (born December 7, 1988) is a Kazakhstan-born film director, producer and screenwriter.	Sanzhar Sultanov	film director	screenwriter
occupation	George Hunsinger is an American theologian who is Hazel Thompson McCord Professor of Systematic Theology at Princeton Theological Seminary.	George Hunsinger	theologian
occupation	Alessandra Buonanno is a theoretical physicist working in gravitational-wave physics and cosmology.	Alessandra Buonanno	physicist
occupation	Lewis Hanke (1905--1993) was a preeminent U.S. historian of colonial Latin America, and is best known for his writings on the Spanish conquest of Latin America.	Lewis Hanke	historian
occupation	Kelley Eskridge (born 1960) is a writer of fiction, non-fiction and screenplays.	Kelley Eskridge	writer
occupation	María Cristina Caballero is a Colombian journalist known for her coverage of organized crime, corruption, and paramilitary forces.	María Cristina Caballero	journalist
occupation	Hiam Abbass (Arabic: هيام عباس‎; Hebrew: היאם עבאס‎ born November 30, 1960), also Hiyam Abbas, is an Israeli Arab actress and film director of Palestinian descent.	Hiam Abbass	film director
occupation	Jane Bryant Quinn (born February 5, 1939) is an American financial journalist.	Jane Bryant Quinn	journalist
occupation	Ganesh Vyankatesh Joshi (गणेश व्यंकटेश जोशी, June 9, 1851 -- May 20, 1911) was an economist.	Ganesh Vyankatesh Joshi	economist
occupation	Jake Friend is an Australian rugby league player and current co-captain for the Sydney Roosters in the National Rugby League.	Jake Friend	rugby league player
occupation	Naji al-Suwaydi (Arabic: ناجي السويدي) was an Iraqi politician who served as Prime Minister from November 1929 to March 1930.	Naji al-Suwaydi	politician
occupation	Merle Fainsod (May 2, 1907 -- February 11, 1972) was an American political scientist best known for his work on public administration and as a scholar of the Soviet Union.	Merle Fainsod	political scientist
occupation	Blake Edwards (born William Blake Crump; July 26, 1922 -- December 15, 2010) was an American film director, screenwriter and producer.	Blake Edwards	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Herbert Gintis (born February 11, 1940) is an American economist, behavioral scientist, and educator known for his theoretical contributions to sociobiology, especially altruism, cooperation, epistemic game theory, gene-culture coevolution, efficiency wages, strong reciprocity, and human capital theory.	Herbert Gintis	economist
occupation	Mike Bernier (born 1968) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2013 provincial election.	Mike Bernier	politician
occupation	H. Lyman Saÿen (sometimes also spelled Sayen) was an American pioneer in the design of x-ray tubes who also distinguished himself as an abstract artist.	H. Lyman Saÿen	artist
occupation	Jeffrey Banks is a Coty Award winning fashion designer and author who has been described as a major black fashion maker.	Jeffrey Banks	fashion designer
occupation	Seth Casteel is an American photographer, known primarily for his photographs of underwater dogs.	Seth Casteel	photographer
occupation	Monte Pittman (born Monte Lee Pittman on November 19, 1975 in Longview, Texas) is an American musician, songwriter and studio musician, based out of Los Angeles, known largely as Madonna's long-time guitarist and for playing with Prong.	Monte Pittman	musician
occupation	Marie de Romrée de Vichenet (she wrote under the name Sophie Deroisin) (June 3, 1909 -- December 17, 1994) was a Belgian writer.	Sophie Deroisin	writer
occupation	Bobby Steggert (born March 2, 1981) is an American actor of theatre, musical theatre, television and film.	Bobby Steggert	actor
occupation	Robert H. Snyder (July 13, 1855 -- November 17, 1905) was a Democratic politician from St. Joseph, the parish seat of Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana.	Robert H. Snyder	politician
occupation	Geetanjali Misra is a speaker and writer about sexuality and women's rights in South Asia, and a public advocate for gender justice.	Geetanjali Misra	advocate
occupation	Thomas Bonnar ( d.1847) was a Scottish interior designer and architect of note, working in the Edinburgh area.	Thomas Bonnar	architect
occupation	Morgan Neville (born October 10, 1967) is an American film producer, director and writer.	Morgan Neville	film producer
occupation	John Quidor (January 26, 1801 -- December 13, 1881) was an American painter of historical and literary subjects.	John Quidor	painter
occupation	Suzanne Buffam is a Canadian poet, author of two collections of poetry.	Suzanne Buffam	poet
occupation	Seo Jeong-min (Hangul: 서정민; born 5 January 1934) is a South Korean cinematographer, and has worked on over 130 films since 1959.	Seo Jeong-min	cinematographer
occupation	Royce Gracie (/ˈrɔɪs ˈɡreɪsiː/; Portuguese: (ˈʁɔjsi ˈɡɾejsi); born December 12, 1966) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist for Bellator MMA , a UFC Hall of Famer, and a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.	Royce Gracie	mixed martial artist
occupation	Zachary Bostrom also credited as ``Zach,'' (born January 15, 1981) is an American actor.	Zachary Bostrom	actor
occupation	Jahanzeb Qamar (Urdu: جہانزیب قمر‎) is a Pakistani playwright, scriptwriter and drama writer.	Jahanzeb Qamar	playwright
occupation	Lol Hammond (born 1959 in London, England) is a musician, producer and DJ. Hammond's career in electronic music started in the sound system Spiral Tribe in 1991.	Lol Hammond	musician
occupation	Steve Hoefer is an American television director and former stage manager.	Steve Hoefer	television director
occupation	Dr. Eitan Schwarz is an adult child and adolescent psychiatrist.	Eitan Schwarz	psychiatrist
occupation	LeRoy Whitfield (born in Chicago, September 19, 1969 -- October 9, 2005) was an American journalist who chronicled his personal experience with HIV infection and AIDS.	LeRoy Whitfield	journalist
occupation	Jan Murphy is a prominent journalist in Pennsylvania, working for The Patriot-News.	Jan Murphy	journalist
occupation	Amy Jo Johnson (born October 6, 1970) is an American/Canadian actress, singer, songwriter, scriptwriter, producer, director, musician and gymnast, nominated as Best actress in a leading role, for her remarkable performance as sniper Jules Callaghan in the award-winning Canadian series Flashpoint.	Amy Jo Johnson	singer
occupation	Steve Yegge is a programmer and blogger who is known for writing about programming languages, productivity and software culture.	Steve Yegge	programmer
occupation	Clingan Jackson (March 28, 1907 -- May 26, 1997) was a Democratic politician and newspaperman from Ohio.	Clingan Jackson	politician
occupation	James Lincoln Collier (born June 27, 1928) is an American journalist, professional musician, and author of books, primarily non-fiction for adult readers and fiction for children.	James Lincoln Collier	journalist
occupation	Barnum Brown (February 12, 1873 -- February 5, 1963), commonly referred to as Mr. Bones, was an American paleontologist.	Barnum Brown	paleontologist
occupation	Jhordy Hiriart is a Mexican actor and singer, born in Mexico City.	Jhordy Hiriart	actor
occupation	Samuel Lloyd Haynes (September 19, 1934 -- December 31, 1986) was an actor and television writer, best known for his starring role in the Emmy Award-winning series Room 222.	Lloyd Haynes	actor
occupation	Molly Cotton OBE, FSA, Hon FBA was a British archaeologist, noted for her work in Iron Age Britain and Roman Italy.	Molly Cotton	archaeologist
occupation	Peter Goldring (born December 12, 1944) is a Canadian federal politician.	Peter Goldring	politician
occupation	Anand Suryavanshi is an Indian film and television actor.	Anand Suryavanshi	actor
occupation	Darris Love (born April 26, 1980) is an American actor, most notable for his role as Raymond 'Ray' Alvarado in Nickelodeon's The Secret World of Alex Mack.	Darris Love	actor
occupation	Marie-Abraham Rosalbin de Buncey was a French 19th-century landscape, allegorical and figure painter.	Marie-Abraham Rosalbin de Buncey	painter
occupation	Nevzat Halili (born September 15, 1946), is a Macedonian politician and teacher of English.	Nevzat Halili	teacher
occupation	Judy Holliday (June 21, 1921 -- June 7, 1965) was an American actress, comedian, and singer.	Judy Holliday	singer
occupation	Aaron Lee Tasjan is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, and record producer.	Aaron Lee Tasjan	singer-songwriter
occupation	Sarah Truax (February 12, 1872 -- May 2, 1958), was an American actor whose career began in the mid-1890s and lasted well into the twentieth century.	Sarah Truax	actor
occupation	Ryan Ogren is an American singer-songwriter and producer signed to Prescription Songs.	Ryan Ogren	singer-songwriter
occupation	Mallepally Laxmaiah is Indian Telugu language journalist.	Mallepally Laxmaiah	journalist
occupation	Georgie Anne Geyer (born April 2, 1935) is a conservative American journalist and columnist for the Universal Press Syndicate.	Georgie Anne Geyer	journalist
occupation	Jarrad Oakley-Nicholls (born 9 February 1988) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing with the East Perth Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Jarrad Oakley-Nicholls	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Darren Michaels, originally from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is an award winning motion picture unit still photographer based in Los Angeles, CA, who has created publicity, marketing, and advertising images for over 70 major motion pictures campaigns.	Darren Michaels	photographer
occupation	Fred Guy (May 23, 1897, Burkesville, Georgia - Dec. 22, 1971) was an American jazz banjo player and guitarist.	Fred Guy	guitarist
occupation	Tigran Ouzlian (Greek: Τίγκραν Ούζλιαν, born February 11, 1968) is a Greek amateur boxer of Armenian descent.	Tigran Ouzlian	boxer
occupation	Ruth Feldman (1911 Liverpool, Ohio -- January 11, 2003) was an American poet and translator.	Ruth Feldman	translator
occupation	Enrico Colantoni (born February 14, 1963) is a Canadian actor, best known for portraying Elliot DiMauro in the sitcom Just Shoot Me!, Keith Mars on the television series Veronica Mars, and Sergeant Greg Parker on the television series Flashpoint.	Enrico Colantoni	actor
occupation	Jeong Hyeon-cheol (hangul: 정현철; born February 21, 1972), better known as Seo Taiji (서태지), is a South Korean singer, musician, and songwriter.	Seo Taiji	singer	musician
occupation	Alphonso Lingis (born November 23, 1933 in Crete, Illinois) is an American philosopher, writer and translator, currently Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at Pennsylvania State University.	Alphonso Lingis	philosopher
occupation	Roger Rawson (May 19, 1939 -- December 19, 2009) was an American teacher and politician from Utah.	Roger Rawson	politician
occupation	Josua Järvinen (4 February 1871, Orivesi -- 28 February 1948) was a Finnish schoolteacher, inspector of schools and politician.	Josua Järvinen	politician
occupation	Dr. Sivaramakrishna Iyer Padmavati commonly known as S. I. Padmavati or S. Padmavati (born 1917) is an eminent Indian cardiologist.	S. I. Padmavati	cardiologist
occupation	Moudud Ahmed (born May 24, 1940) is a Bangladeshi barrister, statesman and politician.	Moudud Ahmed	barrister	politician
occupation	Duterte adopted the stage name Keanna Reeves as a feminine version of the Hollywood actor Keanu Reeves.	Keanna Reeves	actor
occupation	Karin Davie (born July 27, 1965, Toronto, Canada) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in New York City and Seattle, Washington.	Karin Davie	artist
occupation	Willem van Ingen, or Guilhelmo Den Eersten (1651--1708), was a Dutch Golden Age painter active in Italy.	Willem van Ingen	painter
occupation	Larry Householder of Glenford, Ohio, is an American politician of the Republican party who served as speaker of the Ohio House of Representatives from 2001 to 2005.	Larry Householder	politician
occupation	Kurt Baldinger (November 17, 1919 -- January 17, 2007) was a Swiss linguist and philologist who made important contributions to Romance studies in the Gallo-Romantic and Ibero-Romantic branches, with works of lexicography, historical linguistics, etymology and semantics.	Kurt Baldinger	linguist
occupation	William Alexander (died 1446), of Salisbury and Winterbourne Cherborough, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	William Alexander (died 1446)	politician
occupation	Karl Larsen (born September 25, 1968) is an American photographer who is known for photographing several celebrities.	Karl Larsen	photographer
occupation	Elvin Penner is a Belizean politician who served in the House of Representatives from 2008 to 2015 representing the Cayo North East constituency.	Elvin Penner	politician
occupation	Alan J. Bauman is a surgically-trained M.D., board-certified hair restoration surgeon and medical director of the Bauman Medical Group in Boca Raton, FL.	Alan J. Bauman	surgeon
occupation	Charles Swickard (1861--1929) was a German-born American actor and film director of the silent era.	Charles Swickard	actor
occupation	William Cabell Rives (May 4, 1793 -- April 25, 1868) was an American lawyer, politician and diplomat from Albemarle County, Virginia.	William Cabell Rives	lawyer	politician	diplomat
occupation	Robert G. Jahn, Ph.D. (born April 1, 1930) is a retired American plasma physicist, Professor of Aerospace Science, and Dean of Engineering at Princeton University.	Robert G. Jahn	physicist
occupation	Holcombe Waller is an American composer, singer and performance artist.	Holcombe Waller	composer
occupation	Iradj Fazel (Persian: ایرج فاضل) is a prominent Iranian surgeon and academic.	Iradj Fazel	surgeon
occupation	Lee Albert Rubel (December 1, 1928 -- March 25, 1995) was a mathematician, and Doctor of Mathematics renowned for his contributions to analog computing.	Lee Albert Rubel	mathematician
occupation	Dave Chavarri is the founder, producer, manager, and drummer for the band Ill Niño.	Dave Chavarri	drummer
occupation	In 2007, Prerana Deshpande collaborated with famous Odissi dancer Sujata Mohapatra in a Kathak - Odissi collaboration inspired by the World Heritage Site of Ajanta & Ellora.	Prerana Deshpande	dancer
occupation	William Lewis Shurtleff, K.C., LL.D., (March 29, 1864 -- January 1, 1954) was a Quebec lawyer and newspaper owner.	William Lewis Shurtleff	lawyer
occupation	Janet A. Sanderson is a former American diplomat and an adjunct professor of international relations at Georgetown University.	Janet A. Sanderson	diplomat
occupation	Justin Sawyer (born October 18, 1985) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who is currently playing senior men's hockey with the Stoney Creek Generals of the Allan Cup Hockey (ACH).	Justin Sawyer	ice hockey player
occupation	Ghulam Dastagir Shaida ( Dari استاد غلام دستگیر شیدا ) Ustad Ghulam Dastagir (1916--1970) was an Afghan singer and musician.	Ghulam Dastagir Shaida	musician
occupation	Aristovoulos Petmezas (Greek: Αριστόβουλος Πετμεζάς) was a Greek gymnast and shooter.	Aristovoulos Petmezas	gymnast
occupation	Feras Saied (Arabic: فراس السيد; January 17, 1981 -- June 6, 2015) was a professional Syrian bodybuilder.	Feras Saied	bodybuilder
occupation	Maria Giese is an American feature film director and screenwriter.	Maria Giese	film director
occupation	Alex Skuby (born December 27, 1972) is an American actor who has appeared on film and television.	Alex Skuby	actor
occupation	Toshiyuki Kubooka (窪岡俊之) is a Japanese animator, character designer, and illustrator.	Toshiyuki Kubooka	animator
occupation	Solomon Quetsch was an Austrian rabbi and Talmudist.	Solomon Quetsch	rabbi
occupation	Murat Cemcir (born November 30, 1976; Niksar, Tokat) is a Turkish actor of Georgian descent who appears regularly in Turkish films and on television primarily in comedies.	Murat Cemcir	actor
occupation	Bruce Fairchild Barton (August 5, 1886 -- July 5, 1967) was an American author, advertising executive, and politician.	Bruce Fairchild Barton	author	politician
occupation	Patrick Deneen (born December 25, 1987) is an American freestyle skier, specializing in moguls.	Patrick Deneen	freestyle skier
occupation	Claus Krag (born April 21, 1943) is a Norwegian educator, historian, and writer.	Claus Krag	historian
occupation	Mihály Pollack (August 30, 1773 - January 5, 1855) was a Hungarian architect, key figure of neoclassical architecture.	Mihály Pollack	architect
occupation	Paramytha Lestari Mulyarto (born June 29, 1991) is an Indonesian pop singer with mother Ani.	Paramytha Lestari Mulyarto	singer
occupation	Rudolf Magnus (Brunswick, September 2, 1873 -- Switzerland, 1927) was a German pharmacologist and physiologist.	Rudolf Magnus	pharmacologist
occupation	Ainna Fawcett-Henesy though born in Southern Ireland came to Coventry in England to train as a nurse, a decision she never regretted.	Ainna Fawcett-Henesy	nurse
occupation	Paul Tutmarc (May 29, 1896 -- September 25, 1972) was an American musician and musical instrument inventor.	Paul Tutmarc	musician
occupation	Stephan Faris is a freelance journalist who has written from Africa and the Middle East, primarily for Time Magazine.	Stephan Faris	journalist
occupation	Christopher J. Hardy (born 1955) is an American physicist and inventor of several magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) subsystem technologies for use in real time MRI and cardiac MR imaging and spectroscopy.	Christopher J. Hardy	physicist
occupation	Dr. Robert S. Bilheimer (September 28, 1917 -- December 17, 2006) was an American Presbyterian theologian.	Robert S. Bilheimer	theologian
occupation	Victor Keegan (born 1940) is a British journalist and author focusing on economics and technology issues.	Victor Keegan	journalist
occupation	Jerzy Żyżyński (born August 6, 1949 in Łomża ) - Polish economist, a professor of economics, a specialist in management, economic commentator, since 2011 election member of parliament.	Jerzy Żyżyński	economist
occupation	José Aldo da Silva Oliveira Junior (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒoˈzɛ ˈaldu); born September 9, 1986) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who currently fights in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).	José Aldo	mixed martial artist
occupation	Josh Kerr (born 3 March 1984 in Tweed Heads) is an Australian professional surfer, who competes on the ASP World Tour.	Josh Kerr	surfer
occupation	Shauna Sand (born September 2, 1971) is an American actress and Playboy Playmate.	Shauna Sand	Playboy Playmate
occupation	Jérémy Michalak (born 28 October 1980) is a French television presenter and producer.	Jérémy Michalak	television presenter
occupation	Nikolay Durakov (Russian: Николай Дураков; born December 5, 1934) is a former Soviet bandy player from SKA-Sverdlovsk.	Nikolay Durakov	bandy player
occupation	Annalee Blysse is an American paranormal romance novelist.	Annalee Blysse	novelist
occupation	Włodzimierz Kryszewski (Polish pronunciation: (vwɔˈd͡ʑimjɛʂ krɨˈʂɛfskʲi); March 20, 1923 -- December 3, 2004) was a Polish historian and encyclopedist.	Włodzimierz Kryszewski	historian
occupation	Uner Tan (Turkish: Üner Tan) (born May 1, 1937) is a Turkish neuroscientist and evolutionary biologist.	Üner Tan	neuroscientist
occupation	Jevon Jones (born October 11, 1973) is an American rapper better known by his stage name Tha Realest, and formerly Tenkamenin The Vigilante (or simply Tenkamenin).	Tha Realest	rapper
occupation	Rod Barry (also: Rob deBaer, Rod Berry, Rod) is the stage name of a pornographic actor from the United States who has been credited in more than 150 pornographic films and internet-based shows since entering the industry in 1996.	Rod Barry	actor
occupation	Joe Hanks (born March 27, 1983 in Newark, New Jersey) is a professional American boxer in the Heavyweight division, and the current IBA Americas Heavyweight champion.	Joe Hanks	boxer
occupation	Kivu Ruhorahoza is a Rwandese film director, writer and producer.	Kivu Ruhorahoza	film director
occupation	Shahrum Kashani (Persian: Ŝahrām Kāŝāni) better known as Shahrum K or SK is an Iranian pop singer.	Shahrum Kashani	singer
occupation	Rodney Alejandro is an American musician, composer, arranger, producer and audio engineer raised in Houston, Texas.	Rodney Alejandro	composer
occupation	James Belfer is an American independent film producer and financier.	James Belfer	film producer
occupation	At the time of his death, Tiger Smith was the oldest living Test cricketer and was the last surviving pre-First World War player.	Tiger Smith	cricketer
occupation	Roger Griffiths is an English actor who has had several roles in television.	Roger Griffiths	actor
occupation	Joan Calabrese is a fashion designer specialising in children's high end clothing.	Joan Calabrese	fashion designer
occupation	Kate Jennings (born 20 May 1948) is an Australian poet, essayist, memoirist, and novelist.	Kate Jennings	novelist
occupation	Mary-Anne Arsenault (born August 19, 1968 in Scarborough, Ontario, also known as Mary-Anne Waye when she was married) is a Canadian curler from Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Mary-Anne Arsenault	curler
occupation	Jean Félix Demba Telo is a Congolese politician who stood in the March 2002 presidential election as an independent candidate.	Jean Félix Demba Telo	politician
occupation	Susanne Ussing (November 29, 1940 -- March 8, 1998) was a Danish artist, architect and ceramicist.	Susanne Ussing	architect
occupation	Barry Paris (born February 6, 1948) is an author and journalist based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Barry Paris	journalist
occupation	João M. P. Lemos is a Portuguese illustrator and comic book author.	João M. P. Lemos	illustrator
occupation	Gareth Phillips is a Welsh former actor, best known for playing Nick Williams in the long-running BBC school drama, Grange Hill.	Gareth Phillips	actor
occupation	Andrey Nikolayevich Sakharov (Russian: Андрей Николаевич Сахаров; born 1930 in Kulebaki) is an anti-Normanist Russian and Soviet historian.	Andrey Nikolayevich Sakharov	historian
occupation	Arnaldo André (born November 12, 1943) is a soap-opera Paraguayan actor.	Arnaldo André	actor
occupation	Rusty Frank is an American tap dancer, producer, writer, choreographer, lindy hopper, historian and tap-dance preservationist.	Rusty Frank	choreographer	historian
occupation	Héctor Francisco Medina Polanco was a Honduran journalist who often reported on agricultural and corruption issues in Honduras.	Héctor Francisco Medina Polanco	journalist
occupation	Yu Xinyuan (Chinese: 于欣源; born February 13, 1985) is a Chinese tennis player.	Yu Xinyuan	tennis player
occupation	Boris Ognyanov Delibaltov or Borislav Orlinov Delibaltov (Bulgarian: Борислав Орлинов Делибалтов; born 24 March 1982), better known by his stage name Boris Dali (Bulgarian: Борис Дали), is a Bulgarian pop-folk singer and singer of Bulgarian traditional music.	Boris Dali	singer
occupation	Riley Janes (born June 30, 1980) is a Canadian former competition swimmer who specialized in freestyle and backstroke events.	Riley Janes	swimmer
occupation	David Zegarra (Born in October 22, 1984) is a Peruvian Junior Middleweight professional boxer who is currently undefeated.	David Zegarra	boxer
occupation	Govindraj Ethiraj is a TV & print journalist and founder of Ping Digital Broadcast, an online multi-channel network.	Govindraj Ethiraj	journalist
occupation	Carroll John Daly (September 14, 1889 -- January 16, 1958) was a writer of crime fiction.	Carroll John Daly	writer
occupation	Andrej Čadež (September 12, 1942- in Ljubljana) is a Slovene physicist and astrophysicist.	Andrej Čadež	physicist
occupation	Edward Mills Purcell (August 30, 1912 -- March 7, 1997) was an American physicist who shared the 1952 Nobel Prize for Physics for his independent discovery (published 1946) of nuclear magnetic resonance in liquids and in solids.	Edward Mills Purcell	physicist
occupation	Rosanna Mangiarelli is an Australian journalist and presenter who works for the Seven Network in Adelaide.	Rosanna Mangiarelli	journalist
occupation	Enrique Floriano Millan (born October 9, 1982 in Lorca, Murcia) is a vision impaired B2/S12 swimmer from Spain.	Enrique Floriano Millan	swimmer
occupation	Noura Rahal (Arabic: نورا رحال‎) is a popular Lebanese/Syrian singer from Damascus, who has also had brief acting stints.	Noura Rahal	singer
occupation	Wayne Hector is a British songwriter who is best known for his work with pop artists such as Nicki Minaj, One Direction, The Wanted and Olly Murs.	Wayne Hector	songwriter
occupation	Hale Johnson (August 21, 1847 -- November 4, 1902), was an American attorney and politician.	Hale Johnson	politician
occupation	David Fisher (II) (1788--1858) was an English actor, and one of the managers of Fisher's company, which had a monopoly of the Suffolk theatres.	David Fisher (II)	actor
occupation	Daisey Traynham, known by the stage name Lady Daisey, is a Brooklyn born soul/funk singer.	Lady Daisey	singer
occupation	Kisean Anderson (born February 3, 1990), known professionally as Sean Kingston, is a Jamaican-American singer, songwriter, rapper and actor whose first album, Sean Kingston, was released in 2007.	Sean Kingston	singer
occupation	La Carmina is a Canadian blogger, author, journalist, and TV host.	La Carmina	blogger	journalist
occupation	Mark Watters is a six-time Emmy Award winning American composer of music for film and television.	Mark Watters	composer
occupation	Bob Sundvold (born June 14, 1955) is an American college basketball coach, currently head coach of the Tritons of the NCAA Division II University of Missouri--	Bob Sundvold	basketball coach
occupation	Samira Sitail (Arabic: سميرة سيطايل‎; born 1964, in Bourg-la-Reine) is a Moroccan journalist and important figure in the country's first broadcasting channel 2M TV, where she holds the position of ``Director of Information'' since May 2001.	Samira Sitail	journalist
occupation	Mona Lyn Reese (born August 24, 1951) is an American composer, best known for her operas and choral music.	Mona Lyn Reese	composer
occupation	Farzana Doctor is a Canadian novelist and social worker.	Farzana Doctor	novelist
occupation	Eduardo Alonso-Crespo (also spelled Eduardo Alonso Crespo, without the hyphen) is an Argentine composer of classical music.	Eduardo Alonso-Crespo	composer
occupation	Marie José Thériault (born March 21, 1945) is a Quebec writer, performer and translator.	Marie José Thériault	writer	translator
occupation	Geri M. Joseph (born June 19, 1923) is an American journalist, academic and political figure who served as United States Ambassador to the Netherlands.	Geri M. Joseph	journalist
occupation	Kevin Costello is an Irish mathematician, currently the Wayne and Elizabeth Jones Professor of Mathematics at Northwestern University.	Kevin Costello	mathematician
occupation	Ria Kataja was married to an actor Tommi Eronen, and together they have two children.	Ria Kataja	actor
occupation	Michael Kilroy (14 September 1884 -- 23 December 1962) was an Irish politician and guerrilla leader.	Michael Kilroy	politician
occupation	The Rockefeller Institute sent Louise Pearce to Léopoldville in the Belgian Congo in 1920 to test tryparsamide, ``trusting her vigorous personality to carry out an assignment none too easy for a woman physician and not without its dangers''.	Louise Pearce	physician
occupation	Barry Hill Palmer (born November 10, 1937) is an American aeronautical engineer (UC Berkeley, 1961), inventor, builder and pilot of the first hang glider based on the Rogallo wing or flexible wing.	Barry Hill Palmer	engineer
occupation	Pat Kelman (b. Patrick Kelly) is a British photographer, director, writer and actor.	Pat Kelman	actor
occupation	Joe Beagle, also known as singer-songwriter Joey Parratt, is an award-winning songwriter with various TV, radio and live performances to his name.	Joe Beagle	singer-songwriter
occupation	Kathy Kolla is an American director, screenwriter, and actress.	Kathy Kolla	screenwriter
occupation	George R. Robertson is a Canadian actor, most famous for his roles in the first six Police Academy movies and the film JFK.	George R. Robertson	actor
occupation	Paul Michael Glaser (born March 25, 1943) is an American actor and director perhaps best known for his role as Detective David Starsky on the 1970s television series, Starsky & Hutch.	Paul Michael Glaser	actor
occupation	Dr. Ferenc Gömbös (May 10, 1944 -- July 17, 2003) was a Hungarian dentist and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Sárvár (Vas County Constituency IV) between 1990 and 1994.	Ferenc Gömbös	dentist	politician
occupation	Ajith Kumar (born 1 May 1971) is an Indian film actor working predominantly in Tamil cinema.	Ajith Kumar	actor
occupation	Frank Serafine is a motion picture sound designer and sound editor, and composer.	Frank Serafine	composer
occupation	Aroline Sanborn (August 13, 1825 - July 10, 1900) was a nineteenth-century American diarist who lived in Kingston, New Hampshire.	Aroline Sanborn	diarist
occupation	Manzoor Nadir is a Guyanese politician, and is the current head of The United Force.	Manzoor Nadir	politician
occupation	Gaspar de Lemos (15th century) was a Portuguese explorer and captain of the supply ship of Pedro Álvares Cabral's fleet that discovered Brazil.	Gaspar de Lemos	explorer
occupation	Paul-Émile Borduas (November 1, 1905 -- February 22, 1960) was a Québec painter known for his abstract paintings.	Paul-Émile Borduas	painter
occupation	Michael E. Soulé is a U.S. biologist, best known for his work in promoting the idea of conservation biology.	Michael E. Soulé	biologist
occupation	Simon Minton-Connell (born 26 April 1969) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and its successor, the Australian Football League (AFL).	Simon Minton-Connell	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Rakesh Mohan Joshi is an Indian author, scholar and management expert.	Rakesh Mohan Joshi	author
occupation	Kristofer Hivju (born December 7, 1978) is a Norwegian film actor, producer and writer, known for his role of Tormund Giantsbane, in the HBO fantasy series, Game of Thrones, and Jonas in the 2011 film The Thing.	Kristofer Hivju	actor
occupation	Betty Wand is an American singer and author, best known as the singing voice dubbed in for various actresses in musical films, including Leslie Caron in Gigi and some of Rita Moreno's part in West Side Story.	Betty Wand	singer
occupation	Scialpi also appeared as an actor in an episode of the TV series Derrick and starred on several stage musicals.	Scialpi	actor
occupation	Emilio Salgari, a noted Italian writer of adventure stories, met Buffalo Bill when he came to Italy and saw his show;	Buffalo Bill	writer
occupation	Robert Pickus (October 31, 1923 -- January 22, 2016) was a prominent figure in Quaker, pacifist, and peace movements.	Robert Pickus	pacifist
occupation	Compared with Beatriz de Dia, Castelloza is a more conservative poet.	Castelloza	poet
occupation	Jeff Goode is an American television writer and playwright, perhaps best known as the creator of Disney Channel's American Dragon:	Jeff Goode	writer
occupation	Katy Tiz is a British pop singer-songwriter who gained mainstream acknowledgement after releasing her cover of Rock Mafia's single ``The Big Bang'' in 2014.	Katy Tiz	singer
occupation	Thomas James, better known by his stage name, Manikuttan, is an Indian film and television actor.	Manikuttan	actor
occupation	Lewis Draper is a family physician, who was a Canadian provincial politician.	Lewis Draper	politician
occupation	Joshua Seth Freedman (born December 2, 1970) is an American comedian, magician, entertainer and voice actor.	Joshua Seth	comedian	magician	voice actor
occupation	Catalina Trail, formerly known as Cathy Aguado, is a Mexican-born naturalist and social worker.	Catalina Trail	naturalist
occupation	Art Christmas (December 22, 1905 -- September 24, 1961) was a Canadian dance band and jazz musician.	Art Christmas	jazz musician
occupation	Dado Villa-Lobos (born June 29, 1965 in Brussels, Belgium) is a Brazilian musician, best known as the ex-guitarist of post-punk band Legião Urbana.	Dado Villa-Lobos	musician
occupation	Sarah Calderwood is an Australian singer-songwriter flautist who unites classic with contemporary folk.	Sarah Calderwood	singer
occupation	Irshad Kamil is an Indian Hindi/Urdu poet and lyricist.	Irshad Kamil	poet
occupation	Ernest Grunwald (November 2, 1923 -- March 28, 2002) was a German-born American physical organic chemist, a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the chair of the chemistry department at Brandeis University.	Ernest Grunwald	chemist
occupation	Mike Daly is an American producer / songwriter / multi-instrumentalist who grew up in Roselle Park, New Jersey, United States.	Mike Daly	songwriter
occupation	Eric Ridder (July 1, 1918 -- July 23, 1996) was an American sailor and Olympic champion.	Eric Ridder	sailor
occupation	Stink Fisher (born William Fisher; July 30, 1970) is an American actor and restaurant owner who lives in Collingswood, New Jersey.	Stink Fisher	actor
occupation	Rodrigo Damm (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁoˈdɾiɡu ˈdɐ̃); born February 3, 1980) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist who has competed for the UFC, World Victory Road, Strikeforce, Jungle Fight, BodogFIGHT, Shooto, and was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter:	Rodrigo Damm	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jason LeHoullier (born March 4, 1978 in Nottingham, New Hampshire) is a professional boxer in the Middleweight division and the former Northern New England Light Middleweight Champion.	Jason LeHoullier	boxer
occupation	Maxim Knight (born August 21, 1999) is an American adolescent actor who started acting at the age of eight.	Maxim Knight	actor
occupation	Cameron Michael Parkes (born May 19, 1958) is an American composer known primarily for his work in Film and Television.	Cameron Michael Parkes	composer
occupation	Sir Job Charlton, 1st Baronet KS (ca. 1614 -- 26 May 1697) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1679.	Sir Job Charlton, 1st Baronet	judge
occupation	R.B. Swift is an American journalist, working as the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania bureau chief for the Times-Shamrock Communications newspapers.	R.B. Swift	journalist
occupation	Pankaj Singh is an Indian Test cricketer.	Pankaj Singh	cricketer
occupation	Toby Simkin (Chinese: 沈途彬; pinyin: Shen Tu Bin) is a theatrical producer and impresario most notable for his work on Broadway and off-Broadway and in London's West End.	Toby Simkin	impresario
occupation	In 2008 and 2009, the collaboration expanded when Redrama and Paleface were joined by a reggae musician and singer CapeNape and a Swedish hip hop artist Promoe of Looptroop Rockers.	Redrama	musician
occupation	Ramesh Bhat is a multiple-award--winning Indian actor in the Kannada film industry, known for comedy and drama roles.	Ramesh Bhat	actor
occupation	Taya Parker is an American model, actress, singer and reality TV show contestant best known for winning the VH1 reality television show Rock of Love Bus.	Taya Parker	model
occupation	Michael Sean Winters is an American journalist and writer who covers politics and events in the Roman Catholic Church for the National Catholic Reporter, where his blog ``Distinctly Catholic'' can be found.	Michael Sean Winters	journalist
occupation	Warren Delabere Barnes (Chinese: 班士; pinyin: bān shì; Jyutping: baan1 si6) (1865 -- 28 October 1911) was a British colonial administrator.	Warren Delabere Barnes	colonial administrator
occupation	Iqbal Asif Jewel (Bengali: ইকবাল আসিফ জুয়েল) is a Bangladeshi singer, songwriter, guitarist, and producer.	Iqbal Asif Jewel	singer
occupation	Sydney Smith Lee (September 2, 1802 -- July 22, 1869) was an American naval officer and older brother to Robert E. Lee.	Sydney Smith Lee	officer
occupation	Giancarlo Ghirardi (born October 28, 1935) is an Italian physicist and Emeritus professor of theoretical physics at the University of Trieste.	Giancarlo Ghirardi	physicist
occupation	Rinaldo Paluzzi (May 27, 1927 -- March 27, 2013) was an American-Spanish Abstract Art and Geometric abstraction painter and sculptor in the post-World War II era.	Rinaldo Paluzzi	painter	sculptor
occupation	John Ellsworth Murphy (October 27, 1925 Omaha, Nebraska -- November 12, 1984, Omaha Nebraska) was a lawyer and judge in Omaha, Nebraska.	John Ellsworth Murphy	lawyer
occupation	Max de Wardener is a British composer, producer and multi-instrumentalist known for his scores for film and television and his work in jazz, classical, world and electronic music.	Max de Wardener	composer
occupation	Ranjeev Deol (born October 19, 1976 in Mississauga, Ontario) is a Canadian field hockey player, who plays for West Coast Kings HC.	Ranjeev Deol	field hockey player
occupation	Brandi Chavonne Massey is an American stage actress and singer.	Brandi Chavonne Massey	singer
occupation	Charles R. Weiner (June 27, 1922 -- November 9, 2005) was a United States federal judge and former member of the Pennsylvania Senate.	Charles R. Weiner	judge
occupation	Mari Evans (born July 16, 1923) is an African-American poet, living in Indianapolis, Indiana.	Mari Evans	poet
occupation	Rachel Isaacs was the first openly lesbian rabbi ordained by the Conservative movement's Jewish Theological Seminary (``JTS''), which occurred in May 2011.	Rachel Isaacs	rabbi
occupation	David Lichens is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter.	David Lichens	singer
occupation	Jonathan Arnold (December 3, 1741 -- February 1, 1793) was an American physician and statesman from New England.	Jonathan Arnold	physician
occupation	Tsuyoshi Yokoyama (born June 29, 1983), better known as Go Yokoyama is a Japanese kickboxer who competes in the welterweight division.	Go Yokoyama	kickboxer
occupation	Foy Vance is a Northern Irish musician and singer-songwriter signed to Glassnote Records in 2013.	Foy Vance	singer-songwriter
occupation	Amelita Baltar (September 24, 1940) is an Argentine singer, one of the leading voices of tango, that appeared in the 60's to be considered, along with Susana Rinaldi, as a modern counterpart of older divas such as Libertad Lamarque and Tita Merello.	Amelita Baltar	singer
occupation	Michael Richard (1948 -- August 28, 2006) was a professional rock musician and amateur photographer.	Michael Richard	photographer
occupation	Angus Stewart, Lord Stewart is a Scottish lawyer and Senator of the College of Justice, a judge of the Supreme Courts of Scotland.	Angus Stewart, Lord Stewart	judge
occupation	George Inness, Jr. (January 5, 1854 -- July 27, 1926), was one of America's foremost figure and landscape artists and the son of George Inness, an important American landscape painter.	George Inness, Jr.	painter
occupation	Elaeth (sometimes recorded as Eleth) was a Christian king and poet in Britain in the 6th century who is venerated as a saint.	Elaeth	poet
occupation	Julien Aklei (born November 20, 1975 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and artist who spent her teen years in Louisville, Kentucky.	Julien Aklei	singer-songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Joe Walcott, (March 13, 1873 -- October 1, 1935) also known as Barbados Joe Walcott to distinguish him from the American known by the same name, was a Barbadian boxer who held the World Welterweight Title.	Barbados Joe Walcott	boxer
occupation	Rodd Keith (born Rodney Keith Eskelin; January 30, 1937 -- December 15, 1974) was an American multi-instrumentalist and songwriter.	Rodd Keith	songwriter
occupation	Ma Shi (simplified Chinese: 马轼; traditional Chinese: 馬軾; pinyin: Mǎ Shì; Wade--Giles: Ma Shih), courtesy name as Jingzhan (敬瞻), was a Chinese landscape painter and poet during the Xuande era of the early Ming Dynasty.	Ma Shi	painter
occupation	Kris Menace (born Christoph Hoeffel) is an electronic musician and music producer.	Kris Menace	musician
occupation	Spurius Nautius Rutilus (Latin, Spurius Nautius Rutilus ) was a Roman Republican politician, possibly of the Patrician gens Nautii during the beginning of the 5th century BC. He served as Consul of Rome in 488 BC, serving together with Sextus Furius Medullinus Fusus.	Spurius Nautius Rutilus	politician
occupation	Rogelio Frigerio (born January 7, 1970, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine economist and politician.	Rogelio Frigerio	economist	politician
occupation	Paul Jarrico (January 12, 1915 -- October 28, 1997) was an American screenwriter and film producer who was blacklisted by the Hollywood movie studio bosses during the era of McCarthyism.	Paul Jarrico	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Eleanor Yule is a Scottish film director, best known for her feature film Blinded and her television documentaries with Michael Palin.	Eleanor Yule	film director
occupation	Richard Hygons (also Higons, Huchons, Hugo; c. 1435 -- c. 1509) was an English composer of the early Renaissance.	Richard Hygons	composer
occupation	Hallgrímur Helgason (born February 18, 1959 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic painter, novelist, translator, and columnist.	Hallgrímur Helgason	painter
occupation	Matt Kilcullen (born October 31, 1954) is an American former college basketball coach and current athletics administrator at the University of North Florida.	Matt Kilcullen	basketball coach
occupation	William Glenn Killinger (September 13, 1898 -- July 25, 1988) was an American football, basketball, and baseball player, coach, and college athletics administrator.	Glenn Killinger	baseball player
occupation	Gail Susan Mancuso, also known as Gail Mancuso Cordray, (born July 14, 1958 ) is an American television director.	Gail Mancuso	television director
occupation	Elizabeth George Speare (November 21, 1908 -- November 15, 1994) was an American writer of children's books, best known for historical novels including two Newbery Medal winners.	Elizabeth George Speare	writer
occupation	Edmund V. Bobrowicz (May 1, 1919 -- March 16, 2003) was an American trade union activist and politician from the state of Wisconsin.	Edmund V. Bobrowicz	politician
occupation	Charles Goldner was an Austrian-born actor who appeared in a number of British films during the 1940s and 1950s.	Charles Goldner	actor
occupation	Max Marty is an entrepreneur based in Silicon Valley, who co-founded the seed accelerator project Blueseed with Dario Mutabdzija and Dan Dascalescu.	Max Marty	entrepreneur
occupation	Elske McCain (born September 4, 1976) is an American film director, actress, producer and screenwriter.	Elske McCain	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Ami Chand is a Fiji Indian politician who won the Ba West Indian Communal Constituency, one of the 19 seats reserved for Fiji citizens of Indian origin, for the Fiji Labour Party during the 1999 elections for the House of Representatives.	Ami Chand	politician
occupation	Ali Mohammad Moadab (Persian: علی‌محمد مؤدب‎‎) (born March 10, 1977 in Torbat Jam) is an Iranian poet.	Ali Mohammad Moadab	poet
occupation	Jill Barber (born February 6, 1980) is a Canadian singer-songwriter formerly based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, now based in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Jill Barber	singer
occupation	Joey Boy (Thai: โจอี้ บอย) or Apisit Opasaimlikit (Thai: อภิสิทธิ์ โอภาสเอี่ยมลิขิต; rtgs: Aphisit Ophat-iamlikhit, born 1975) is a Thai hip hop singer and producer.	Joey Boy	singer
occupation	David Ceglar (born 14 June 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League during the 1980s.	David Ceglar	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Charles Lamb Kenney (29 April 1821 -- 25 August 1881) was a journalist, dramatist and miscellaneous writer.	Charles Lamb Kenney	journalist
occupation	Domenico Obizzi (fl. 1620s) was an Italian composer and singer.	Domenico Obizzi	composer	singer
occupation	Ulrich Bonnell Phillips (November 4, 1877 -- January 21, 1934) was an American historian who largely defined the field of the social and economic history of the antebellum American South and slavery.	Ulrich Bonnell Phillips	historian
occupation	Herval Abreu Pais, better known by his stage name Herval Rossano, was a Brazilian TV actor and director from Campos dos Goytacazes.	Herval Rossano	actor
occupation	Hugh Beasley is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Hugh Beasley	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Keshia Chanté (born Keshia Chanté Harper; June 16, 1988) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, television personality, actress, and philanthropist.	Keshia Chanté	singer-songwriter
occupation	Michael Jerrod Moore (born October 6, 1982), known professionally as Michael Arden, is an American actor, singer, composer and stage director,.	Michael Arden	actor
occupation	Rémy Trudel (born April 20, 1948 in Sainte-Thècle) is a university professor and a former Quebec politician.	Rémy Trudel	politician
occupation	Tim Hopkins, (born in Auckland, New Zealand) is an Australian jazz musician who won the Australian National Jazz Award at the Wangaratta Festival of Jazz in 1993.	Tim Hopkins	jazz musician
occupation	Jean Doussard (born on July 1, 1928) is a French conductor.	Jean Doussard	conductor
occupation	Henry Ephron (May 26, 1911 - September 6, 1992) was an American playwright, screenwriter and film producer who often worked with his wife, Phoebe (née Wolkind).	Henry Ephron	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Miroslav Šoška is a Slovak former figure skater who represented Czechoslovakia internationally.	Miroslav Šoška	figure skater
occupation	Ezra George Thiem (July 8, 1897 -- July 8, 1987) was an American journalist, an investigative reporter who won the annual Pulitzer Prize for Public Service twice, and then a politician who served in the Illinois state legislature.	George Thiem	journalist	politician
occupation	Paul Lester is a British music journalist, author and broadcaster from Elstree, North London.	Paul Lester	journalist
occupation	Miloš Milanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Миловановић; born July 5, 1981 in Belgrade) is a Serbian figure skater who competed for both Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro.	Miloš Milanović	figure skater
occupation	David Louis Edelman is an American novelist and web programmer.	David Louis Edelman	novelist
occupation	Daniel Chacón is a Latino novelist, essayist, editor, teacher and radio host.	Daniel Chacón	novelist
occupation	Alessandro Taverna (born in Portogruaro, Venice, 1983) is an Italian pianist.	Alessandro Taverna	pianist
occupation	Howard A. Rodman is a screenwriter, novelist and educator.	Howard A. Rodman	screenwriter
occupation	Kid Capri is the stage name of David Anthony Love, Jr. (born February 7, 1967), an American DJ and rapper.	Kid Capri	rapper
occupation	Valentine Treadwell (c. 1813 -- September 1, 1888 Potter's Hollow, Albany County, New York) was an American farmer and politician from New York.	Valentine Treadwell	politician
occupation	Su Rongzai (simplified Chinese: 苏荣在; traditional Chinese: 蘇榮在; pinyin: Sū Róngzài; born November 29, 1975) is a Chinese Grand Prix motorcycle racer.	Su Rongzai	motorcycle racer
occupation	Sheldon Lettich (born January 14, 1951) is an American screenwriter, film director and producer.	Sheldon Lettich	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Steven McClintock is a singer, songwriter, and a music producer.	Steven McClintock	songwriter
occupation	Mark Suster is an American entrepreneur, angel investor and investment partner at Upfront Ventures (until June 2013 known as GRP Partners).	Mark Suster	entrepreneur
occupation	John F. Russo (c. 1934) is a former American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, who served in the New Jersey Senate and was Senate President.	John F. Russo	politician
occupation	Templar Saxe (August 22, 1865 - April 17, 1935) was a British born stage actor, opera singer and silent film actor.	Templar Saxe	opera singer
occupation	Blaine Manning (born September 10, 1979 in Calgary, Alberta) is a former indoor lacrosse player for the Toronto Rock in the National Lacrosse League.	Blaine Manning	lacrosse player
occupation	Alf Bayrle (also: Alf Singer-Bayrle; December 15, 1900 in Biberach an der Riss -- September 11, 1982 in Rotthalmünster), was a German painter, printmaker and sculptor	Alf Bayrle	painter
occupation	Charles Wellesley (November 17, 1873 -- July 24, 1946) was an Irish-born American actor of the silent era.	Charles Wellesley	actor
occupation	Tom Shapiro (born in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American songwriter and occasional record producer, known primarily for his work in country music.	Tom Shapiro	songwriter
occupation	Mohammad Akbar Barakzai (Pashto: محمد اکبر بارکزی‎) is a politician in Afghanistan, serving as the Governor of Baghlan from 2009 to 2010.	Mohammad Akbar Barakzai	politician
occupation	Thomas Beamish Akins (February 1, 1809 -- May 6, 1891) was a Canadian lawyer, historian, archivist, and author who was appointed Nova Scotia's first Commissioner of Public Records from 1857 until his death in 1891.	Thomas Beamish Akins	lawyer	historian
occupation	Edmund Sturton (fl. late 15th-early 16th century) was an English composer of the Tudor period.	Edmund Sturton	composer
occupation	Chandler Frantz (born September 24, 1998) is an American adolescent actor.	Chandler Frantz	actor
occupation	Murray Hedgcock (born 23 February 1931) is an Australian cricket writer and journalist.	Murray Hedgcock	journalist
occupation	Samuel Wharton (May 3, 1732 -- March 1800) was a merchant, land speculator, and politician from Dover in Kent County, Delaware.	Samuel Wharton	politician
occupation	Adolf Stachel (born 28 February 1913 in Augsburg, died 1971 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German chemist, researcher and inventor, who worked as a researcher at the chemical and pharmaceutical company Cassella (now Sanofi) in Frankfurt-Fechenheim for much of his career.	Adolf Stachel	chemist
occupation	John Terpstra (born in Brockville, Ontario) is a Canadian poet and carpenter.	John Terpstra	poet
occupation	Paul Arcand (born May 12, 1960) is a Canadian radio host, journalist and film producer.	Paul Arcand	radio host	journalist
occupation	Jon Clinch is an American novelist and teacher.	Jon Clinch	novelist
occupation	Kenneth MacCorquodale was an American psychologist who played a major role in developing scientifically validated operant conditioning methods.	Kenneth MacCorquodale	psychologist
occupation	William Rotheram (by 1519-1559), of Lincoln was an English politician.	William Rotheram	politician
occupation	Ludwig Stickelberger (May 18, 1850 -- April 11, 1936) was a Swiss mathematician who made important contributions to linear algebra (theory of elementary divisors) and algebraic number theory (Stickelberger relation in the theory of cyclotomic fields).	Ludwig Stickelberger	mathematician
occupation	David Treuer (born 1970) (Ojibwe) is an American writer, critic and academic.	David Treuer	writer
occupation	Dianne Chandler (born December 31, 1946 in Berwyn, Illinois) is an American model who served as both a Playboy Playmate of the Month and as a Playboy Bunny.	Dianne Chandler	model	Playboy Playmate
occupation	Wes Farrell (December 21, 1939 -- February 29, 1996) was an American musician, songwriter and record producer, who was most active in the 1960s and 1970s.	Wes Farrell	musician	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Ryan Knowles (born December 12, 1978 in California) is an American actor, singer, comedian, writer, and television host.	Ryan Knowles	actor
occupation	Mayleen Ramey is a television presenter who is currently the host of the Tennis Channel travel show Destination Tennis.	Mayleen Ramey	television presenter
occupation	Łukasz Maszczyk (born December 15, 1984 in Myszków) is a Polish amateur boxer who has qualified for the 2008 Olympics at Light-Flyweight.	Łukasz Maszczyk	boxer
occupation	P. Narayana Menon was an Indian lawyer, politician and administrator who served as the diwan of the Cochin kingdom from 1922 to 1925.	P. Narayana Menon	lawyer	politician
occupation	Monika Piel (born April 9, 1951 in Bensberg) is a German television journalist and radio journalist.	Monika Piel	journalist
occupation	Dylan Cash (born November 30, 1994) is an American child actor known for his contract role as Michael Corinthos on ABC's daytime drama General Hospital.	Dylan Cash	actor
occupation	Liam O'Gallagher (October 2, 1917 -- December 4, 2007) was an avant-garde sound artist, painter and teacher whose San Francisco studio became an early gathering place for Beat writers and poets in the 1950s.	Liam O'Gallagher	painter
occupation	Tara Jarmon is a Paris-based Canadian fashion designer.	Tara Jarmon	fashion designer
occupation	The song featured Indian composer/producer A. R. Rahman, Magne Furuholmen and Travis drummer Neil Primrose.	Magne Furuholmen	composer
occupation	Aylin Aslım (born 14 February 1975 in Lich, Hesse) is a Turkish singer, songwriter and actress.	Aylin Aslım	singer
occupation	Bureau de La Rivière was a French politician, knight and royal adviser.	Bureau de La Rivière	politician
occupation	Steve Runge (born June 12, 1968) is an American college golf coach and former professional golfer.	Steve Runge	golfer
occupation	Scott Berkun is an American author and speaker.	Scott Berkun	author
occupation	John F. Haslett is a writer based in Los Angeles, California.	John F. Haslett	writer
occupation	Elena Myers (born November 21, 1993) is an American professional motorcycle racer.	Elena Myers	motorcycle racer
occupation	Zakiruddin Zaki was an author, writer and social activist during the era of the Bhopal State.	Zakiruddin Zaki	writer
occupation	Lauren Molina (born April 15, 1981) is an American actress, singer, songwriter, and musician.	Lauren Molina	singer, songwriter
occupation	Craig Nova is an American novelist and author of fourteen novels.	Craig Nova	novelist
occupation	Raimon d'Avinhon was a Provençal troubadour from Avignon.	Raimon d'Avinhon	troubadour
occupation	Isaac Tyrnau (יצחק אייזיק מטירנא; also Isaak Tyrnau) was an Austrian (or Hungarian) rabbi, active in the late 14th century; he is most famous for his Sefer haMinhagim (Book of Customs).	Isaac Tyrnau	rabbi
occupation	Michael J. Cox (born Troy Edward Ballou on September 14, 1969) is a former American pornographic actor.	Michael J. Cox	actor
occupation	Broderick Smith performed with Tabasco Tom and Doc White, an American blues vocalist, singer songwriter and a Victorian blues and country musician.	Broderick Smith	singer songwriter
occupation	Amy Singer (born September 8, 1953) is a Florida trial consultant and research psychologist.	Amy Singer	psychologist
occupation	LaGaylia Frazier (born February 16, 1961) is an American-born Swedish singer who specializes in R&B and jazz.	LaGaylia Frazier	singer
occupation	Poul Rovsing Olsen (November 4, 1922 -- July 2, 1982) was a Danish composer and ethnomusicologist.	Poul Rovsing Olsen	composer	ethnomusicologist
participant of	Fernand Delarge (born 5 April 1903, date of death unknown) was a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Fernand Delarge	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bruce Pirnie (born 20 September 1942) is a Canadian former shot putter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Bruce Pirnie	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Romanas Brazdauskis (born February 20, 1964 in Kretinga) is a former basketball player from Lithuania, who won the bronze medal with the Lithuania national basketball team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Romanas Brazdauskis	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bertin Ebwellé Ndingué (born 11 September 1962 in Yaoundé) is a retired professional footballer who represented Cameroon at the 1990 FIFA World Cup.	Bertin Ebwellé	1990 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Béla Juhász (20 April 1921 in Nagykáta -- June 2002 in Budapest) was a Hungarian long-distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Béla Juhász	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maurice Blood (15 February 1870 -- 31 March 1940) was a British sport shooter, who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Maurice Blood	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Konstantinos Trigkonis (born 2 July 1970) is a Greek yacht racer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Konstantinos Trigkonis	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lorenzo Delgado (born August 10, 1916) is a Mexican boxer that competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics held in Berlin, Germany.	Lorenzo Delgado	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bertrand Turnbull (19 April 1887--17 November 1943) was a Welsh field hockey player from Cardiff, who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Bertrand Turnbull	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hugo Jahnke (March 6, 1886, Stockholm -- January 12, 1939) was a Swedish gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Hugo Jahnke	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yasuo Kawamura (Japanese: 河村 泰男; 7 May 1908 -- 13 October 1997) was a Japanese speed skater who competed in the 1932 and 1936 Winter Olympics.	Yasuo Kawamura	1936 Winter Olympics
participant of	Paula Kann (known as Paula Kann Valar after her marriage) (February 1, 1922; Vienna, Austria -- November 2, 2001; Franconia, New Hampshire) is an Austrian born American alpine skier who represented the United States at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, Switzerland.	Paula Kann	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Raul Arnemann (born 23 January 1953 in Pärnu) is a retired Estonian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Raul Arnemann	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chen Cuiting (Chinese: 陳翠婷; pinyin: Chén Cuìtíng; born 15 July 1971 in Changsha) is a retired Chinese artistic gymnast who represented China at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Chen Cuiting	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Mauricio Manzano López (born 30 September 1943 in San Salvador) is a retired football player from El Salvador who represented his country at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico.	Mauricio Manzano	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Gianina Ernst (born December 31, 1998) is a German ski jumper and the youngest participant during the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Gianina Ernst	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Noam Mills (Hebrew: נעם מילס‎; born May 27, 1986 in Hod Hasharon) is an Israeli fencer, who competed in the individual épée event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Noam Mills	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Domenico Fioravanti (born 31 May 1977) is a retired Italian competitive swimmer who won two gold medals in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Domenico Fioravanti	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Huzam Nabaah (Arabic: حزام نبعة‎, born January 2, 1981) is an amateur boxer from Qatar who competed in the Light Heavyweight (-81 kg) division at the 2006 Asian Games winning the bronze medal in a lost bout against Korea's Sung Song Hak 15-29.	Huzam Nabaah	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Firmo Roberti (born 4 February 1943) is an Argentine former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Firmo Roberti	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christina Metaxa was chosen by the public of Cyprus on 7 February 2009 with the song ``Firefly'' to represent the country at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia.	Christina Metaxa	Eurovision Song Contest 2009
participant of	Jürgen Schütze (3 March 1951 -- 6 September 2000) was a German racing cyclist, who won the bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Jürgen Schütze	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Attia Hamouda (1914 -- 1992) was a lightweight (60-67.5 kg) on the Egyptian weightlifting team at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.	Attia Hamouda	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Leon Lukman (Serbian: Leon Lukman; born October 27, 1931 in Kragujevac) is a retired Serbian pole vaulter who represented SFR Yugoslavia at the 1960 Summer Olympics and won 9th place.	Leon Lukman	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Annegret Kober (born 4 June 1957) is a retired German backstroke swimmer who won a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in the 4×100 m medley relay.	Annegret Kober	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josia Thugwane (born 15 April 1971) is a South African athlete, best known for winning the gold medal in the marathon race at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Josia Thugwane	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrés Recalde Miguez (June 5, 1904 -- ??) was an Uruguayan boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Andrés Recalde	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Seyed Ali Akbar Heidari (Persian: سید علی اكبر حیدری‎‎, born July 14, 1941 in Tehran) is an Iranian wrestler who won a bronze medal in Freestyle at the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Ali Akbar Heidari	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Denis St. George Daly (September 5, 1862 -- April 16, 1942) was an Irish polo player in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Denis St. George Daly	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Blake Skjellerup (born 13 June 1985 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a short track speed skater who competed for New Zealand at the 2010 Winter Olympics; finishing sixteenth.	Blake Skjellerup	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Giulia Lapi (born 5 November 1985) is an Italian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics in the duets event, finishing seventh both times.	Giulia Lapi	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Adam Whitehead (born 28 March 1980) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Coventry, England, who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Adam Whitehead	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhou Jun (Chinese: 周俊; pinyin: Zhōu Jùn; born 27 February 1995) is a Chinese weightlifter who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 53 kg. She failed all her three attempts and was not placed.	Zhou Jun	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kathrin Zimmermann (born 22 December 1966) is a former backstroke swimmer from East Germany who won a silver medal in the 200 m backstroke at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Kathrin Zimmermann	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ad Wijnands (Maastricht, 10 March 1959) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer, who won two stages in the 1981 Tour de France.	Ad Wijnands	Tour de France
participant of	Petra Mandula (born 17 January 1978) is a Hungarian former professional tennis player, who represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia; in singles she was eliminated in the first round by fourth seed Conchita Martínez of Spain, in doubles she reached the quarterfinals partnering Katalin Marosi.	Petra Mandula	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karel Tuns (16 January 1906 -- ?) was a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Karel Tuns	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Manuel Araneta, Jr. (8 December 1926 -- 4 July 2003) was a Filipino basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Manuel Araneta, Jr.	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	John H. Hendrickson (October 20, 1872 -- February 24, 1925) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	John H. Hendrickson	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Philippe Chancerel is a French sailor who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Philippe Chancerel	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carolina López Rodríguez is a Spanish adaptive sailor who has represented Spain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics where she came away with a Paralympic diploma.	Carolina López Rodríguez	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Lino Nessi (1904--??) was a Paraguayan football forward who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup.	Lino Nessi	1930 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Hakol Over Habibi (aka in English as Habibi Group) was an Israeli musical band which represented their country in Eurovision Song Contest 1981 with the song ``Halayla''.	Hakol Over Habibi	Eurovision Song Contest 1981
participant of	John Arthur Lindegren (October 13, 1911 -- May 23, 1981) is an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany.	Arthur Lindegren	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wilhelm Mahlow (born January 18, 1914, date of death unknown) was a German rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Wilhelm Mahlow	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maciej Kot competed for Poland at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.	Maciej Kot	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Rizzieri Rodeghiero (December 5, 1919 -- January 12, 1996) was an Italian cross-country and Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.	Rizzieri Rodeghiero	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Kamil Mikulčík (November 18, 1977) is a Slovak singer and actor who was the Slovakia entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with Nela Pocisková.	Kamil Mikulčík	Eurovision Song Contest 2009
participant of	Dino Rora (5 March 1945 -- 28 January 1966) was an Italian swimmer who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Dino Rora	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wacław Kuźmicki (April 27, 1921 -- August 19, 2013) was a Polish decathlete who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where he finished 16th in a field of 35 competitors.	Wacław Kuźmicki	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cornel Porumb (born 11 May 1939 in Sibiu) is a Romanian former high jumper who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Cornel Porumb	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhang Hongbo (simplified Chinese: 张洪波; traditional Chinese: 張洪波; pinyin: Zhāng Hóngbō; born 6 June 1980 in Panzhihua, Sichuan, China) is a Chinese baseball player who is a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Hongbo	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chen Xuan (Chinese: 陈绚, born 10 February 1978) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Chen Xuan	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dingko Singh (born 1 January 1979) is an Indian boxer who won the gold medal at 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok.	Dingko Singh	1998 Asian Games
participant of	Raúl Díaz Ortín (born 11 August 1980 in Murcia) is a Spanish football goalkeeper who has represented Spain as a member of the Spain national 5-a-side football team, winning a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Raúl Díaz Ortín	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Jiřina Křížová (born 21 February 1948 in Jirkov) is a Czech former field hockey player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Jiřina Křížová	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roberta Felotti (born 22 October 1964) is an Italian former swimmer who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Roberta Felotti	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Joseph Nzau (born April 14, 1949) is a Kenyan former long-distance runner who represented his country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Joseph Nzau	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ivar Sahlin (December 16, 1895 -- November 24, 1980) was a Swedish track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Ivar Sahlin	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kong Yingchao (born 9 October 1982) is a former Chinese biathlete who competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics, the 2006 Winter Olympics and the 2010 Winter Olympics.	Kong Yingchao	2002 Winter Olympics	2006 Winter Olympics	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Zheng Meizhu (simplified Chinese: 郑美珠; traditional Chinese: 鄭美珠; pinyin: Zhèng Měizhū; born November 5, 1962 in Fuzhou, Fujian) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Zheng Meizhu	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	In September Nicki Sørensen clinched stage 18 of the Vuelta a España after defeating Pascual Rodriguez in the sprint.	Nicki Sørensen	Vuelta a España
participant of	Munyoro Nyamau (Hezekiah Munyoro Nyamau; born December 5, 1942 or December 6, 1938 in Riangombe Nene, in Nyaribari Chache) is a former Kenyan athlete and winner of the gold medal in the 4x400 m relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Munyoro Nyamau	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Joseph Thomin (Ploudaniel, 30 June 1931) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won one stage in the 1956 Tour de France.	Joseph Thomin	Tour de France
participant of	On 7 July 2008, Ronaldinho was named in Brazil's 2008 Summer Olympics squad as one of the over-age players.	Ronaldinho	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl-Heinz Hopp (November 20, 1936 -- February 11, 2007) was a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Karl-Heinz Hopp	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fausto Mazzoleni (born December 15, 1960) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for EV Zug in Switzerland's National League A. Fausto Mazzoleni has participated as a member of the Swiss national team at the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Fausto Mazzoleni	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Hans Ziglarski (October 16, 1905 Białystok, Russian Empire -- February 12, 1975) was a German boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Hans Ziglarski	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hong Myung-bo went on to participate in major competitions such as 1990 FIFA World Cup, 1994 FIFA World Cup, 1998 FIFA World Cup, 2002 FIFA World Cup, 1996 AFC Asian Cup, 2000 AFC Asian Cup.	Hong Myung-bo	1990 FIFA World Cup	1994 FIFA World Cup	1998 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Wanda Bieler (born 7 July 1959 in Gressoney (AO)) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics and 1980 Winter Olympics.	Wanda Bieler	1976 Winter Olympics	1980 Winter Olympics
participant of	Dénes Birkás, also known as Deján Bikár (March 13, 1907 -- July 10, 1996), was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Dénes Birkás	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jaak Uudmäe (born September 3, 1954 in Tallinn) is a retired Estonian triple jumper and long jumper, gold medalist at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Jaak Uudmäe	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rui Jorge played for the Portuguese under-21 side which lost the 1994 UEFA European Championship final to Italy (1--2) and the Olympic team who finished fourth at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.	Rui Jorge	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ruslan Myrsatayev (born May 7, 1985) is a Kazakh boxer best known for qualifying in the Super Heavyweight division(+91 kg) at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ruslan Myrsatayev	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Orsolya Nagy (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈnɒɟ ˈorʃojɒ), born 17 November 1977) is a Hungarian fencer who competed in the women's individual sabre events at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.	Orsolya Nagy	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jack Willie (born April 15, 1979) is an amateur boxer from Papua New Guinea who won the Oceania Championships 2006, 2007 and 2008 at Junior Flyweight and qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Jack Willie	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Oluwafunmilayo Kemi Jimoh, commonly known as Funmi Jimoh, (born May 29, 1984 in Seattle, Washington) is an American long jumper, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Funmi Jimoh	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Albert Courquin (30 March 1875 -- 24 March 1953) was a French sport shooter who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics and 1924 Summer Olympics.	Albert Courquin	1908 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ahsan Mohomed Khan (born April 7, 1916, date of death unknown) was an Indian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Ahsan Mohomed Khan	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Václav Antoš (19 January 1905 -- 1978) was a Czech freestyle swimmer who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Václav Antoš	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Barbara Buchan (born 1955/1956) is an American cyclist who won two gold medals at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.	Barbara Buchan	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Sonja Lumme (born 6 October 1961 in Kristinestad) is a singer in Finland who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985 in which she sang Eläköön elämä.	Sonja Lumme	Eurovision Song Contest 1985
participant of	Sara Savoia (born 12 May 1985) is an Italian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Sara Savoia	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Darcie Dohnal (later Sharapova, born June 28, 1972) is an American short track speed skater who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Darcie Dohnal	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Sandra Schumacher (born 25 December 1966) is a retired track cyclist and road bicycle racer, who represented West Germany at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Sandra Schumacher	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marc Leuenberger (born July 24, 1962) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey left winger who last played for HC Fribourg-Gottéron in Switzerland's National League A. Leuenberger has participated as a member of the Swiss national team at the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Marc Leuenberger	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Annabel Kosten (born May 23, 1977 in Oostburg, Zeeland) is a retired freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who won the bronze medal with the Dutch women's 4×100 m freestyle relay team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Annabel Kosten	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nadine Ernsting-Krienke (born February 5, 1974 in Telgte, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a field hockey striker from Germany, who won the gold medal with the women's national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Nadine Ernsting-Krienke	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Javier Bruses Manresa (born May 11, 1979 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a field hockey goalkeeper from Spain, who was a member of the Men's National Team that finished fourth at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Javier Bruses	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Frane Katalinić, italianized to Francesco Cattalinich (October 4, 1891 -- April 3, 1976) was an Croatian rower who competed for Italy in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Frane Katalinić	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eric Roy Sandstrom (born 11 September 1931) is a retired track and field sprinter, who represented Great Britain in the men's 100, 200 metres and 4 x 100metres relay at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia.	Roy Sandstrom	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Trent Milton (born 4 May 1972) is an Australian Paralympic snowboarder who, at the age of 41, competed for Australia at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi.	Trent Milton	2014 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Alejandro Maldonado Aguirre (born January 6, 1936) is a Guatemalan politician who was the Acting President of Guatemala, following the Congress of Guatemala's acceptance of the resignation of President Otto Pérez Molina on September 3, 2015.	Alejandro Maldonado	Congress of Guatemala
participant of	Jiří Kavan (11 December 1943 -- 14 June 2010) was a Czechoslovak handball player who competed in the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.	Jiří Kavan	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Léon Omer Beaugendre (9 September 1883 -- 20 April 1954) was a French cyclist who competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris and in the 1910 Tour de France.	Omer Beaugendre	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gerard Kemkers (born 8 March 1967) is a former speed skater from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Canada.	Gerard Kemkers	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Calum Giles (born 27 October 1972, Portsmouth, Great Britain) is a former Great Britain olympic field hockey player, who competed in the British squad at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Calum Giles	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mansour Mehdizadeh (Persian: منصور مهدی‌زاده‎‎, born 14 August 1938) is an Iranian former wrestler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Mansour Mehdizadeh	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Esmaeil Ebadi (Persian: اسماعیل عبادی‎‎, born 11 August 1976) is an Iranian Archer who won the gold medal at the 2014 Asian Games.	Esmaeil Ebadi	2014 Asian Games
participant of	``José Ramón Cantero Elvira is a vision impair Spanish swimmer who has represented Spain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.	José Ramón Cantero Elvira	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Joice Silva competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Valeria Zholobova in the 1/8 finals.	Joice Silva	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paweł Sobczak (born June 4, 1969 in Lubraniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian) is a retired field hockey goalkeeper from Poland, who was a member of the Men's National Team that ended up in twelfth and last place at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Paweł Sobczak	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Gómez Mustelier aka Jovani Gomez (born January 28, 1959 in Colombia, Cuba) was a Cuban boxer, who won the middleweight gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	José Gómez Mustelier	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eduard Pütsep (21 October 1898 -- 22 August 1960) was an Estonian wrestler who won a Gold Medal in the Bantamweight division in the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, France after defeating Sweden's Sigfrid Hansson in the Sixth Round.	Eduard Pütsep	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Payao Poontarat (Thai: พเยาว์ พูนธรัตน์) (October 18, 1957 -- August 13, 2006) was a Thai boxer who, at the age of 18, won the bronze medal in the men's Light flyweight (-48 kg) category at the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Payao Poontarat	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anton Koolmann (11 September 1899 -- 29 June 1953) was a wrestler and coach from Kuusalu Parish, Estonia who took part at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, France.	Anton Koolmann	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Valentina Iliffe (born 17 February 1956 in Sydney, Australia) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics, in the 1976 Winter Olympics, and in the 1980 Winter Olympics.	Valentina Iliffe	1972 Winter Olympics	1976 Winter Olympics	1980 Winter Olympics
participant of	Vladislav Chalupa (6 February 1871, date of death unknown) was a Czech-born cyclist who competed for France in the men's sprint event at the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Vladislav Chalupa	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bulat Zhumadilov (born April 22, 1973) is a Kazakh boxer who competed in the Men's Flyweight (-- 51 kg) at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal.	Bulat Zhumadilov	2000 Summer Olympics
performer	Pangeran Cinta is the fourth album by Indonesia pop band ST 12.	Pangeran Cinta	ST 12
performer	Tall Grass & Cool Water is the thirty-first album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey, his third album of bluegrass music, and his sixth album of cowboy music.	Tall Grass & Cool Water	Michael Martin Murphey
performer	Fahrenheit Fair Enough is the first full-length album by American IDM band Telefon Tel Aviv, released on Hefty!	Fahrenheit Fair Enough	Telefon Tel Aviv
performer	Red Lanta is an album by American jazz pianist Art Lande featuring Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek recorded in 1973 and released on the ECM label.	Red Lanta	Art Lande
performer	Transmutation (Mutatis Mutandis) is the first album by Bill Laswell's ever-changing ``supergroup'' Praxis.	Transmutation (Mutatis Mutandis)	Praxis
performer	Spreading the Disease is the second studio album by the American thrash metal band Anthrax.	Spreading the Disease	Anthrax
performer	Decade of Drive is the first greatest hits album by Canadian country music group Emerson Drive.	Decade of Drive	Emerson Drive
performer	``Le Casse de Brice'' is a 2005 song recorded by the French comedian and actor Jean Dujardin.	Le Casse de Brice	Jean Dujardin
performer	Living Thing is the fifth album by Peter Bjorn and John (not including their instrumental Seaside Rock project), released on March 30, 2009 in the UK and March 31 in the US.	Living Thing	Peter Bjorn and John
performer	Dönmem Yolumdan (I don't Retract from My Way) is the name of a Turkish album by Asya.	Dönmem Yolumdan	Asya
place of birth	Vladimir Dišljenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Bлaдимиp Дишљeнкoвић, Ukrainian: Вoлoдимир Дишленкович Volodymyr Dyshlenkovych; born July 2, 1981 in Belgrade) is a Ukrainian-Serbian footballer.	Vladimir Dišljenković	Belgrade
place of birth	Sandro Schwarz (born 17 October 1978) is a German former footballer who is the current manager of Mainz 05 II.	Sandro Schwarz	Mainz
place of birth	Andrés Montiel (Spanish pronunciation: (anˈdɾez monˈtjel)), is a Mexican actor born in Guadalajara, Jalisco.	Andrés Montiel	Guadalajara
place of birth	R. R. Patil, popularly known as ``Aaba'', (Marathi :आबा) was born on 16 August 1957 in the village of Anjani, in the Tasgaon taluka, Sangli district in the State of Maharashtra.	R. R. Patil	Tasgaon
place of birth	Sasha Alexander, of ethnic Serb descent, was born Suzana S. Drobnjaković (Serbian: Сузана Дробњаковић) in Los Angeles, California.	Sasha Alexander	Los Angeles
place of birth	Charles F. Wennerstrum (October 11, 1889 -- June 1, 1986) was an American lawyer who presided over and sharply criticized some of the Nuremberg war crimes trials after World War II. Wennerstrum was born in Cambridge, Illinois and studied at Drake University, where he graduated in law in 1914.	Charles F. Wennerstrum	Cambridge, Illinois
place of birth	Serge Deslières (born April 14, 1947 in Montreal, Quebec) is a former Quebec politician and teacher.	Serge Deslières	Montreal
place of birth	Robert Russell Bennett was born in 1894 to a musical family in Kansas City, Missouri.	Robert Russell Bennett	Kansas City
place of birth	Myles MacInnes (born 10 May 1978, Broadford, Isle of Skye, Scotland), better known by the stage name Mylo, is a Scottish electronic musician and record producer.	Mylo	Scotland
place of birth	Shelby Lynne (born Shelby Lynn Moorer, October 22, 1968, Quantico, Virginia) is an American singer and songwriter.	Shelby Lynne	Quantico, Virginia
place of death	Edith Humphrey was the youngest of the seven surviving children of John Charles Humphrey (1833--1903), a clerk at the London Metropolitan Board of Works, and his wife Louisa (née Frost, 1831--1910), a teacher.	Edith Humphrey	London
place of death	Agnese di Montefeltro (Gubbio, 1470 -- Rome, 1523) was the daughter of Federico da Montefeltro, duke of Urbino and of his second wife, Battista Sforza.	Agnese di Montefeltro	Rome
place of death	William H. Nicholson (1869-1911) was the first African American fireman in the New York City Fire Department.	William H. Nicholson	New York City
place of death	Ernst Lissauer (16 December 1882, Berlin -- 10 December 1937, Vienna) was a German-Jewish poet and dramatist remembered for the phrase Gott strafe England.	Ernst Lissauer	Vienna
place of death	Lajos Keresztes (30 April 1900 in Alsósófalva (now Ocna de Jos, Romania) -- 9 August 1978 in Budapest) was a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.	Lajos Keresztes	Budapest
place of death	Gudula died and was buried at Hamme (Flemish Brabant).	Gudula	Hamme
place of death	Géza Kresz de Szemlőhegy (30 August 1846 -- 10 April 1901) was a Hungarian physician, founder of the Budapest Voluntary Ambulance Society and the Pest Skating Club.	Géza Kresz	Budapest
place of death	Daniel Clasen, in Latin Danielis Clasenius or Clasenus (1 May 1622, Lüneburg -- 20 November 1678, Helmstedt), was a German political theorist, religious scholar, and classicist.	Daniel Clasen	Helmstedt
place of death	Lodovico Vedriani (1601-1670) was an Italian historian and priest from Modena.	Lodovico Vedriani	Modena
place of death	Mirko Kokotović (15 April 1913 in Lukavac -- 15 November 1988 in Zagreb) was a Croatian footballer who played international football for the both the Croatian and Royal Yugoslavian national teams.	Mirko Kokotović	Zagreb
position held	Józef Drzazga (1914--1978) was a Polish Catholic priest, bishop of Warmia from 1972 to 1978.	Józef Drzazga	bishop
position held	Joseph Patrick Delaney (August 24, 1934 -- July 12, 2005) was the second American Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Fort Worth in the state of Texas.	Joseph Patrick Delaney	bishop
position held	Jonkheer Petrus Andreas van Meeuwen ('s-Hertogenbosch, January 27, 1772 -- Maastricht, August 19, 1848) was a Dutch politician, lawyer, a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, and a member of the Council of State of the Netherlands.	Petrus Andreas van Meeuwen	member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands
position held	Gaspard Fauteux, PC (August 27, 1898 -- March 29, 1963) was a Canadian parliamentarian, Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons (1945--1949), and the 19th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec (1950--1958).	Gaspard Fauteux	Lieutenant Governor of Quebec
position held	Laimdota Straujuma (born 24 February 1951) is a Latvian economist who was the Prime Minister of Latvia from January 2014 to February 2016.	Laimdota Straujuma	Prime Minister of Latvia
position held	Joseph Raphael John Crimont, SJ (February 2, 1858 -- May 20, 1945) was a 20th-century bishop in the Catholic Church in the United States.	Joseph Raphael John Crimont	bishop
position held	Dr. Paul Martin Pearson (October 22, 1871 -- March 26, 1938) was an author, college professor, and a very embattled first civilian Governor of the United States Virgin Islands.	Paul Martin Pearson	Governor of the United States Virgin Islands
position held	Stefano Pignatelli (Perugia, 1578 -- Rome, 12 August 1623) was an Italian cardinal.	Stefano Pignatelli	cardinal
position held	Giovanni Vincenzo Gonzaga (1540--1591) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal.	Giovanni Vincenzo Gonzaga	cardinal
position held	In 1945 Robert Neddermeyer served briefly as the mayor of Liebenwalde, the town near to which he still owned a small chicken farm.	Robert Neddermeyer	mayor
position held	Sherri Smith Buffington, formerly Sherri Smith Cheek (born August 1966), is a businesswoman from Shreveport, Louisiana, who is a third-term Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate for District 38 (south Caddo and DeSoto parishes).	Sherri Smith Buffington	member of the Louisiana State Senate
position held	Sheila Fraser (born September 16, 1950) served as Auditor General of Canada from 2001 to 2011.	Sheila Fraser	Auditor General of Canada
position held	Dušan Vujović (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Вујовић; born 22 July 1951) is a Serbian politician and current Minister of Finance in the Government of Serbia.	Dušan Vujović	Minister of Finance
position held	Andrew Messenger (1650 -- October 1730) was a deputy of the General Assembly of the Colony of Connecticut from Norwalk in the sessions of May 1691, and October 1696, and a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in the sessions of October 1700, October 1701, and May 1702.	Andrew Messenger	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Jim Ardis is the mayor of Peoria, Illinois, a position he has held since 2005.	Jim Ardis	mayor
position held	Richard Bélisle (born 20 July 1946 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian politician who was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 1997.	Richard Bélisle	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Flavius Odoacer (433--493), also known as Flavius Odovacer (Italian: Odoacre, Latin: Odoacerus German: Odoaker), was a soldier who in 476 became the first King of Italy (476--493).	Odoacer	King of Italy
position held	Sofu Mehmed Pasha (died August 1649), also known as Mevlevi Mehmed Pasha, was an Ottoman statesman who served as grand vizier and defterdar (finance minister).	Sofu Mehmed Pasha	defterdar
position held	Raffaele Forni (Villa Bedretto, 24 May 1906 -- Lugano, 29 September 1990) was a Roman Catholic archbishop.	Raffaele Forni	archbishop
position held	Frederick de la Roche (died 30 October 1174) was the sixth Latin archbishop of Tyre (1164--1174), chancellor of the kingdom of Jerusalem (c. 1150), and the chief diplomat of King Amalric I. He was a Lorrainer, from the town of La Roche, of noble stock.	Frederick de la Roche	archbishop
position held	Sir Otto Jaffe, JP (born 13 August 1846, Hamburg -- died 29 April 1929, London) was a German-born Jewish businessman, who was twice elected Lord Mayor of Belfast.	Otto Jaffe	Lord Mayor of Belfast
position held	Floyd Dale Grubb is a former member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 42nd District since 1988.	Dale Grubb	member of the Indiana House of Representatives
position held	The Rt Revd Mark van Koevering is an Anglican bishop.	Mark van Koevering	bishop
position held	Jimmy Matlock is the Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 21st district, encompassing Lenoir City, and parts of Loudon County and Monroe County.	Jimmy Matlock	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Pierre Charles (30 June 1954 -- 6 January 2004) was Prime Minister of Dominica from 2000 to 2004 as well as Member of Parliament for Grand Bay, Dominica from 1985 until his death.	Pierre Charles	Prime Minister of Dominica
position held	Roger-Émile Aubry, C.Ss.R., (11 April 1923 -- 17 February 2010) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Vicariate Apostolic of Reyes, Bolivia.	Roger-Émile Aubry	bishop
position held	Cecil L. Collins (April 21, 1926 -- September 30, 2007) is the former Mayor of North Augusta, South Carolina, U.S., from 1967 to 1971 and a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1972 to 1977.	Cecil L. Collins	member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
position held	Rudolf Kirchschläger (20 March 1915 -- 30 March 2000) was an Austrian diplomat, politician, judge and, from 1974 to 1986, the eighth President of Austria.	Rudolf Kirchschläger	President of Austria
position held	Tadeusz Paweł Zakrzewski (11 August 1883 in Skoki -- 26 November 1961) was a Polish Catholic priest, auxiliary bishop of Łomża (1938--1946), bishop of Płock (1946--1961), rector of Polish Papal Institute in Rome (1928--1938).	Tadeusz Paweł Zakrzewski	bishop
position held	Ioannis Kolokotronis (Greek: Ιωάνης Κολοκοτρώνης; 1805-1868), or Gennaios Kolokotronis (Greek: Γενναίος Κολοκοτρώνης) as the other were calling him was a Greek warrior of the Greek War of Independence, general and Prime Minister of Greece.	Gennaios Kolokotronis	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Vahid Ahmadov (born 1947, Qonaqkənd, Quba Rayon, Azerbaijan) is a Member of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan and Deputy chairman of Azerbaijani National Assembly's Committee on Economic Policy.	Vahid Ahmadov	Member of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan
position held	Savio Tai Fai Hon SDB (traditional Chinese: 韓大輝; simplified Chinese: 韩大辉; pinyin: Hán Dàhuī; born 21 October 1950) is a Roman Catholic archbishop and the current secretary of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 23 December 2010.	Savio Tai Fai Hon	archbishop
position held	Abner Coburn (March 22, 1803 -- January 4, 1885) was the 30th Governor of Maine from 1863 to 1864 and a prominent individual in Skowhegan, Maine until his death.	Abner Coburn	Governor of Maine
position held	Nasim Hasan Shah (Urdu: نسیم حسن شاہ) (15 April 1929 -- 3 February 2015) was a Pakistani judge who was Chief Justice of Pakistan.	Nasim Hasan Shah	Chief Justice of Pakistan
position held	Jerry L. Nailor was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 88th District from 1989 until his retirement in 2008, prior to the 2008 election and was succeeded by Republican Sheryl M. Delozier.	Jerry L. Nailor	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Alexandru G. Golescu (1819 -- 15 August 1881) was a Romanian politician who served as a Prime Minister of Romania in 1870 (between 14 February and 1 May).	Alexandru G. Golescu	Prime Minister of Romania
position held	Ron Suster is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, and a current judge in Cuyahoga County.	Ron Suster	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Cushman Kellogg Davis (June 16, 1838 -- November 27, 1900) was an American Republican politician who served as the seventh Governor of Minnesota and as a U.S. Senator from Minnesota.	Cushman Kellogg Davis	Governor of Minnesota
position held	Lodovico Belluzzi was Captain Regent of San Marino (April 1834 - October 1834).	Lodovico Belluzzi	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Morris Fidanque de Castro (1902 -- December 9, 1966) was the first native Governor of the United States Virgin Islands and a lifetime government servant for the territory.	Morris Fidanque de Castro	Governor of the United States Virgin Islands
position held	John Henry Kinkead (December 10, 1826 -- August 15, 1904) was an American businessman and politician who served as the third Governor of Nevada and the first Governor of the District of Alaska.	John Henry Kinkead	Governor of Nevada
position held	Blessed Andrea Carlo Ferrari (13 August 1850 -- 2 February 1921) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the Archbishop of Milan.	Andrea Carlo Ferrari	cardinal
position held	Nitocris (Greek: Νίτωκρις) has been claimed to have been the last pharaoh of the Sixth Dynasty.	Nitocris	pharaoh
position held	Simeon Daniel (22 August 1934 -- 27 May 2012) was the first Premier of Nevis.	Simeon Daniel	Premier of Nevis
position held	Felixberto Camacho Flores (January 23, 1921 - October 25, 1985) was a Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Agana from April 21, 1971 to his death October 25, 1985.	Felixberto Camacho Flores	bishop
position held	Edward Reynolds (November 1599 -- 28 July 1676) was a bishop of Norwich in the Church of England and an author.	Edward Reynolds	bishop
position held	Saint Mildburh (alternatively Milburga or Milburgh) (died 715) was the Benedictine abbess of Wenlock Priory.	Mildburh	abbess
position held	Chauncey Fitch Cleveland (February 16, 1799 -- June 6, 1887) was an American politician, a United States Representative and the 31st Governor of Connecticut.	Chauncey Fitch Cleveland	Governor of Connecticut
position held	Kheperkare Nakhtnebef, better known with his hellenized name Nectanebo I, was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh, founder of the last native dynasty of Egypt, the thirtieth.	Nectanebo I	pharaoh
position held	Christian Widule was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and Wisconsin State Senate.	Christian Widule	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Camil Samson (January 3, 1935 - December 18, 2012) was a politician in Quebec, Canada, Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA), and leader of the Ralliement créditiste du Québec and other political parties.	Camil Samson	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Larry Galizio (born 1964) was a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 35 from 2004 to 2010.	Larry Galizio	member of the Oregon House of Representatives
position held	Charles de Ferriol (1652--1722) was a French ambassador sent by Louis XIV to the Ottoman Empire from 1692 to 1711, during the rule of Sultan Ahmed III. A painting by Jean-Baptiste van Mour, who had accompanied him on his mission to Constantinople, shows his reception by the Sultan.	Charles de Ferriol	ambassador
position held	Marshall Otis Howe (October 4, 1832 -- May 13, 1919) was a farmer, school superintendent and Justice of the Peace from Newfane, Vermont and member of the Vermont House of Representatives, serving in 1882.	Marshall Otis Howe	member of the Vermont House of Representatives
position held	Zweder van Culemborg (or Kuilenburg) (died 21 September 1433, in Basel) was bishop of Utrecht during the Utrecht Schism.	Zweder van Culemborg	bishop
position held	Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo (1499--1562) was a Spanish Roman Catholic Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop.	Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo	cardinal
position held	Peter of Atroa (773--837) was an abbot who was later canonized as a saint.	Peter of Atroa	abbot
position held	John Ellis Martineau (December 2, 1873 -- March 6, 1937) was the 28th Governor of Arkansas, having served for less than one term from 1927 to 1928.	John Ellis Martineau	Governor of Arkansas
position held	François Xavier Yombandje (Koumra; July 9, 1956) is a former Central African Roman Catholic bishop.	Xavier Yombandje	bishop
position held	Adhémar Raynault (12 July 1891 -- 11 April 1984) was a Canadian politician and a Mayor of Montreal.	Adhémar Raynault	Mayor of Montreal
position held	Johannes Trithemius (1 February 1462 -- 13 December 1516), born Johann Heidenberg, was a German Benedictine abbot and a polymath active in the German Renaissance as a lexicographer, chronicler, cryptographer and occultist.	Johannes Trithemius	abbot
position held	Banny deBrum (pronounced Der-Broom; 1956 -- March 16, 2011) was the ambassador of the Republic of the Marshall Islands to the United States until his death in March 2011.	Banny deBrum	ambassador
position held	Charles Armijo Woodruff (January 12, 1884 -- November 23, 1945) was a United States Navy officer and the 11th Governor of American Samoa from December 6, 1914 to March 1, 1915.	Charles Armijo Woodruff	Governor of American Samoa
position held	Carlos Pedro Zilli (born 7 October 1954) is a Brazilian-born Guinea-Bissauan Roman Catholic bishop.	Carlos Pedro Zilli	bishop
position held	Christine Chapman (born 7 April 1956) is a Welsh Labour Co-operative politician who has been a Member of the National Assembly for Wales for Cynon Valley since 1999.	Christine Chapman	Member of the National Assembly for Wales
position held	George Hugh Niederauer (born June 14, 1936) is an American bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	George Hugh Niederauer	bishop
position held	Anthony Joseph Burgess (29 July 1938 − 23 October 2013) was an Australian-born Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic bishop.	Anthony Joseph Burgess	bishop
position held	Xavier de Mérode (Frédéric François Xavier Ghislain; Brussels, 1820; died at Rome, 1874) was a Belgian prelate, archbishop and statesman of the Papal states.	Xavier de Mérode	archbishop
position held	France-Albert René (born 16 November 1935) was the long-time socialist President of Seychelles from 1977 to 2004.	France-Albert René	President of Seychelles
position held	Gérard Gobaille (died 12 September 1494, Melun) was a French bishop.	Gérard Gobaille	bishop
position held	Pedro Ferris (1416--1478) (called the Cardinal of Tarazona) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Pedro Ferris	cardinal
position held	Emil Boc (Romanian pronunciation: (eˈmil ˈbok); born 6 September 1966) is a Romanian politician who was Prime Minister of Romania from 22 December 2008 until 6 February 2012 and is the current Mayor of Cluj-Napoca, the largest city of Transylvania, where he was first elected in June 2004.	Emil Boc	Prime Minister of Romania
position held	John Piers (Peirse) (1522/3 -- 1594) was Archbishop of York between 1589--1594.	John Piers	Archbishop of York
position held	Carlo Agostino Fabroni (August 28, 1651 -September 19, 1727) was an Italian, Roman Catholic cardinal.	Carlo Agostino Fabroni	cardinal
position held	Erik Pontoppidan (August 24, 1698 -- December 20, 1764) was a Danish author, bishop, historian and antiquary.	Erik Pontoppidan	bishop
position held	Ralph of Coggeshall (d. after 1227), English chronicler, was at first a monk and afterwards sixth abbot (1207--1218) of Coggeshall, an Essex foundation of the Cistercian order.	Ralph of Coggeshall	abbot
position held	Giorgio La Pira (9 January 1904 -- 5 November 1977) was an Italian politician who served as mayor of Florence twice (1950-1956, 1960-1964).	Giorgio La Pira	mayor
position held	Justus (sometimes Iustus; died on 10 November between 627 and 631) was the fourth Archbishop of Canterbury.	Justus	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Costantino de Castro was a bishop of Bosa, in Sardinia, Italy.	Costantino de Castro	bishop
position held	Taliqu was Khan of the Chagatai Khanate (1308-1309).	Taliqu	Khan
position held	Joseph C. Murphy (August 3, 1907 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin -- 1987) was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives.	Joseph C. Murphy	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Edward Eastman (February 22, 1806 - February 23, 1870) was an American merchant and bookseller from Oshkosh, Wisconsin who was the first mayor of Oshkosh, served several years as its postmaster, and spent a single one-year term in 1851 as a Free Soil Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Edward Eastman	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Jean-Jacques Bertrand (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃ ʒɑk bɛʁtʁɑ̃); June 20, 1916 -- February 22, 1973) was the 21st Premier of Quebec, Canada, from October 2, 1968 to May 12, 1970.	Jean-Jacques Bertrand	Premier of Quebec
position held	Alonso Fernández de Córdoba y Aguilar (1653--1699) was a Spanish cardinal who served as Grand Inquisitor of Spain briefly in 1699.	Alonso Fernández de Córdoba y Aguilar	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Lorenz Grässel (1753 - 1793) was the Roman Catholic co-adjudicator bishop for Baltimore and was the first German-American Catholic bishop.	Lorenz Grässel	bishop
position held	Herodias (Greek: Ηρωδιάς, Hērōdiás; c. 15 BCE -- after 39 CE) was a princess of the Herodian Dynasty of Judaea during the time of the Roman Empire.	Herodias	princess
position held	Ramesses XI (also written Ramses and Rameses) reigned from 1107 BC to 1078 BC or 1077 BC and was the tenth and final pharaoh of the Twentieth dynasty of Egypt.	Ramesses XI	pharaoh
position held	Dr. Negasso Gidada Solon (Amharic: ነጋሶ ጊዳዳ? Nägaso Gidada; born 1943) was the President of Ethiopia from 1995 until 2001.	Negasso Gidada	President of Ethiopia
position held	Giovanni Gradenigo (died August 8, 1356) was the fifty-sixth Doge of Venice, appointed on April 21, 1355.	Giovanni Gradenigo	Doge of Venice
position held	Christy Cooney (Irish: Críostóir Ó Cuana, born 1952 in Youghal, County Cork, Ireland) is a Gaelic games administrator, who served as the 36th President of the Gaelic Athletic Association.	Christy Cooney	President of the Gaelic Athletic Association
position held	Tan Sri Chik Mohamad Yusuf bin Sheikh Abdul Rahman (known by many as C.M. Yusuf) was the third Speaker of the Dewan Rakyat, the lower house in the Malaysian Parliament.	Chik Mohamad Yusuf	Speaker of the Dewan Rakyat
position held	Michael Gower Coleman (19 April 1939 -- 17 December 2011) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Port Elizabeth, South Africa.	Michael Gower Coleman	bishop
position held	Jean-François Boyer (March 12, 1675 in Paris -- August 20, 1755 in Versailles), was a French bishop, best known for having been a vehement opponent of Jansenism and the Philosophe school.	Jean-François Boyer	bishop
position held	Julio Rosales y Ras (September 18, 1906 -- June 2, 1983) also known as Julio Rosales, the second Archbishop of Cebu, was a Filipino cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Julio Rosales	cardinal
position held	John Bernard Fitzpatrick (November 1, 1812 -- February 13, 1866) was an American bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	John Bernard Fitzpatrick	bishop
position held	Timothy James Eustace, commonly known as Tim Eustace (born December 27, 1956) is an American chiropractor and Democratic Party politician from Maywood, New Jersey who is a member of the New Jersey General Assembly, representing the 38th Legislative District since 2012.	Tim Eustace	member of the New Jersey General Assembly
position held	Mary Ann Perez (born 1962) is a Democrat departing one-term member of the Texas House of Representatives, having served from 2013 to 2015.	Mary Ann Perez	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Wolfgang Treu (d. 1540, Vienna) was the mayor of Vienna from 1528 to 1530, 1532 to 1533 and 1536 to 1537.	Wolfgang Treu	mayor
position held	Milan Ford (February 14, 1822 -- August 22, 1900) was an American farmer from Oshkosh, Wisconsin who served two years as a Greenback member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Winnebago County.	Milan Ford	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Charles Herman Helmsing (March 23, 1908, Shrewsbury, Missouri -- December 20, 1993) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Diocese of Kansas City--	Charles Herman Helmsing	bishop
position held	Ivars Godmanis (born 27 November 1951) is a Latvian politician who was Prime Minister of Latvia from 1990 to 1993 and again from 2007 to 2009.	Ivars Godmanis	Prime Minister of Latvia
position held	Francis Thomas (February 3, 1799 -- January 22, 1876) was a Maryland politician who served as the 26th Governor of Maryland from 1842 to 1845.	Francis Thomas	Governor of Maryland
position held	Glen Casada (born August 2, 1959) is a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives, in which he has served as Assistant Floor Leader and Chairman for the Republican caucus.	Glen Casada	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Akua Kuenyehia (born 1947) is a Ghanaian lawyer who served a judge of the International Criminal Court (ICC) from 2003 to 2015.	Akua Kuenyehia	judge of the International Criminal Court
position held	Conrad Gröber (April 1, 1872, Meßkirch -- February 14, 1948, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a Catholic priest and archbishop of the Archdiocese of Freiburg.	Conrad Gröber	archbishop
position held	Bryan Gallagher (21 September 1911 − 6 October 1982) was an Australian Roman Catholic bishop.	Bryan Gallagher	bishop
position held	Denise Leblanc-Bantey, also known as Denise Leblanc, was a Canadian politician and a two-term Member of the National Assembly of Quebec.	Denise Leblanc-Bantey	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Damaso Pio De Bono (Bivona 23 October 1850 - Bivona 14 November 1927) was the eighth bishop of Caltagirone in Italy.	Damaso Pio De Bono	bishop
position held	Guillaume de Joinville (died 1226) was a French archbishop of Reims.	Guillaume de Joinville	archbishop
position held	Andrew Gordon Magrath (February 8, 1813 -- April 9, 1893) was the last Confederate Governor of South Carolina from 1864 to 1865, having previously been a United States federal judge.	Andrew Gordon Magrath	Governor of South Carolina
position held	Pietro Salvatore Colombo, OFM (October 28, 1922 - 9 July 1989) was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mogadiscio (Somalia) from 1976 until his assassination.	Salvatore Colombo	bishop
position held	Elected as a councillor in Perpignan in 1865, Lazare Escarguel becomes mayor of that city in 1870.	Lazare Escarguel	councillor
position held	Septimius Severus (; ; 11 April 145 -- 4 February 211), also known as Severus, was Roman emperor from 193 to 211.	Septimius Severus	Roman emperor
position held	Clapp Raymond (June 20, 1732 -- 1795) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in the sessions of May and October 1778, October 1779, and October 1783.	Clapp Raymond	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Bernard du Bec (d. May 8, 1149), also known as Bernard le Vénérable, was a Benedictine monk who served as the thirteenth abbot of Mont Saint-Michel.	Bernard du Bec	abbot
position held	Sergio Pintor (born 16 November 1937) is bishop emeritus of Ozieri.	Sergio Pintor	bishop
position held	Pudhota Chinniah Balaswamy (10 October 1928 -- 24 September 2009) was the Indian bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nellore, which is based in the city of Nellore.	Pudhota Chinniah Balaswamy	bishop
position played on team / speciality	Nicolai Høgh (born 9 November 1983) is a Danish footballer who plays as a defender for Danish First Division side AB.	Nicolai Høgh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lucija Mori (born 31 January 1988) is a Slovenian international football goalkeeper currently playing for Soccer Women Carinthians in the Austrian league.	Lucija Mori	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Zé Roberto, real name José Roberto Lucini (born May 31, 1981) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Paraná.	José Roberto Lucini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Leroy Sané (German pronunciation: (ˈlɛ.ʀɔʏ ˈza.nɛː), French pronunciation: ​(lə.ʁwa sa.ne); born 11 January 1996) is a German professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Schalke 04 and the Germany national football team.	Leroy Sané	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roger Nilsen (born 8 August 1969 in Tromsø) is a Norwegian football coach and former defender.	Roger Nilsen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Manuel Navarrete (born 20 February 1988 in Sastre, Santa Fe) is an Argentine football midfielder who currently plays for club Atlético San Jorge in Argentina.	Juan Manuel Navarrete	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rabia Civan (born January 5, 1999) is a Turkish women's football forward currently playing in the Turkish Women's First Football League for Kdz.	Rabia Civan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jak Alnwick (born 17 June 1993) is an English football goalkeeper who plays for League One side Port Vale.	Jak Alnwick	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Scott Bower (born June 27, 1978, Port Angeles, Washington) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in Major League Soccer.	Scott Bower	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ole-Christian Rørvik (born 21 February 1989) is a Norwegian footballer goalkeeper who plays for Aalesund in Tippeligaen.	Ole-Christian Rørvik	goalkeeper
present in work	Brigadier General M. Diane Beckman, USAF is a fictional character in the NBC television series Chuck.	Diane Beckman	Chuck
present in work	Champignac, or specifically Champignac-en-Cambrousse, is a fictional village frequently featured in the adventures of Spirou et Fantasio by André Franquin and the successive authors.	Champignac	Spirou et Fantasio
present in work	Katja Brandner is a fictional character on German daytime soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love).	Katja Brandner	Verbotene Liebe
present in work	GLaDOS has been used several times for reveals in the Portal series.	GLaDOS	Portal series
present in work	The primary account of Noah in the Bible is in the book of Genesis.	Noah	Bible
present in work	The Battle of the Hornburg is a fictional battle in J. R. R. Tolkien's epic The Lord of the Rings.	Battle of the Hornburg	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	Jia Qiaojie (Chinese: 賈巧姐; Pinyin: Jiǎ Qiǎojiě) is a character in the Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Jia Qiaojie	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Maya Herrera is a fictional character in the NBC drama Heroes, portrayed by Dania Ramirez.	Maya Herrera	Heroes
present in work	Ingsoc (Newspeak for English Socialism or the English Socialist Party) is the political ideology of the totalitarian government of Oceania in George Orwell's dystopian novel Nineteen Eighty-Four.	Ingsoc	Nineteen Eighty-Four
present in work	Adam Park is a fictional major character from the universe of the American television series franchise Power Rangers, played by Johnny Yong Bosch.	Adam Park	Power Rangers
present in work	Sabrina Hughes (maiden name Fullerton; previously Crawley) is a fictional character in the daytime soap opera As the World Turns.	Sabrina Hughes	As the World Turns
present in work	Osip Dymov (Russian: Осип Дымов) is the central fictional character in the classic story ``The Grasshopper'' (1892) by Anton Chekhov.	Osip Dymov	The Grasshopper
present in work	Ironhide is killed in The Transformers: The Movie as the Decepticons invade an Autobot shuttle in which Ironhide, Prowl, Ratchet and Brawn are traveling to Earth.	Ironhide	The Transformers: The Movie
present in work	Yugoloths (formerly known as daemons) are a group of monsters in the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.	Yugoloth	Dungeons & Dragons
present in work	Solomon appears in Kipling's Just So Stories.	Solomon	Just So Stories
present in work	Bela Talbot is a fictional character on The CW Television Network's drama/horror television series Supernatural, portrayed by Lauren Cohan.	Bela Talbot	Supernatural
present in work	Dr. Charlotte King is a fictional character from the ABC medical drama Private Practice, portrayed by KaDee Strickland.	Charlotte King	Private Practice
present in work	Cair Paravel is first mentioned in the book The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.	Cair Paravel	The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
present in work	Peta Janossi is a fictional character in the Australian soap opera Home and Away, portrayed by Aleetza Wood, she debuted on the series on 27 May 1999 and departed on 14 July 2000.	Peta Janossi	Home and Away
present in work	In the Hindu epic Mahabharata, Sudeshna was the wife of King Virata, at whose court the Pandavas spent a year in concealment during their exile.	Sudeshna	Mahabharata
present in work	Avery Bailey Clark is a fictional character from the American CBS Daytime soap opera, The Young and the Restless, portrayed by actress Jessica Collins.	Avery Bailey Clark	The Young and the Restless
present in work	Moses was portrayed by Theodore Roberts in Cecil B. DeMille's 1923 silent film The Ten Commandments.	Moses	The Ten Commandments
present in work	Ty Harper is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by singer Dean Geyer.	Ty Harper	Neighbours
present in work	The Monsterbots (known as the Firebots in Japan) is the name for a sub-group of three fictional characters from the Transformers universes.	Monsterbots	Transformers
present in work	Commandant Eric Lassard is a fictional character in the 1984 film Police Academy, as well as its six sequels.	Eric Lassard	Police Academy
present in work	They were introduced into the Transformers toyline in 1985 and sold as a Superion gift set, and then sold separately in 1986 in most department stores (e.g., Toys R' Us, Sears, Kay-Bee Toys).	Superion	Transformers	Transformers
present in work	Major Anya Amasova (aka Agent XXX) is a fictional character in the James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me, portrayed by Barbara Bach.	Anya Amasova	The Spy Who Loved Me
present in work	Optimus Prime (formerly Orion Pax) is a fictional character from the Transformers franchise.	Optimus Prime	Transformers
publication date	The Young and Evil is a 2008 short film directed by Julian Breece, in which a sexually promiscuous teen actively pursues unprotected sex in order to catch the HIV virus.	The Young and Evil	2008
publication date	Bhrantibilas is a 1963 Bengali film based on the 1869 play Bhranti Bilas by Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar, which is itself based on William Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors.	Bhrantibilas	1963
publication date	Gas-s-s-s (also known as Gas! or It Became Necessary to Destroy the World in Order to Save It) is a 1970 motion picture produced and released by American International Pictures.	Gas-s-s-s	1970
publication date	Ahora o nunca (English: It's now or never) is a 2015 Spanish romantic comedy film directed by María Ripoll Julià.	Ahora o nunca	2015
publication date	``Karma Chameleon'' is a song by English band Culture Club, featured on the group's 1983 album Colour by Numbers.	Karma Chameleon	1983
publication date	Shake, Rattle & Roll 11 (stylized, Shake Rattle & Ro11) is a 2009 Filipino supernatural horror film in three acts from Regal Films.	Shake, Rattle & Roll 11	2009
publication date	Aata Pita is a Marathi film, released on 10 December 2010.	Aata Pita	2010
publication date	The Ghastly Love of Johnny X is a 2012 American musical science fiction comedy film written, produced, and directed by Paul Bunnell.	The Ghastly Love of Johnny X	2012
publication date	Mystery House is an adventure game released by On-Line Systems in 1980.	Mystery House	1980
publication date	Five Star Final is a 1931 American Pre-Code film about crime and the excesses of tabloid journalism.	Five Star Final	1931
record label	It was released as the first Beach Boys single (with ``Luau'' on the B-side) in November 1961 on Candix Records and it later appeared on the 1962 album Surfin' Safari.	Surfin'	Candix Records
record label	Judgement Days is the second studio album by English R&B/hip hop singer and rapper Ms. Dynamite, released on 3 October 2005 on Polydor Records.	Judgement Days	Polydor Records
record label	Stevie at the Beach is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder released on the Tamla (Motown) label on June 23, 1964.	Stevie at the Beach	Motown
record label	``Respect the Power of Love'' is Namie Amuro's 12th single on the Avex Trax label.	Respect the Power of Love	Avex Trax
record label	Speed Star is the second studio album by Japanese singer/voice actress Aya Hirano, released by Lantis on November 18, 2009.	Speed Star	Lantis
record label	John Cale Comes Alive is a second live album by John Cale released in September 1984 on ZE Records label after the previous album Caribbean Sunset (also 1984).	John Cale Comes Alive	ZE Records
record label	Where the Bungalows Roam is the third album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jim Bryson, released March 27, 2007 on Kelp Records.	Where the Bungalows Roam	Kelp Records
record label	To the Sea is the fifth studio album by singer-songwriter Jack Johnson, released on May 26, 2010 in Japan, May 31, 2010 in the United Kingdom and June 1, 2010 in the United States, through Universal Republic Records and Brushfire Music Group.	To the Sea	Universal Republic Records
record label	Flowermouth is the second studio album by British duo No-Man, released in 1994 on the One Little Indian Records label, and subsequently reissued on September, 1999 by 3rd.	Flowermouth	One Little Indian Records
record label	Just Be Free is a demo album released by Warlock Records featuring music recorded by American recording artist Christina Aguilera.	Just Be Free	Warlock Records
record label	In common with other albums released through Beggars Banquet Records by the Fall, I Am Kurious Oranj featured a different track listing across the various formats on which it was originally released.	I Am Kurious Oranj	Beggars Banquet Records
record label	The compilation More Songs About Anger, Fear, Sex & Death was released in 1992 through Epitaph Records.	More Songs About Anger, Fear, Sex & Death	Epitaph Records
record label	Tora Arhizoun Ta Dyskola (Greek: Τώρα Αρχίζουν Τα Δύσκολα; English: Now The Difficult Times Begin) is the fifth studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas, released on May 12, 1996 in Greece and Cyprus by PolyGram Records Greece.	Tora Arhizoun Ta Dyskola	PolyGram
record label	We R Are Why is an Autechre 12-inch single released by mail-order and available at some concerts, by Warp Records in 1996.	We R Are Why	Warp
record label	Blood/Candy is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band The Posies, released on the 28 September 2010 on Rykodisc.	Blood/Candy	Rykodisc
record label	Victims of the Age is an album by Mark Heard, released in 1982 on Home Sweet Home Records.	Victims of the Age	Home Sweet Home Records
record label	The Edge of Silence is the fifth album by Solas, released in 2002 on the Shanachie Records label.	The Edge of Silence	Shanachie Records
record label	Bustin' Out of L Seven is Rick James' second album on Motown sub-label Gordy Records.	Bustin' Out of L Seven	Motown
record label	The Jazz KENnection is a 2001 release of the late clarinetist Kenny Davern and clarinetist and saxophonist Ken Peplowski from Arbors Records.	The Jazz KENnection	Arbors Records
record label	View from the Ground is the tenth original studio album by American folk rock duo America, released by Capitol Records in July 1982.	View from the Ground	Capitol Records
record label	Old Dan's Records is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's ninth original album, released in 1972 on the Reprise Records label.	Old Dan's Records	Reprise Records
record label	Static Tensions, Kylesa's fourth full-length album, was released March 17, 2009 by Prosthetic Records.	Static Tensions	Prosthetic Records
record label	Sonny Rollins Plus 4 (also released as 3 Giants!) is a jazz album by Sonny Rollins, released in 1956 on Prestige Records.	Sonny Rollins Plus 4	Prestige Records
record label	``T.B. Sheets'' is a blues-influenced song written and recorded by Northern Irish singer-lyricist Van Morrison, recorded for the Bang Records label in 1967 and included on his first solo album, Blowin' Your Mind!.	T.B. Sheets	Bang Records
record label	``We're Almost There'' is a 1975 song released as a single by singer Michael Jackson, the first release from his final Motown album, Forever, Michael.	We're Almost There	Motown
record label	Released in May 1985 by Factory Records, Low-Life is considered to be among New Order's strongest work, displaying the moment in which the band completed its transformation from post-punk hold-overs to dance rock.	Low-Life	Factory Records
record label	For the Working Girl is the title of the ninth album release by singer-songwriter Melissa Manchester released by Arista Records.	For the Working Girl	Arista Records
record label	Asked by Jerry Wexler, producer with Atlantic Records, to create songs for Otis Redding, Covay recorded a demo of ``Chain of Fools'', a song he had written in his youth while singing Gospel with his brothers and sisters.	Chain of Fools	Atlantic Records
record label	CAB 2 is the second studio album by the rock/jazz fusion band CAB, released on February 20, 2001 through Tone Center Records.	CAB 2	Tone Center Records
record label	``Panic Zone'' is the 1987 debut single by American hip hop group N.W.A, whose songs were later featured on the compilation N.W.A. and the Posse, which was a reissue of 12`` EPs and singles released by Macola Records, the then manufacturer and distributor of Ruthless Records, N.W.A's label.	Panic Zone	Ruthless Records
record label	``Rock-A-Bye'' was released in the summer of 2005 on a merge between Russell Simmons Music Group and Def Jam Recordings.	Rock-A-Bye	Def Jam Recordings
record label	It's Not Me, It's You is the second studio album by English singer and songwriter Lily Allen, released on 4 February 2009 by Regal Recordings and Parlophone.	It's Not Me, It's You	Regal Recordings
record label	Color Me Barbra is the seventh studio album by singer Barbra Streisand released on Columbia Records in 1966.	Color Me Barbra	Columbia Records
record label	``Make and Break Harbour'' is a song by the Canadian folk singer Stan Rogers, first recorded as the 11th track on the album Fogarty's Cove in 1976.	Make and Break Harbour	Stan Rogers	Fogarty's Cove
record label	Folk Song Favorites is a Patti Page album, issued by Mercury Records as a 10`` long-playing record, as catalog number MG-25101.	Folk Song Favorites	Mercury Records
record label	He Poos Clouds is the second album by the Canadian indie rock artist Owen Pallett, released on June 13, 2006, on Blocks Recording Club in Canada and Tomlab internationally.	He Poos Clouds	Blocks Recording Club	Tomlab
record label	Before Everything & After is the 2003 release from punk rock band MxPx, released on A&M Records.	Before Everything & After	A&M Records
record label	Everybody Loves Ice Prince (stylized as E.L.I) is the debut studio album by Nigerian recording artist Ice Prince, released by Chocolate City on October 9, 2011.	Everybody Loves Ice Prince	Chocolate City
record label	Dobrodošao u klub (English: Welcome to the Club) is the eleventh studio album by Croatian recording artist Severina, which was released in December 2012 by Dallas Records.	Dobrodošao u klub	Dallas Records
record label	Too Wild Too Long is an album by American Country music artist George Jones released in 1987 on the Epic Records label.	Too Wild Too Long	Epic Records
record label	The Legendary A&M Sessions is an extended play featuring five songs by Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band, recorded early in their career for their original record label A&M Records.	The Legendary A&M Sessions	A&M Records
record label	My Damnation was released on July 19, 2011 through Artery Recordings.	My Damnation	Artery Recordings
record label	The Age of Consent is the debut album by synthpop band Bronski Beat (Steve Bronski, Larry Steinbachek and Jimmy Somerville), released on London Records on 15 October 1984.	The Age of Consent	London Records
record label	``Anges'' (lit. Angel in French) is the first mini-album of the Japanese Singer Shunichi Miyamoto under Victor Entertainment.	Anges	Victor Entertainment
record label	``Roll Over Beethoven'' is a 1956 hit single by Chuck Berry originally released on Chess Records, with ``Drifting Heart'' as the B-side.	Roll Over Beethoven	Chess Records
record label	Everything We Love (released 1984 in Oslo, Norway by Hot Club Records - HCR 19) is a live album (LP) by the Norwegian guitarist Thorgeir Stubø and the American guitarist Doug Raney.	Everything We Love	Hot Club Records
record label	Automatic Midnight is the first album by the San Diego, California post-hardcore band Hot Snakes, released in 2000 by Swami Records.	Automatic Midnight	Swami Records
record label	Diamond in the Ruff is the fourth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Freeway, released worldwide by Babygrande Records on November 27, 2012.	Diamond in the Ruff	Babygrande Records
record label	Hypermodern Jazz 2000.5 was Empire's fourth full album, his fourth for the Mille Plateaux label, and the first of three he released in the same year.	Hypermodern Jazz 2000.5	Mille Plateaux
record label	Quiet Days is a studio album by Battlefield Band released in 1992 on the Temple Records label.	Quiet Days	Temple Records
record label	Live at the Opera is the first live album by the Norwegian black metal band Satyricon, originally released in 2015 under the Austrian label Napalm Records.	Live at the Opera	Napalm Records
record label	Throb Throb is an album by Chicago punk band Naked Raygun, released on Homestead Records in 1985.	Throb Throb	Homestead Records
record label	Time and Seasons, released on October 12, 1999, on Verity Records, is a gospel music album by American contemporary gospel music group Commissioned.	Time and Seasons	Verity Records
record label	A Cloud of Red Dust is the 1998 debut album by jazz vibraphonist Stefon Harris released by Blue Note Records.	A Cloud of Red Dust	Blue Note Records
record label	``When Something Is Wrong with My Baby'' is a classic hit song, a soul ballad, written by Isaac Hayes and David Porter, recorded in Memphis and sung by Sam & Dave, and first released in 1967 by Stax Records.	When Something Is Wrong with My Baby	Stax Records
record label	The Next Day is the twenty-fourth studio album by English musician David Bowie, released on 8 March 2013 on his ISO Records label, under exclusive licence to Columbia Records.	The Next Day	Columbia Records
record label	Twilley Don't Mind is the second album from the Dwight Twilley Band, recorded and released in 1977 on Shelter Records, distributed at the time by Arista Records.	Twilley Don't Mind	Shelter Records
record label	Lazarus Bird is the fifth and final full-length album by Swedish progressive metal band Burst, released on September 16, 2008 by Relapse Records.	Lazarus Bird	Relapse Records
record label	One Sky is a jazz album composed by Ryan Cohan, performed by the RC Sextet and released 16 October 2007 on Motéma Music.	One Sky	Motéma Music
record label	Walking with the Night is the fourth studio album by American neo soul/jazz singer Adriana Evans, released through Expansion Records in 2010.	Walking with the Night	Expansion Records
record label	Sweet Deceiver is the sixth studio album by Kevin Ayers and his last for Island Records.	Sweet Deceiver	Island Records
record label	Released in 1985 on Arista Records in UK and Europe, Australia and New Zealand and on Island Records in the United States, after the failure of 1984's Jam Science on Arista Records, Oil & Gold saw the band metamorphose from contemplative to rocking.	Oil & Gold	Island Records
record label	Twenty-Eight Teeth is the third album from Buck-O-Nine and was originally released in 1997 on TVT Records.	Twenty-Eight Teeth	TVT Records
record label	Jeff Beck with the Jan Hammer Group Live is a live album by Jeff Beck, released in 1977 on Epic Records.	Jeff Beck with the Jan Hammer Group Live	Epic Records
record label	``I'll Keep Holding On'' is a song composed by Mickey Stevenson and Ivy Jo Hunter and recorded by Motown singing group The Marvelettes, who released the single on the Tamla imprint in 1965.	I'll Keep Holding On	Motown
record label	Borrowed Heaven is the fourth studio album by Irish Celtic folk-rock band The Corrs, released through Atlantic Records on 31 May 2004.	Borrowed Heaven	Atlantic Records
record label	Revenge of the Barracuda is the fourth studio album by American rapper WC, released March 8, 2011, on Lench Mob Records, Big Swang Recordings, and E1 Entertainment.	Revenge of the Barracuda	Lench Mob Records
record label	Mickey Mouse Disco is an album released by Disneyland Records in 1979.	Mickey Mouse Disco	Disneyland Records
record label	Andy and His Grandmother is the posthumous debut album from American comedian Andy Kaufman, released on Drag City on July 16, 2013.	Andy and His Grandmother	Drag City
record label	``What Would Steve Do?'' is the second single released by Mumm-Ra on Columbia Records, which was released on February 19, 2007.	What Would Steve Do?	Columbia Records
record label	Song Yet to Be Sung is an album by Jane's Addiction vocalist Perry Farrell, released on July 16, 2001, on Virgin Records.	Song Yet to Be Sung	Virgin Records
record label	Who's to Bless and Who's to Blame is the sixth solo album by Kris Kristofferson, released in 1975 on Monument Records.	Who's to Bless and Who's to Blame	Monument Records
record label	Where I Find You is the second studio album release by Kari Jobe, which was released January 24, 2012, but was her first album on the Sparrow Records label.	Where I Find You	Sparrow Records
record label	BLACKsummers'night is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Maxwell, released July 7, 2009 on Columbia Records.	BLACKsummers'night	Columbia Records
record label	On September 17, 2013, Chenoa released her sixth studio album Otra dirección both in English and Spanish via Alias Music.	Chenoa	Alias Music
record label	``Love Struck Baby'' was the first single from Texas Flood, released by Epic Records in the United States and United Kingdom.	Love Struck Baby	Epic Records
record label	Fantasia Lindum, Island Records ILPS-9156, 12`` LP, 1971 Fantasia Lindum, Edsel Records 459, CD, 1996 Evensong/Fantasia Lindum, Beat Goes On 626, CD, 2004	Fantasia Lindum	Island Records
record label	The Elementary Doctor Watson! is Watson's first album after leaving the Vanguard Records label for Poppy Records (Poppy Records' founder Kevin Eggers started Tomato Records later and published many of the Poppy Records catalogue as CDs).	The Elementary Doctor Watson!	Tomato
record label	Swinelords is the third and final full-length album by Twilightning, released May 7, 2007, on the label Spinefarm Records.	Swinelords	Spinefarm Records
record label	``You're All I Need to Get By'' is a song recorded by the American R&B/soul duo Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell and released on Motown Records' Tamla label in 1968.	You're All I Need to Get By	Motown
record label	Vitalogy is the third studio album by the American rock band Pearl Jam, released on November 22, 1994, through Epic Records.	Vitalogy	Epic Records
record label	Hi™ How Are You Today? is an album by Ashley MacIsaac, released in 1995 on A&M Records' Ancient Music imprint.	Hi™ How Are You Today?	A&M Records
record label	Death & Legacy is the third full-length studio album by symphonic metal band Serenity released on February 25, 2011 through Napalm Records.	Death & Legacy	Napalm Records
record label	Immolate Yourself is the third full-length album by American electronica band Telefon Tel Aviv, released on BPitch Control.	Immolate Yourself	BPitch Control
screenwriter	Le Juge Fayard dit Le Shériff is a 1977 French crime film written and directed by Yves Boisset.	Le Juge Fayard dit Le Shériff	Yves Boisset
screenwriter	All My Compatriots, also known as All My Countrymen, (Czech: Všichni dobří rodáci) is a 1968 Czechoslovak film directed by Vojtěch Jasný.	All My Compatriots	Vojtěch Jasný
screenwriter	Very Bad Things is a 1998 American black comedy film directed by Peter Berg, based on the book by Gene Brewer.	Very Bad Things	Peter Berg
screenwriter	It was written by Vince Gilligan, John Shiban, and Frank Spotnitz, directed by Kim Manners, and featured a guest appearance by Paul McCrane as Leonard Betts/Albert Tanner.	Leonard Betts	Vince Gilligan	John Shiban	Frank Spotnitz
screenwriter	The Broadway Melody was written by Norman Houston and James Gleason from a story by Edmund Goulding, and directed by Harry Beaumont.	The Broadway Melody	James Gleason	Edmund Goulding
screenwriter	The Way of the Gun is a 2000 American action film written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie, and stars Ryan Phillippe, Benicio del Toro, Juliette Lewis, Taye Diggs, Nicky Katt and James Caan.	The Way of the Gun	Christopher McQuarrie
screenwriter	Agnes and His Brothers (German: Agnes und seine Brüder) is a 2004 film directed by Oskar Roehler.	Agnes and His Brothers	Oskar Roehler
screenwriter	Circle of Iron is a 1978 martial arts and fantasy film co-written by Bruce Lee, who intended to star in the film himself, but died before production.	Circle of Iron	Bruce Lee
screenwriter	Dawson Isla 10 is a 2009 Chilean drama film, written and directed by Miguel Littín, a Chilean film director.	Dawson Isla 10	Miguel Littín
screenwriter	Prepotenti più di prima is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Aldo Fabrizi.	Prepotenti più di prima	Aldo Fabrizi
screenwriter	The Cathedral (Polish: Katedra) is a science fiction short story by Jacek Dukaj, winner of the Janusz A. Zajdel Award in 2000.	The Cathedral	Jacek Dukaj
screenwriter	Flames in the Dark (Swedish: Lågor i dunklet) is a 1942 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Flames in the Dark	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	Mera ur kärlekens språk (More from the Language of Love a.k.a. More about the Language of Love) is a 1970 Swedish sex educational film directed by Torgny Wickman.	Mera ur kärlekens språk	Torgny Wickman
screenwriter	All That Matters Is Past (Norwegian: Uskyld) is a 2012 Norwegian drama film directed by Sara Johnsen.	All That Matters Is Past	Sara Johnsen
screenwriter	Triple Bogey on a Par Five Hole is a 1991 independent criminal comedy film directed by Amos Poe, about a couple who rob golfers.	Triple Bogey on a Par Five Hole	Amos Poe
screenwriter	100 Girls is a 2000 comedy film written and directed by Michael Davis.	100 Girls	Michael Davis
screenwriter	Storm Center (1956) is an American drama film directed by Daniel Taradash.	Storm Center	Daniel Taradash
screenwriter	It Was the Son (Italian: È stato il figlio) is a 2012 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Daniele Ciprì.	It Was the Son	Daniele Ciprì
screenwriter	Carlito's Way is a 1993 American crime drama film directed by Brian De Palma, based on the novels Carlito's Way and After Hours by Judge Edwin Torres.	Carlito's Way	Edwin Torres
screenwriter	Schuks Tshabalala's Survival Guide to South Africa is a 2010 comedy film directed by Gray Hofmeyr, co-written by Gray Hofmeyr and Leon Schuster and starring Leon Schuster and Alfred Ntombela.	Schuks Tshabalala's Survival Guide to South Africa	Leon Schuster
screenwriter	Bread, Love and Jealousy (Italian: Pane, amore e gelosia), known as Frisky in the US, is a 1954 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini.	Bread, Love and Jealousy	Luigi Comencini
screenwriter	White Hunter Black Heart is a 1990 American film, directed by and starring Clint Eastwood, based on the 1953 book White Hunter, Black Heart by Peter Viertel.	White Hunter Black Heart	Peter Viertel
screenwriter	Lovers and Liars (Viaggio con Anita) is a 1979 Italian feature film directed by Mario Monicelli and starring Goldie Hawn and Giancarlo Giannini.	Lovers and Liars	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Bride and Prejudice is a 2004 English/American romantic musical film directed by Gurinder Chadha.	Bride and Prejudice	Gurinder Chadha
screenwriter	Love Inventory aka Reshimat Ahava (Hebrew: רשימת אהבה‎) is a 2000 Israeli documentary film, written and directed by David Fisher and produced by Yahaly Gat and David Fisher.	Love Inventory	David Fisher
screenwriter	Life Begins Anew (Italian: La vita ricomincia) is a 1945 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Alida Valli, Fosco Giachetti and Eduardo De Filippo.	Life Begins Anew	Mario Mattoli
screenwriter	St. George Shoots the Dragon (Serbian: Свети Георгије убива аждаху, Sveti Georgije ubiva aždahu) is a Serbian World War I drama directed by Srđan Dragojević and written by Dušan Kovačević.	St. George Shoots the Dragon	Dušan Kovačević
screenwriter	Land and Freedom (or Tierra y Libertad) is a 1995 film directed by Ken Loach and written by Jim Allen.	Land and Freedom	Jim Allen
screenwriter	Flame of Barbary Coast is a 1945 American Western starring John Wayne, Ann Dvorak, Joseph Schildkraut, William Frawley, and Virginia Grey.	Flame of Barbary Coast	John Wayne	Ann Dvorak	Joseph Schildkraut	William Frawley
screenwriter	I Saw Ben Barka Get Killed or J'ai vu tuer Ben Barka is a 2005 French film drama directed by Serge Le Péron and Saïd Smihi.	I Saw Ben Barka Get Killed	Serge Le Péron
screenwriter	Casomai (also known as If by Chance) is a 2002 Italian romantic comedy film written and directed by Alessandro D'Alatri.	Casomai	Alessandro D'Alatri
screenwriter	Rome, Open City (Italian: Roma città aperta) is a 1945 Italian neorealist drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini.	Rome, Open City	Roberto Rossellini
screenwriter	Dormant Beauty (Italian: Bella addormentata) is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio and starring Toni Servillo and Isabelle Huppert.	Dormant Beauty	Marco Bellocchio
screenwriter	The Last Station is a 2009 English-language German biographical drama film written and directed by Michael Hoffman, and based on Jay Parini's 1990 biographical novel of the same name, which chronicled the final months of Leo Tolstoy's life.	The Last Station	Michael Hoffman
screenwriter	The Wayward Cloud (Chinese: 天邊一朵雲; pinyin: Tiānbiān yī duǒ yún) is a 2005 Taiwanese film directed by Tsai Ming-liang.	The Wayward Cloud	Tsai Ming-liang
screenwriter	Una vita violenta (internationally released as Violent Life) is a 1961 Italian drama film by Paolo Heusch and Brunello Rondi, at his directorial debut.	Violent Life	Paolo Heusch	Brunello Rondi
screenwriter	Written by George Mastras and directed by Michelle MacLaren, ``Thirty-Eight Snub'' featured guest appearances by Emily Rios as Andrea, Jim Beaver as black market gun vendor Lawson, and the first appearance by Ray Campbell in the recurring role of Gus' henchman Tyrus Kitt.	Thirty-Eight Snub	George Mastras
screenwriter	Adam's Rib is a 1949 American film written by Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin and directed by George Cukor.	Adam's Rib	Ruth Gordon	Garson Kanin
screenwriter	Short Cut to Hell is a remake of the 1941 Alan Ladd film This Gun for Hire, which in turn was based on the Graham Greene novel A Gun for Sale.	Short Cut to Hell	Graham Greene
screenwriter	The Notorious Bettie Page is a 2005 biographical film directed by Mary Harron.	The Notorious Bettie Page	Mary Harron
screenwriter	Flying Lessons (Italian: Lezioni di volo) is a 2007 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Archibugi.	Flying Lessons	Francesca Archibugi
screenwriter	The Mechanik (released as The Russian Specialist in the United States) is a 2005 action film starring, co-written and directed by Dolph Lundgren, co-written by Bryan Edward Hill and co-starring Ben Cross.	The Mechanik	Dolph Lundgren
screenwriter	Promotion canapé (English: Casting couch) is a French comedy film directed by Didier Kaminka.	Promotion canapé	Didier Kaminka
screenwriter	They All Come Out is a 1939 American crime film directed by Jacques Tourneur and written by John C. Higgins.	They All Come Out	John C. Higgins
screenwriter	Black Emanuelle (Italian: Emanuelle nera) is an Italian-Spanish softcore sexploitation film from 1975 directed by Bitto Albertini.	Black Emanuelle	Bitto Albertini
screenwriter	Valerie Inside Outside (Italian: Valeria dentro e fuori) is a 1972 Italian drama film written and directed by Brunello Rondi.	Valerie Inside Outside	Brunello Rondi
screenwriter	Julia jubilerar is a 1938 Swedish-Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Julia jubilerar	Alice O'Fredericks
screenwriter	I Give It a Year is a 2013 British comedy film, written and directed by Dan Mazer and starring Rose Byrne, Rafe Spall, Anna Faris and Simon Baker.	I Give It a Year	Dan Mazer
screenwriter	Shipmates Forever is a 1935 American musical film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Delmer Daves.	Shipmates Forever	Delmer Daves
screenwriter	Yesterday Girl (German: Abschied von gestern, ``Farewell to Yesterday'') is a 1966 New German Cinema film directed and written by Alexander Kluge.	Yesterday Girl	Alexander Kluge
screenwriter	Songs My Brothers Taught Me is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Chloé Zhao.	Songs My Brothers Taught Me	Chloé Zhao
screenwriter	The Short Life of José Antonio Gutierrez (Das kurze Leben des José Antonio Gutierrez) is a 2006 documentary film directed by Heidi Specogna about the second US Marine to die during the 2003 invasion of Iraq (Lt. Shane Childers was the first American to die in the Iraq war).	The Short Life of José Antonio Gutierrez	Heidi Specogna
screenwriter	The Battle at Elderbush Gulch (also known as The Battle of Elderbush Gulch) is a 1913 American silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith and featuring Mae Marsh, Lillian Gish, and Lionel Barrymore.	The Battle at Elderbush Gulch	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	Videodrome is a 1983 Canadian science fiction film written and directed by David Cronenberg, starring James Woods, Sonja Smits, and Deborah Harry.	Videodrome	David Cronenberg
screenwriter	Tunes of Glory is a 1960 British drama film directed by Ronald Neame, based on the novel and screenplay by James Kennaway.	Tunes of Glory	James Kennaway
screenwriter	Bamboozled is a 2000 satirical film written and directed by Spike Lee about a modern televised minstrel show featuring black actors donning blackface makeup and the violent fall out from the show's success.	Bamboozled	Spike Lee
screenwriter	Kill Kill Faster Faster is a 2008 thriller film directed by Gareth Maxwell Roberts, with the screenplay an adaptation by Gareth Maxwell Roberts and Joel Rose of Rose's novel of the same name.	Kill Kill Faster Faster	Joel Rose
screenwriter	Eye of the Devil is based on the novel Day of the Arrow by Robin Estridge and was initially titled Thirteen.	Eye of the Devil	Robin Estridge
screenwriter	Funny People is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written, produced and directed by Judd Apatow, and starring Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen, and Leslie Mann.	Funny People	Judd Apatow
screenwriter	A Woman Under the Influence is a 1974 American drama film written and directed by John Cassavetes.	A Woman Under the Influence	John Cassavetes
screenwriter	The Steamroller and the Violin (Russian: Каток и скрипка, translit. Katok i skripka), is a 1961 featurette directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and from a screenplay written by Andrei Konchalovsky and Andrei Tarkovsky.	The Steamroller and the Violin	Andrei Tarkovsky	Andrei Konchalovsky
screenwriter	What Did You Do in the War, Daddy? is a 1966 comedy film written by William Peter Blatty and directed by Blake Edwards for the Mirisch Company.	What Did You Do in the War, Daddy?	William Peter Blatty
screenwriter	2 Days in the Valley is a 1996 film directed by John Herzfeld, that revolves around the events over 48 hours in the lives of a group of people who are drawn together by a murder.	2 Days in the Valley	John Herzfeld
screenwriter	While Nosferatu the Vampyre's basic story is derived from Bram Stoker's novel Dracula, director Werner Herzog made the 1979 film primarily as an homage remake of F. W. Murnau's seminal silent film Nosferatu, eine Symphonie des Grauens (1922), which differs somewhat from Stoker's original work.	Nosferatu the Vampyre	Bram Stoker
screenwriter	The Best Offer (Italian: La migliore offerta - entitled Deception in the UK) is a 2013 Italian romantic mystery film written and directed by Giuseppe Tornatore.	The Best Offer	Giuseppe Tornatore
screenwriter	On Top of the Whale (Dutch: Het dak van de walvis) is a 1982 Dutch surreal fantasy film directed by Raúl Ruiz.	On Top of the Whale	Raúl Ruiz
screenwriter	Skeleton on Horseback (Czech: Bílá nemoc) is a 1937 Czechoslovak drama film directed by and starring Hugo Haas.	Skeleton on Horseback	Hugo Haas
screenwriter	How to Sleep is a short film by Robert Benchley.	How to Sleep	Robert Benchley
screenwriter	The Four Troublesome Heads (French: Un homme de têtes) is an 1898 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Four Troublesome Heads	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	The Doom Generation is a 1995 American dark comedy film written and directed by Gregg Araki.	The Doom Generation	Gregg Araki
screenwriter	These Old Broads is a 2001 television film written by Carrie Fisher and starring her mother Debbie Reynolds, as well as Shirley MacLaine, Joan Collins, and Elizabeth Taylor in her final film role.	These Old Broads	Carrie Fisher
screenwriter	To Be a Millionaire (Swedish: Mannen som blev miljonär) is a 1980 Swedish comedy film directed by Mats Arehn.	To Be a Millionaire	Mats Arehn
screenwriter	Eolomea is a 1972 science fiction film directed by Herrmann Zschoche, based on the book of the same name by Angel Wagenstein.	Eolomea	Angel Wagenstein
screenwriter	A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints is a 2006 American drama film based on a 2001 memoir of the same name by author, director, and musician Dito Montiel, which describes his youth in Astoria, New York during the 1980s.	A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints	Dito Montiel
screenwriter	Aarohanam (English: Crescendo) is 2012 Tamil drama film directed by actress-turned-director Lakshmy Ramakrishnan.	Aarohanam	Lakshmy Ramakrishnan
screenwriter	Oute gata oute zimia (Greek: Ούτε γάτα ούτε ζημιά) is a 1954 Greek black-and-white film directed by Alekos Sakellarios and Christos Giannakopoulos.	Oute gata oute zimia	Alekos Sakellarios
screenwriter	The Immoral Mr. Teas (1959) is the first commercially successful film of director Russ Meyer.	The Immoral Mr. Teas	Russ Meyer
screenwriter	Death Academy (also known as School Night Massacre) is a 2005 horror film written and directed by Daniel Lehmussaari.	Death Academy	Daniel Lehmussaari
screenwriter	Keep Your Right Up (French: Soigne ta droite / Une place sur la terre) is a 1987 film, written, directed by, and starring French Swiss filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard.	Keep Your Right Up	Jean-Luc Godard
screenwriter	Citizen Kane is a 1941 American drama film by Orson Welles, its producer, co-author, director and star.	Citizen Kane	Orson Welles
screenwriter	Lancelot and Guinevere (known as Sword of Lancelot in the U.S.) is a British 1963 film starring Cornel Wilde, his real-life wife at the time, Jean Wallace, and Brian Aherne.	Lancelot and Guinevere	Cornel Wilde
screenwriter	The Fornaretto of Venice (Italian:Il fornaretto di Venezia) is a 1939 Italian drama film directed by Duilio Coletti and starring Roberto Villa, Elsa De Giorgi and Clara Calamai.	The Fornaretto of Venice	Duilio Coletti
screenwriter	The Center of the World is an American film directed by Wayne Wang, which was digitally shot and released in 2001.	The Center of the World	Wayne Wang
screenwriter	H. M. Pulham, Esq. is a 1941 American drama film directed by King Vidor and starring Hedy Lamarr, Robert Young, and Ruth Hussey.	H. M. Pulham, Esq.	King Vidor
screenwriter	Bunshinsaba (Hangul: 분신사바) is a 2004 South Korean horror film directed by Ahn Byeong-ki.	Bunshinsaba	Ahn Byeong-ki
screenwriter	Jimmy Hollywood is a 1994 American comedy film written and directed by Barry Levinson and starring Joe Pesci and Christian Slater.	Jimmy Hollywood	Barry Levinson
screenwriter	Madicken på Junibacken is a 1980 Swedish film about the Astrid Lindgren character Madicken, directed by Göran Graffman.	Madicken på Junibacken	Astrid Lindgren
screenwriter	State buoni se potete is a 1983 Italian historical comedy-drama film written and directed by Luigi Magni.	State buoni se potete	Luigi Magni
screenwriter	Memories of Murder (Hangul: 살인의 추억; RR: Sarinui chueok) is a 2003 South Korean crime-drama film directed by Bong Joon-ho.	Memories of Murder	Bong Joon-ho
screenwriter	11 Flowers (Chinese: 我11; pinyin: wǒ shí yī) is a 2011 film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai centered on a boy named Wang Han who loses his white shirt which shows that he is his school's best gymnast.	11 Flowers	Wang Xiaoshuai
screenwriter	It was directed by William K. Howard and written by Clemence Dane from the novel Fire Over England by A. E. W. Mason.	Fire Over England	Clemence Dane
screenwriter	Erastes tou oneirou (Greek: Εραστές του ονείρου) is a 1974 Greek comedy film directed and written by Giannis Dalianidis.	Erastes tou oneirou	Giannis Dalianidis
screenwriter	Boys on the Outside (Italian: Ragazzi fuori) is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Marco Risi in the neo-neorealistic style and written by Aurelio Grimaldi.	Boys on the Outside	Marco Risi	Aurelio Grimaldi
screenwriter	The Silent Accuser is a 1924 silent film directed by Chester M. Franklin.	The Silent Accuser	Chester M. Franklin
screenwriter	Jet Storm (also known as Jetstream and Killing Urge) is a 1959 British thriller film directed and co-written by Cy Endfield.	Jet Storm	Cy Endfield
screenwriter	Berlin Nights Grand Delusions (Lebenspornografie) (2003) is a feature film written and directed by Dutch director Edwin Brienen.	Berlin Nights Grand Delusions	Edwin Brienen
screenwriter	Kronjuvelerna (literally: The Crown Jewels) is a 2011 Swedish drama film directed by Ella Lemhagen based upon a story by Carina Dahl.	Kronjuvelerna	Ella Lemhagen
screenwriter	Butterfly's Tongue or Butterfly (Spanish: La lengua de las mariposas, literally it can also be translated as ``The Language of the Butterflies''), is a 1999 Spanish film directed by José Luis Cuerda.	Butterfly's Tongue	José Luis Cuerda
screenwriter	Pakal Nakshatrangal (English: Morning Stars) is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Rajeev Nath and written by Anoop Menon who made his debut in screenplay writing through this film.	Pakal Nakshatrangal	Anoop Menon
screenwriter	Abused Confidence (French: Abus de confiance) is a 1938 French drama film directed by Henri Decoin, and starring Danielle Darrieux and Charles Vanel.	Abused Confidence	Henri Decoin
screenwriter	``The Power of Madonna'' was written and directed by series creator Ryan Murphy, and serves as a musical tribute to Madonna, featuring cover versions of eight of her songs, with the singer having granted Glee the rights to her entire catalogue of music.	The Power of Madonna	Ryan Murphy
screenwriter	Saint Jack is a 1973 novel by Paul Theroux and a 1979 film of the same name.	Saint Jack	Paul Theroux
screenwriter	The Swindlers (Italian: Gli imbroglioni) is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci.	The Swindlers	Lucio Fulci
screenwriter	Cobra Verde (also known as Slave Coast) is a 1987 German drama film directed by Werner Herzog and starring Klaus Kinski.	Cobra Verde	Werner Herzog
screenwriter	The Asthenic Syndrome (Russian: Астенический синдром, translit. Astenicheskiy sindrom) is a 1990 Soviet drama film directed by Kira Muratova.	The Asthenic Syndrome	Kira Muratova
screenwriter	The Cruelest Day (Italian: Ilaria Alpi - Il più crudele dei giorni) is a 2003 Italian drama film directed by Ferdinando Vicentini Orgnani.	The Cruelest Day	Ferdinando Vicentini Orgnani
screenwriter	Goodbye Darling (French:Adieu chérie) is a 1946 French drama film directed by Raymond Bernard and starring Danielle Darrieux, Louis Salou and Gabrielle Dorziat.	Goodbye Darling	Raymond Bernard
screenwriter	The Shout is a 1978 British horror film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski, based on a short story by Robert Graves that was adapted for the screen by Michael Austin.	The Shout	Jerzy Skolimowski	Robert Graves
screenwriter	Vanilla Sky is a 2001 American science fiction psychological thriller film directed, written, and co-produced by Cameron Crowe.	Vanilla Sky	Cameron Crowe
screenwriter	Sette giorni all'altro mondo is a 1936 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli.	Sette giorni all'altro mondo	Mario Mattoli
screenwriter	My Son, My Son, What Have Ye Done? is a 2009 film directed by Werner Herzog and produced by David Lynch, inspired by the story of murderer Mark Yavorsky.	My Son, My Son, What Have Ye Done?	Werner Herzog
screenwriter	Punnagai Mannan (English: King of Smiles) is a 1986 Indian Tamil drama film directed by K. Balachander.	Punnagai Mannan	K. Balachander
screenwriter	Les Mistons (The Mischief Makers) is a short film directed by François Truffaut in 1957.	Les Mistons	François Truffaut
screenwriter	Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film directed by Gus Van Sant, and stars Matt Damon, Robin Williams, Ben Affleck, Minnie Driver and Stellan Skarsgård.	Good Will Hunting	Matt Damon	Ben Affleck
screenwriter	Troll 3 (also known as Creepers, Contamination .7, Troll III: Contamination Point 7, or The Crawlers) is a 1993 Italian horror film directed by Joe D'Amato and Fabrizio Laurenti.	Troll 3	Fabrizio Laurenti
series	``The Squirt and the Whale'' is the nineteenth episode of The Simpsons twenty-first season, which premiered on the Fox network on April 25, 2010 as the 460th episode for the series overall.	The Squirt and the Whale	The Simpsons
series	Baby Butch is the 84th one reel animated Tom and Jerry short, released by Metro-Goldwyn Mayer in 1954 and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby with music by Scott Bradley.	Baby Butch	Tom and Jerry
series	``Authority Always Wins'' is the second episode of the fifth season of HBO's television series True Blood and 50th episode overall.	Authority Always Wins	True Blood
series	``What Happened and What's Going On'' is the ninth episode and mid-season premiere of the fifth season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead, which aired on AMC on February 8, 2015.	What Happened and What's Going On	The Walking Dead
series	The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk is the seventeenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series, published under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.	The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk	Nancy Drew
series	The Sontaran Experiment is the third serial of the 12th season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was originally broadcast in two weekly parts on 22 February and 1 March 1975.	The Sontaran Experiment	Doctor Who
series	WCW Wrestling (a.k.a. World Championship Wrestling) is a wrestling video game that was released in April 1990 for the Nintendo Entertainment System.	WCW Wrestling	World Championship Wrestling
series	The Mind of Simon Foster is the fifty-eighth episode (the twenty-third episode of the third season (1988--89)) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	The Mind of Simon Foster	The Twilight Zone
series	``Into You Like a Train'' is the sixth episode of the second season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and the show's fifteenth episode overall.	Into You Like a Train	Grey's Anatomy
series	The Singing is the fourth and last novel in Alison Croggon's Pellinor series.	The Singing	Pellinor
sex or gender	Céline Goberville (born September 19, 1986) is a female French sport shooter.	Céline Goberville	female
sex or gender	Tang Jinhua (Chinese:汤金华; born January 8, 1992 in Nanjing) is a very successful Chinese female badminton doubles player who competes at the highest level for some years now.	Tang Jinhua	female
sex or gender	Charmaine Reid (born November 3, 1973 in Niagara Falls, Ontario) is a female badminton player from Canada.	Charmaine Reid	female
sex or gender	Hely Yánes (born May 25, 1967) is a male light-middleweight boxer from Venezuela, who represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Hely Yánes	male
sex or gender	Diwakar Prasad is a male amateur boxer from India.	Diwakar Prasad	male
sex or gender	William Sánchez Tejeda (born February 19, 1986) is a male volleyball and beach volleyball player from the Dominican Republic.	William Sánchez	male
sex or gender	Yasuhiro Abe (安部恭弘)) is a male Japanese popular music artist and composer.	Yasuhiro Abe	male
sex or gender	Jolien Verschueren (born 7 May 1990) is a Belgian female cyclo-cross cyclist.	Jolien Verschueren	female
sex or gender	Aleksandra Stanaćev (Serbian Cyrillic: Александра Станаћев; born September 25, 1994) is a Serbian female professional basketball player.	Aleksandra Stanaćev	female
sex or gender	Tan Yunxian (1461--1554) was a female physician during the Ming Dynasty in China.	Tan Yunxian	female
sport	Grzegorz Panfil (Polish pronunciation: (ˈɡʐɛɡɔʂ ˈpanfil); born 1 January 1988) is a Polish professional tennis player.	Grzegorz Panfil	tennis
sport	The Basketball League Belgium (BLB) Division I, for sponsorship reasons, known as the Scooore League, is the highest tier professional basketball league in Belgium.	Basketball League Belgium	basketball
sport	The New York City Marathon (branded TCS New York City Marathon and formerly branded ING New York City Marathon for sponsorship reasons) is an annual marathon (42.195 km or 26.219 mi) that courses through the five boroughs of New York City.	New York City Marathon	marathon
sport	John Wisden (5 September 1826 -- 5 April 1884) was an English cricketer who played 187 first-class cricket matches for three English county cricket teams, Kent, Middlesex and Sussex.	John Wisden	cricket
sport	SV Babelsberg 03 is a German association football club based in Potsdam-Babelsberg, on the outskirts of Berlin.	SV Babelsberg 03	association football
sport	Swamp football (sometimes called Swamp soccer) is a form of association football that is played in bogs or swamps.	Swamp football	association football
sport	Heinrich Kleinschroth (German pronunciation: (ˈhaɪnʁɪç klaɪ̯nʃrɔ́ːth)) (15 March 1890 -- 10 January 1979) was an amateur German tennis player who found success in the early 20th century, mainly in doubles competitions.	Heinrich Kleinschroth	tennis
sport	Ayman Adais (born June 28, 1978), also Ayman Idais, is a Jordanian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Jordainian team Zain.	Ayman Adais	basketball
sport	Scott Franklin (born 23 August 1980 in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada), is a Canadian rugby union player who plays rugby for the Prairie Wolf Pack in Canada, and for the Canadian national team.	Scott Franklin	rugby union
sport	Deyonta Davis (born December 2, 1996) is an American basketball player who currently attends Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan.	Deyonta Davis	basketball
taxon rank	Dacryodes is a genus of about 60 species of trees in the family Burseraceae.	Dacryodes	genus
taxon rank	Phoradendron libocedri is a species of flowering plant in the sandalwood family known by the common name incense-cedar mistletoe.	Phoradendron libocedri	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius axelrodi, known commonly as the Axelrod's clown blenny or the Axelrod's combtooth blenny, is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Blenniidae, the combtooth blennies.	Ecsenius axelrodi	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Ptychotheca pallidivirens, which is found in New Guinea.	Ptychotheca	species
taxon rank	Leptosiphon rattanii (syn. Linanthus rattanii) is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Rattan's linanthus.	Leptosiphon rattanii	species
taxon rank	Fucus virsoides is a species of brown alga endemic to the Adriatic Sea.	Fucus virsoides	species
taxon rank	Aerides falcata is a species of epiphytic orchid native to Yunnan, Vietnam, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Myanmar.	Aerides falcata	species
taxon rank	Placospermum is a genus of a single species of large trees, constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.	Placospermum	genus
taxon rank	Amapanesia exotica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Amapanesia.	Amapanesia exotica	species
taxon rank	Cornus alternifolia is a species of flowering plant in the dogwood family Cornaceae, native to eastern North America, from Newfoundland west to southern Manitoba and Minnesota, and south to northern Florida and Mississippi.	Cornus alternifolia	species
taxon rank	Colliguaja odorifera is a lignotuberous species of the family Euphorbiaceae.	Colliguaja odorifera	species
taxon rank	Phyllonotus globosus, common name : the Globular Apple Murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Phyllonotus globosus	species
taxon rank	Chelotriton is an extinct genus of prehistoric salamanders that lived in Europe during the Middle Miocene.	Chelotriton	genus
taxon rank	Sarcococca zeylanica is a species of evergreen shrub or groundcover, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Sarcococca zeylanica	species
taxon rank	Geum montanum, Alpine avens, is a flowering plant species native to Europe.	Geum montanum	species
taxon rank	Uncancylus foncki is a species of small, freshwater, air-breathing limpet, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Uncancylus foncki	species
taxon rank	Tor douronensis, also known as Labeobarbus douronensis is a species of ray-finned fish of the family Cyprinidae in the genus Tor.	Tor douronensis	species
taxon rank	Aristolochia stevensii is a plant species native to northwestern Nicaragua and southwestern Honduras.	Aristolochia stevensii	species
taxon rank	Epilobium densiflorum is a species of willowherb known by the common names denseflower willowherb, dense spike-primrose or dense boisduvalia.	Epilobium densiflorum	species
taxon rank	Burmeistera is a genus of flowering plants in the bellflower family, Campanulaceae.	Burmeistera	genus
taxon rank	Calamagrostis bolanderi is a species of grass known by the common name Bolander's reedgrass.	Calamagrostis bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Tylopilus is a genus of over 100 species of mycorrhizal bolete fungi separated from Boletus.	Tylopilus	genus
taxon rank	Dromaius is a genus of ratite present in Australia.	Dromaius	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium udagawae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.	Penicillium udagawae	species
taxon rank	Pantodonta is an extinct suborder (or, according to some, an order) of eutherian mammals.	Pantodonta	suborder
taxon rank	It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ambivina filobasidia, described by B. Katz in 1974.	Ambivina	species
taxon rank	Ferula tingitana (the giant Tangier fennel) is a species of the Apiaceae genus Ferula.	Ferula tingitana	species
taxon rank	The Parabrotulidae, the false brotulas, are a small family of bathypelagic cusk eels that currently contains two genera.	Parabrotulidae	family
taxon rank	Emarcusia morroensis, common name Morro Bay Aeolid, is a species of sea slug, specifically an aeolid nudibranch.	Emarcusia morroensis	species
taxon rank	Galiteuthis phyllura, also known as the cockatoo squid, is a species of glass squid, possibly the largest in the genus.	Galiteuthis phyllura	species
taxon rank	Cephalotes is a Neotropical genus of tree-dwelling ant species, commonly known as turtle ants.	Cephalotes	genus
taxon rank	Pycnodus (from Greek for crowded teeth) is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish ranging from the Cretaceous to Eocene periods.	Pycnodus	genus
taxon rank	Parawenzichthys is an extinct genus of protacanthopterygian fish containing the single species Parawenzichthys minor, known from the Turonian age of present-day southern Brazil.	Parawenzichthys	genus
taxon rank	Streptanthus drepanoides is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name sicklefruit jewelflower.	Streptanthus drepanoides	species
taxon rank	Ciclospermum leptophyllum (also, Cyclospermum l.) is a species of plant in the celery family known by the common names marsh parsley, slender celery and fir-leaved celery.	Ciclospermum leptophyllum	species
taxon rank	Scleria terrestris is a species of flowering plant in the family Cyperaceae, the sedges.	Scleria terrestris	species
taxon rank	Antalis is a genus of tusk shells, marine scaphopod mollusks.	Antalis	genus
taxon rank	Lyratoherpia is a genus of pholidoskepian solenogasters, shell-less, worm-like, marinemollusks.	Lyratoherpia	genus
taxon rank	Orya barbarica is a species of centipedes belonging to the family Oryidae.	Orya barbarica	species
taxon rank	Anthaenantiopsis is a genus of South American plants in the grass family.	Anthaenantiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Asterophora is a genus of fungi that grow as parasites on mushrooms.	Asterophora	genus
taxon rank	Amsinckia lunaris is an uncommon species of fiddleneck known by the common name bent-flowered fiddleneck.	Amsinckia lunaris	species
taxon rank	Eupholus geoffroyi is a species of beetles belonging to the family Curculionidae.	Eupholus geoffroyi	species
taxon rank	Neolecta is a genus of ascomycetous fungi that have fruiting bodies in the shape of unbranched to lobed bright yellowish, orangish to pale yellow-green colored, club-shaped, smooth, fleshy columns up to about 7 cm tall.	Neolecta	genus
taxon rank	Portunidae is a family of crabs which contains the swimming crabs.	Portunidae	family
taxon rank	Microviridae is a family of bacteriophages with a single-stranded DNA genome.	Microviridae	family
taxon rank	Haliotis clathrata, common name the lovely abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis clathrata	species
taxon rank	Paulchoffatiidae is a family of extinct mammals that lived predominantly during the Upper Jurassic period, though a couple of genera are known from the earliest Cretaceous.	Paulchoffatiidae	family
taxon rank	Meligramma triangulifera is a European species of hoverfly.	Meligramma triangulifera	species
taxon rank	The Camallanida are an order of nematodes.	Camallanida	order
taxon rank	Trictenotoma grayi is a species of beetle and the only representative of the family Trictenotomidae from southern India.	Trictenotoma grayi	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis xenostoma was a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it may be extinct.	Haplochromis xenostoma	species
taxon rank	Aspidites is a genus of pythons endemic to Australia.	Aspidites	genus
taxon rank	Campanile auvertianum is a species of fossil sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Campanilidae.	Campanile auvertianum	species
taxon rank	Nebria rubicunda rubicunda is a subspecies of brown coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, and Spain.	Nebria rubicunda rubicunda	subspecies
taxon rank	Leuciscus dzungaricus is a species of cyprinid fish, known from Bulgan Gol river in Mongolia.	Leuciscus dzungaricus	species
taxon rank	Procambarus fitzpatricki, sometimes called the spinytail crayfish, is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus fitzpatricki	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes longchuanensis (Longchuan bubble-nest frog or Longchuan small treefrog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes longchuanensis	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia appendiculata is a species of subshrub or herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to eastern Brazil.	Dorstenia appendiculata	species
taxon rank	Afrotridactylus is a genus of pygmy mole crickets, which contains the following species:	Afrotridactylus	genus
taxon rank	Cypraea leucodon, common name the white-toothed cowry, is a rare cowry, a species of sea snail, or marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Cypraea leucodon	species
taxon rank	Brodiaea pallida is a rare species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus known by the common name Chinese Camp brodiaea.	Brodiaea pallida	species
taxon rank	Cyclamen coum, the eastern sowbread, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cyclamen (subgenus Gyrophoebe series Pubipedia).	Cyclamen coum	species
taxon rank	Coryanthes alborosea is a species of Coryanthes (bucket orchids) found in Peru.	Coryanthes alborosea	species
taxon rank	Bulbophyllum nigericum is an epiphytic or epilithic plant species in the Orchidaceae family.	Bulbophyllum nigericum	species
taxon rank	Siphonochilus is a genus of plants native to sub-Saharan Africa.	Siphonochilus	genus
taxon rank	Cariniana pyriformis (known as Colombian Mahogany or Abarco) is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.	Cariniana pyriformis	species
taxon rank	Buccinulum vittatum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae.	Buccinulum vittatum	species
taxon rank	Choriolaus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:	Choriolaus	genus
taxon rank	Oncidium altissimum, Wydler's dancing-lady orchid, is a species of orchid native to the West Indies (Cuba, Puerto Rico and the Lesser Antilles), with an 18th-Century citation from Jamaica.	Oncidium altissimum	species
taxon rank	The Barred Carpet (Martania taeniata) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.	Martania taeniata	species
taxon rank	Macrocystis is a genus of kelp (large brown algae).	Macrocystis	genus
taxon rank	Emblemaria caldwelli, the Caribbean blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around the Bahamas, Belize, Honduras and Jamaica, in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Emblemaria caldwelli	species
taxon rank	Agastache mexicana is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Mexican giant hyssop.	Agastache mexicana	species
taxon rank	Baccharis glutinosa is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names saltmarsh baccharis and Douglas' falsewillow.	Baccharis glutinosa	species
taxon rank	Chromocyphella is a genus of fungi in the family Chromocyphellaceae.	Chromocyphella	genus
taxon rank	Ginebis crumpii, common name Crump's margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.	Ginebis crumpii	species
taxon rank	Thoasia rugifrons is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Thoasia.	Thoasia	species
taxon rank	Clethra barbinervis is a species of flowering plant in the genus Clethra of the family Clethraceae, native to the far east, from eastern China, Korea, and Japan.	Clethra barbinervis	species
taxon rank	Ixodes brunneus is a species of tick in the genus Ixodes.	Ixodes brunneus	species
taxon rank	It is the sole species in the genus Terlinguachelys and is classified in the family Protostegidae along with other extinct marine turtles.	Terlinguachelys	species
taxon rank	Alloteuthis africanus, also known as the African squid, is a species of squid in the family Loliginidae.	Alloteuthis africanus	species
taxon rank	Holcoglossum is a genus of orchids, in the family Orchidaceae.	Holcoglossum	genus
taxon rank	Anisomeles malabarica, with common name Malabar catmint, is a species of herbaceous plant native to India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Andaman & Nicobar Islands, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago, Mauritius, Réunion, northern Australia.	Anisomeles malabarica	species
taxon rank	Sitticus finschi is a species of spider from Salticidae family, that can be found in Canada, Russia, and the United States.	Sitticus finschi	species
taxon rank	Scalicus is a genus of armored searobins found in the Pacific and Indian Ocean.	Scalicus	genus
taxon rank	Trypauchenopsis intermedia, the bearded eel goby, is a species of goby native to fresh waters from the Atlantic coast of South Africa to the Pacific island of Guam.	Trypauchenopsis intermedia	species
taxon rank	Colomesus psittacus, the Banded puffer, parrot puffer or South American estuarine puffer, is a species of pufferfish found all along the Western Atlantic coastline of South America from the Gulf of Paria down to the mouth of the Amazon River in Brazil.	Colomesus psittacus	species
taxon rank	Bulinus mutandensis is a species of freshwater gastropod in the Planorbidae family.	Bulinus mutandensis	species
taxon rank	Before 1980, Apis dorsata laboriosa was considered to be a subspecies of the widespread Apis dorsata, the giant honey bee, but in 1980 and for almost 20 years thereafter it was elevated to the rank of a separate species.	Apis dorsata laboriosa	species
taxon rank	Danaideae is a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 50 species in 2 genera.	Danaideae	tribe
taxon rank	Mecomischus is a genus of North African flowering plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family.	Mecomischus	genus
taxon rank	Euonychophora is an order of Onychophoran representing all living onychophora.	Euonychophora	order
taxon rank	Ruellia humilis (wild petunia, fringeleaf wild petunia, hairy petunia, low wild petunia) is a species of flowering plant in the Acanthaceae, the acanthus family.	Ruellia humilis	species
taxon rank	Isonandra montana is plant species first described 1860.	Isonandra montana	species
taxon rank	Platycrinitidae are an extinct family of Paleozoic stalked crinoids.	Platycrinitidae	family
taxon rank	Polydectus cupulifer is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae, and the only species in the genus Polydectus.	Polydectus	species
taxon rank	Pseudophilautus simba (Sinharaja shrub frog) is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus simba	species
taxon rank	Pitcairnia angustifolia, the pina cortadora, is a species in the genus Pitcairnia.	Pitcairnia angustifolia	species
taxon rank	The Garryales are a small order of dicotyledons, including only two families and three genera.	Garryales	order
taxon rank	Megalorhipida dulcis is a species of moth in the genus Megalorhipida, known from Belize, Costa Rica, and Mexico.	Megalorhipida dulcis	species
taxon rank	Corydalus is a genus of large flying insects in the Corydalidae family, commonly known as dobsonflies.	Corydalus	genus
taxon rank	Abies vejarii is a species of fir native to northeastern Mexico, in the states of Coahuila and Nuevo León, where it grows at high altitudes (2,000--3,300 m) in the Sierra Madre Oriental.	Abies vejarii	species
taxon rank	Chaetodon pictus, the Horseshoe butterflyfish, is a species of butterflyfish found in the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden and around Oman.	Chaetodon pictus	species
taxon rank	Spicara smaris, the picarel, is a species of ray-finned fish native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea.	Spicara smaris	species
taxon rank	Vanda ustii, the University of Santo Tomas' vanda, is an orchid species found only in the Philippines.	Vanda ustii	species
taxon rank	Glipostena pelecotomoidea is a species of beetle in the Glipostena genus.	Glipostena pelecotomoidea	species
taxon rank	Hoploparia benedeni is a species of fossil lobster found in Cretaceous rocks in northern France.	Hoploparia benedeni	species
taxon rank	Menippe adina is a species of crab, sometimes called the Gulf stone crab or Western Gulf stone crab.	Menippe adina	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Cornipulvina ellipsoides.	Cornipulvina	species
taxon rank	Ballerus is a genus of cyprinid fish containing two Eurasian species.	Ballerus	genus
taxon rank	Laoterinaea flavovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Laoterinaea.	Laoterinaea flavovittata	species
taxon rank	Phyllodytes is a genus of frogs (heart-tongued frogs) in the Hylidae family, found in eastern Brazil (the species Phytotriades (=Phyllodytes) auratus from the island of Trinidad was previously considered a member of this genus).	Phyllodytes	genus
taxon rank	Separatista helicoides is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae.	Separatista helicoides	species
taxon rank	Plumeria pudica is a species of the genus Plumeria (Apocynaceae), native to Panama, Colombia and Venezuela.	Plumeria pudica	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia franckiana is a species of spurge native to southern Africa.	Euphorbia franckiana	species
taxon rank	Aphroditeola is an agaric fungal genus that produces pink cantharelloid fruit bodies on coniferous forest floors.	Aphroditeola	genus
taxon rank	Monilea gloriola, common name the fawn top shell, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Monilea gloriola	species
taxon rank	Rubus corchorifolius is an Asian species of raspberry native to Korea, Japan, China, Vietnam, and Myanmar.	Rubus corchorifolius	species
taxon rank	Forficulidae is a family of earwigs in the suborder Forficulina.	Forficulidae	family
taxon rank	Centaurea diluta, the lesser star-thistle or North African knapweed, is a species of Centaurea.	Centaurea diluta	species
taxon rank	Alcyonium palmatum or red dead man's fingers is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family.	Alcyonium palmatum	species
taxon rank	Armillifer armillatus is a species of Armillifer that can cause porocephalosis in humans.	Armillifer armillatus	species
taxon rank	Ternstroemia bullata is a species of tree in the family Pentaphylacaceae.	Ternstroemia bullata	species
taxon rank	Arctotis stoechadifolia, the African daisy or white arctotis, is a rare species of South African plants in the daisy family.	Arctotis stoechadifolia	species
taxon rank	Farlowella curtirostra is a species of armored catfish native to the Lake Maracaibo drainage of Venezuela.	Farlowella curtirostra	species
taxon rank	Hyaenodon (``hyena-toothed'') is the type genus of Hyaenodontidae, a group of extinct carnivorous fossil mammals from Eurasia, North America and Africa, with species existing temporally from the Eocene until the middle Miocene, existing for approximately 26.1 million years.	Hyaenodon	genus
taxon rank	Gracixalus lumarius also known as the thorny tree frog is a species of rhacophorid frog discovered in 2014 that is native to Vietnam.	Gracixalus lumarius	species
taxon rank	Zabrus balcanicus is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that can be found in Bulgaria, Kosovo, Montenegro, Republic of Macedonia, Serbia, Voivodina and Turkey.	Zabrus balcanicus	species
taxon rank	Nebria vseteckai is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.	Nebria vseteckai	species
taxon rank	Parribacus is a genus of slipper lobsters, containing six species, all of which are used locally as human food sources.	Parribacus	genus
taxon rank	Acusilas lepidus is a spider species in the genus Acusilas.	Acusilas lepidus	species
taxon rank	Philanthaxia pseudoaenea is a species of beetle that was discovered in Thailand on July, 2011.	Philanthaxia pseudoaenea	species
taxon rank	Lessemsaurus is an extinct genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur (possibly a melanosaurid) named for the writer of popular science books Don Lessem.	Lessemsaurus	genus
taxon rank	Glaucotes yuccivorus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, and the only species in the genus Glaucotes.	Glaucotes yuccivorus	species
taxon rank	Agonum viridicupreum is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily.	Agonum viridicupreum	species
taxon rank	The Strepsiptera (translation: ``twisted wing''', giving rise to the insects' common name, twisted-wing parasites) are an endopterygote order of insects with nine extant families making up about 600 species.	Strepsiptera	order
taxon rank	Plagiobothrys scouleri is a common species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Scouler's popcornflower and white forget-me-not.	Plagiobothrys scouleri	species
taxon rank	Alophomyia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.	Alophomyia	genus
taxon rank	Oreochromis variabilis, the Victoria tilapia, is a species of cichlid native to Lake Victoria and its tributaries, Lake Kyoga, Lake Kwania and Lake Salisbury as well as being found in the Victorian reach of the Nile above Murchison Falls.	Oreochromis variabilis	species
taxon rank	Geranium sylvaticum (wood cranesbill, woodland geranium) is a species of hardy flowering plant in the Geraniaceae family, native to Europe and northern Turkey.	Geranium sylvaticum	species
taxon rank	Hemicycla berkeleyi is a species of gastropod in the Helicidae family.	Hemicycla berkeleyi	species
taxon rank	Acer spicatum (mountain maple) is a species of maple native to northeastern North America from Saskatchewan to Newfoundland, and south to Pennsylvania.	Acer spicatum	species
taxon rank	Passiflora vitifolia, the perfumed passionflower, is a species of Passiflora, native to southern Central America (Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Panama) and northwestern South America (Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru).	Passiflora vitifolia	species
taxon rank	Gnathifera bidentella is a fringe-tufted moth species.	Gnathifera bidentella	species
taxon rank	Ovula ovum, common name the common egg cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae, the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries.	Ovula ovum	species
taxon rank	Lewisia sacajaweana is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Sacajawea's bitterroot.	Lewisia sacajaweana	species
taxon rank	Pachypodium lamerei is a species of Pachypodium.	Pachypodium lamerei	species
taxon rank	The tribe Fabeae (sometimes referred to as ``Vicieae'') is one of the subdivisions of the plant family Fabaceae.	Fabeae	tribe
taxon rank	Neoselachii are a grouping of cartilaginous fishes in subclass Elasmobranchii of class Chondrichthyes.	Neoselachii	subclass
taxon rank	Scleromochlus (Greek for ``hard fulcrum'') is an extinct genus of small avemetatarsalian from the Late Triassic period.	Scleromochlus	genus
taxon rank	Scenedesmus is a genus of green algae, specifically of the Chlorophyceae.	Scenedesmus	genus
taxon rank	Horkelia bolanderi is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names border horkelia and Bolander's horkelia.	Horkelia bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Xanthoparmelia tinctina is a species of lichen from the family Parmeliaceae that can be found in Arizona, California, Northern Africa and Europe.	Xanthoparmelia tinctina	species
taxon rank	Borisodon is an extinct genus of eutherians which existed in what is now Kazakhstan during the Turonian age.	Borisodon	genus
taxon rank	The type and only known species is Tuarangisaurus keyesi.	Tuarangisaurus	species
taxon rank	Caparmena adlbaueri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Caparmena.	Caparmena adlbaueri	species
taxon rank	Brugmansia sanguinea, the red Angel's Trumpet, is a South American species of flowering plants that grow as shrubs or small trees.	Brugmansia sanguinea	species
taxon rank	Turbo squamiger is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo squamiger	species
taxon rank	Phyllopachyceras is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the family Phylloceratidae.	Phyllopachyceras	genus
taxon rank	Woodhouse's antpecker (Parmoptila woodhousei) is an unusual bird of uncertain affinities species of estrildid finch found in wetter land of Central Africa, its localized in the forest from 700- 1800m where it actively forages in tangled vines and creepers in the forest undergrowth.	Woodhouse's antpecker	species
taxon rank	Gadopsis is a genus of temperate perches endemic to freshwater habitats in southeastern Australia.	Gadopsis	genus
taxon rank	Spartina bakeri is a species of grass known by the common names sand cordgrass and bunch cordgrass.	Spartina bakeri	species
taxon rank	Tribolonotus ponceleti is a species of lizard in the Scincidae family.	Tribolonotus ponceleti	species
taxon rank	Sayellini is a taxonomic tribe of minute ectoparasitic sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs, or micromollusks, in the very large family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Sayellini	tribe
taxon rank	The Acidithiobacillales are an order of bacteria within the Class Acidithiobacillia and comprises the genera Acidithiobacillus and Thermithiobacillus.	Acidithiobacillales	order
taxon rank	Tetropium fuscum or the brown spruce longhorn beetle is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.	Tetropium fuscum	species
taxon rank	Brachybembras aschemeieri is a species of deep-water flathead known only from the Pacific Ocean around the Philippines where it is found at a depth of around 582 metres (1,909 ft).	Brachybembras aschemeieri	species
taxon rank	Amolops gerbillus is a species of frog found in Asia.	Amolops gerbillus	species
taxon rank	Xyris elliottii, Elliott's yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris elliottii	species
taxon rank	Archaephippus is an extinct genus of prehistoric spadefish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.	Archaephippus	genus
taxon rank	The Atelostomata are a superorder of sea urchins.	Atelostomata	superorder
taxon rank	Carodnia is an extinct genus of South American ungulate known from the Paleocene of Brazil and Argentina, and the Eocene of Peru.	Carodnia	genus
taxon rank	Vaccinium deliciosum is a species of bilberry known by the common names Cascade bilberry, Cascade blueberry, and blueleaf huckleberry.	Vaccinium deliciosum	species
taxon rank	Guillenia is a small genus of mustard plants containing three species.	Guillenia	genus
taxon rank	Vaillantella maassi (Great emeralder, spiny eel loach, giant scissortail loach, forktail loach) is a species of loach in the Vaillantellidae family, a monotypic family with two other species, Vaillantella cinnamomea and Vaillantella euepiptera.	Vaillantella maassi	species
taxon rank	Papilio zagreus is in the Papilio zagreus species-group.	Papilio zagreus	species
taxon rank	The Dilmah shrub frog, (Pseudophilautus dilmah) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus dilmah	species
taxon rank	The Congridae are the family of conger and garden eels.	Congridae	family
taxon rank	Mobula kuhlii, the shortfin devil ray, is a species of eagle ray in the genus Mobula.	Mobula kuhlii	species
taxon rank	Sphaerotholus is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of the western United States and Canada.	Sphaerotholus	genus
taxon rank	Leptasterias hexactis is a species of starfish in the family Asteriidae, commonly known as the six-rayed star.	Leptasterias hexactis	species
taxon rank	Austropyrgus smithii is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the Hydrobiidae family.	Austropyrgus smithii	species
taxon rank	Lomatium ochocense is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Ochoco lomatium.	Lomatium ochocense	species
taxon rank	Crantzia is a plant genus in the Gesneriaceae family.	Crantzia	genus
taxon rank	Microdochium dimerum is a species of fungus that shows promise as a biocontrol agent.	Microdochium dimerum	species
taxon rank	Lithophaga nigra, or the black date mussel, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Lithophaga nigra	species
taxon rank	Arenaria macradenia is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Mojave sandwort and desert sandwort.	Arenaria macradenia	species
taxon rank	Sungeodon is an extinct genus of dicynodont therapsid from the Early Triassic of China.	Sungeodon	genus
taxon rank	Catasetum longifolium is a species of orchid found from North South America to North Brazil.	Catasetum longifolium	species
taxon rank	Quercus oleoides, with Spanish common names encina or encino, is a Mesoamerican species of oak in the beech family.	Quercus oleoides	species
taxon rank	Harttia garavelloi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Fanado and Araçuaí rivers.	Harttia garavelloi	species
taxon rank	Neritoida was a taxonomic order of sea snails, freshwater snails and land snails, gastropod molluscs.	Neritoida	order
taxon rank	Shuvuuia is a genus of bird-like theropod dinosaur from the late Cretaceous period of Mongolia.	Shuvuuia	genus
taxon rank	Pavoraja umbrosa (common name: dusky skate) is a species of fish in Rajidae family.	Pavoraja umbrosa	species
taxon rank	Cyrtodactylus philippinicus, commonly known as the Philippine bent-toed gecko or Philippine bow-fingered gecko, is a species of gecko in family Gekkonidae.	Cyrtodactylus philippinicus	species
taxon rank	Kepingaspis is an extinct genus of redlichiid trilobite that lived during the later part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.	Kepingaspis	genus
taxon rank	Caminibacter profundus is a species of moderately thermophilic, microaerobic to anaerobic, chemolithoautotrophic bacterium.	Caminibacter profundus	species
taxon rank	Conocephalum is a genus of thallose liverworts in the order Marchantiales.	Conocephalum	genus
taxon rank	Thaxteria is a genus of fungi within the Lasiosphaeriaceae family.	Thaxteria	genus
taxon rank	Zakerana parambikulamana (common names: Parambikulam frog, Parambikulam wart frog) is a species of frog that is endemic to the Western Ghats, India.	Zakerana parambikulamana	species
taxon rank	Entychides is a genus of trapdoor spiders in the family Euctenizidae, with species occurring in Mexico, the Southwestern United States, and the Lesser Antilles.	Entychides	genus
taxon rank	Allocasuarina luehmannii (buloke or bull-oak) is a species of ironwood tree native to Australia.	Allocasuarina luehmannii	species
taxon rank	Claytonia megarhiza is a species of wildflower in the purslane family known by the common names fell-fields claytonia and alpine springbeauty.	Claytonia megarhiza	species
taxon rank	The genus Spalax contains the blind, fossorial, or subterranean mole-rats, which are one of several types of rodents that are called mole-rats.	Spalax	genus
taxon rank	Araneus viridiventris is a spider species described by Takeo Yaginuma 1969.	Araneus viridiventris	species
taxon rank	Ampullina is an extinct taxonomic genus of deep-water sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Caenogastropoda.	Ampullina	genus
taxon rank	Malapterus reticulatus is a species of wrasse endemic to the Juan Fernández Islands in the southeastern Pacific Ocean.	Malapterus reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Gluconobacter is a genus of bacteria in the acetic acid bacteria family.	Gluconobacter	genus
taxon rank	Osmia rufa or Osmia bicornis is a species of mason bee, and is known as the red mason bee due to its covering of dense gingery hair.	Osmia rufa	species
taxon rank	Astragalus oxyphysus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Mt.	Astragalus oxyphysus	species
taxon rank	Erythroneura reflecta is a species of leafhopper found in the Eastern United States.	Erythroneura reflecta	species
taxon rank	Cirsium grahamii, called Graham's thistle , is a North American species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family.	Cirsium grahamii	species
taxon rank	Ebenopsis ebano is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is native to the coastal plain of southern Texas in the United States and eastern Mexico.	Ebenopsis ebano	species
taxon rank	The Medusa's Bulbophyllum (Bulbophyllum medusae) is a species of orchid.	Bulbophyllum medusae	species
taxon rank	Sauteria spongiosa is a species of liverwort in the Cleveaceae family.	Sauteria spongiosa	species
taxon rank	Anglerfishes are fish of the teleost order Lophiiformes /ˌlɒfiːəˈfɔːrmiːz/.	Anglerfish	order
taxon rank	Geoglossum atropurpureum is a species of earthtongue fungus.	Geoglossum atropurpureum	species
taxon rank	Stygophalangium karamani is a species of arachnid.	Stygophalangium karamani	species
taxon rank	Metasulenus unicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Metasulenus.	Metasulenus unicolor	species
taxon rank	Avicennia rumphiana is a species of tropical mangrove in the family Acanthaceae.	Avicennia rumphiana	species
taxon rank	Tegosa is a Neotropical genus of butterflies from Mexico to South America in the family Nymphalidae.	Tegosa	genus
taxon rank	Arbutus xalapensis, commonly known as the Texas Madrone, Naked Indian Tree or Texas Madroño, is a species of flowering plant in the heather family.	Arbutus xalapensis	species
taxon rank	Arcobacter suis is a species of bacteria first isolated from pork meat.	Arcobacter suis	species
taxon rank	Grewia limae is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Tiliaceae or Sparrmanniaceae family.	Grewia limae	species
taxon rank	It is found in the eastern Pacific from Costa Rica to Easter Island, at depths to 40 m. Its length is up to 60 cm. Abbott's moray eel is a shallow-water, inshore reef species, though not often seen.	Abbott's moray eel	species
taxon rank	Lamprologini is a tribe of African cichlid fishes.	Lamprologini	tribe
taxon rank	Calochortus splendens is a North American species of mariposa lily known by the common name splendid mariposa lily.	Calochortus splendens	species
taxon rank	Cycas pectinata (Common name: Assam Cycas; Nagphal in Assamese, Yendang in Manipuri) was the fourth species of Cycas to be named; it was described in 1826 by Scottish surgeon and botanist Francis Buchanan-Hamilton from Kamrup, Assam in northeast India.	Cycas pectinata	species
taxon rank	The Gabilan Mountains slender salamander (Batrachoseps gavilanensis) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.	Gabilan Mountains slender salamander	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus caleyi, commonly known as drooping ironbark, is a species of Eucalyptus endemic to eastern Australia.	Eucalyptus caleyi	species
taxon rank	Pseudomallocera auriflua is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Pseudomallocera.	Pseudomallocera	species
taxon rank	Carex arcta is a species of sedge known by the common name northern cluster sedge.	Carex arcta	species
taxon rank	Secamone schatzii is a plant species endemic to Madagascar.	Secamone schatzii	species
taxon rank	Phallostethus is a small genus of priapum fish native to freshwater and brackish habitats in southeast Asia.	Phallostethus	genus
taxon rank	Nannarrup hoffmani, commonly known as Hoffman's dwarf centipede, is a species of centipede that was discovered in New York City's Central Park in 2002.	Nannarrup hoffmani	species
taxon rank	Callionymus altipinnis, the Highfin deepwater dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean around China, Taiwan and Vietnam.	Callionymus altipinnis	species
taxon rank	Cypripedium dickinsonianum is a species of orchid named Dickinson's Lady's Slipper or Dickinson's Cypripedium after American orchidist Stirling Dickinson.	Cypripedium dickinsonianum	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea asarifolia (ginger-leaf morning-glory) is a species of plant in the Convolvulaceae family, of the genus Ipomoea.	Ipomoea asarifolia	species
taxon rank	Thylacosmilidae is an extinct family of metatherian predators, related to the modern marsupials, which lived in South America between the Miocene and Pliocene periods.	Thylacosmilidae	family
taxon rank	The blue tilapia or Israeli tilapia, Oreochromis aureus, is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family.	Oreochromis aureus	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum butterworthianum is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Butterworth's buckwheat.	Eriogonum butterworthianum	species
taxon rank	Recently the presence of this charr has been reported in several other lakes of Scotland, although it may be not be Salvelinus killinensis, but another similar species.	Salvelinus killinensis	species
taxon rank	Rickettsia massiliae is a tick-borne pathogenic spotted fever group Rickettsia species.	Rickettsia massiliae	species
taxon rank	Calloodes rayneri, the Green Scarab Beetle or Christmas Beetle, is a species of shining leaf chafers belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.	Calloodes rayneri	species
taxon rank	Melica hitchcockii is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Waterton Lakes Park of Alberta, Canada where it grows in a forest about 0.5 miles east of Cameron Lake at the elevation of 5,600 feet (1,700 m).	Melica hitchcockii	species
taxon rank	Astragalus agrestis is a species of milkvetch known by the common names purple milkvetch, purple loco, and field milkvetch.	Astragalus agrestis	species
taxon rank	Minuartia dirphya is a rare species of plant in the Caryophyllaceae family.	Minuartia dirphya	species
taxon rank	Allonnia is a genus of coeloscleritophoran known as complete scleritomes from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.	Allonnia	genus
taxon rank	Vireolanius is a genus of bird in the Vireonidae family.	Vireolanius	genus
taxon rank	Hellinsia wamenae is a species of moth in the genus Hellinsia, known from Indonesia.	Hellinsia wamenae	species
taxon rank	Ephedra boelckei is a species of Ephedra that is native to Argentina.	Ephedra boelckei	species
taxon rank	Amblyomma tuberculatum Marx, 1894, commonly known as the gopher tortoise tick, is a species of hard tick native to the United States whose adult and nymphal stages are commonly collected from the gopher tortoise, Gopherus polyphemus, with as many as 19 individual ticks taken from a single tortoise.	Amblyomma tuberculatum	species
taxon rank	The Cestodaria subclass is made up of Amphilinidea and Gyrocotylidea.	Cestodaria	subclass
taxon rank	Ceiupaba lineata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ceiupaba.	Ceiupaba lineata	species
taxon rank	Agrostis pallens is a species of grass known by the common name seashore bent grass.	Agrostis pallens	species
taxon rank	Soupha nouvongi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Soupha.	Soupha nouvongi	species
taxon rank	The Andes giant glass frog (Espadarana andina) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.	Andes giant glass frog	species
taxon rank	Eutropis rugifera, variously known as Nicobar Island skink or Rough-scaled sun skink, is a species of skink from southeastern Asia.	Eutropis rugifera	species
taxon rank	Atriplex coulteri is a species of saltbush known by the common names Coulter's saltbush and Coulter's orache.	Atriplex coulteri	species
taxon rank	Gnaphosa bicolor is a ground spider species found in Europe to Ukraine and Georgia.	Gnaphosa bicolor	species
taxon rank	Chresmodidae is an extinct family of insects within the superorder Polyneoptera.	Chresmodidae	family
taxon rank	Nothosauridae are an extinct family of carnivorous aquatic sauropterygian reptiles from the Triassic time period of China, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Netherlands, Russia, Switzerland, and northern Africa.	Nothosauridae	family
taxon rank	Krykyloceras is an early nautilid genus that lived during the Middle Devonian, a member of the same order that includes the recent Nautilus.	Krykyloceras	genus
taxon rank	Acyrtus is a genus of clingfishes found in the western Atlantic Ocean.	Acyrtus	genus
taxon rank	Antistia maculipennis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Antistia in the order Mantodea.	Antistia maculipennis	species
taxon rank	Zorillodontops is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid from the Early Triassic of South Africa.	Zorillodontops	genus
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos guatemalensis is a Central American species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family.	Symphoricarpos guatemalensis	species
taxon rank	Mitra carbonaria is a medium-large species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Mitridae, the miter snails or miter shells.	Mitra carbonaria	species
taxon rank	Gobivenator is an extinct genus of troodontid theropod dinosaur known from the late Campanian Djadokhta Formation of central Gobi Desert, Mongolia.	Gobivenator	genus
taxon rank	The Toxocaridae are a zoonotic family of parasitic nematodes that infect canids and felids and which cause toxocariasis in humans (visceral larva migrans and ocular larva migrans).	Toxocaridae	family
taxon rank	Elachistocleis skotogaster (common name: Santa Victoria oval frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Elachistocleis skotogaster	species
taxon rank	Catostomus conchos, the Matalote conchos, is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.	Catostomus conchos	species
taxon rank	Urtica dioica, often called common nettle or stinging nettle (although not all plants of this species sting), is a herbaceous perennial flowering plant, native to Europe, Asia, northern Africa, and western North America, and is the best-known member of the nettle genus Urtica.	Urtica dioica	species
taxon rank	Millerettidae is an extinct family of parareptiles from the Middle Permian to the Late Permian period (Capitanian - Changhsingian stages) of South Africa.	Millerettidae	family
taxon rank	Conus conspersus, common name the sprinkled cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus conspersus	species
taxon rank	Aspistomella heteroptera is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Aspistomella of the family Ulidiidae.	Aspistomella heteroptera	species
taxon rank	Rhodomelaceae is estimated to be the largest red algae family, with about 125 genera and over 700 species.	Rhodomelaceae	family
taxon rank	Securigera elegans is a plant species in the genus Securigera.	Securigera elegans	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Liopycnas percnombra, which is found in Japan.	Liopycnas	species
taxon rank	Plumeria (/pluːˈmiəriə/; common name plumeria) is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae.	Plumeria	genus
taxon rank	Scleria amazonica is a plant species native to the State of Amazonas in southern Venezuela.	Scleria amazonica	species
taxon rank	Gmelina lignum-vitreum is a species of plant in the Lamiaceae family.	Gmelina lignum-vitreum	species
taxon rank	Yabeiceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the ammonite family Collignoniceratidae.	Yabeiceras	genus
taxon rank	Cobcrephora is a genus of that resembles the Palaeoloricates, known from the Silurian of Gotland.	Cobcrephora	genus
taxon rank	Melicope saint-johnii (St. John's pelea, St. John's melicope) is a species of tree in the citrus family.	Melicope saint-johnii	species
taxon rank	Intiornis is an extinct genus of avisaurid enantiornithine birds which existed in what is now North-West Argentina during the late Cretaceous period (Campanian age).	Intiornis	genus
taxon rank	Walckenaeria vilbasteae is a spider species found in Finland and Estonia.	Walckenaeria vilbasteae	species
taxon rank	Prunus eremophila is a rare species of plum that is known by its common name Mojave Desert plum.	Prunus eremophila	species
taxon rank	Trucidocynodon riograndensis is the only species descript for genus.	Trucidocynodon	species
taxon rank	Luciobarbus kersin is a species of cyprinid fish found in freshwater habitats in Iran, Syria and southeastern Turkey.	Luciobarbus kersin	species
taxon rank	The Australian rainbowfish (Melanotaenia fluviatilis), known less commonly as the Murray River rainbowfish or the crimson-spotted rainbowfish, is a species of freshwater rainbowfish endemic to Australia.	Melanotaenia fluviatilis	species
taxon rank	Epidendrum magnoliae, sometimes called Epidendrum conopseum or the green-fly orchid, is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum.	Epidendrum magnoliae	species
taxon rank	Ctenochasma (meaning 'comb jaw') is a genus of Late Jurassic pterosaur belonging to the suborder Pterodactyloidea.	Ctenochasma	genus
taxon rank	Trogloraptor is a genus of large spiders found in the caves of southwestern Oregon.	Trogloraptor	genus
taxon rank	Enchelyurus flavipes is a species of combtooth blenny from the western Pacific Ocean.	Enchelyurus flavipes	species
taxon rank	Aristolochia scytophylla is a species of flowering plant in the family Aristolochiaceae.	Aristolochia scytophylla	species
taxon rank	The Drooping Shadowdamsel, (Drepanosticta lankanensis) is a species of damselfly in the family Platystictidae.	Drepanosticta lankanensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudometapterus umbrosus is a species of assassin bug found in North America.	Pseudometapterus umbrosus	species
taxon rank	The Cape eagle-owl (Bubo capensis) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Cape eagle-owl	species
taxon rank	Callundine lacordairei is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily, and the only species in the genus Callundine.	Callundine lacordairei	species
taxon rank	Nassarius candens, common name the bright nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius candens	species
taxon rank	Nanorana ventripunctata (common names: Yunnan slow frog, spot-bellied plateau frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana ventripunctata	species
taxon rank	Wodnika is an extinct genus of shark which lived in the Late Permian period in the present area of Germany and Russia.	Wodnika	genus
taxon rank	Restrepia, abbreviated Rstp in horticultural trade, is a small genus of 49 orchids in the orchid family (Orchidaceae), closely related to Pleurothallis.	Restrepia	genus
taxon rank	Osmitopsis is a genus of African flowering plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family.	Osmitopsis	genus
taxon rank	Rubus geniculatus is a European species of flowering plant in the rose family, with a few naturalized populations in the State of Virginia in the eastern United States.	Rubus geniculatus	species
taxon rank	Prunum roscidum, common name the seaboard marginella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Prunum roscidum	species
taxon rank	Bidens bipinnata is a common and widespread species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Bidens bipinnata	species
taxon rank	Solidago leavenworthii, Leavenworth's goldenrod, is North American species of herbaceous perennial plants of the sunflower family.	Solidago leavenworthii	species
taxon rank	Condylocardiidae is a family of small marine bivalve clams of the order Veneroida.	Condylocardiidae	family
taxon rank	Galium californicum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name California bedstraw.	Galium californicum	species
taxon rank	Stachytarpheta urticifolia, the nettleleaf velvetberry, is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family.	Stachytarpheta urticifolia	species
taxon rank	Callinectes arcuatus is a species of swimming crab in the genus Callinectes that lives along the Pacific coast of Central America.	Callinectes arcuatus	species
taxon rank	Peperomia galioides is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family, endemic to Peru.	Peperomia galioides	species
taxon rank	Synaptolaemus cingulatus is a species of headstander found in Brazil and Venezuela.	Synaptolaemus cingulatus	species
taxon rank	Viburnum tinus (Laurustinus, laurustinus viburnum, or laurestine) is a species of flowering plant in the family Adoxaceae, native to the Mediterranean area of Europe and North Africa.	Viburnum tinus	species
taxon rank	Endopterygota, also known as Holometabola, is a superorder of insects of the subclass Pterygota which go through distinctive larval, pupal, and adult stages.	Endopterygota	superorder
taxon rank	Megalictis (great weasel) is an extinct genus of large predatory mustelids, which existed in North America during the ``cat gap'' in the Miocene period.	Megalictis	genus
taxon rank	Goneplacoidea is a superfamily of crabs containing 11 extant families, and two families known only from fossils (marked ``†'').	Goneplacoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Sinomenium is a genus of plant in family Menispermaceae first described as a genus in 1910.	Sinomenium	genus
taxon rank	Anomalochromis thomasi is a species of fish in the family Cichlidae, the only species in the genus Anomalochromis.	Anomalochromis thomasi	species
taxon rank	Oedipodiella is a genus of moss in the family Gigaspermaceae; it contains the single species Oedipodiella australis.	Oedipodiella	species
taxon rank	Piabucina is a genus of freshwater fishes found in Central and South America.	Piabucina	genus
taxon rank	Holospira mesolia, common name widemouth holospira, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Urocoptidae.	Holospira mesolia	species
taxon rank	Gobius senegambiensis is a species of goby native to the Atlantic Ocean from Morocco to Angola as well as the islands in the Gulf of Guinea where it is found in inshore waters on sandy substrates.	Gobius senegambiensis	species
taxon rank	Pronothobranchius is a genus of African rivulines native to western Africa.	Pronothobranchius	genus
taxon rank	Bombus caliginosus, the obscure bumblebee, is a species of bumblebee native to the West Coast of the United States, where its distribution extends from Washington through Oregon to Southern California, as far south as the San Jacinto Mountains.	Bombus caliginosus	species
taxon rank	Ginsburgellus novemlineatus, the Nineline goby, is a species of goby native to tropical reefs of the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.	Ginsburgellus novemlineatus	species
taxon rank	Borealaspis is an extinct genus of Trilobite.	Borealaspis	genus
taxon rank	Acacia monticola, commonly known as red wattle or gawar, is a species of plant in the legume family that is native to northern Australia from Western Australia eastwards through the Northern Territory to central western Queensland.	Acacia monticola	species
taxon rank	Herina pseudoluctuosa is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in Hungary, Italy, and Switzerland.	Herina pseudoluctuosa	species
taxon rank	Oonops placidus is a spider species found in France.	Oonops placidus	species
taxon rank	Penstemon gracilentus is a species of penstemon known by the common names slender beardtongue and slender penstemon.	Penstemon gracilentus	species
taxon rank	Cambaroides dauricus is a species of crayfish endemic to north-eastern China, the Korean Peninsula and neighbouring parts of Russia.	Cambaroides dauricus	species
taxon rank	Aviculopecten is an extinct genus of bivalve mollusc that lived from the Early Devonian to the Late Triassic in Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, and South America.	Aviculopecten	genus
taxon rank	Bucculatrix gossypina larvae feed on Gossypium species.	Bucculatrix gossypina	species
taxon rank	Sphaerosyllis levantina is a species belonging to the phylum Annelida, a group known as the segmented worms.	Sphaerosyllis levantina	species
taxon rank	Prostanthera striatiflora, commonly known as Jockey's Cap or Striped Mintbush, is a shrub species that occurs in the dry interior region of Australia.	Prostanthera striatiflora	species
taxon rank	Cantrainea sunderlandi is a species of small sea snail with calcareous opercula, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.	Cantrainea sunderlandi	species
taxon rank	Macrotristria is a genus of cicada in the cryptotympanini tribe of the Cicadinae subfamily.	Macrotristria	genus
taxon rank	Athabascasaurus is an extinct genus of platypterygiine ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaur known from Alberta, Canada.	Athabascasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Moraea aristata (Blue-eyed Uintjie or Blouooguintjie in Afrikaans) is a critically endangered species of plant in the genus Moraea, that is endemic to the city of Cape Town and is now restricted to the grounds of the Observatory in the Cape Town suburb of Observatory.	Moraea aristata	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia erythranda is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Cuba and Hispaniola.	Dorstenia erythranda	species
taxon rank	Columbarium veridicum is a species of deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinellidae, the pagoda shells.	Columbarium veridicum	species
taxon rank	Gibbula multicolor, common name the multicoloured topshell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Gibbula multicolor	species
taxon rank	Naucoridae is a small family of insects commonly known as the creeping water bugs.	Naucoridae	family
taxon rank	Pherosphaera fitzgeraldii, commonly known as the Blue Mountains Pine or Dwarf Mountain Pine is a species of conifer in the family Podocarpaceae.	Pherosphaera fitzgeraldii	species
taxon rank	Argiope savignyi is a species of orb-weaving spider that occurs from Mexico to Bolivia.	Argiope savignyi	species
taxon rank	Cremohipparion is an extinct genus of horse living in Eurasia and Africa during the Miocene through Pliocene.	Cremohipparion	genus
taxon rank	Cambrorhytium is an enigmatic fossil genus known from the Latham shale (California), and the Chengjiang (China) and Burgess Shale (Canadian rockies) lagerstätte 350 specimens of Cambrorhytium are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed, where they comprise 0.7% of the community.	Cambrorhytium	genus
taxon rank	Acreana cuprea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Acreana.	Acreana cuprea	species
taxon rank	Ancistroteuthis lichtensteinii, also known as the angel clubhook squid or simply angel squid, is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae and the sole member of the genus Ancistroteuthis.	Ancistroteuthis	species
taxon rank	Scorpaenopsis is a genus of scorpionfishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Scorpaenopsis	genus
taxon rank	Rheocles vatosoa is a species of fish in the Bedotiidae family.	Rheocles vatosoa	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum rosense is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name rosy buckwheat.	Eriogonum rosense	species
taxon rank	Santalum haleakalae, known as Haleakala sandalwood or ʻIliahi in Hawaiian, is a species of flowering tree in the European mistletoe family, Santalaceae, that is endemic to the island of Maui in the Hawaiian Islands, part of the United States.	Santalum haleakalae	species
taxon rank	Sminthurinus is a genus of collembola described by Börner in 1901.	Sminthurinus	genus
taxon rank	Coenobita violascens is a species of land hermit crab native to the Nicobar Islands, Thailand, Cambodia, Philippines, Japan and Tanzania.	Coenobita violascens	species
taxon rank	Cormocephalus brachyceras is an Australian species of centipede from the genus Cormocephalus.	Cormocephalus brachyceras	species
taxon rank	Galium litorale, Sicilian seashore bedstraw, is a rare species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Galium litorale	species
taxon rank	Rosa pimpinellifolia, the burnet rose, is a species of rose native to western, central and southern Europe (north to Iceland and Norway) and northwest Africa.	Rosa pimpinellifolia	species
taxon rank	Licuala ferruginea is a species of palm tree from the genus Licuala.	Licuala ferruginea	species
taxon rank	Pseudomulciber salomonum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudomulciber.	Pseudomulciber salomonum	species
taxon rank	Phrynobatrachus latifrons (common name: Ahl's river frog) is a species of frog in the Phrynobatrachidae family.	Phrynobatrachus latifrons	species
taxon rank	Agapanthus inapertus, (Drakensberg Agapanthus or Drooping Agapanthus) is a species of Agapanthus, native to open grasslands, forest margins and mountainous, rocky areas of Mozambique, Swaziland, and South Africa (Transvaal and Natal).	Agapanthus inapertus	species
taxon rank	Coptis laciniata is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name Oregon goldthread.	Coptis laciniata	species
taxon rank	Potentilla arenaria is a plant species in the genus Potentilla.	Potentilla arenaria	species
taxon rank	Diacamma indicum, also known as Indian queenless ant, is a species of ant of the subfamily Ponerinae.	Diacamma indicum	species
taxon rank	Sidalcea hartwegii is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names valley checkerbloom and Hartweg's checkerbloom.	Sidalcea hartwegii	species
taxon rank	Crataegus holmesiana is a species of hawthorn closely related to Scarlet Hawthorn, C. coccinea (often incorrectly called C. pedicellata), but with more elongated fruit and leaves.	Crataegus holmesiana	species
taxon rank	Psittacanthus robustus is a species of neotropical mistletoe in the Loranthaceae family that can be found growing on Vochysiaceae species in southeastern Brazil.	Psittacanthus robustus	species
taxon rank	Tonlesapia is a genus of freshwater dragonets native to Southeast Asia.	Tonlesapia	genus
taxon rank	Malus angustifolia, or southern crabapple, is a species of crabapple native to the eastern and south-central United States from Florida west to eastern Texas and north to New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Illinois and Missouri.	Malus angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Cantharidus, common name the kelp shells, is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs of the family Trochidae, the top shells.	Cantharidus	genus
taxon rank	The genus contains only one species, i.e. Wittmackanthus stanleyanus, which is found in Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Guyana.	Wittmackanthus	species
taxon rank	Myrmoteras binghamii is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.	Myrmoteras binghamii	species
taxon rank	Conus gladiator, common name the gladiator cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus gladiator	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Pedaliotis dryograpta, which is found in Brazil.	Pedaliotis	species
taxon rank	Scartella poiti is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the southwest Atlantic ocean, around Trindade Island, Brazil.	Scartella poiti	species
taxon rank	Parapuzosia seppenradensis is the largest known species of ammonite.	Parapuzosia seppenradensis	species
taxon rank	Gnathodolus bidens is a species of headstander endemic to the Orinoco and Casiquiare rivers in Venezuela.	Gnathodolus bidens	species
taxon rank	Pseudocreobotra is a genus of Sub-Saharan flower mantisses.	Pseudocreobotra	genus
taxon rank	The Coachella Valley fringe-toed lizard (Uma inornata) is a species of phrynosomatid lizard.	Coachella Valley fringe-toed lizard	species
taxon rank	Anoectochilus brevilabris is a species of orchid native to the mountains of Sikkim, Nepal, Assam, India, and Vietnam.	Anoectochilus brevilabris	species
taxon rank	Malapterurus punctatus is a species of electric catfish native to Côte d'Ivoire, Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.	Malapterurus punctatus	species
taxon rank	Coelacanthopsis is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish which lived during the Carboniferous period.	Coelacanthopsis	genus
taxon rank	Michelia aenea is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family native to China and Vietnam.	Michelia aenea	species
taxon rank	Carex leporinella is a species of sedge known by the common name Sierra hare sedge.	Carex leporinella	species
taxon rank	Turbo sarmaticus, common name the South African turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo sarmaticus	species
taxon rank	The Caponioidea or caponioids are a group of haplogyne araneomorph spiders that have been treated as superfamily with two members, the families Caponiidae and Tetrablemmidae.	Caponioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Pelmatops is a genus of tephritid fruit flies.	Pelmatops	genus
taxon rank	Trachyphrynium is a monotypic genus of plants native to tropical Africa.	Trachyphrynium	genus
taxon rank	Viola nuttallii (Nuttall's violet, Yellow prairie violet) is a perennial herbaceous plant in the Violet family (Violaceae), and is one of the few violet species with lanceolate leaves.	Viola nuttallii	species
taxon rank	The Ichthyostegidae is a small family of extinct labyrinthodont amphibian from the Devonian.	Ichthyostegidae	family
taxon rank	Mitracarpus maxwelliae is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Maxwell's girdlepod.	Mitracarpus maxwelliae	species
taxon rank	The Ficedula flycatchers are a genus of Old World flycatchers.	Ficedula	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Leedsichthys problematicus.	Leedsichthys	species
taxon rank	Itemirus is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Turonian age of the Late Cretaceous period of Uzbekistan.	Itemirus	genus
taxon rank	Pelecus cultratus, known variously as the sichel, the ziege, the sabre carp or sabrefish, is a species of cyprinid fish from an Eastern Europe and adjacent Asian regions.	Pelecus cultratus	species
taxon rank	Microcystis aeruginosa is a species of freshwater cyanobacteria which can form harmful algal blooms of economic and ecological importance.	Microcystis aeruginosa	species
taxon rank	Lutungutali (meaning ``high hip'' in the Bemba language) is an extinct genus of silesaurid dinosauriform from the Middle Triassic of Zambia.	Lutungutali	genus
taxon rank	Shorea maxima (also called Yellow Meranti) is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae.	Shorea maxima	species
taxon rank	Curvinomia formosa is a species of bees in the genus Curvinomia, of the family Halictidae.	Curvinomia formosa	species
taxon rank	Pseudarmadillo is a genus of woodlice from the Greater Antilles.	Pseudarmadillo	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Brachylophosaurus canadensis.	Brachylophosaurus	species
taxon rank	Menegazzia subpertusa is a species of lichen found in New Zealand, Australia, and South America.	Menegazzia subpertusa	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Disasuridia rubida.	Disasuridia	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus megacarpus is a species of flowering shrub known by the common name bigpod ceanothus.	Ceanothus megacarpus	species
taxon rank	Millerichthys robustus, the Mexican rivulus, is a species of rivuline endemic to Mexico where it is found in the Papaloapan and Coatzacoalcos River basins.	Millerichthys robustus	species
taxon rank	Bidens lemmonii (Lemmon's beggarticks) is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Bidens lemmonii	species
taxon rank	It is the only known species in the genus Hakonechloa.	Hakonechloa	genus
taxon rank	Dichelostemma congestum is a species of flowering plant known by the common names roundtooth snakelily, manyflower brodiaea and wild hyacinth.	Dichelostemma congestum	species
taxon rank	Imperator torosus, commonly known as the brawny bolete, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Imperator torosus	species
taxon rank	Pseudunela viatoris is a species of sea slug, an acochlidian, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudunelidae.	Pseudunela viatoris	species
taxon rank	Toxicodendron succedaneum, the wax tree, Japanese wax tree or sơn in Vietnam, is a flowering plant species in the genus Toxicodendron found in Asia, although it has been planted elsewhere, most notably Australia and New Zealand.	Toxicodendron succedaneum	species
taxon rank	The Enterobacteriaceae are a large family of Gram-negative bacteria that includes, along with many harmless symbionts, many of the more familiar pathogens, such as Salmonella, Escherichia coli, Yersinia pestis, Klebsiella and Shigella.	Enterobacteriaceae	family
taxon rank	Alvaradoa amorphoides is a species of plant in the Picramniaceae family.	Alvaradoa amorphoides	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum prattenianum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Nevada City buckwheat.	Eriogonum prattenianum	species
taxon rank	Chalawan (Thai: ชาละวัน, pronounced (t͡ɕʰāː.lā.wān)) is an extinct genus of pholidosaurid mesoeucrocodylian known from the Early Cretaceous Phu Kradung Formation of Nong Bua Lamphu Province, northeastern Thailand.	Chalawan	genus
taxon rank	Eugeneodontida is an extinct and poorly known order of bizarre cartilaginous fishes.	Eugeneodontida	order
taxon rank	Pocillopora grandis, is one of fifteen described species in the family Pocilloporidae.	Pocillopora grandis	species
taxon rank	The Eulophidae are a large family of hymenopteran insects, with over 4,300 described species in some 300 genera.	Eulophidae	family
taxon rank	Carnegiella schereri, a species of hatchetfish, is native to the Amazon Basin in Peru and Brazil.	Carnegiella schereri	species
taxon rank	Ribes inerme is a species of currant known by the common names whitestem gooseberry and white stemmed gooseberry.	Ribes inerme	species
taxon rank	Hypodactylus is a genus of frogs found in northern South America (from central Peru to Ecuador and Colombia).	Hypodactylus	genus
taxon rank	The Palau fantail (Rhipidura lepida) is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family.	Palau fantail	species
taxon rank	Warczewiczella discolor is a species of orchid native to Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Venezuela, Cuba, Costa Rica, Honduras, and Panama.	Warczewiczella discolor	species
taxon rank	Silene conoidea is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names weed silene and large sand catchfly.	Silene conoidea	species
taxon rank	Eua montana is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Eua montana	species
taxon rank	Cheilanthes distans is a species of lip fern known by the common name Bristly Cloak Fern.	Cheilanthes distans	species
taxon rank	Laetesia aucklandensis is a species of sheet weaver found in the Auckland Islands.	Laetesia aucklandensis	species
taxon rank	Synodontis violaceus is a species of upside-down catfish found in the Chad, Niger, Senegal and Volta basins.	Synodontis violaceus	species
taxon rank	Craugastor raniformis (common name: robber frog) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Craugastor raniformis	species
taxon rank	Croton yecorensis is a plant species endemic to a small region the State of Sonora, Mexico.	Croton yecorensis	species
taxon rank	Thespesia populnea, commonly known as the Portia tree /ˈpɔərʃⁱə/, is species of flowering plant in the mallow family, Malvaceae.	Thespesia populnea	species
taxon rank	Callochromis pleurospilus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika excepting the southern end.	Callochromis pleurospilus	species
taxon rank	It was described by McCoy in 1849, and the type species is Chasmops odini, which was originally described under the genus Calymene by Eichwald in 1840.	Chasmops	genus
taxon rank	Synodontis polystigma is a species of upside-down catfish native to the upper Congo Basin of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.	Synodontis polystigma	species
taxon rank	Mariosousa usumacintensis is a plant species native to the Mexican State of Tabasco.	Mariosousa usumacintensis	species
taxon rank	Pleurobrachia is a common genus of Ctenophora.	Pleurobrachia	genus
taxon rank	The original description of the order Radiodonta included Anomalocaris, Laggania, Hurdia, Proboscicaris, Cassubia, Amplectobelua, Cucumericrus, and Parapeytoia.	Radiodonta	order
taxon rank	Agrostis densiflora is a species of grass known by the common name California bent grass.	Agrostis densiflora	species
taxon rank	Eumetula bouvieri is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Newtoniellidae, which is known from European waters.	Eumetula bouvieri	species
taxon rank	Barrosasaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur, first described by paleontologists Leonardo Salgado and Rodolfo Coria in 2009.	Barrosasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Kokia lanceolata (Wailupe Valley treecotton) was a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.	Kokia lanceolata	species
taxon rank	Diocirea is a genus of flowering plants in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae.	Diocirea	genus
taxon rank	Ananteris pydanieli is a species of scorpion from Brazilian Amazonia.	Ananteris pydanieli	species
taxon rank	Parexarrhenus excellens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parexarrhenus.	Parexarrhenus excellens	species
taxon rank	The Strelitziaceae comprise a family of monocotyledonous flowering plants, very similar in appearance and growth habit to members of the related families Heliconiaceae and Musaceae (banana family).	Strelitziaceae	family
taxon rank	Araeostoma aenicta is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Araeostoma.	Araeostoma aenicta	species
taxon rank	Pittas are a family, Pittidae, of passerine birds mainly found in tropical Asia and Australasia, although a couple of species live in Africa.	Pitta	family
taxon rank	Amsinckia lycopsoides is a species of fiddleneck known by the common name tarweed fiddleneck.	Amsinckia lycopsoides	species
taxon rank	Nuculanidae is a family of small saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the order Nuculanoida.	Nuculanidae	family
taxon rank	Pisolithus arrhizus (also spelled Pisolithus arhizus) is a widespread earth-ball like fungus, which may in fact be several closely related species.	Pisolithus arrhizus	species
taxon rank	Allium zebdanense is a Middle Eastern species of wild onion found in Israel, Palestine, Syria, Lebanon, Turkey, Caucasus and Jordan.	Allium zebdanense	species
taxon rank	Elymus farctus is a species of grass known by the common name sand couch-grass It is found in Europe and temperate Asia, and grows from rhizomes.	Elymus farctus	species
taxon rank	Cancellicula is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.	Cancellicula	genus
taxon rank	Tachina vernalis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to US state of New Mexico.	Tachina vernalis	species
taxon rank	Neochoerus pinckneyi was a North American species of capybara.	Neochoerus pinckneyi	species
taxon rank	Ameles dumonti is a species of praying mantis that inhabits Tunisia and Morocco.	Ameles dumonti	species
taxon rank	Ceratostylis is a genus of orchids with more than 140 species distributed in China, India, Southeast Asia, New Guinea, the Philippines, and Melanesia.	Ceratostylis	genus
taxon rank	Perissoneura paradoxa is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Perissoneura of the family Ulidiidae.	Perissoneura paradoxa	species
taxon rank	Spirodela punctata (or Landoltia punctata, common name dotted duckmeat) is a species of duckweed (Lemnaceae).	Spirodela punctata	species
taxon rank	Sybromimus obliquatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sybromimus.	Sybromimus obliquatus	species
taxon rank	Neuquenraptor might be a junior subjective synonym of Unenlagia; that is, the two might represent the same genus or even species, in which case the name Unenlagia would have to be used instead of Neuquenraptor because the former name was published earlier, in 1997, and thus has priority.	Neuquenraptor	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Xanthothecium peruvianum.	Xanthothecium	species
taxon rank	Brunneria brasiliensis, common name Brazilian stick mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.	Brunneria brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Homotrysis macleayi is a species of darkling beetle native to Australia.	Homotrysis macleayi	species
taxon rank	The Robust burrowing scorpion (Opistophthalmus carinatus) is a widespread species of scorpion in the drier regions of southern Africa.	Opistophthalmus carinatus	species
taxon rank	Iva imbricata is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names dune marsh-elder and seacoast marsh elder.	Iva imbricata	species
taxon rank	Mongolestes (``Mongolian robber'') is an extinct genus of mesonychid known from the 'Ulan Gochu' formation of Inner Mongolia and likely originated in Asia.	Mongolestes	genus
taxon rank	Petalodontidae is an extinct family of marine cartilaginous fish related to modern day chimaera found in what is now the United States of America and Europe.	Petalodontidae	family
taxon rank	Cadiouclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Cadiouclanis bianchii, which is known from Ethiopia.	Cadiouclanis	species
taxon rank	The Baikal bush warbler or David's bush warbler (Locustella davidi) is a migratory species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.	Baikal bush warbler	species
taxon rank	Aloe mayottensis (previously Lomatophyllum mayottensis) is a species of Aloe indigenous to the island of Mayotte and surrounding islands of the Comoros, in the Indian Ocean.	Aloe mayottensis	species
taxon rank	Chorthippus biguttulus, the Bow-winged grasshopper, is one of the most common species of grasshopper found in the dry grassland of northern and central Europe.	Chorthippus biguttulus	species
taxon rank	Geum radiatum is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names spreading avens, Appalachian avens, and cliff avens.	Geum radiatum	species
taxon rank	Licuala grandis, the Ruffled Fan Palm, Vanuatu Fan Palm or Palas Palm is a species of palm tree in the Arecaceae family, native to Vanuatu, an island nation in the Pacific.	Licuala grandis	species
taxon rank	Malacoctenus erdmani is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea from the Bahamas to Curaçao.	Malacoctenus erdmani	species
taxon rank	Senecio vaginatus, the smooth ragwort, is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Senecio vaginatus	species
taxon rank	Ecclinusa is a genus of plants in the Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1839.	Ecclinusa	genus
taxon rank	Koelreuteria paniculata is a species of flowering plant in the family Sapindaceae, native to eastern Asia, in China and Korea.	Koelreuteria paniculata	species
taxon rank	Pseudocerotidae is a family of flatworms which includes the Bedford's Flatworm.	Pseudocerotidae	family
taxon rank	Nodipecten subnodosus is a species of scallop known by the common name giant lion's paw.	Nodipecten subnodosus	species
taxon rank	Microlophus occipitalis, the knobbed Pacific iguana, is a species of lava lizard endemic to Ecuador and Peru.	Microlophus occipitalis	species
taxon rank	Alsodes barrioi is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family, endemic to Chile; it is only known from its type locality in the Cordillera de Nahuelbuta, Malleco Province.	Alsodes barrioi	species
taxon rank	Afrocyon is an extinct genus of large, mostly carnivorous bone-crushing mammals known as bear dogs, of the family Amphicyonidae endemic to Africa during the Miocene to Pliocene living from 11.6--5.3 Ma and existed for approximately 6.3 million years.	Afrocyon	genus
taxon rank	The Entomoplasmatales are a small order of mollicute bacteria.	Entomoplasmatales	order
taxon rank	Conus marielae, common name Mariel's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus marielae	species
taxon rank	Orconectes virilis is a species of crayfish known as the virile crayfish, northern crayfish, Eastern Crayfish and lesser known as the Lake Crayfish or Common Crawfish.	Orconectes virilis	species
taxon rank	Nipholophia chujoi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Nipholophia.	Nipholophia chujoi	species
taxon rank	Tapheocarpa is a genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family, first described as a genus in 1994.	Tapheocarpa	genus
taxon rank	Passiflora cuspidifolia is a species of passion fruit.	Passiflora cuspidifolia	species
taxon rank	Cyllecoris marginatus is a species of bugs in Miridae family that is endemic to Greece.	Cyllecoris marginatus	species
taxon rank	The genus contains a single described species, Burmomyrma rossi.	Burmomyrma	species
taxon rank	Draba albertina is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known as slender draba or slender whitlow-grass.	Draba albertina	species
taxon rank	Uebelmannia is genus of cactus.	Uebelmannia	genus
taxon rank	Rubus jacensis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus jacens	species
taxon rank	It is monospecific, and the type species is Reticulomyxa filosa.	Reticulomyxa	species
taxon rank	Dalea austrotexana, common name dune dalea, is a plant species endemic to southern Texas.	Dalea austrotexana	species
taxon rank	The Ladak pika (Ochotona ladacensis) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae found in China, India, and Pakistan.	Ladak pika	species
taxon rank	Typhlops capitulatus, commonly known as the Haitian pale-lipped blindsnake or Richmond's worm snake, is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.	Typhlops capitulatus	species
taxon rank	Apoclada is a genus of Brazilian bamboo in the grass family).	Apoclada	genus
taxon rank	Paphinia posadarum is a species of orchid found from Colombia to Ecuador.	Paphinia posadarum	species
taxon rank	Phelsuma modesta leiogaster Mertens, 1973 is a subspecies of geckos.	Phelsuma modesta leiogaster	subspecies
taxon rank	The Aberrant Oakblue or Aberrant Bushblue (Arhopala abseus) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.	Arhopala abseus	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe brevicornu is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family which is known by the common name brittle spineflower.	Chorizanthe brevicornu	species
taxon rank	Storeria is a genus of colubrid snakes, endemic to North America and Central America.	Storeria	genus
taxon rank	Entophlyctis is a genus of fungi currently classified in the family Chytriomycetaceae.	Entophlyctis	genus
taxon rank	Powelliphanta gilliesi, one of the ``amber snails'', is a species of large, carnivorous land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.	Powelliphanta gilliesi	species
taxon rank	Amalda southlandica, is a poorly known species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae, the olives.	Amalda southlandica	species
taxon rank	Penicillium radicum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from rhizosphere of australian wheat.	Penicillium radicum	species
taxon rank	Sagittaria macrocarpa, commonly called the large-fruited Arrowhead, is an aquatic plant species known only from the US states of North Carolina and South Carolina.	Sagittaria macrocarpa	species
taxon rank	Aldisa sanguinea, common name the blood-spot dorid, is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.	Aldisa sanguinea	species
taxon rank	Xenacanthida (or Xenacanthiforms) is an order of prehistoric sharks that appeared during the Lower Carboniferous period.	Xenacanthida	order
taxon rank	Cheiracanthium campestre is a spider species found in Europe.	Cheiracanthium campestre	species
taxon rank	Casuarina is a genus of 17 tree species in the family Casuarinaceae, native to Australia, the Indian Subcontinent, southeast Asia, and islands of the western Pacific Ocean.	Casuarina	genus
taxon rank	Walchia is a fossil conifer, cypress-like genus of Upper Pennsylvanian (Carboniferous) and lower Permian (about 310-290 Mya).	Walchia	genus
taxon rank	Metastachydium is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, first described with this name in 1977.	Metastachydium	genus
taxon rank	Vitis girdiana is as species of wild grape known as the desert wild grape and valley grape.	Vitis girdiana	species
taxon rank	Bungarus is a genus of venomous elapid snakes, the kraits (``krait'' is pronounced /kraɪt/, rhyming with ``kite''), found in South and Southeast Asia.	Bungarus	genus
taxon rank	Canthumeryx is an extinct genus of primitive giraffid artiodactyl.	Canthumeryx	genus
taxon rank	The Arhopalini are a rather small tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.	Arhopalini	tribe
taxon rank	Aneriophora is a little-known genus of hoverflies from South America.	Aneriophora	genus
taxon rank	Oceanites is a genus of seabird in the storm petrel family.	Oceanites	genus
taxon rank	Speyeria zerene, the zerene fritillary, is a species of butterfly found in the western portions of the United States and Canada.	Speyeria zerene	species
taxon rank	Guancha gracilis is a species of calcareous sponge from northern California.	Guancha gracilis	species
taxon rank	Xenocompsa flavonitida is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily.	Xenocompsa flavonitida	species
taxon rank	Brickellia paucidentata is a South American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia paucidentata	species
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Witsenia marua, endemic to Cape Province in western South Africa.	Witsenia	species
taxon rank	Apozomus gerlachi is a species of hubbardiid short-tailed whipscorpion that is endemic to Silhouette and North Islands in the Seychelles.	Apozomus gerlachi	species
taxon rank	Costacaridae contains one genus, with one recognized species:	Costacaridae	species
taxon rank	Hypolagus is an extinct genus of Lagomorpha, first recorded in the Hemingfordian (early to middle Miocene) of North America.	Hypolagus	genus
taxon rank	Habrodera nitidula is a small-bodied species, reaching about 9--11 millimetres (0.35--0.43 in) in length.	Habrodera nitidula	species
taxon rank	Paracantha is a genus of tephritid fruit flies with ten described species.	Paracantha	genus
taxon rank	Streptanthus bernardinus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Laguna Mountains jewelflower, or Laguna Mountain jewelflower.	Streptanthus bernardinus	species
taxon rank	Busycon is a genus of very large edible sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Busyconidae.	Busycon	genus
taxon rank	Alphamenes is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing 7 species.	Alphamenes	genus
taxon rank	Cytophaga is a genus of Gram-negative, gliding, rod-shaped bacteria.	Cytophaga	genus
taxon rank	Pococera cyrilla is a species of snout moth in the genus Pococera.	Pococera cyrilla	species
taxon rank	Tomaspis inclusa is a species of true bug from the Cercopidae family.	Tomaspis inclusa	species
taxon rank	Gymnocondylus is a genus of Brazilian flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae.	Gymnocondylus	genus
taxon rank	Caryoteae is a palm tree tribe in the family Arecaceae.	Caryoteae	tribe
taxon rank	Isomoralla eriscota is a species of Oecophoridae that occurs in Australia.	Isomoralla eriscota	species
taxon rank	Leucosporidium frigidum is a species of yeast that belongs to the genus of fungi Leucosporidium, and the family Leucosporidiaceae.	Leucosporidium frigidum	species
taxon rank	Trimma nasa, commonly called the nasal dwarfgoby or nasal pygmy goby, is a species of goby from the Western Pacific.	Trimma nasa	species
taxon rank	Mangelia costulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Mangelia costulata	species
taxon rank	Dermestidae are a family of Coleoptera that are commonly referred to as skin beetles.	Dermestidae	family
taxon rank	Crassinella lunulata, or the lunate crassinella, is a species of very small bivalve mollusc in the family Crassatellidae.	Crassinella lunulata	species
taxon rank	Leavenworthia torulosa (necklace gladecress) is a species of plant in the mustard family.	Leavenworthia torulosa	species
taxon rank	Goeldia obscura is a spider species from Colombia and Peru.	Goeldia obscura	species
taxon rank	Odostomia quadrae is a species of sea snail.	Odostomia quadrae	species
taxon rank	Hoita orbicularis is a species of legume known by the common name roundleaf leather-root.	Hoita orbicularis	species
taxon rank	The Chrysomeloidea are an enormous superfamily of beetles, with tens of thousands of species, mostly in the families Cerambycidae (the long-horned beetles) and Chrysomelidae, the leaf beetles.	Chrysomeloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Pistacia cucphuongensis is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.	Pistacia cucphuongensis	species
taxon rank	Paramurosternum pictum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paramurosternum.	Paramurosternum pictum	species
taxon rank	The white sardinella, (Sardinella albella), also known as Deep-bodied sardine, Perforated-scale sardine or Short-bodied sardine, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella.	Sardinella albella	species
taxon rank	Bursina nobilis, common name the noble frog shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae, the frog shells.	Bursina nobilis	species
taxon rank	Retimohnia caelata, common name : the plump whelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Retimohnia caelata	species
taxon rank	Sepia limata is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean, specifically southern Queensland to New South Wales, Australia (26°30′S 153°44′E to 34°40′S 150°51′E).	Sepia limata	species
taxon rank	Spiraea nipponica is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae, native to Japan.	Spiraea nipponica	species
taxon rank	Hymenoxys cooperi is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Cooper's rubberweed.	Hymenoxys cooperi	species
taxon rank	Cirrhinus rubirostris is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Tenasserim River basin in southeastern Myanmar.	Cirrhinus rubirostris	species
taxon rank	Anetia is a Neotropical genus of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Anetia	genus
taxon rank	Eulithidium bellum, common name the shouldered pheasant shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.	Eulithidium bellum	species
taxon rank	Tylomelania perfecta is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.	Tylomelania perfecta	species
taxon rank	Licuala is a genus of palms commonly found in tropical rainforests of southern China, Southeast Asia, the Himalayas, New Guinea and the western Pacific Ocean islands.	Licuala	genus
taxon rank	Thouvenotiana ichneumona is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Thouvenotiana.	Thouvenotiana	species
taxon rank	The Chinese stripe-necked turtle (Ocadia sinensis) or golden thread turtle, is a species of turtle in the Geoemydidae family.	Chinese stripe-necked turtle	species
taxon rank	Galesauridae is a family of Therapsid reptiles.	Galesauridae	family
taxon rank	Physaria kingii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name King bladderpod.	Physaria kingii	species
taxon rank	Gastrolobium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae.	Gastrolobium	genus
taxon rank	Froelichia juncea is a plant species native to the Galápagos Islands of Ecuador.	Froelichia juncea	species
taxon rank	Metacarcinus is a genus of crabs formerly included in the genus Cancer.	Metacarcinus	genus
taxon rank	Striatanaesthetis lineatipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Striatanaesthetis.	Striatanaesthetis lineatipennis	species
taxon rank	Triteleia dudleyi is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Dudley's triteleia.	Triteleia dudleyi	species
taxon rank	Epilobium leptophyllum is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names bog willowherb and linear-leaved willowherb.	Epilobium leptophyllum	species
taxon rank	Hemicyclaspis (meaning half-round shield or semicircle plate) is an extinct genus of primitive jawless fish, closely related to Cephalaspis, that lived in the Devonian period in what is now Europe and North America.	Hemicyclaspis	genus
taxon rank	Libys is a genus of the prehistoric coelacanth lobe-finned fish, an intermediary form between sea and land animals.	Libys	genus
taxon rank	Silvetia is a genus of brown algae, commonly known as Rockweed, found in the intertidal zone of rocky seashores of the Pacific Ocean.	Silvetia	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus shevockii is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names Little Kern milkvetch and Shevock's milkvetch.	Astragalus shevockii	species
taxon rank	Protea roupelliae is a species of protea in the large family of Proteaceae, and was named to commemorate Arabella Elizabeth Roupell (1817-1914) who spent two years in Cape Town and painted local flowers for her own pleasure.	Protea roupelliae	species
taxon rank	Bonetto's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys bonettoi) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Bonetto's tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Arabibarbus arabicus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Arabibarbus.	Arabibarbus arabicus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea fadenii is a species of tree fern endemic to the Uluguru Mountains in Tanzania, where it grows on exposed ridges and on the upper edge of montane forest at an altitude of 1700-2100 m. The trunk is erect, up to 4 m tall and 3-5 cm in diameter.	Cyathea fadenii	species
taxon rank	Mohnia parva is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, which is the true whelks.	Mohnia parva	species
taxon rank	Acer fabri (Faber's maple) is a species of evergreen maple shrub native to Vietnam and central to southern China (Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hainan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Yunnan).	Acer fabri	species
taxon rank	Neosalangichthys ishikawae is a species of icefish endemic to Japan.	Neosalangichthys ishikawae	species
taxon rank	Axonopus fissifolius is a grass species which is often used as permanent pasture.	Axonopus fissifolius	species
taxon rank	Echinelops is an extinct genus of elopiform ray-finned fish known from the Early Oligocene of Eastern Anatolia, Turkey.	Echinelops	genus
taxon rank	Lepidogma rufescens is a species of snout moth in the genus Lepidogma.	Lepidogma rufescens	species
taxon rank	Drymocallis is a genus of plants formerly (and sometimes still) included with the typical cinquefoils (Potentilla).	Drymocallis	genus
taxon rank	Lactarius resimus is a species of mushrooms in the genus Lactarius, which is considered a delicacy in Russia and some other countries of Eastern Europe when pickled in salt.	Lactarius resimus	species
taxon rank	Isoetes riparia (shore quillwort) is a species of quillwort in the Isoetaceae family.	Isoetes riparia	species
taxon rank	Psophus stridulus, commonly known as the rattle grasshopper, is a species of grasshopper of the family Acrididae.	Psophus stridulus	species
taxon rank	Koremaguia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing only one species, Koremaguia alticola, which is found in India (the Andaman Islands).	Koremaguia	genus
taxon rank	Galium rubrum is a plant species in the Rubiaceae.	Galium rubrum	species
taxon rank	Rosa stellata is a species of rose known by the common names desert rose, gooseberry rose, and star rose.	Rosa stellata	species
taxon rank	Actinella laciniosa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hariry snails and their allies.	Actinella laciniosa	species
taxon rank	The Yunnan hare (Lepus comus) is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae.	Yunnan hare	species
taxon rank	Castorocauda is a genus of small, semi-aquatic mammal relatives living in the Jurassic period, around 164 million years ago, found in lakebed sediments of the Daohugou Beds of Inner Mongolia.	Castorocauda	genus
taxon rank	Formotosena seebohmi is a cicada species from Taiwan,China, Vietnam and Japan.	Formotosena seebohmi	species
taxon rank	Xylota is a genus of hoverflies similar in structure to the related genera Chalcosyrphus and Brachypalpoides.	Xylota	genus
taxon rank	Halichoeres richmondi, commonly called the Richmond's wrasse or chain-lined wrasse, is a fish species in the wrasse family native from the central Indo-Pacific.	Halichoeres richmondi	species
taxon rank	Eulophia is a genus of approximately 165 species of orchids.	Eulophia	genus
taxon rank	The family Rhamphorhynchidae was named in 1870 by Harry Govier Seeley.	Rhamphorhynchidae	family
taxon rank	The Caryophylliidae are a family of stony corals found from the tropics to temperate seas, and from shallow to very deep water.	Caryophylliidae	family
taxon rank	The pygmy falcons, Polihierax, are a genus of bird of prey in the Falconidae family.	Polihierax	genus
taxon rank	Psilocybe subcaerulipes (commonly known as Hikageshibiretake in Japanese) is a species of fungus in the family Strophariaceae.	Psilocybe subcaerulipes	species
taxon rank	Carabus obsoletus nagyagensis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily, that is endemic to Romania.	Carabus obsoletus nagyagensis	subspecies
taxon rank	Penicillium tricolor is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from wheat in Canada.	Penicillium tricolor	species
taxon rank	Knema attenuata is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family.	Knema attenuata	species
taxon rank	Donacia thalassina is a species of leaf beetle of the subfamily Donaciinae.	Donacia thalassina	species
taxon rank	Mastax thermarum is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in Asia and Europe.	Mastax thermarum	species
taxon rank	Euglossa bazinga is a euglossine bee species found in Brazil.	Euglossa bazinga	species
taxon rank	The genus Sylvia is now restricted to Old World species of the family Sylviidae, unrelated to species such as the Nashville warbler, that are classified in the New World warbler family Parulidae.	Nashville warbler	species
taxon rank	Echaristha pictipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Echaristha.	Echaristha pictipennis	species
taxon rank	The Evorsk vole (Microtus evoronensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Evorsk vole	species
taxon rank	Psylloidea is a superfamily of true bugs, including the jumping plant lice and others which have recently been classified as distinct families.	Psylloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Dracula wallisii is a species of orchid belonging to the genus Dracula.	Dracula wallisii	species
taxon rank	Camissoniopsis bistorta is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names southern suncup and California suncup.	Camissoniopsis bistorta	species
taxon rank	Paramantis nyassana is a species of praying mantis in genus Paramantis.	Paramantis nyassana	species
taxon rank	The genus Buginbaatar was named by Kielan-Jaworowska Z. and Sochava A.V. in 1969 based on the remains of a single species.	Buginbaatar	species
taxon rank	Turtur is a small genus of doves native to Sub-Saharan Africa.	Turtur	genus
taxon rank	Achyranthes mutica (also called blunt chaff flower) is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family.	Achyranthes mutica	species
taxon rank	Rhadine persephone is a rare species of beetle known by the common name Tooth Cave ground beetle.	Rhadine persephone	species
taxon rank	Aetoxylon is a single species genus (monotypic) of trees only found (endemic) in Borneo, of the flowering plant family Thymelaeaceae.	Aetoxylon	species
taxon rank	Goetzea elegans (also called beautiful goetzea, mata buey, or matabuey) is a species of plant in the Solanaceae or nightshade family of flowering plants.	Goetzea elegans	species
taxon rank	Platymantis diesmosi is a species of frog that was first described by Brown and Gonzalez in 2007.	Platymantis diesmosi	species
taxon rank	Dyticonastis is an extinct genus of amphisbaenian or worm lizard that includes a single species, Dyticonastis rensbergeri, that lived during the late Oligocene and early Miocene in what is now Oregon.	Dyticonastis	genus
taxon rank	Cyathea aneitensis is a species of tree fern native to Vanuatu and possibly New Caledonia.	Cyathea aneitensis	species
taxon rank	Physaria tumulosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Kodachrome bladderpod.	Physaria tumulosa	species
taxon rank	The Benguet bush warbler (Locustella seebohmi) is a songbird species.	Benguet bush warbler	species
taxon rank	Denaeaspis is an extinct genus of tortoise beetle in the family Chrysomelidae and containing a single species Denaeaspis chelonopsis.	Denaeaspis	genus
taxon rank	Propliopithecus is an extinct genus of primate.	Propliopithecus	genus
taxon rank	Thermoanaerobacter italicusis a species of thermophilic, anaerobic, sporeformingbacteria.	Thermoanaerobacter italicus	species
taxon rank	Carinaria cristata, commonly known as the glassy nautilus, is a species of pelagic marine gastropod mollusc in the family Carinariidae.	Carinaria cristata	species
taxon rank	Malacothamnus (bush mallow) is a genus of malvaceous plants native to California, and related to the Iliamnas of the US interior and the Phymosias of Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean.	Malacothamnus	genus
taxon rank	Placochelys ('flat-plate turtle``) is an extinct genus of placodont reptiles.	Placochelys	genus
taxon rank	Flabellipecten flabelliformis is an extinct species of large scallops or saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.	Flabellipecten flabelliformis	species
taxon rank	Calochortus weedii is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family known by the common name Weed's mariposa lily.	Calochortus weedii	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Aganonerion polymorphum, native to Indochina (Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam).	Aganonerion	species
taxon rank	Frasera speciosa is a species of flowering plant in the Gentian Family (Gentianaceae) known by the common names elkweed, deer's ears, and monument plant.	Frasera speciosa	species
taxon rank	Alphasphaerolipovirus is a proposed genus of double stranded DNA viruses that infect haloarchaea.	Alphasphaerolipovirus	genus
taxon rank	Tarchonanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the mutisia tribe daisy family.	Tarchonanthus	genus
taxon rank	Conus archon, common name the magistrate cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus archon	species
taxon rank	Diploconger polystigmatus, or the headband conger, is a species of eel in the family Congridae.	Diploconger polystigmatus	species
taxon rank	Bacillus atticus atticus is a species of phasmid or ``walking stick'' with recorded specimens in Greece, Italy, Croatia and Israel.	Bacillus atticus atticus	species
taxon rank	Megistotherium (from Greek, megistos ``greatest'' + therion ``beast'' and osteon 'bone' + thlaston 'crushed, bruised' with -es being an agent noun: 'bone-crusher') is an extinct genus of hyaenodontid, the only known species of which is Megistotherium osteothlastes.	Megistotherium	genus
taxon rank	Diasybra ochreobasalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Diasybra.	Diasybra ochreobasalis	species
taxon rank	Oxyaena (``Sharp'' or ``Drawn-out'' + hyena) is an extinct genus of oxyaenid mammal from the latest Paleocene to early Eocene of North America (most specimens being found in Colorado).	Oxyaena	genus
taxon rank	Conus anningae is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus anningae	species
taxon rank	Hemarthria is a genus of herbaceous plants in the grass family.	Hemarthria	genus
taxon rank	Columbinia elegans is a left-handed, air-breathing land snail species in the genus Columbinia.	Columbinia elegans	species
taxon rank	Gryllomorpha dalmatina is a species of cricket belonging to the family Gryllidae subfamily Gryllomorphinae.	Gryllomorpha dalmatina	species
taxon rank	The Usambara akalat (Sheppardia montana), also known as the Usambara alethe or Usambara robin-chat, is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Usambara akalat	species
taxon rank	Theskelomensor creon is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Theskelomensor creon	species
taxon rank	Orectochilus orbisonorum is a species of whirligig beetle named in honor of Roy and Barbara Orbison.	Orectochilus orbisonorum	species
taxon rank	Lilium kelleyanum is a California species of lily known by the common name Kelley's lily.	Lilium kelleyanum	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Paurocotylis pila, a truffle-like fungus found in Europe and New Zealand.	Paurocotylis	species
taxon rank	Oxygaster is a genus of cyprinid fishes found in Southeast Asia.	Oxygaster	genus
taxon rank	Anelosimus guacamayos is a species of social cobweb spider that occurs in the lower Ecuadorian sierra.	Anelosimus guacamayos	species
taxon rank	Atherinosoma is a genus of silversides.	Atherinosoma	genus
taxon rank	Diplopora is a genus of marine dasycladacean algae in the family Diploporaceae.	Diplopora	genus
taxon rank	The Puerto Rican tanager eats palm fruits, ants and species from the Cecropia genus.	Puerto Rican tanager	species
taxon rank	Rhabdoblennius rhabdotrachelus, the Barchin blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Pacific ocean.	Rhabdoblennius rhabdotrachelus	species
taxon rank	Turbinella pyrum, common names the chank shell, sacred chank or chank, also known as the divine conch, sometimes referred to simply as a conch, is a species of very large sea snail with a gill and an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.	Turbinella pyrum	species
taxon rank	Selenosteidae is a family of small to large-sized arthrodire placoderms from the Late Devonian.	Selenosteidae	family
taxon rank	Cnidospora is a defunct subphylum of microscopic spore-forming parasites in the defunct phylum Protozoa.	Cnidospora	subphylum
taxon rank	Desmoscolecida is an order of marine nematodes.	Desmoscolecida	order
taxon rank	Xysmalobium is a genus of the botanical family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1810.	Xysmalobium	genus
taxon rank	Jasminum humile, the Italian jasmine or yellow jasmine, is a species of flowering plant in the Oleaceae family, native to Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Pakistan, Nepal, Burma (Myanmar), the Himalayas and south west China (Gansu, Guizhou, Sichuan, Xizang (Tibet), Yunnan).	Jasminum humile	species
taxon rank	Pyrgacris descampsi is a species of insect, belonging to the family of Pyrgacrididae.	Pyrgacris descampsi	species
taxon rank	Orsonwelles torosus is a species of linyphiid spider endemic to Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.	Orsonwelles torosus	species
taxon rank	Tanea zelandica, common name the necklace shell or the New Zealand Moon Snail, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the Family Naticidae, the moon snails or necklace shells.	Tanea zelandica	species
taxon rank	Echinops ritro (southern globethistle) is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family, native to southern and eastern Europe (from Spain east to Turkey, Ukraine, and Belarus), and western Asia.	Echinops ritro	species
taxon rank	Setaria barbata, with common names bristly foxtail grass, corn grass, Mary grass, and East Indian bristlegrass, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family native to tropical Africa and tropical Asia.	Setaria barbata	species
taxon rank	Tacca chantrieri, the black bat flower, is a species of flowering plant in the yam family Dioscoreaceae.	Tacca chantrieri	species
taxon rank	Dysderina is a genus of goblin spider	Dysderina	genus
taxon rank	Brickellia rusbyi (stinking brickellbush) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia rusbyi	species
taxon rank	Pycnanthus angolensis is a species of tree in the nutmeg family, Myristicaceae.	Pycnanthus angolensis	species
taxon rank	Consolea is a genus of cacti, named after Italian botanist Michelangelo Console.	Consolea	genus
taxon rank	Tuleariocaris neglecta is a species of saltwater shrimp found in the Maldives that was first described in 1969.	Tuleariocaris neglecta	species
taxon rank	Lufengpithecus keiyuanensis is a prehistoric species of orangutan from the Late Miocene to the Pliocene of China.	Lufengpithecus keiyuanensis	species
taxon rank	Rosopsida (Batsch, 1788) is a botanical name for a group of flowering plants recognized at the rank of class.	Rosopsida	class
taxon rank	Exelastis dowi is a species of moth in the genus Exelastis, known from the Bahamas, Belize and Florida.	Exelastis dowi	species
taxon rank	Conus balteatus, common name the Mauritian cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus balteatus	species
taxon rank	Leptopoecile is a genus of bird in the long-tailed tit family Aegithalidae.	Leptopoecile	genus
taxon rank	The type and only species, Cherminotus longifrons, was named in 1984.	Cherminotus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Lindauella pyrenocarpoidea.	Lindauella	species
taxon rank	Drupa clathrata, common name : the clathrate drupe, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Drupa clathrata	species
taxon rank	Copaxa lavendera is a species of moth in the family Saturniidae.	Copaxa lavendera	species
taxon rank	The Santa Lucia Mountains slender salamander (Batrachoseps luciae) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.	Santa Lucia Mountains slender salamander	species
taxon rank	Arcantiodelphys is an extinct genus of basal Metatheria which existed in France during the Cenomanian age.	Arcantiodelphys	genus
taxon rank	Widdringtonia nodiflora (mountain cypress) is a species of Widdringtonia native to Southern Africa.	Widdringtonia nodiflora	species
taxon rank	Gonodactylaceus, is a genus of mantis shrimp.	Gonodactylaceus	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces humiferus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil near Moscow in Russia.	Streptomyces humiferus	species
taxon rank	Entamoebidae is a family of Archamoebae.	Entamoebidae	family
taxon rank	Species There is only one accepted species, Schizoptera peduncularis, native to Peru and Ecuador.	Schizoptera	species
taxon rank	It contains a single species, the Prickly Skink, (Gnypetoscincus queenslandiae).	Gnypetoscincus	species
taxon rank	Gymnadenia rhellicani is a European species of orchid.	Gymnadenia rhellicani	species
taxon rank	Parachromis dovii, the Guapote, is a species of cichlid native to Central America where it occurs on both slopes of Honduras, Nicaragua and Costa Rica.	Parachromis dovii	species
taxon rank	Palaeobalistum goedeli is an extinct species of prehistoric bony fish lived during the Cretaceous period.	Palaeobalistum goedeli	species
taxon rank	Coryphaenoides leptolepis, the Ghostly grenadier, is a species of rattail found in the northern Atlantic and Pacific Oceans at depths of 610 to 4,000 metres (2,000 to 13,120 ft).	Coryphaenoides leptolepis	species
taxon rank	Exocarpos sparteus is an Australian endemic plant species, commonly known as the broom ballart, slender cherry, or native cherry.	Exocarpos sparteus	species
taxon rank	Sandalops melancholicus, the sandal-eyed squid, is a species of glass squid.	Sandalops melancholicus	species
taxon rank	Pedinoida is an order of sea urchins, containing the single living genus Caenopedina.	Pedinoida	order
taxon rank	Urocordylinae is an extinct subfamily of lepospondyl amphibians that includes several small newt-like species with short skulls and elongated, flattened tails.	Urocordylinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Pritchardiopsis jeanneneyi is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family, and the only species in the genus Pritchardiopsis.	Pritchardiopsis	species
taxon rank	Leptomys arfakensis is a species of rodent in the family of Muridae	Leptomys arfakensis	species
taxon rank	Placodermi (from the Greek πλάξ = plate and δέρμα = skin, literally ``plate-skinned'') is an extinct class of armoured prehistoric fish, known from fossils, which lived from the Silurian to the end of the Devonian Period.	Placodermi	class
taxon rank	Priolepis cincta, commonly known as the Girdled goby is a species of goby fish described by Regan in 1908.	Priolepis cincta	species
taxon rank	Butis is a genus of sleeper gobies found in fresh, brackish, and marine waters from the Indian Ocean coast of Africa through Southeast Asia to the Pacific islands and Australia.	Butis	genus
taxon rank	Sasaella is a genus of Japanese bamboo in the grass family.	Sasaella	genus
taxon rank	Verbena californica is a rare species of verbena known by the common names California vervain and Red Hills vervain.	Verbena californica	species
taxon rank	Ehrlichia canis is an obligate, intracellular bacterium that acts as the causative agent of Ehrlichiosis, a disease most commonly affecting canine species.	Ehrlichia canis	species
taxon rank	Elaeis guineensis is a species of palm commonly called African oil palm or macaw-fat.	Elaeis guineensis	species
taxon rank	Discothyrea antarctica is a species of ant in the genus Discothyrea, endemic to New Zealand.	Discothyrea antarctica	species
taxon rank	Lupinus tidestromii, Tidestrom's lupine, is a rare species of lupine known by the common names clover lupine and Tidestrøm's lupine.	Lupinus tidestromii	species
taxon rank	Malapterurus tanganyikaensis is a species of electric catfish native to Lake Tanganyika where it occurs in the bordering nations of Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania and Zambia.	Malapterurus tanganyikaensis	species
taxon rank	Hypsolebias magnificus is a species of rivuline fish native the Middle São Francisco River basin in Brazil.	Hypsolebias magnificus	species
taxon rank	Strombocactus disciformis is a rare species of cacti and the only species of the genus Strombocactus.	Strombocactus	species
taxon rank	Pseudomoraria triglavensis is a species of copepod in the family Canthocamptidae.	Pseudomoraria	species
taxon rank	Drynaria roosii, commonly known as Gu-Sui-Bu, is a species of basket fern of the family Polypodiaceae.	Drynaria roosii	species
taxon rank	Musca vetustissima, commonly known as the Australian bush fly, is a species of fly found in Australia.	Musca vetustissima	species
taxon rank	Physeteroidea is a superfamily that, today, includes three extant species of whales; the sperm whale, in the genus Physeter, and the pygmy sperm whale and dwarf sperm whale, in the genus Kogia.	Physeteroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Pereskiopsis (from Greek -opsis, ``looking'', because of its resemblance with the genus Pereskia) is a genus of cacti (family Cactaceae).	Pereskiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Sorindeia is a genus of some three dozen plant species that are native to tropical Africa, Madagascar, the Comoro Islands and Mascarene Islands.	Sorindeia	genus
taxon rank	Dodonaea petiolaris is a shrub species in the genus Dodonaea found in Australia.	Dodonaea petiolaris	species
taxon rank	Craugastor augusti is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family found in Mexico and the southern United States.	Craugastor augusti	species
taxon rank	Gabrielona is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Phasianellidae.	Gabrielona	genus
taxon rank	Amphiodon effusus is a species of legume in the subfamily Faboideae.	Amphiodon	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Setiarcha aleuropis, which is found in Brazil.	Setiarcha	species
taxon rank	Porangonycha princeps is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Porangonycha.	Porangonycha princeps	species
taxon rank	Eucephalus paucicapitatus is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Olympic Mountain aster.	Eucephalus paucicapitatus	species
taxon rank	Holcostethus albipes is a species of shield bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae, subfamily Pentatominae.	Holcostethus albipes	species
taxon rank	Avicularia affinis is a species of spider belonging to the family Theraphosidae (tarantulas).	Avicularia affinis	species
taxon rank	Aenictus is a large army ant genus distributed in the Old World tropics and subtropics.	Aenictus	genus
taxon rank	A single species, Zhangheotherium quinquecuspidens, is known.	Zhangheotherium	species
taxon rank	Capelatus prykei is a species of diving beetle found on tha Cape Peninsula, close to Cape town South Africa.	Capelatus prykei	species
taxon rank	Dendropsophus nanus (common name: dwarf treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Dendropsophus nanus	species
taxon rank	Trichoserixia rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichoserixia.	Trichoserixia rondoni	species
taxon rank	Allagopappus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1828.	Allagopappus	genus
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos rubra is a species of flowering plant in the heath family and the genus Arctostaphylos, the manzanitas and bearberries.	Arctostaphylos rubra	species
taxon rank	Cheilomenes is an Old World genus of ladybirds in the family Coccinellidae.	Cheilomenes	genus
taxon rank	Crocidopoma is a genus of land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Neocyclotidae.	Crocidopoma	genus
taxon rank	Agrilus hyperici is a species of jewel beetle known by the common name St. John's wort root borer.	Agrilus hyperici	species
taxon rank	Nicrophorus interruptus is a species of burying beetles or sexton beetles belonging to the family Silphidae subfamily Nicrophorinae.	Nicrophorus interruptus	species
taxon rank	Erosaria ocellata, common name the ocellate cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erosaria ocellata	species
taxon rank	Braya thorild-wulffii, the Greenland northern rockcress, is a plant species native to Greenland, Nunavut the Canadian Northwest Territories, and from the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug of eastern Russia.	Braya thorild-wulffii	species
taxon rank	Sedum ochroleucum, the European stonecrop, is a species of Sedum, native to Europe and Turkey.	Sedum ochroleucum	species
taxon rank	Parobereopsis nigrosternalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parobereopsis.	Parobereopsis nigrosternalis	species
taxon rank	Catascopia terebra (Westerlund, 1885) (formerly known as Catascopia occulta) is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae, the pond snails.	Catascopia terebra	species
taxon rank	Tachina actinosa is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to the US state of Oregon.	Tachina actinosa	species
taxon rank	It is thought that black rats inadvertently introduced by the expedition infected the Maclear's rats with a disease (possibly a trypanosome), which in turn may have contributed to the species decline.	Maclear's rat	species
taxon rank	Rivularia is a genus of cyanobacteria of the familia Rivulariaceae.	Rivularia	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Poculopsis ogrensis.	Poculopsis	species
taxon rank	Euparkeria (/juːˌpɑrkəˈriːə/; meaning ``Parker's good animal'', named in honor of W.K. Parker) is an extinct genus of archosauriform from the Middle Triassic of South Africa.	Euparkeria	genus
taxon rank	Pachliopta oreon is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae.	Pachliopta oreon	species
taxon rank	Lewisia is a plant genus, named for Meriwether Lewis who encountered the species in 1806.	Lewisia	genus
taxon rank	Caecum pulchellum, common name the beautiful caecum, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.	Caecum pulchellum	species
taxon rank	Trichoprosoplus demarzi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichoprosoplus.	Trichoprosoplus demarzi	species
taxon rank	Corchorus walcottii, commonly known as woolly corchorus, is a shrub species in the family Malvaceae.	Corchorus walcottii	species
taxon rank	Papilio hoppo is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found only in Taiwan.	Papilio hoppo	species
taxon rank	The Formosan sika deer, (Chinese: 台灣梅花鹿; pinyin: Táiwān méihuālù; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tâi-oân hoe-lo̍k), is a subspecies of sika deer endemic to the island of Taiwan.	Formosan sika deer	subspecies
taxon rank	The False Puffball, Enteridium lycoperdon, is one of the more obvious species of slime mould or Myxogastria, typically seen in its reproductive phase as a white 'swelling' on standing dead trees in the spring, or on large pieces of fallen wood.	Enteridium lycoperdon	species
taxon rank	Andreaea depressinervis is a species of moss that lives in South America and Antarctica.	Andreaea depressinervis	species
taxon rank	Micropterix schaefferi is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1975.	Micropterix schaefferi	species
taxon rank	Lobelia tupa (Tupa, Tabaco del diablo) is a species of Lobelia native to central Chile from Valparaíso south to Los Lagos regions.	Lobelia tupa	species
taxon rank	Oonops procerus is a spider species found in France and Spain.	Oonops procerus	species
taxon rank	Breviparopus (ichnotype B. taghbaloutensis) is the name given to an ichnogenus of dinosaur, having been made by an unknown genus of sauropod.	Breviparopus	genus
taxon rank	The green carab beetle or saffron beetle (Calosoma schayeri) is a species of Carabidae that occurs in Australia.	Calosoma schayeri	species
taxon rank	Mayna pubescens is a species of flowering plant in the Achariaceae family that is endemic to Colombia.	Mayna pubescens	species
taxon rank	Greslania is a genus of shrubby bamboo in the grass family, endemic to New Caledonia.	Greslania	genus
taxon rank	Stanhopeinae is a subtribe of plants in the orchid family.	Stanhopeinae	subtribe
taxon rank	Thaumatoneura inopinata is a highly distinctive species, making up a monotypic genus (Thaumatoneura) and subfamily (Thaumatoneurinae).	Thaumatoneura inopinata	genus
taxon rank	Kanuites is an extinct genus of viverrid native to Africa.	Kanuites	genus
taxon rank	Sphodromantis tenuidentata, common name Tanzanian mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania.	Sphodromantis tenuidentata	species
taxon rank	Comarostaphylis arbutoides is a species of shrub in the heath family.	Comarostaphylis arbutoides	species
taxon rank	Serranochromis janus is a species of cichlid endemic to the Malagarazi River in Tanzania preferring areas with plentiful vegetation and slow currents.	Serranochromis janus	species
taxon rank	Their scientific name, Diporiphora winneckei, suggests they have two visible pores, however the pores are not visible on this species.	Diporiphora winneckei	species
taxon rank	Lethrinops christyi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the southern part of the lake.	Lethrinops christyi	species
taxon rank	The Cichlasomatinae are a subfamily of cichlid fishes, including all ciclids native to islands in the Caribbean (Cuba and Hispaniola), USA (southern Texas), Mexico and Central America, and many of the cichlids from South America (the other South American subfamilies are Astronotinae, Cichlinae, Geophaginae, and Retroculinae).	Cichlasomatinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Clappia is a genus of small freshwater snails that have an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Lithoglyphidae.	Clappia	genus
taxon rank	Mutinus ravenelii is a species of fungus that is often confused with M. elegans and M. caninus.	Mutinus ravenelii	species
taxon rank	Xanthoria elegans, commonly known as the elegant sunburst lichen, is a lichenized species of fungus in the genus Xanthoria, family Teloschistaceae.	Xanthoria elegans	species
taxon rank	Crinum asiaticum (poison bulb, giant crinum lily, grand crinum lily, spider lily) is a plant species widely planted in many warmer regions as an ornamental.	Crinum asiaticum	species
taxon rank	Corbicula is a genus of freshwater and brackish water clams, aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Cyrenidae, the basket clams.	Corbicula	genus
taxon rank	Pimenta racemosa is a species of plant in the myrtle family (Myrtaceae) that is native to the Caribbean region.	Pimenta racemosa	species
taxon rank	Eriocaulon parkeri is a species of flowering plant in the pipewort family known by the common names Parker's pipewort and estuary pipewort.	Eriocaulon parkeri	species
taxon rank	Rhus kearneyi is a species of flowering plant in the cashew family known by the common name Kearney's sumac.	Rhus kearneyi	species
taxon rank	Abludomelita is a genus of amphipod crustacean.	Abludomelita	genus
taxon rank	The Leptanthuridae are a family of isopod crustaceans, containing the following genera:	Leptanthuridae	family
taxon rank	Erigeron garrettii is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Garrett's fleabane.	Erigeron garrettii	species
taxon rank	Heteronychus arator (hetero+onychus = 'variable claw', arator = 'ploughman') is a species of beetle in the subfamily Dynastinae (the rhinoceros beetles).	Heteronychus arator	species
taxon rank	Serinus is a genus of small birds in the finch family Fringillidae found in Europe and Africa.	Serinus	genus
taxon rank	Pestalotiopsis microspora is a species of endophytic fungus capable of breaking down and digesting polyurethane.	Pestalotiopsis microspora	species
taxon rank	Parkia balslevii is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Ecuador.	Parkia balslevii	species
taxon rank	Eunidiopsis bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Eunidiopsis.	Eunidiopsis bicolor	species
taxon rank	Bean calico mosaic virus (BCaMV or BCMoV) is a plant virus transmitted by whiteflies that infects bean genera and species within the families Fabaceae, Malvaceae, and Solanaceae.	Bean calico mosaic virus	species
taxon rank	Tropidoptera heliciformis is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amastridae.	Tropidoptera heliciformis	species
taxon rank	Pseudevernia furfuracea, commonly known as tree moss, is a lichenized species of fungus that grows on the bark of firs and pines.	Pseudevernia furfuracea	species
taxon rank	Acacia tumida, known colloquially as pindan wattle, is a species of Acacia native to northern and western Australia.	Acacia tumida	species
taxon rank	Chilorhinophis carpenteri, or the Liwale two-headed snake, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Chilorhinophis carpenteri	species
taxon rank	Enneapterygius cheni is a species of threefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Enneapterygius cheni	species
taxon rank	Porites nodifera, also known as Dome Coral, is a species of stony coral in the Poritidae family.	Porites nodifera	species
taxon rank	Acromantis hesione, common name Burmese mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in China and the Philippines.	Acromantis hesione	species
taxon rank	The Maleae (incorrectly Pyreae) are the apple tribe in the rose family, Rosaceae.	Maleae	tribe
taxon rank	Rhacophorus tunkui is a disputed species of frog in the moss frog family (Rhacophoridae).	Rhacophorus tunkui	species
taxon rank	Protonaegleria is an amoeboid genus.	Protonaegleria	genus
taxon rank	The Vesperidae are a small family of beetles, normally classified within the family Cerambycidae, of heterogeneous aspect but all characterised by larval stages related to roots of herbaceous plants or trees	Vesperidae	family
taxon rank	Dryolestida is an extinct order of mammals; most of the members are mostly known from the Jurassic to Paleogene, with one member, Necrolestes, surviving as late as early Miocene.	Dryolestida	order
taxon rank	Austrostipa flavescens, commonly known as Coast Spear-grass, is a species of plant in the true grass family.	Austrostipa flavescens	species
taxon rank	Stylospania is a genus of snipe fly of the family Rhagionidae.	Stylospania	genus
taxon rank	The Pink Fairy Orchid (Caladenia latifolia) is species of orchid found across southern Australia.	Caladenia latifolia	species
taxon rank	Perplexicervix is a genus of bird appearing in the eleventh Mammal-Paleogene zone of Hessen, Germany.	Perplexicervix	genus
taxon rank	Nama californicum is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name California fiddleleaf.	Nama californicum	species
taxon rank	Acracona is a genus of snout moths in the subfamily Galleriinae.	Acracona	genus
taxon rank	Neosalanx tangkahkeii, the Chinese icefish, is a species of icefish endemic to China.	Neosalanx tangkahkeii	species
taxon rank	Malus fusca, with the common names Oregon crabapple and Pacific crabapple, is a North American species of crabapple.	Malus fusca	species
taxon rank	Pecten albicans, common name Japanese baking scallop, is a species of marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.	Pecten albicans	species
taxon rank	Macropygia is a genus of bird in the pigeon and dove family Columbidae.	Macropygia	genus
taxon rank	Mesogyrus is an extinct genus of fossil beetles in the family Gyrinidae, containing the following species:	Mesogyrus	genus
taxon rank	Hymenoxys vaseyi is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Vasey's rubberweed.	Hymenoxys vaseyi	species
taxon rank	Tenodera fasciata is a species of mantis in the subfamily Mantinae of the family Mantidae.	Tenodera fasciata	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria purdyi, known by the common name Purdy's fritillary, is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family.	Fritillaria purdyi	species
taxon rank	Lecanites is a ceratitid genus assigned to the Danubitaceae, with an essentially smooth, evolote, discoidal shell and a goniatitic suture with many elements.	Lecanites	genus
taxon rank	Epedanidae is a family of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with about 200 described species.	Epedanidae	family
taxon rank	Nassarius globosus, common name the globose nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius globosus	species
taxon rank	The Chilean tree iguana, Liolaemus chiliensis, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus chiliensis	species
taxon rank	Psammogobius is a genus of gobies native to the Atlantic coast of South Africa through the Indian Ocean to the western Pacific Ocean.	Psammogobius	genus
taxon rank	Allocnemis leucosticta, the goldtail, is a species of damselfly in the family Platycnemididae.	Allocnemis leucosticta	species
taxon rank	Austroclupea is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Pliocene epoch.	Austroclupea	genus
taxon rank	Rhinella poeppigii (commmon name: gray toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is known from the eastern Andean slopes of Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia, as well as from Serranía de Sira in Amazonian Peru.	Rhinella poeppigii	species
taxon rank	Jordanoleiopus bifuscoplagiatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the long-horned beetle.	Jordanoleiopus bifuscoplagiatus	species
taxon rank	Haemophilus paraphrophilus is a species of Haemophilus.	Haemophilus paraphrophilus	species
taxon rank	Missulena insignis, commonly known as the lesser red-headed mouse spider, is a species of spider belonging to the family Actinopodidae native to Australia.	Missulena insignis	species
taxon rank	Parsonsia is a genus of woody vines of the dogbane family, Apocynaceae.	Parsonsia	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Sivanesaniella prunicola.	Sivanesaniella	species
taxon rank	Ingerana tenasserimensis (common names: Tenasserim eastern frog, pale-headed frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Ingerana tenasserimensis	species
taxon rank	Spondias purpurea is a species in flowering plant in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae, that is native to tropical regions of the Americas.	Spondias purpurea	species
taxon rank	Schistura reidi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.	Schistura reidi	species
taxon rank	The Stenophlebiidae is an extinct family of medium-sized to large fossil odonates from the Upper Jurassic and Lower Cretaceous period that belongs to the damsel-dragonfly grade (``anisozygopteres'') within the stem group of Anisoptera.	Stenophlebiidae	family
taxon rank	Tillandsia cyanea (common name pink quill) is a species of flowering plant in the bromeliad family, native to the rainforests of Ecuador.	Tillandsia cyanea	species
taxon rank	Exoglossum laurae (common name tonguetied minnow) is a species of minnow found in North America.	Exoglossum laurae	species
taxon rank	Diadema paucispinum, the long-spined sea urchin, is a species of sea urchin in the family Diadematidae.	Diadema paucispinum	species
taxon rank	Labroides bicolor is a species of wrasse endemic to the Indo-Pacific, Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean and is known by various names including bicolor cleanerfish, bicolor cleaner wrasse, bicolored cleaner wrasse, bicolour cleaner wrasse, cleaner wrasse, two-colour cleaner wrasse and yellow diesel wrasse.	Labroides bicolor	species
taxon rank	Asclepias cordifolia is a species of milkweed commonly called heart-leaf milkweed or purple milkweed (a common name shared with another milkweed, Asclepias purpurascens).	Asclepias cordifolia	species
taxon rank	Tropidodiscidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil molluscs with isostrophically coiled shells.	Tropidodiscidae	family
taxon rank	Meliphagoidea is a superfamily of passerine birds.	Meliphagoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Fistulina is a genus of fungi in the Fistulinaceae family.	Fistulina	genus
taxon rank	Thelazia is a genus of nematode worms which parasitize the eyes and associated tissues of various bird and mammal hosts, including humans.	Thelazia	genus
taxon rank	Barylambdidae is an extinct family of pantodont mammals from North America.	Barylambdidae	family
taxon rank	The mourning gecko or common smooth-scaled gecko (Lepidodactylus lugubris) is a species of gecko.	Lepidodactylus lugubris	species
taxon rank	Passiflora caerulea, the blue passionflower, bluecrown passionflower or common passion flower, is a species of flowering plant native to South America (Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, Uruguay and Brazil).	Passiflora caerulea	species
taxon rank	Polygonum pensylvanicum (syn. Persicaria pensylvanica) is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family, Polygonaceae.	Polygonum pensylvanicum	species
taxon rank	Sceptrophasma hispidulum, commonly known as the Andaman Islands stick insect, is a species of the stick insect family.	Sceptrophasma hispidulum	species
taxon rank	Phenacosaurus vanzolinii is a species of lizards in the anolefamily.	Phenacosaurus vanzolinii	species
taxon rank	Monoplex tranquebaricus, common name: the West African Hairy Triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Monoplex tranquebaricus	species
taxon rank	Dysaules himalayanus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Dysaules.	Dysaules himalayanus	species
taxon rank	Thelypteris pilosa is a species of fern known by the common names hairy maiden fern, softhairy maiden fern, and streak-sorus fern.	Thelypteris pilosa	species
taxon rank	Salix pentandra (bay willow) is a species of willow native to northern Europe and northern Asia.	Salix pentandra	species
taxon rank	Calochortus persistens is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Siskiyou mariposa lily.	Calochortus persistens	species
taxon rank	Kageneckia oblonga (also known as Bollen) is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family.	Kageneckia oblonga	species
taxon rank	Strigosuchus is an extinct genus of crurotarsan from the Early Jurassic of China.	Strigosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Leonaspis is a widespread genus of odontopleurid trilobite that lived from the Late Ordovician to the early Devonian.	Leonaspis	genus
taxon rank	The Gabela akalat (Sheppardia gabela) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Gabela akalat	species
taxon rank	Tylenchorhynchus is a genus of nematodes including many species of plant parasites.	Tylenchorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Carabus dietererberi is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Sichuan, China.	Carabus dietererberi	species
taxon rank	Aristida behriana is a native Australian species of grass commonly known as bunch wire grass or brush wire grass.	Aristida behriana	species
taxon rank	Phiditiidae is a family of moths.	Phiditiidae	family
taxon rank	Dalbergia oliveri is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family which grows in tree form to 15 - 30 meters in height (up to 100 ft.).	Dalbergia oliveri	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Actinastrum is a genus of green algae, specifically of the class Chlorophyceae.	Actinastrum	genus
taxon rank	Heteroclinus flavescens, the Short-tassel weedfish, is a species of clinid native to the Pacific Ocean waters around New Zealand and Australia.	Heteroclinus flavescens	species
taxon rank	One of many species of manzanita, Arctostaphylos manzanita has the common names Common manzanita and Whiteleaf manzanita.	Arctostaphylos manzanita	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus pauciflora, commonly known as Snow Gum or White Sallee, is a species of flowering plant in the family Myrtaceae.	Eucalyptus pauciflora	species
taxon rank	Sparganiaceae is the botanical name for a family of flowering plants.	Sparganiaceae	family
taxon rank	Troilus luridus is a species of shield bug.	Troilus luridus	species
taxon rank	Acropora rambleri is a species of acroporid coral found in the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden, the southwest and northern Indian Ocean, the central Indo-Pacific, Southeast Asia, Japan, the East China Sea, eastern Australia and the oceanic west and central Pacific Ocean.	Acropora rambleri	species
taxon rank	Utricularia dichotoma, commonly known as fairy aprons, is a variable, perennial species of terrestrial bladderwort.	Utricularia dichotoma	species
taxon rank	Ribes californicum, with the common name hillside gooseberry, is a North American species of currant.	Ribes californicum	species
taxon rank	Stagetus profundus is a species of beetles in the genus Stagetus of the family Anobiidae.	Stagetus profundus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Klimeschiola philetella, which is found in mainland Greece and on Crete.	Klimeschiola	species
taxon rank	Lavandula (common name lavender) is a genus of 39 known species of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae.	Lavandula	genus
taxon rank	Bradysia similigibbosa is a species of fungus gnat from New Caledonia.	Bradysia similigibbosa	species
taxon rank	Pissarrachampsinae is a subfamily of baurusuchid crocodyliforms from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil and Argentina.	Pissarrachampsinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Viola tomentosa is a species of violet known by the common names feltleaf violet and woolly violet.	Viola tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Achatina achatina, common name the giant Ghana snail, also known as the giant tiger land snail, is a species of very large, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae.	Achatina achatina	species
taxon rank	The Lybiidae is a bird family containing the African barbets.	Lybiidae	family
taxon rank	Pachystropheus (After Greek Pachys, ``Thick'' and Strophaios, Vertebrae) is a genus of prehistoric reptile, possibly a choristodere (champsosaur), from the Rhaetian (Late Triassic) of southwestern England.	Pachystropheus	genus
taxon rank	Cryptoblastus is a genus of extinct blastoids, a primitive group of echinoderms related to the modern sea lilies.	Cryptoblastus	genus
taxon rank	Anguilla bicolor is a species of eel in the genus Anguilla of the family Anguillidae, consisting of two subspecies.	Anguilla bicolor	species
taxon rank	Emeraldella is a genus of artiopod arthropod known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.	Emeraldella	genus
taxon rank	Nipponites (``stone of Nippon'') is an extinct genus of heteromorph ammonites.	Nipponites	genus
taxon rank	Anticarsia irrorata is a species of moth in the family Noctuidae known commonly as the owl moth.	Anticarsia irrorata	species
taxon rank	Elasmias jaurffreti is a species of tropical tree-living air-breathing land snail, arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Elasmias jaurffreti	species
taxon rank	Heteropneustes microps is a species of airsac catfish possibly endemic to Sri Lanka, though records from India have been made.	Heteropneustes microps	species
taxon rank	Anurognathus is a genus of small pterosaur that lived during the late Jurassic Period (Tithonian stage).	Anurognathus	genus
taxon rank	Stark's lark (Spizocorys starki) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Stark's lark	species
taxon rank	Gongylophis colubrinus, the Kenyan sand boa, is a boa species found in northern Africa.	Gongylophis colubrinus	species
taxon rank	Lupinoblennius is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the western Atlantic Ocean.	Lupinoblennius	genus
taxon rank	Flabellina is a genus of sea slugs, specifically aeolid nudibranchs.	Flabellina	genus
taxon rank	Myanmymar is an extinct genus of fairyfly preserved in amber from Myanmar.	Myanmymar	genus
taxon rank	Gagea bulbifera is an Eurasian species of plants in the lily family, widespread from Romania to Xinjiang.	Gagea bulbifera	species
taxon rank	Azteca andreae is an arboreal ant species found in the tropics of South America, most notably in French Guiana.	Azteca andreae	species
taxon rank	Edwardsina tasmaniensis or the Tasmanian torrent midge is a species of fly in family Blephariceridae.	Edwardsina tasmaniensis	species
taxon rank	Tachygerrini is a tribe of water striders.	Tachygerrini	tribe
taxon rank	Algansea amecae is a recently described species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae.	Algansea amecae	species
taxon rank	Brachyuranochampsa is an extinct genus of crocodyloid crocodilians.	Brachyuranochampsa	genus
taxon rank	Malacothrix sonchoides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names sowthistle desertdandelion and yellow saucers.	Malacothrix sonchoides	species
taxon rank	Fenimorea is a genus of carnivorous sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Drilliidae.	Fenimorea	genus
taxon rank	Ameles persa is a species of praying mantis found in Afghanistan and Iran.	Ameles persa	species
taxon rank	Musteloidea is a superfamily of carnivoran mammals united by shared characters of the skull and teeth.	Musteloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Deinodryinus velteni is an extinct species of Deinodryinus in the wasp family Dryinidae.	Deinodryinus velteni	species
taxon rank	Tuberculobasis macuxi is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae first identified in Roraima, Brazil.	Tuberculobasis macuxi	species
taxon rank	Tomopterna damarensis is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family endemic to Namibia.	Tomopterna damarensis	species
taxon rank	The genus Henkelodon (``Henkel's tooth'') was named by Hahn G. in 1977 based on a single species.	Henkelodon	species
taxon rank	Phoebe zhennan is a large species of tree up to 30 metres (98 ft) tall in the Lauraceae family.	Phoebe zhennan	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Pachystylidium hirsutum, found in eastern India, Indochina, the Philippines, Sulawesi, the Lesser Sunda Islands, and Java.	Pachystylidium	species
taxon rank	Sarcocystis is a genus of protozoa.	Sarcocystis	genus
taxon rank	Nidaliidae is a family of soft corals in the phylum Cnidaria.	Nidaliidae	family
taxon rank	Sertifera is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to northwestern South America.	Sertifera	genus
taxon rank	Restrepia contorta, the Twisted Restrepia, is a species of orchid endemic to western South America.	Restrepia contorta	species
taxon rank	Cucujinus coquereli is a beetle species in the family Laemophloeidae found on Reunion Island off the coast of Madagascar.	Cucujinus coquereli	species
taxon rank	Macroptilium supinum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name supine bean.	Macroptilium supinum	species
taxon rank	Harpegnathos is a small ponerine genus of ants found in South and Southeast Asia.	Harpegnathos	genus
taxon rank	Kickxia elatine is a species of flowering plant in the Scrophulariaceae known by several common names, including sharpleaf cancerwort, sharppoint fluvellin and sharp-leaved fluvellin.	Kickxia elatine	species
taxon rank	Saccharina is a genus of 20 species of Phaeophyceae (brown algae).	Saccharina	genus
taxon rank	Maackia amurensis, commonly known as the Amur maackia, is a species of tree in the Fabaceae family that can grow 15 metres (49 ft) tall.	Maackia amurensis	species
taxon rank	Romeosaurus is an extinct genus of yaguarasaurine mosasaur known from the early Late Cretaceous ``Lastame'' lithotype (lower Turonian to lower Santonian) of northern Italy.	Romeosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Parvoviridae are a family of small, rugged, genetically-compact DNA viruses, known collectively as parvoviruses.	Parvoviridae	family
taxon rank	Crotalus horridus, commonly known as the timber rattlesnake, canebrake rattlesnake or banded rattlesnake, is a species of venomous pit viper endemic to the eastern United States.	Crotalus horridus	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Ameleta panochra, which was described by Turner in 1940.	Ameleta panochra	species
taxon rank	Murdochella levifoliata is a species of minute wentletrap, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Nystiellidae, commonly known as wentletraps.	Murdochella levifoliata	species
taxon rank	Parasphallenum fulguratum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Parasphallenum.	Parasphallenum	species
taxon rank	Hymenaea verrucosa (Zanzibar copal, East African copal, or Amber tree) is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Hymenaea verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Dasysyrphus tricinctus is a european species of hoverfly in the genus Dasysyrphus, a member of the family Syrphidae.	Dasysyrphus tricinctus	species
taxon rank	Aztlanolagus is an extinct monotypic genus of rabbit with a single species Aztlanolagus agilis.	Aztlanolagus	species
taxon rank	Chaetonotidae is a family of gastrotrichs in the order Chaetonotida.	Chaetonotidae	family
taxon rank	Candida antarctica is a yeast species in the genus Candida.	Candida antarctica	species
taxon rank	Striginiana is a genus of moth in the family Eupterotidae from Africa.	Striginiana	genus
taxon rank	Aepus is a genus of ground beetles of the subfamily Trechinae.	Aepus	genus
taxon rank	The Ethiopian snout-burrower, Lake Zwai snout-burrower, or Lake Zwai shovelnose frog (Hemisus microscaphus) is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family, endemic to Ethiopia.	Ethiopian snout-burrower	species
taxon rank	Oligobunis is an extinct genus of mustelids, which existed during the Miocene epoch.	Oligobunis	genus
taxon rank	Idiacanthus is a genus of barbeled dragonfishes, the larvae of which are noted for exhibiting the Stylophthalmine trait.	Idiacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Berosus quadridens is a species of hydrophilid beetle from Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Cuba.	Berosus quadridens	species
taxon rank	Polytrichum juniperinum, commonly known as juniper haircap or juniper polytrichum moss, is an evergreen and perennial species of moss that is widely distributed, growing on every continent including Antarctica.	Polytrichum juniperinum	species
taxon rank	Platystomos wallacei is a species of beetles belonging to the family Anthribidae.	Platystomos wallacei	species
taxon rank	Lumpsuckers or lumpfish are mostly small scorpaeniform marine fish of the family Cyclopteridae.	Lumpsucker	family
taxon rank	Agilisaurus (/ˌædʒɨlɨˈsɔrəs/; 'agile lizard') is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic Period of what is now eastern Asia.	Agilisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Hieracium albertinum, known as western hawkweed or houndstongue hawkweed, is a species of the Hieracium genus that is very similar to Hieracium albiflorum with white flowers but differs in that the flower heads are clustered and the leaves, stems and bracts are covered in a thick layer of hairs.	Hieracium albertinum	species
taxon rank	The Baja California rainbow trout or San Pedro Martir trout or Nelson's trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss nelsoni) is a localized subspecies of the rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss), a fish in the Salmonidae family.	Baja California rainbow trout	subspecies
taxon rank	Aetapcus maculatus, the Warty prowfish, is a species of Australian prowfish endemic to the coastal waters of southern Australia where it inhabits mostly rocky reefs.	Aetapcus maculatus	species
taxon rank	Neocyclotidae is a family of tropical land snails with gills and an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Architaenioglossa belonging to the clade Caenogastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Neocyclotidae	family
taxon rank	Aspidophoroides is a genus of poachers native to the northern Pacific and Atlantic oceans.	Aspidophoroides	genus
taxon rank	Pardosa maisa is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Finland, Austria, Hungary, Czech Republic, Poland and Russia.	Pardosa maisa	species
taxon rank	Neolepetopsidae is a family of small deep sea sea snails or true limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Patellogastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Neolepetopsidae	family
taxon rank	The Pyrgotidae are an unusual family of flies (Diptera), one of only two families of Cyclorrhapha that lack ocelli.	Pyrgotidae	family
taxon rank	Apiopetalum velutinum is a species of plant in the Mackinlayaceae family.	Apiopetalum velutinum	species
taxon rank	Ameles gracilis is a species of praying mantis found on the Canary Islands.	Ameles gracilis	species
taxon rank	Tetrabaena socialis is a microscopic species of green algae and one of the simplest multicellular organism, consisting of four cells.	Tetrabaena socialis	species
taxon rank	Haliotis cyclobates, common name the whirling abalone or the circular ear shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis cyclobates	species
taxon rank	Passiflora edulis is a vine species of passion flower that is native to Brazil, Paraguay and northern Argentina.	Passiflora edulis	species
taxon rank	Squaliobarbus curriculus, the Barbel chub, is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in China, North Korea, South Korea, eastern Russia and Vietnam.	Squaliobarbus curriculus	species
taxon rank	Zygoballus rufipes, commonly called the hammerjawed jumper, is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States, Canada, and Central America.	Zygoballus rufipes	species
taxon rank	Adiantum edgeworthii is a species of ferns in the Vittarioideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae.	Adiantum edgeworthii	species
taxon rank	Juncus conglomeratus, known commonly as Compact Rush, is a perennial, herbaceous flowering plant species in the rush family Juncaceae.	Juncus conglomeratus	species
taxon rank	Eutaxia diffusa, commonly known as Spreading Eutaxia, is a shrub species in the Fabaceae family.	Eutaxia diffusa	species
taxon rank	Dichochrysa pilinota is a species of green lacewing.	Dichochrysa pilinota	species
taxon rank	Phrynops tuberosus, commonly known as the Cotinga River toadhead turtle, is a large species endemic to South America.	Phrynops tuberosus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea gleichenioides is a species of tree fern endemic to New Guinea, where it grows in open peaty grassland and on forest margins, often in groups, at an altitude of 2800--3700 m. The trunk of this plant is erect, up to 3 m tall and about 24 cm in diameter.	Cyathea gleichenioides	species
taxon rank	Monothrix polylepis, the Littoral cusk, is a species of viviparous brotula known from shallow reefs off the coast of eastern Australia.	Monothrix polylepis	species
taxon rank	Apocorophium is a genus of amphipod crustaceans, comprising the following species:	Apocorophium	genus
taxon rank	Polygonum patulum, called tree hogweed, is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family.	Polygonum patulum	species
taxon rank	Agathosma gonaquensis (the Gonaqua Buchu) is a species of plant in the family Rutaceae.	Agathosma gonaquensis	species
taxon rank	Sicyopterus franouxi is a species of goby endemic to Madagascar where it is only found in fresh waters.	Sicyopterus franouxi	species
taxon rank	Conopea is a genus of barnacle, containing the following species:	Conopea	genus
taxon rank	Cellana ornata is a species of true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Cellana ornata	species
taxon rank	Sulfitobacter brevis is a species of bacteria isolated from the hypersaline, heliothermal and meromictic Antarctic Ekho Lake.	Sulfitobacter brevis	species
taxon rank	Phrynopus is a genus of frogs of the Craugastoridae family.	Phrynopus	genus
taxon rank	Allium cassium is a Middle Eastern species of wild onion native to Turkey, Lebanon, Israel, and Cyprus.	Allium cassium	species
taxon rank	Commidendrum is a genus of trees and shrubs in the sunflower family endemic to the island of Saint Helena in the South Atlantic Ocean.	Commidendrum	genus
taxon rank	Ectillaenus is a genus of trilobites in the order Corynexochida.	Ectillaenus	genus
taxon rank	Mazus gracilis is a plant species native to the Provinces of Henan, Hubei, Jiangsu, Jiangxi and Zhejiang in China.	Mazus gracilis	species
taxon rank	Semionotus (``Flag-Back'') is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish found throughout Northern Pangaea (North America and Europe) during the late Triassic, becoming extinct in the Early Jurassic.	Semionotus	genus
taxon rank	Aberlemnia is a genus of extinct vascular plants of the Early Devonian (around 420 to 390 million years ago), which consisted of leafless stems with terminal spore-forming organs (sporangia).	Aberlemnia	genus
taxon rank	Parashorea densiflora (also called White Seraya) is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae.	Parashorea densiflora	species
taxon rank	Spiraviridae is a family of single stranded DNA viruses that infect archeae.	Spiraviridae	family
taxon rank	Kalanchoe brasiliensis, the folha da fortuna, saião, folha da costa or coerama, is a plant species in the genus Kalanchoe.	Kalanchoe brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Isachne is a widespread genus of tropical and subtropical plants in the grass family, found in Asia, Africa, Australia, the Americas, and various oceanic islands.	Isachne	genus
taxon rank	Cylindrolobus cootesii (Cootes' Cylindrolobus) is plant species of the family Orchidaceae endemic to the Philippines.	Cylindrolobus cootesii	species
taxon rank	The Guadalupe spiny softshell turtle (Apalone spinifera guadalupensis) is a subspecies of soft-shelled turtle native to the United States, in the state of Texas.	Guadalupe spiny softshell turtle	subspecies
taxon rank	Cyperus ustulatus, also known as giant umbrella-sedge or coastal cutty grass is a species of sedge native to New Zealand.	Cyperus ustulatus	species
taxon rank	Spaniacris deserticola is a species of insect in family Acrididae known by the common name Coachella Valley grasshopper.	Spaniacris deserticola	species
taxon rank	Hemifusus ternatanus, common name Ternate False Fusus, is a species of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Melongenidae, the crown conches and their allies.	Hemifusus ternatanus	species
taxon rank	Philcoxia bahiensis is a rare plant species in the Plantaginaceae that is endemic to the Brazilian state of Bahia.	Philcoxia bahiensis	species
taxon rank	Parazumia is a neotropical and nearctic genus of medium to large sized potter wasps.	Parazumia	genus
taxon rank	Dicranum scoparium, the broom forkmoss, is a species of dicranid moss, native to North America, including the Great Lakes region.	Dicranum scoparium	species
taxon rank	Geopinus incrassatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Geopinus.	Geopinus	species
taxon rank	Silphium mohrii, known by the common names Mohr's rosinweed and shaggy rosinweed, is a species of flowering plant in the Composite family.	Silphium mohrii	species
taxon rank	E. bulbosa is the only species in the genus Erigenia (Nutt.)	Erigenia	species
taxon rank	Notocetichthys trunovi, Trunov's southern cetomimid, is a species of flabby whalefish only known from the Lazarev Sea near Antarctica where it is found at depths of from 1,210 to 1,360 metres (3,970 to 4,460 ft).	Notocetichthys trunovi	species
taxon rank	Jaggermeryx is an extinct genus of semiaquatic anthracothere, ungulates related to hippopotamuses, from early Miocene Africa.	Jaggermeryx	genus
taxon rank	Bromus diandrus is a species of grass known by the common names great brome and ``ripgut brome''.	Bromus diandrus	species
taxon rank	Patsuia is a butterfly genus of the Limenitidinae.The genus is confined to West China and Tibet.	Patsuia	genus
taxon rank	Zoobotryon verticillatum, commonly known as the spaghetti bryozoan, is a species of colonial bryozoan with a bush-like structure.	Zoobotryon verticillatum	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum arborescens is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Santa Cruz Island buckwheat.	Eriogonum arborescens	species
taxon rank	Copelatus amaroides is a species diving beetle.	Copelatus amaroides	species
taxon rank	Juniperus taxifolia (Bonin Islands juniper; Japanese: シマムロ Shimamuro) is a species of juniper, endemic to the Bonin Islands southeast of Japan.	Juniperus taxifolia	species
taxon rank	Limneria insculpta is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae.	Limneria insculpta	species
taxon rank	The Beldaco (Pseudobombax millei) is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.	Pseudobombax millei	species
taxon rank	Anomoiodon is an extinct genus of procolophonine procolophonid parareptile from early Triassic deposits of Thuringia, Germany.	Anomoiodon	genus
taxon rank	Clepsigenes dissota is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Clepsigenes.	Clepsigenes dissota	species
taxon rank	Brookesia is a genus of chameleons endemic to Madagascar, that range from small to very small in size, and are known collectively as leaf chameleons (though this name also commonly is used for species in the genera Rieppeleon and Rhampholeon).	Brookesia	genus
taxon rank	Anacyclus is a genus of plants in the Asteraceae family described by Linnaeus in 1753.	Anacyclus	genus
taxon rank	Latiaxis lischkeanus is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Coralliophilinae of the family Muricidae.	Latiaxis lischkeanus	species
taxon rank	Platanthera algeriensis is a species of orchid native to eastern and southeastern Spain, Corsica, Sardinia, Algeria and Morocco.	Platanthera algeriensis	species
taxon rank	Carex capitata is a species of sedge known by the common name capitate sedge.	Carex capitata	species
taxon rank	Dipteridae is an extinct family of prehistoric lungfishes which lived during the Devonian period.	Dipteridae	family
taxon rank	Bathycrinidae is a family of echinoderms in the class Crinoidea.	Bathycrinidae	family
taxon rank	Indoxysticus is a small genus of crab spiders, native to Asia.	Indoxysticus	genus
taxon rank	Neocaridina is a genus of atyid shrimp, containing the following species:	Neocaridina	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces hirsutus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Switzerland.	Streptomyces hirsutus	species
taxon rank	The Zygaenoidea comprise the superfamily of moths that includes burnet moths, forester moths, and relatives.	Zygaenoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Francisella is a genus of pathogenic, Gram-negative bacteria.	Francisella	genus
taxon rank	Allium is a genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants that includes the cultivated onion, garlic, scallion, shallot and leek as well as chives and hundreds of other wild species.	Allium	genus
taxon rank	Evergestis subfuscalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family.	Evergestis subfuscalis	species
taxon rank	Symphyotrichum dumosum, common names rice button aster or bushy aster, is a plant species long known as Aster dumosus.	Symphyotrichum dumosum	species
taxon rank	Chelidonichthys obscurus, the Longfin gurnard, is a species of sea robin that can be found in such seas as Aegean and Black Seas and from British Isles to Mauritania.	Longfin gurnard	species
taxon rank	Aerangis ugandensis is a species of epiphytic orchid native to Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda, Burundi, and Congo-Kinshasa (Zaire, Democratic Republic of the Congo).	Aerangis ugandensis	species
taxon rank	Rubus insulanus is a North American species of flowering plants in the rose family.	Rubus insulanus	species
taxon rank	Cottunculus is a genus of fatheads found in the Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic oceans.	Cottunculus	genus
taxon rank	Pleurobranchaea maculata, or the grey side-gilled slug, is a species of sea slug, specifically a side-gill slug or notaspidean.	Pleurobranchaea maculata	species
taxon rank	Ilex amelanchier, the swamp holly or sarvis holly, is a rare species of holly from the southeastern United States.	Ilex amelanchier	species
taxon rank	Pupilla blandi, common name the Rocky Mountain column, is a species of very small or minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.	Pupilla blandi	species
taxon rank	Pinus yunnanensis, the Yunnan pine, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Carex subnigricans is a species of sedge known by the common name nearlyblack sedge.	Carex subnigricans	species
taxon rank	Parablabicentrus angustatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parablabicentrus.	Parablabicentrus angustatus	species
taxon rank	Crepis setosa, the bristly hawksbeard, is a European species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Crepis setosa	species
taxon rank	Eustenopus villosus is a species of true weevil known as the yellow starthistle hairy weevil.	Eustenopus villosus	species
taxon rank	Dorylus, also known as driver ants, safari ants, or siafu, is a large genus of army ants found primarily in central and east Africa, although the range also extends to tropical Asia.	Dorylus	genus
taxon rank	Thymus praecox is a species of thyme.	Thymus praecox	species
taxon rank	Santolina is a genus of plants in the chamomile tribe within the sunflower family, primarily from the western Mediterranean region.	Santolina	genus
taxon rank	Imeroherpiidae is a family of solenogaster, comprising the sole genus Imeroherpia.	Imeroherpiidae	family
taxon rank	Typhochlaena curumim is a species of tarantula, that is native to ``Mata do Pau-Ferro'', Areia, in the state of Paraiba, Brazil.	Typhochlaena curumim	species
taxon rank	Myrmecia nigriceps, also known as the black-headed bull ant, is a species of ant endemic to Australia.	Myrmecia nigriceps	species
taxon rank	Calocoris affinis is a species of bug in the subfamily Mirinae of the family Miridae that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Switzerland and Greece.	Calocoris affinis	species
taxon rank	Stefania ginesi (tepuis treefrog, Spanish: rana stefania del Hermano Gines) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.	Stefania ginesi	species
taxon rank	Tilia chinensis (Chinese linden, Chinese: 椴树) is a species of lime or linden tree that is endemic to China.	Tilia chinensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudothyestes flavolineata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudothyestes.	Pseudothyestes flavolineata	species
taxon rank	Dactyloscopus metoecus, the Mexican stargazer, is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Mexico where it can be found at depths of from 0 to 7 metres (0 to 23 ft).	Dactyloscopus metoecus	species
taxon rank	Stenella gynoxidicola, formerly Cladosporium gynoxidicola is a species of anamorphic fungi.	Stenella gynoxidicola	species
taxon rank	Cinysca alvesi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Areneidae.	Cinysca alvesi	species
taxon rank	Hieracium murorum, wall hawkweed is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Hieracium murorum	species
taxon rank	Jugumella is a genus of extinct plants of the Late Silurian (Přídolí, around 430 to 420 million years ago).	Jugumella	genus
taxon rank	Thyridolepis is a genus of Australian plants in the grass family.	Thyridolepis	genus
taxon rank	Glirodon is a genus of extinct mammal from the Upper Jurassic.	Glirodon	genus
taxon rank	Allium flavovirens is a species of onions endemic to the western part of Inner Mongolia.	Allium flavovirens	species
taxon rank	Deroceras tarracense is a species of terrestrial slug in the family Agriolimacidae.	Deroceras tarracense	species
taxon rank	Honora perdubiella is a species of snout moth in the genus Honora.	Honora perdubiella	species
taxon rank	The only species of this genus is Doloma leucocephala Prout, 1922.	Doloma	species
taxon rank	Toxorhynchites rajah is a species of mosquito in the genus Toxorhynchites.	Toxorhynchites rajah	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Tossea setosa, which is found in Ecuador (Pichincha Province).	Tossea	species
taxon rank	Rubus illecebrosus is a red-fruited species of Rubus that originally came from Japan, but is also very popular in some European countries like Lithuania.	Rubus illecebrosus	species
taxon rank	Catalpa speciosa, commonly known as the northern catalpa, hardy catalpa, western catalpa, cigar tree, and catawba-tree, is a species of Catalpa native to the midwestern United States.	Catalpa speciosa	species
taxon rank	Sparganium eurycarpum is a species of bur-reed known by the common names broadfruit bur-reed and giant bur-reed.	Sparganium eurycarpum	species
taxon rank	The harvester termites are an ancient, Old World family of termites, Hodotermitidae.	Hodotermitidae	family
taxon rank	Keteleeria evelyniana (Evelyn keteleeria, Chinese: 云南油杉; pinyin: Yúnnán yóushān, Vietnamese: Du sam) is a species of conifer native to southern China, Laos and Vietnam.	Keteleeria evelyniana	species
taxon rank	Monardella follettii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Follett's monardella.	Monardella follettii	species
taxon rank	The Mastophoroideae are a subfamily of Corallinaceaen Coralline alga with uniporate conceptacles.	Mastophoroideae	subfamily
taxon rank	Cambaroides is a genus of freshwater crayfish.	Cambaroides	genus
taxon rank	Packera werneriifolia, known by the common names alpine rock butterweed and hoary groundsel, is a species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Packera werneriifolia	species
taxon rank	Neowerdermannia is a genus of South American cacti.	Neowerdermannia	genus
taxon rank	The only known species is Petrobium arboreum, called Saint Helena Whitewood.	Petrobium	species
taxon rank	Paracarcinosoma is a genus of carcinosomatid eurypterid.	Paracarcinosoma	genus
taxon rank	Raorchestes annandalii (known also as Annandale's bush frog, Himalaya bubble-nest frog, or Himalaya foam nest frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes annandalii	species
taxon rank	Qatrania is an extinct genus of primates.	Qatrania	genus
taxon rank	Pelomyxa is a genus of giant flagellar amoeboid protists, usually 500-800 μm but occasionally up to 5 mm in length, found in anaerobic or microaerobic bottom sediments of stagnant freshwater ponds or slow-moving streams.	Pelomyxa	genus
taxon rank	Oncotylus pyrethri is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Phylinae that is found in Russia and Ukraine.	Oncotylus pyrethri	species
taxon rank	The Sironidae are a family of harvestmen with more than 30 described species.	Sironidae	family
taxon rank	Haigia diegensis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Haigia of the family Ulidiidae.	Haigia diegensis	species
taxon rank	Urtica is a genus of flowering plants in the family Urticaceae.	Urtica	genus
taxon rank	Pella carolina is a species of rove beetle in the genus Pella in the subfamily Aleocharinae.	Pella carolina	species
taxon rank	Paraclinus grandicomis, the Horned blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to reefs of the Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea from southern Florida through the Lesser Antilles.	Paraclinus grandicomis	species
taxon rank	Eleocharis rostellata is a species of spikesedge known by the common name beaked spikerush.	Eleocharis rostellata	species
taxon rank	Neofibularia nolitangere, the touch-me-not sponge, is a species of demosponge in the family Desmacellidae.	Neofibularia nolitangere	species
taxon rank	Balaustium cristatum is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae.	Balaustium cristatum	species
taxon rank	The Talas tuco-tuco (Ctenomys talarum) is a species of tuco-tuco endemic to eastern Argentina.	Talas tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Megalobulimus paranaguensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Strophocheilidae.	Megalobulimus paranaguensis	species
taxon rank	Chereas octomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Chereas.	Chereas octomaculata	species
taxon rank	Euryomma peregrinum is a small species of fly from the family Fanniidae.	Euryomma peregrinum	species
taxon rank	The Siberian tiger (Panthera tigris altaica), also known as the Amur tiger, is a tiger subspecies inhabiting mainly the Sikhote Alin mountain region with a small population in southwest Primorye Province in the Russian Far East.	Siberian tiger	subspecies
taxon rank	Neoschumannia is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1905.	Neoschumannia	genus
taxon rank	Elophila minoralis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family that is found in Madagascar.	Elophila minoralis	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces atrovirens is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil in Egypt.	Streptomyces atrovirens	species
taxon rank	Belonimorphis belonimorphis is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiopsidae.	Belonimorphis belonimorphis	species
taxon rank	Oedipoda germanica, the 'Red-winged Grasshopper', is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Oedipodinae.	Oedipoda germanica	species
taxon rank	Coptotermes elisae, the Papuan plantation termite, is a species of termite in the family Rhinotermitidae.	Coptotermes elisae	species
taxon rank	Vermilacinia howei is classified in the subgenus Cylindricaria in which it is distinguished from related species by the thallus divided into tubular slightly inflated branches.	Vermilacinia howei	species
taxon rank	Sybroplocia sybroides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sybroplocia.	Sybroplocia sybroides	species
taxon rank	Zostera nigricaulis is a species of eelgrass native to the seacoasts of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia and Tasmania.	Zostera nigricaulis	species
taxon rank	Crepidodera peloponnesiaca is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that is endemic to Greece.	Crepidodera peloponnesiaca	species
taxon rank	Bonapartenykus (named in honor of José Bonaparte) is a genus of alvarezsaurid theropod dinosaurs known from the Late Cretaceous (Campanian/Maastrichtian stage) of northwestern Patagonia, Argentina.	Bonapartenykus	genus
taxon rank	Hybomitra aterrima is a species of horse fly in the family Tabanidae.	Hybomitra aterrima	species
taxon rank	Cebrennus is a genus of huntsman spiders mostly found in Northern Africa and the Arabian Peninsula.	Cebrennus	genus
taxon rank	The Vanuatu megapode or Vanuatu scrubfowl (Megapodius layardi) is a species of bird in the Megapodiidae family.	Vanuatu megapode	species
taxon rank	Tectaria is a genus of fern in the family Tectariaceae.	Tectaria	genus
taxon rank	Calamagrostis rubescens is a species of grass known by the common name pinegrass.	Calamagrostis rubescens	species
taxon rank	Oncidium ensatum, Latin American orchid, is a species of orchid found from southern Florida, southern Mexico (Chiapas + the Yucatán Peninsula), Central America, Cuba, the Bahamas, and northwestern Venezuela.	Oncidium ensatum	species
taxon rank	Congiopodidae is a family of scorpaeniform fishes native to the southern hemisphere, commonly known as pigfishes, horsefishes and racehorses.	Congiopodidae	family
taxon rank	Hieracium pilosella (syn. Pilosella officinarum), known as mouseear hawkweed, is a yellow-flowered species of flowering plant in the daisy family Asteraceae, native to Europe and northern Asia.	Hieracium pilosella	species
taxon rank	Vancouver Island in British Columbia Trillium ovatum var. oettingeri (Munz & Thorne) Case -- northwestern California Trillium ovatum var. ovatum -- most of species range	Trillium ovatum	species
taxon rank	Glandularia pulchella is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family known by the common name South American mock vervain.	Glandularia pulchella	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha brevicollis is a species of praying mantis found in South Africa.	Hoplocorypha brevicollis	species
taxon rank	Omphaliodes obscura is a species of moth of the Anthelidae family, and the only species in the genus Omphaliodes.	Omphaliodes obscura	species
taxon rank	Amoria zebra, common name the zebra volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Amoria zebra	species
taxon rank	Chlorolestes elegans is a species of damselfly in the family Synlestidae.	Chlorolestes elegans	species
taxon rank	Tayloria nepalensis is an extant dung moss species found in Nepal.	Tayloria nepalensis	species
taxon rank	Buddleja scordioides is endemic to central Arizona, southeastern New Mexico, southwestern Texas, and the Chihuahua Desert of Mexico, growing amidst xeric thorn-scrub on alkaline soils at elevations of 600 -- 2,500 m. The species was first named and described by Kunth in 1818.	Buddleja scordioides	species
taxon rank	Tephritis neesii is a species of fly found across Europe.	Tephritis neesii	species
taxon rank	Bidens leptocephala (fewflower beggarticks) is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Bidens leptocephala	species
taxon rank	Aquilegia grahamii is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name Graham's columbine.	Aquilegia grahamii	species
taxon rank	Boidae (Common names: boas, boids, boioids) is a family of nonvenomous snakes found in America, Africa, Europe, Asia, and some Pacific Islands.	Boidae	family
taxon rank	Parviturbo fenestratus is a species of a rare, minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.	Parviturbo fenestratus	species
taxon rank	Diplostomatidae is a family of trematodes in the order Strigeidida.	Diplostomatidae	family
taxon rank	Veyretella is a genus of terrestrial flowering plants in the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Veyretella	genus
taxon rank	Allorchestes compressa is a species of amphipod in the family Dogielinotidae.	Allorchestes compressa	species
taxon rank	Mahé day gecko (Phelsuma sundbergi longinsulae Rendahl, 1939 (syn. Phelsuma longinsulae pulchra Rendahl, 1939)) is a diurnal subspecies of geckos.	Mahé day gecko	subspecies
taxon rank	Bathylaco is a genus of slickheads found in deep oceanic waters.	Bathylaco	genus
taxon rank	Tonyosynthemis ofarrelli, more commonly known as the slender tigertail, is a species of Odonata from the family Synthemistidae originating from eastern Queensland, Australia, found along the eastern coast.	Tonyosynthemis ofarrelli	species
taxon rank	Oreoxis humilis is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Rocky Mountain alpineparsley.	Oreoxis humilis	species
taxon rank	Brotulinella taiwanensis, the Taiwan coral-brotula, is a species of viviparous brotula, the only known member of its genus, found mostly in the surge zone of the waters around Taiwan and the Philippines where it lives amongst rocks.	Brotulinella taiwanensis	species
taxon rank	Pittosporum eugenioides, common names lemonwood or tarata, is a species of New Zealand native tree.	Pittosporum eugenioides	species
taxon rank	Agyneta galapagosensis is a species of sheet weaver found in the Galápagos Islands and Brazil.	Agyneta galapagosensis	species
taxon rank	Bidens tripartita is a common and widespread species of plants in the sunflower family, commonly known as Three-lobe Beggarticks, Three-part Beggarticks, Leafy-bracted Beggarticks or Trifid Bur-marigold.	Bidens tripartita	species
taxon rank	Canthigaster is a genus in the pufferfish family (Tetraodontidae).	Canthigaster	genus
taxon rank	Cornus unalaschkensis is a species of flowering plant in the Cornaceae, the dogwood family.	Cornus unalaschkensis	species
taxon rank	The Brazilian tinamou is a monotypic species.	Brazilian tinamou	species
taxon rank	Enchelyurus kraussii, Krauss' blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific and Indian Oceans.	Enchelyurus kraussii	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum barbigerum is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae known commonly as the beard carrying paphiopedilum.	Paphiopedilum barbigerum	species
taxon rank	Callicarpa reevesii is a species of beautyberry native to Brazil that is a small shrub.	Callicarpa reevesii	species
taxon rank	Sibbaldiopsis is a genus in the plant family Rosaceae containing the single species Sibbaldiopsis tridentata.	Sibbaldiopsis	species
taxon rank	Vermivora is a genus of New World warblers.	Vermivora	genus
taxon rank	Egletes viscosa (erect tropical daisy) is a New World species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Egletes viscosa	species
taxon rank	Ichnanthus, commonly called bedgrass, is a genus of tropical plants in the grass family, widespread in Africa, Asia, Australia, and the Americas.	Ichnanthus	genus
taxon rank	Yunia is a genus of extinct vascular plants from the Early Devonian (Pragian or Siegenian stage, around 411 to 408 million years ago).	Yunia	genus
taxon rank	Fagraea gracilipes is a species of flowering plant in the family Gentianaceae.	Fagraea gracilipes	species
taxon rank	Oxygonia annulipes is a beetle species from the family of ground beetles (Carabidae) .	Oxygonia annulipes	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Philagraulella punica, which is found in Sudan.	Philagraulella	species
taxon rank	Acmella nana is a species of land snail discovered from Borneo, Malaysia, in 2015.	Acmella nana	species
taxon rank	Alzoniella pellitica is a species of very small aquatic snail, a spring snail, an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Alzoniella pellitica	species
taxon rank	Antennaria luzuloides is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name rush pussytoes.	Antennaria luzuloides	species
taxon rank	Robiquetia succisa is a species of orchid occurring from the eastern Himalaya to southern China and Indochina.	Robiquetia succisa	species
taxon rank	Acropora horrida is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by James Dwight Dana in 1846.	Acropora horrida	species
taxon rank	Nesoluma polynesicum, the keahi or island nesoluma, is a species of flowering plant in the chicle family, Sapotaceae.	Nesoluma polynesicum	species
taxon rank	The Rhodospirillales are an order of Proteobacteria, with two families: the Acetobacteraceae and the Rhodospirillaceae.	Rhodospirillales	order
taxon rank	Gymnocranius euanus, the Japanese large-eye bream, is a species of emperor native to the Indo Pacific found at depths of 15 to 50 meters.	Gymnocranius euanus	species
taxon rank	Macromia illinoiensis, also known as the swift river cruiser or the Illinois river cruiser, is a species of dragonfly in the Macromiidae family.	Macromia illinoiensis	species
taxon rank	The Central American mud turtle (Kinosternon angustipons), also known as the narrow-bridged mud turtle, is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family endemic to Central America.	Central American mud turtle	species
taxon rank	Amphobotrys ricini is a species of fungus in the family Sclerotiniaceae.	Amphobotrys ricini	species
taxon rank	Brickellia scoparia is a Mesoamerican species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia scoparia	species
taxon rank	Oreonectes retrodorsalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oreonectes.	Oreonectes retrodorsalis	species
taxon rank	Heniartes is a large genus of assassin bugs belonging to the family Reduviidae; 32 species have been described, all from South America.	Heniartes	genus
taxon rank	Allium serra is a California species of wild onion known by several common names, including jeweled onion, pom-pon onion, and serrated onion.	Allium serra	species
taxon rank	Clarkia prostrata is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name prostrate clarkia.	Clarkia prostrata	species
taxon rank	Centrochir crocodili is the only species in the genus Centrochir of the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Doradidae.	Centrochir crocodili	species
taxon rank	Felis chaus maimanah is considered a subspecies of the jungle cat.	Felis chaus maimanah	subspecies
taxon rank	Cremnoconchus syhadrensis is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	Cremnoconchus syhadrensis	species
taxon rank	Cyathea brooksii is a species of tree fern native to Cuba, Hispaniola and Puerto Rico, where it grows on serpentine soils in shaded ravines, along streams, and on forested slopese at an altitude of 250-950 m. The trunk is prostrate and only about 6 cm in diameter.	Cyathea brooksii	species
taxon rank	Ergasilus is a genus of copepod crustaceans occurring in both the ocean and fresh water, often called gill lice.	Ergasilus	genus
taxon rank	Cnemaspis clivicola, is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.	Cnemaspis clivicola	species
taxon rank	Guadua is a Neotropical genus of thorny, clumping bamboo in the grass family, ranging from moderate to very large species.	Guadua	genus
taxon rank	Prince Demidoff's bushbaby (Galagoides demidovii), also known as Prince Demidoff's galago, is a species of primate in the Galagidae Family.	Prince Demidoff's bushbaby	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Grimmicola parasiticus.	Grimmicola	species
taxon rank	Velodona togata is a species of octopus in the monotypic genus Velodona.	Velodona	species
taxon rank	Tabanus bovinus, sometimes called the pale giant horse-fly, is a species of biting horse-fly.	Tabanus bovinus	species
taxon rank	Hesperevax acaulis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name stemless dwarf cudweed.	Hesperevax acaulis	species
taxon rank	Austrocochlea constricta, common name the common periwinkle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Austrocochlea constricta	species
taxon rank	Dianthus nardiformis or Dianthus gelidus is a species of herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Dianthus.	Dianthus nardiformis	species
taxon rank	Thililua is a genus of polycotylid plesiosaur, containing one species, T. longicollis.	Thililua	species
taxon rank	Alcidion umbraticum is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, and the only species in the genus Alcidion.	Alcidion umbraticum	species
taxon rank	Some experts demote Galeaspida to the rank of subclass, and unite it with Pituriaspida and Osteostraci to form the class Monorhina.	Galeaspida	class
taxon rank	Cymbolaena is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Cymbolaena griffithii.	Cymbolaena	species
taxon rank	Brachauchenius (meaning 'short neck') is an extinct genus of pliosaurid that lived in America (USA and Colombia) during the Cretaceous.	Brachauchenius	genus
taxon rank	Eunicella verrucosa, the broad sea fan, pink sea fan or warty gorgonian, is a species of colonial Gorgonian ``soft coral'' in the Gorgoniidae family.	Eunicella verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Itaboravis is an extinct genus of land bird uncovered from the Late Paleocene of São José do Itaboraí, Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil.	Itaboravis	genus
taxon rank	Hallucigenia is a genus of Cambrian animals known from articulated fossils in Burgess Shale-type deposits in Canada and China, and from isolated spines around the world.	Hallucigenia	genus
taxon rank	Leptomenes is a genus of potter wasps found in the African and Palearctic regions known to dig itself into the flesh of an animal.	Leptomenes	genus
taxon rank	Solva marginata also known as the drab wood-soldierfly is a species of soldier fly in the family Xylomyidae, the ``wood soldier flies''.	Solva marginata	species
taxon rank	Homarus morrisi is a species of fossil lobster from the Eocene of southern England.	Homarus morrisi	species
taxon rank	The sand leek (Allium scorodoprasum), also known as rocambole, is a Eurasian species of wild onion with a native range extending across much of Europe and the Middle East.	Allium scorodoprasum	species
taxon rank	Woodwardia radicans (common names chain fern, European chain fern and rooting chainfern) is a species of fern in the family Blechnaceae, native to the Atlantic islands and southwestern Europe.	Woodwardia radicans	species
taxon rank	Phymatosorus scolopendria commonly called monarch fern, musk fern, maile-scented fern, lauaʻe or wart fern is a species of fern within the Polypodiaceae family.	Phymatosorus scolopendria	species
taxon rank	Origanum is a genus of herbaceous perennials and subshrubs in the family Lamiaceae, native to Europe, North Africa, and much of temperate Asia, where they are found in open or mountainous habitats.	Origanum	genus
taxon rank	Wonambi is a genus that consisted of two species of very large snakes.	Wonambi	genus
taxon rank	Emeroleter is an extinct genus of nycteroleterid parareptile known from the early Late Permian of European Russia.	Emeroleter	genus
taxon rank	Arceuthobium divaricatum is a species of dwarf mistletoe known as pinyon dwarf mistletoe.	Arceuthobium divaricatum	species
taxon rank	Neocollyris rugei is a species of ground beetle in the genus Neocollyris in the subfamily Carabinae.	Neocollyris rugei	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis congicus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the lower Congo River basin.	Chiloglanis congicus	species
taxon rank	Badisis is a stilt-legged fly genus with only one known species, Badisis ambulans.	Badisis	species
taxon rank	Neuburgia macroloba is a species of flowering plant in the family Loganiaceae.	Neuburgia macroloba	species
taxon rank	Carex toreadora is a little-known species of sedge from Ecuador.	Carex toreadora	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Panorbis viscosus.	Panorbis	species
taxon rank	Dolabrifera dolabrifera is a species of sea hare, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	Dolabrifera dolabrifera	species
taxon rank	Strongylosteus hindenburgi is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic epoch.	Strongylosteus	genus
taxon rank	Spectracanthicus is a genus of suckermouth armored catfishs endemic to Brazil.	Spectracanthicus	genus
taxon rank	Baluchicardia is an extinct genus of fossil saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Carditidae.	Baluchicardia	genus
taxon rank	Eriogonum reniforme is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name kidney-leaf buckwheat.	Eriogonum reniforme	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus leberi is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family, endemic to Cuba.	Eleutherodactylus leberi	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces capillispiralis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil in Sweden.	Streptomyces capillispiralis	species
taxon rank	Oxyria digyna (mountain sorrel, wood sorrel, Alpine sorrel or Alpine mountain-sorrel) is a species of flowering plant in the Buckwheat Family (Polygonaceae).	Oxyria digyna	species
taxon rank	Nurscia is a genus of spiders in the family Titanoecidae.	Nurscia	genus
taxon rank	Erythrodes (false helmetorchid) is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Erythrodes	genus
taxon rank	Notropis wickliffi (channel shiner) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.	Notropis wickliffi	species
taxon rank	Tachymarptis is a genus of bird in the swift family, Apodidae.	Tachymarptis	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Diaxanthia lucinia, which is found in Costa Rica.	Diaxanthia	species
taxon rank	Archaeorhizomyces finlayi is a species of fungi in the class Archaeorhizomycetes and the type species.	Archaeorhizomyces finlayi	species
taxon rank	Trichopilia brasiliensis is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Goiás).	Trichopilia brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Assiminea mesopotamica is a species of minute, salt-tolerant snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusks, or micromollusks, in the family Assimineidae.	Assiminea mesopotamica	species
taxon rank	Davallia fejeensis is a species of fern in the Davalliaceae family.	Davallia fejeensis	species
taxon rank	Micromoema xiphophora is a species of rivuline endemic to the Orinoco River basin in Venezuela where it is found in small pools in the forest.	Micromoema xiphophora	species
taxon rank	Hemileiocassis panjang is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to Indonesia.	Hemileiocassis panjang	species
taxon rank	Thalotia chlorostoma, common name the greem-mouth monodont, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Thalotia chlorostoma	species
taxon rank	Glaciecola punicea is a psychrophilic bacteria found in Antarctic sea-ice habitats, being the type species of its genus.	Glaciecola punicea	species
taxon rank	The genus itself contains only one species, Telechrysis tripuncta, which is found in most of Europe, except the Iberian Peninsula, the Benelux, Ireland, Lithuania, Croatia, Austria and Greece.	Telechrysis	species
taxon rank	Phaeosaccion is a genus of brown algae with monostromatic tubular to saccate thalli, up to 20 centimetres (7.9 in) long and to 2 centimetres (0.79 in) wide.	Phaeosaccion	genus
taxon rank	Atalaya calcicola is a species of trees native to Northern and Eastern Queensland.	Atalaya calcicola	species
taxon rank	Biscogniauxia capnodes a species of fungus in the family Xylariaceae.It is a plant pathogen.	Biscogniauxia capnodes	species
taxon rank	Nassella (needlegrass) is a New World genus of over 100 perennial bunchgrasses found from North America through South America.	Nassella	genus
taxon rank	Memecylon royenii is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family endemic to Sri Lanka.	Memecylon royenii	species
taxon rank	Spiraea chamaedryfolia, common name germander meadowsweet or elm-leaved spirea, is a species of plants belonging to the family Rosaceae.	Spiraea chamaedryfolia	species
taxon rank	Monochilus is a genus of plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae, first described in 1835.	Monochilus	genus
taxon rank	Huxleyia habooba is a species of small, monomyarian, nuculoid bivalve.	Huxleyia habooba	species
taxon rank	Epiphyllum anguliger, commonly known as the fishbone cactus, is a cactus species native to Mexico.	Epiphyllum anguliger	species
taxon rank	Chrysosplenium alternifolium is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known as the alternate-leaved golden-saxifrage.	Chrysosplenium alternifolium	species
taxon rank	Xenotilapia ochrogenys is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers areas with sandy substrates.	Xenotilapia ochrogenys	species
taxon rank	Pterocoma is an extinct genus of crinoid from the Late Jurassic of Europe.	Pterocoma	genus
taxon rank	Boerhavia dominii, commonly known as tarvine, is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family.	Boerhavia dominii	species
taxon rank	Azadinium spinosum is a species of dinoflagellate that produces azaspiracid toxins (toxins associated with shellfish poisoning), particularly AZA 1, AZA 2 and an isomer of AZA 2.	Azadinium spinosum	species
taxon rank	Puccinellia maritima is a species of grass known by the common names including seaside alkaligrass, common saltmarsh-grass or sea poa grass.	Puccinellia maritima	species
taxon rank	Thamnomanes is a genus of antshrikes in the perching bird family Thamnophilidae.	Thamnomanes	genus
taxon rank	Paramimiculus pterolophioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paramimiculus.	Paramimiculus pterolophioides	species
taxon rank	Heliangelus is a genus of hummingbirds found in montane South America.	Heliangelus	genus
taxon rank	Floscaldasia is a genus of South American flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Floscaldasia	genus
taxon rank	Pseudocheirodon is a genus of characins found in southern Central America.	Pseudocheirodon	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Pterofiltrus qiui.	Pterofiltrus	species
taxon rank	Arctocephalus forsteri, the New Zealand fur seal, southern fur seal or long-nosed fur seal, is a species of fur seal found around the south coast of Australia, the coast of the South Island of New Zealand, and some of the small islands to the south and east of there.	Arctocephalus forsteri	species
taxon rank	Cochlicella barbara is a species of small but very high-spired, air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlicellidae.	Cochlicella barbara	species
taxon rank	Posidonichthys hutchinsi is a species of clingfish native to the Australia coast.	Posidonichthys hutchinsi	species
taxon rank	Desmodus draculae is an extinct species of vampire bat that inhabited South America during the Pleistocene, and possibly the early Holocene.	Desmodus draculae	species
taxon rank	Ostrea edulis is a species of oyster native to Europe and commonly known as the European flat oyster, Colchester native oyster (hence Colchester natives), mud oyster, or edible oyster (despite this latter name it is not the only oyster that is edible by humans).	Ostrea edulis	species
taxon rank	Cirsonella weldii, common name the shiny liotia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.	Cirsonella weldii	species
taxon rank	The rose subfamily Rosoideae consists of more than 850 species, including many shrubs, perennial herbs, and fruit plants such as strawberries and brambles.	Rosoideae	subfamily
taxon rank	The Didelphinae are a subfamily of opossums consisting of 15 genera and 98 species, one of them extinct.	Didelphinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Banksia nutans, commonly known as Nodding Banksia, is a species of shrub native to the south coast of Western Australia in the genus Banksia.	Banksia nutans	species
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Melasphaerula graminea, native to Namibia and the Cape Province in South Africa.	Melasphaerula	species
taxon rank	Paraclinus nigripinnis, the Blackfin blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea from southern Florida to Brazil.	Paraclinus nigripinnis	species
taxon rank	Orobanche ramosa is a species of broomrape known by the common names hemp broomrape and branched broomrape.	Orobanche ramosa	species
taxon rank	Senecio nigrescens is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae and was first written about in the botanical classic Botany of Beechey's Voyage to the Pacific and Behring's Straits.	Senecio nigrescens	species
taxon rank	Ceratozamia hildae, commonly known as the bamboo cycad, is a species of cycad in the Zamiaceae family that is endemic to Mexico.	Ceratozamia hildae	species
taxon rank	Callicarpa bodinieri (Bodinier's beautyberry) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Callicarpa of the family Lamiaceae, native to West and Central China.	Callicarpa bodinieri	species
taxon rank	Chaenactis furcata is a Mexican species of flowering plants in the aster family.	Chaenactis furcata	species
taxon rank	The Nullarbor dwarf bettong (Bettongia pusilla) was a species of bettong endemic to the Nullarbor Plain in Western Australia.	Nullarbor dwarf bettong	species
taxon rank	Terestrombus terebellatus, common name : the Little Auger Conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Terestrombus terebellatus	species
taxon rank	Acrantophis madagascariensis is a species of boid snake in the subfamily Sanziniinae that is endemic to the island of Madagascar.	Acrantophis madagascariensis	species
taxon rank	Mene oblonga is a species of perciform fish that first appeared in the Monte Bolca Lagerstatten during the Lutetian epoch of the Eocene.	Mene oblonga	species
taxon rank	Perideridia kelloggii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Kellogg's yampah.	Perideridia kelloggii	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus punctulatus is a species of fish of the family Trichomycteridae in the order of the Siluriformes.	Trichomycterus punctulatus	species
taxon rank	Myoictis is a genus of marsupials in the order Dasyuromorphia.	Myoictis	genus
taxon rank	Etheostoma variatum (common name variegate darter) is a species of darter.	Etheostoma variatum	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma zietzi, common name the Zietz top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma zietzi	species
taxon rank	Candida viswanathii is a species of yeast in the genus Candida.	Candida viswanathii	species
taxon rank	Phaseolus (bean, wild bean) is a genus in the family Fabaceae containing about 70 plant species, all native to the Americas, primarily Mexico.	Phaseolus	genus
taxon rank	Zygoballus iridescens is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States.	Zygoballus iridescens	species
taxon rank	Tabebuia elliptica is a species of Tabebuia tree native to Brazil and Bolivia.	Tabebuia elliptica	species
taxon rank	Ranularia exilis, common name: the slender triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Ranularia exilis	species
taxon rank	Tetragraptus approximatus is a species of dichograptid graptolite belonging to the genus Tetragraptus.	Tetragraptus approximatus	species
taxon rank	The Prodoxidae are a family of moths, generally small in size and nondescript in appearance.	Prodoxidae	family
taxon rank	Allium funckiifolium is a plant species from Hubei and Sichuan Provinces in China.	Allium funckiifolium	species
taxon rank	Falniowskia neglectissima is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae, the snouted freshwater snails.	Falniowskia neglectissima	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius lineatus, known commonly as the Linear blenny or Lined combtooth blenny, is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.	Ecsenius lineatus	species
taxon rank	Vericeras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod, essentially a Nautiloid, that lived in what would be Europe during the Silurian from 421--418.7 mya, existing for approximately 2.3 million years.	Vericeras	genus
taxon rank	Hildoceratidae is a family of ammonoid cephalopods from the Lower Jurassic, lower Pliensbachian (Jamesoni zone) to lower Bajocian (maybe even upper Bajocian) substages, generally with strongly ribbed, involute shells.	Hildoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Ornithogalum dubium, common names sun star or star of Bethlehem, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae.	Ornithogalum dubium	species
taxon rank	Furcifer is a genus of chameleons whose member species are mostly endemic to Madagascar, but F. cephalolepis and F. polleni are endemic to the Comoros.	Furcifer	genus
taxon rank	Calamus elegans is a palm species in the genus Calamus.	Calamus elegans	species
taxon rank	Dictyna ignobilis is spider species found in Moldavia and Armenia.	Dictyna ignobilis	species
taxon rank	Yohoia is a genus of tiny, extinct animals from the Cambrian period that has been found as fossils in the Burgess Shale formation of British Columbia, Canada.	Yohoia	genus
taxon rank	Fissurella peruviana, common name : the Peruvian Keyhole Limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Fissurella peruviana	species
taxon rank	Glossanodon is a genus of herring smelts.	Glossanodon	genus
taxon rank	Pentachaeta exilis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name meager pygmydaisy.	Pentachaeta exilis	species
taxon rank	Tibouchina pulchra is a plant species in the genus Tibouchina.	Tibouchina pulchra	species
taxon rank	Amanita augusta is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae.	Amanita augusta	species
taxon rank	Astacoides caldwelli is a species of crustacean in family Parastacidae.	Astacoides caldwelli	species
taxon rank	Jensia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, endemic to California.	Jensia	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Dacatria templaris, first described from South Korea.	Dacatria	species
taxon rank	Imocetus is an extinct genus of ziphiidae cetacean, with one species, G. piscatus, from the Miocene of Portugal and Spain.	Imocetus	genus
taxon rank	Nannostomus marilynae, commonly known as Marilyn's or greenstripe pencilfish, is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the Lebiasinidae family of characins.	Nannostomus marilynae	species
taxon rank	Harpochloa is a genus of African plants in the grass family, common name caterpillar grass .	Harpochloa	genus
taxon rank	Xenisthmus chi (Japan wriggler, chi xenisthmid) is a species of fish in the wriggler family, Xenisthmidae.	Xenisthmus chi	species
taxon rank	Phlebodium is a small genus of two to four species of ferns, native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas.	Phlebodium	genus
taxon rank	Kentriodontidae is an extinct family of odontocet whales related to modern dolphins.	Kentriodontidae	family
taxon rank	Syzygium cormiflorum, commonly known as the bumpy satinash, is a species of Syzygium tree native to Queensland in northeastern Australia.	Syzygium cormiflorum	species
taxon rank	Denticetopsis seducta is a species of whale catfish endemic to Brazil where it has a relatively wide, albeit scattered, distribution in the central and western portions of the Amazon basin and possibly the southwestern portions of the Orinoco River basin; it is relatively disjunct from the other species of Denticetopsis.	Denticetopsis seducta	species
taxon rank	Geocapromys is a genus of rodent, comprising two extant species of hutia.	Geocapromys	genus
taxon rank	Parodia columnaris is a species of cactus in the subfamily Cactoideae.	Parodia columnaris	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Villarica villaricae, which is found in Chile (Araucania Region).	Villarica villaricae	species
taxon rank	Warszewitsch's frog (Rana warszewitschii) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and Panama.	Warszewitsch's frog	species
taxon rank	Callulina shengena is a species of frog in the family Brevicipitidae.	Callulina shengena	species
voice type	Annick Massis (born 1 January 1958) is a French soprano.	Annick Massis	soprano
voice type	Ivo Vinco (8 November 1927 -- 8 June 2014) was an Italian bass opera singer who enjoyed a successful international career.	Ivo Vinco	bass
voice type	Yelena Dudochkin is a Ukrainian-American soprano known for her ``gorgeous, expressive and rich voice...a true pearl of the opera''(Voice of America) and her ``dramatic intelligence'' (Boston Globe).	Yelena Dudochkin	soprano
voice type	Inva Mula (born June 27, 1963) is an Albanian opera lyric soprano.	Inva Mula	soprano
voice type	Johann Carl Gottfried Loewe (German: (ˈløːvə); 30 November 1796 -- 20 April 1869), usually called Carl Loewe (sometimes seen as Karl Loewe), was a German composer, tenor singer and conductor.	Carl Loewe	tenor
voice type	Eva Johansson (25 February 1958) is a Danish soprano opera singer.	Eva Johansson	soprano
voice type	Joseph Malovany(born in 1941 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli-born American tenor soloist.	Joseph Malovany	tenor
voice type	Natale de Carolis (born 25 July 1957, Anagni) is an Italian operatic baritone who has had an active career in major opera houses internationally since the early 1980s.	Natale de Carolis	baritone
voice type	Jane Berbié (born 6 May 1931) is a French mezzo-soprano particularly associated with Mozart and Rossini roles.	Jane Berbié	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Albert Lortzing became an audience favourite, playing the roles of a youthful lover, a country boy and bon vivant, sometimes also singing small tenor or baritone roles.	Albert Lortzing	tenor
