HD 126271 is a suspected variable star in the northern constellation of Boötes .
Paolo Matthiae ( born 1940 ) is an Italian archaeologist .
Duhamel - Ouest is a municipality in northwestern Quebec , Canada in the Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality .
Prusaki ( pruˈsaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tybory - Jeziernia ( tɨˈbɔrɨ jɛˈʑɛrɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Piątkowiec ( pjɔntˈkɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Bishop 's Caundle is a small village and civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset in South West England ; situated 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) south - east of Sherborne .
Montrachet is located in the south of the Côte de Beaune , which is the southern half of the Côte d'Or , which in turn is the most important of the several wine producing subregions of Burgundy .
Pardameh ( Persian : پردمه‎ ) is a village in Larijan - e Sofla Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The church of Santi Venanzio e Ansovino was situated near the Capitoline Hill in Rome .
The Collingswood Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Collingswood , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
Świeciny ( ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łanięta , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kinpurnie Castle is a stately home located close to Newtyle , near Blairgowrie , Angus in Scotland .
Fan Leng Lau ( Chinese : 粉嶺樓 ) is a village in Fanling , the north district of the New Territories of Hong Kong .
The Rocky Mountain elk ( Cervus elaphus ) is a subspecies of elk found in the Rocky Mountains and adjacent ranges of Western North America .
Dances with Dragon is a 1991 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Sharla Cheung .
Emily Halliday ( born 5 April 1979 ) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Cappy Ricks Returns is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Mack V. Wright and written by George Waggner .
Sycamore Review is an American literary journal based at Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indiana .
Tang Lingsheng ( born 1971 in Lingui , Guangxi ) is a male Chinese weightlifter .
